Episode 965
InSPIREation (part 1)
February 24, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5xYrxszDtU
___________________________________________

vacuum dad all right fucking hell man
second dad does the whole string just
backing the whole dance the whole stream
I won't say anything it's like I could
play as the the green because I need
more unlocked but I want to fucking be
the ironclad all right I'm gonna back
him dad I have no control over this you
don't
Jack has become a crazy man you don't
have anything
yeah bad I can kill this dream that's
true but that I would keep this hey at
this point you're just damaging our
brand now you speak in my language hello
hey everyone welcome my Jack's so weird
as you know many of many reasons many
many reasons hey everybody welcome
welcome to the I'm subscribed oh that
you know I stopped it's fine I'm fine
so Jack rich what's going on why are we
playing slides fire because I am fucking
obsessed with the game and playing for
40 hours talking about it for an hour
and then editing the episode for 20
hours only made me want to play it more
okay I'm I I want to beat this game as
the ironclad and I have not yet okay
I guess I guess we should get going then
doing it are you gonna do this drunk
yeah like that is that gonna help is
that really gonna help I think that's
why it's good do I know
14:22 iron-clad
go this definitely isn't mine
you know so by the way you know the
weight you don't get the whale bonuses
if you die too many times too many times
if you don't if you don't want to get to
at least the first you have to get to
lose the first boss but if you die
before you get to the first boss the
next time you don't get the whalebone I
know which sucks I'm sorry
the often do you die before in this
Sunday there's been times before the
first boss I wanted to restart yeah and
then you don't get the well bonus but
really how often do you die before you
get to the first boss not too often okay
okay
but it happened earlier today and then
it pissed me off on when I went on
another world slaying all night
I don't know well we'll see how Jack
does see how upset I get at losing
constantly alright let's see here
there's not a shop coming up close so I
could obtain a random relic or I could
obtain a random rare card I think I'm
gonna go over into rare card huh all
right that's a decent that's a decent
finisher exhaust your hand dealing seven
damage for each exhausted card no this
is not dead rising but here's my
question Chad do you wish it was too bad
it's too bad because it's too fucking
bad shop up here
like hitting the most fires I can so if
I got a bad fire
I can't hit the shop anyway so that I
might as well hit this shop
ha oh and oh this way I could hit 2
shops and never mind never mind
new plan yeah alright let's go let's go
do this ironclad easy he's busy
slay this fire isn't a video game it is
it's it's a it's a great video game it's
a video game I enjoy it has some issues
but overall I think it's a great video
game I think it's a very you know it's
basic as far as as far as the moves
because all the math is in front of you
but it's it's great it's exactly what a
video game is which is just you know you
get a you get an enemy oh here we go so
this is less of a video games and Final
Fantasy that's just not true come on
that's just simply false come on settle
there
the different cards you get radically
change how you play as opposed to just
what's my most effective attack do that
over and over again and over and over
again oh god oh god Pokemon this game's
fine okay oh god Pokemon alright here we
go
yes I would like to remove a card from
my deck
I would like to remove these cards from
my deck
great great here we go we're doing great
guys we're doing great so far I'm
feeling good things golden idol I've not
won this game since the review I haven't
gotten to the the third world boss yeah
but it's demolished it doesn't matter
what my cards are I'm gonna get
demolished I've gotten to the third word
boss a few times what's what's going on
what cards do you have what do you what
are you looking for what are you looking
to do
III got a whole bunch of like you know
it's obviously like it's just starting
so like I got friendly fire which is
exhaust your hand in deal seven damage
for each exhausted card yeah
which makes for a great finisher that's
like that's a nice I got him on the
ropes
super damaged and I just picked up this
which is add two wounds to your hand
yep gain 15 blocks that pairs well with
fire exactly and fire with fiend fire
and so like it's two extra cards that's
14 extra damage and that's a good block
card and so you know I don't have a
strategy at the moment cuz I don't I
don't have enough to work with but it's
a decent base I picked up the golden
idol where enemies drop 25% more gold
and I took some damage because I didn't
want a let's see here nothing else
Pokemon gave us the great matchup versus
the star the star me was that what it
was calm I've never rude it harder for
the CPU oh I knew I knew everyone was
rooting for the game but I beat it
fucking game you did it rich you did it
go and win that's a great card now that
says I just watched a recent stream it
was surprised to hear rich never played
System Shock 2 especially since it used
the same engine as thief here is a
donation so you can buy a copy on GOG I
have a copy I have a copy
I even have it on CD I've just I've just
never gotten around to it
System Shock 2 hmm I don't know sorry
you should be you should be sorry
absolutely table Kirk says thanks for
filming a new prereq at the New York Toy
Fair they revealed the new TMNT cartoon
style introduces magic in the form of
big trouble a little china type mystical
city underneath the sewers yeah that
looks stupid pants it does look stupid
fans I mean you know I get like it's a
kid's cartoon so there's not a whole lot
I get to say about it and but yeah it
just doesn't look cool yeah I want that
golden I mean that go take the doubt
I know Raphael is the leader what I
don't get it is that true that's true
yeah what I've read it's like that's
snow Raphael has never been the leader I
know I know the lyrics of the rap song
they wrote for the first movie got that
bit of information wrong no he's cool
but rude no no no no for the movie the
rap song they end the movie with the
live-action movie and Raphael is the
leader no no he's not he never was do
they really get that wrong yeah they did
in the in the teenage TMNT live-action
and then I've seen people respond like
comments whether there were the reveal
for the new Turtles where was the leader
in the comics they don't know shit
Raphael never led jack shit
he never led jack shit interest yeah
interest
thing leo was totally the leader in the
comics Raphael was the idiot Oh rose who
would Steve is a tough guy but he was
nobody was hot-headed idiot not Michael
and Michelangelo was my kind just so the
goofball er okay okay I got a couple
decisions to make here rich and you know
that one of these decisions can you know
make make or break the run didn't all
the turtles look the same in the comics
yes but they still had different
personalities yeah okay so I can soup up
my finisher and do ten damage per
exhausted card which would be great I
could you know I got this body slam
which is deal attack for how much block
you have which will pair great with my
power through and I could change it from
costing one to costing zero which is
very helpful or my power through instead
of getting 15 block and gain 20 block
which one do I want first probably want
the mega finisher first that's gonna do
that's gonna do me more gird gird early
in the game mm-hmm great
glad I could talk it through Batman but
in the original comics they were all
basically the angry or after stereotype
not really
leo is always the serious one Raphael
was the one who would fly off the handle
Donatella was a little less nailed down
with what his personality was okay
Mike was kind of the goofball he wasn't
super intelligent genius-level in the
comics at that point well right that
that came later escalation is a real
thing
black-and-white comic Donatello for a
while was just kind of there is the
early days sure
here's what I'm thinking here's what I'm
thinking rich bag of preparation at the
start of each combat draw two additional
cards which means for my first round
instead of having five cards I'll have
seven cards which means that if I get
friendly fire I can do 60 damage right
off the bat which means I could arguably
kill someone before they have a chance
to do I know which is you know that's
very uh I tried that strategy on stream
didn't work
well you're right you need you need the
luck of a draw a chap that the original
turtles of black and white they didn't
really have a pizza thing I'm sure I'm
sure they ate pizza at some point but it
wasn't like a thing also what wasn't a
thing cowabunga wasn't a thing well in
the black and white comics I think once
the cartoon had took off they threw in
one reference to cowabunga once sure
yeah I'm doing the bank preparation I'm
doing it and I'm removing a card rich is
a total hipster how how oh yeah you're a
total loser I would have to like those
black and white ninja turtle comic books
ironically to be a hipster right well
you just like them we're talking about
something I have loved since I was 12
yeah yeah you're fine
Oh see bum look at this this is it right
here so one two three four five six yeah
okay so I went
paid off already paid off already
oh that could work that could work well
together okay
does Jax Tech have a plan yet or is it
just in its infancy Jack okay so it's
coming together so check out what I just
got what I just got is whenever a card
is exhausted gained four block
yeah which will pair supremely well with
fiend fire which is exhaust your hand to
deal 10 damage for each card exhausted
yeah so then if I can't get them the
first round and if body slam isn't in
there what I need now is I need a card
that deals me more cards okay so what I
can do is exhaust a bunch of cards get a
shit ton of block then if I can get body
slam and use that block to attack again
I got the I got the mohicans I got the
makings of something and you know what I
need I need barricade barricade is the
card that means you don't lose your
shield in between rounds it's too
expensive and it's it's it's to
barricade it's too expensive yeah you
could cost you basically around to use
it yes you're gonna get mauled when
you're trying to use it and then later
on the enemies do so much fucking damage
every motherfucking turn everything
you're never gonna have leftover shield
to begin with barricades of fools it's
fool's gold barricades but it's always
so tempted great on paper oh wait do I
do it again one two three four five six
this is a ten each it's ten each so I'm
gonna do it's close but not there I want
to do but five six and then he's gonna
split into two he's gonna split into two
with each having five health yep
and so then all I need is two attacks
which I have I can do it I can do it
okay
so then my next hand as long as I gave
both of my attacks I win and you do
great congratulations I win that that
backpack of preparedness has been paying
off so far barricade + dexterity relics
and powers equal invincibility they
could it could and there is there's
another car that like gives you even
when it when it's upgraded especially
gives you 40 shield if you pair that
with barricade this could do well anger
could do well for the long game every
time you play anger which is a free card
to use it does for damage and then makes
a copy of itself in your discard pile it
could just if there's things you want to
keep coming around well with your note
with your that might work for you it
could work for me the thing I really
need to concentrate on though is is draw
more cards I need cards that let me draw
more cards mmm this is this is a tricky
one jack is not at all interested in sub
subnautica and I don't I don't really
care either not even a little bit
hello shop
none of you let me draw more cards off
your block that's useless this is a good
one the minimal if I'd hand whenever you
play a power a random card in your hand
costs zero that's good one that's a good
one none of these will do me any good
son we're just gonna we're just gonna
delete a card we're just gonna trim down
we're gonna trim down the old deck here
get rid of another defense we don't we
don't need it trim it down slim and trim
years over get to some fucked up stuff
with these guys because and there's
multiple little enemies now
if you guys could replace any role with
Jeffrey Combs what role would you pick
showgirls replace Kyle MacLachlan or
replace no replace what's your favor
safer yeah a little bit Berkeley with
Jeffrey Combs yes I would pay real money
to see I'm an investor ah consider me an
absolute investor right off the bat real
money people real money I'll add a
second mortgage to my house just make
that happen yes
ed Oquendo says what are the chances Jay
and/or Josh joins you guys for the
injustice to stream also does mumblecore
have any merit or is just pure hipster
garbage thanks for all the streams love
you guys
I am other than being a name I've heard
I am not at all familiar with mumblecore
mumblecore is a at least in movies it's
a it's like what are they the duplo
brothers the what is it what was the
movie that what was the famous movie
that they did where it's like loner
loner people talking about how alone
they are Zach Braff made a mumblecore
movies yeah what was it called Garden
State yeah it's it's basically like you
know sad the sad boy movies yeah that's
mumblecore movies do play the Duplass
brothers yes yeah
Jeff who lives at home thank you and
plus if the whole the whole deal was
injustice to us the story so good it's a
good DC Comics story then we should be
paying more attention to the game and
less attention to guests so it probably
wouldn't even be a good idea right vana
Brown Adam Sandler says I am one of
those people who didn't like the
animated format so hopefully this extra
tip will help with the extra work
required for the couch format keep doing
what you're doing thank you we heard you
we're there we poked a little bit of fun
in this episode but we we hear you you
like to see our faces oh here's a fun
thing I'm gonna I think I'm gonna I'm
not gonna tell you the answer yet
yep chat I'll put up like an official
quiz on Twitter or something but for our
close-up cameras one of them is the you
know expensive brand new DSLR and one is
the five year old DSLR with the fact
hacked firmware guess who has the new
camera because they both looked really
good I think we go through your close-up
and my close-up looks very good
and I think they looked really similar
so it's gonna be a guess who had the
nice new camera do you have your camera
I had this game I hacked the old camera
so you can change the firmware so it it
records at a higher megabit per second
data rate okay it means I'm gonna burn
through memory cards I had to buy like a
fat new memory card for it but is it
okay is it legal to hack your camera
yeah it's legally old okay it is the
warranty yeah but it's legal okay
okay mister I don't like emulation
shears hacking his camera now and you
know while emulation is technically
legal having the Proms as those with
legal what if you owned the roms you
don't you can't buy the roms you what
you own you
disk it's a whole thing you know you can
use an emulator on your computer and
played from the disk you know you can do
that right right and that's that's fine
like if you own the disk then some
things you can actually just make copy
of your disk yeah yeah
but he's gonna curl up yeah he curls up
oh-oh-oh I'm a dummy dummy rich it's
fine everything's fine I got him
yeah what happens if you literally have
no cards what have you a managed you
managed to exhaust every card in your
deck then you can't play that turn and
just keep attacking you because you know
why cuz I've done it before with this
car this car that exhausts your cards
absolutely was an accident or was
curiosity huh
was it an accident or did you do it
deliberately out of curiosity out of
curiosity this this is the this is the
start of the make ins impervious gained
30 block which is really great one that
enemies about to do 52 damage it helps
alright alright alright I think I'm
gonna do the boss like I think I'm gonna
do the elites rather than the store cuz
I just don't have any money anyway
okay and so I'd rather have the extra
you in the first world yeah I'd rather
have the extra ruin oh this boss is
fairly easy to you'll be fine
yeah well the the problem with my
current my current deck does really well
against one enemy multiple enemies are a
problem how many worlds in this game
currently three no I'm assuming they're
going to expand it are they going to
expand it watch me have no idea
could you know what's fucking let's do
this right off the bat
magical tremor 37 says jak reviews
Skyrim on April 1st do it no would that
a lot No
rich Rai and jury at lunga lunga or sky
gray you know what I'm saying please
play blood-borne again because the blood
sings to you stop ignoring I played
again at some point
please play metal gear survive we're
talking about it and think about it
today we're thinking about thinking
about it I'm thinking about it you
remember that game with the shitty
storytelling yeah but I've had that
really that actually really good my
studies espionage infiltration combat I
do remember that yes let's take the the
interesting parts of the game play out
and just replace it with zombies
survival and zombies there you got to
eat and shoot the zombies
ah fuck
I'm a little fucked would you guys ever
do sponsored streams you get ads so
technically technically we already do
not only do we get ads but you you guys
you know give us tip you subscribe to us
which you know gives us revenue you
watch us on YouTube we are sponsored by
you I know what you mean though like
like would we ever do a stream where
it's like hey the nice people over at
Nintendo want us to play Super Mario
Galaxy
hey now and the problem is we could only
get away with it once because we
wouldn't give a shit and then no one
would ever sponsor stream again look
even even the part of me that would you
know that if they offered me enough
money we want to jump at it even you
know even with that oh that's a perfect
time for fire free fiend fire but yeah
but then I still have more it would ruin
us if people thought we were shells oh
yeah that's true uh honesty is her thing
we say what we think we say what we want
we do what we won't and I think I think
the minute the fans sense otherwise yeah
it's over that's that's a career ender
for us that's probably true that's
probably true
the short-term game that would not pay
off long-term yes our thing is making
fun of shills correct
yes
[Music]
well that's the nice thing about this
enemy is I have the power up that any
time a card is exhausted I get shield
and all of these all of these days
guards exhaust so I get free shield
basically every time okay here we go
here we go now I can do some damage now
we can win all right that wasn't so bad
we made our way through that one we made
our way develop upon pickup upgrade to
random skills and so you know quick tip
you want to get cards first because one
of these might be a skill I don't like
any of these but if it's another
situation like that where we have
multiple enemies to deal with I would
like I like another attack
I like making him weak shuffle a wound
into your draw pile that doesn't hurt me
too much I can't I can't tell you what
to do again I mean I made it you know I
made it through that but from you know
it's like you're better at made this at
this game anyway so my input it just
okay weightless I upgraded a basic
defense which isn't good but I also
upgraded my my power through so now I
get 20 block into oh you know what I
don't mind
upgrading the basic defenses I don't
mind that sure I'd rather have him
upgraded than not yeah yeah but I could
have upgraded a strike I could've
upgraded impervious strikes you want to
get rid of anyway so I'm less I'm
lessened down with getting upgraded
strikes yeah I'll take an upgraded
normal defense card defend if I if you
if I upgrade impervious get 40 block
which is really nice what I really want
to upgrade is body slam it's good for
one turn and then it's gone for good
though I don't know about that
impervious I don't know about that man
if I can get that if I can get that a
barricade card and then you upgrade the
barricade and then it only
two instead of three yeah it can work it
can work it works early it's just later
when they're when you're literally
getting 70 damage done to you in a one
term yeah oh yeah yeah oh I know there's
it hurts that's all I could say it hurts
yes that's correct Jack hasn't win in
this game I do not I have one win and
you guys saw the the first half of it
which was the the amazing like triple
the the poison than triple the poison
again one though can I get like 25
percent credit absolutely oh no you get
50 percent credit you were there you
helped me build that day yeah yeah
absolutely
how harden says good evening jack all
right
Congrats on the air fly smackdowns you
have joined the company of Obama for fly
deaths I saw that thanks for sure
whoever so much air there with me
apparently Obama did the same thing so I
guess you could say I'm like Obama
you're the white Obama I'm the white
Obama that's what they call me they call
me misunderstood in my time okay here we
go and we win that doesn't qualify you
for president I don't know what does
this is what I'm saying
boom good luck tonight
to strength
I like I always I always want this card
this flex card which is like it's a free
play it makes all your attacks a little
stronger and then it goes away it goes
away and it takes up a room in your deck
it takes up room in your hand right
absolutely
all right I did get the the relic where
I can remove cards that's nice but we
got smithing to do we are going to
upgrade bodyslam so it is a free attack
whatever block I have okay that's that's
that's the way to go okay all right
doing great first boss boom flex is
great
someone says in the chat it's great
unless you're trying to keep your decks
small right I mean it looks great on
paper it's free doesn't it's not a big
benefit but it's free yeah but if your
strategy is based around getting those
certain cards to come up and come up
together yeah you don't want it in your
deck you know what flex works really
well with is that the card that doubles
your strength yeah cuz flex you get two
you get two strength you then double it
so you get four but then the flex only
takes away - yeah so it's like you it
helps you build up strength flex can
work
I'd rather have what's the one called
where it adds strength yeah spot
weakness or whatever it's called every
time they're attacking every time
they're attacking is that that strength
sticks around that's a good one
Oh or the double your strength attack
upgraded dozen exhaust so you can just
keep up well you well here's the thing
here's the problem with that that card
the card that doubles your strength yeah
if you don't have any cards that give
you strength in the first place it's a
complete waste
exactly exactly but that's why it's fair
it works well the Flex it works well
with Flex I think it works even better
with spot weakness though then they keep
coming up yeah okay okay okay we can do
this we can do this people who don't
play this game or just what
yeah it's gibberish to them it's pure
pure fucking gibberish fine that's fine
let it be
son of a bitch
that's okay I can
I can weather the storm I can weather
this do it man
[Music]
he's just damaged I can make it I can
make this happen
yeah
but a negative effect of drink the
potion the artifact potions and the gate
negative effects enter and so all we
really want to do this time is is attack
I want to save I want to save my
friendly fire for when I have a bigger
hand and I want to save this to the hope
that it pairs with with my body slam
because that gives me a defense that's
right this this boss has a thing where
if you hit him enough times he goes into
this mode now he does less attack but
every time I hit him I take three damage
so he's only gonna attack me for nine
which is nothing it's something it's
something and he'll attack me for three
every time I attack him it adds up and
so then it's just like do I want to
attack him I do because I want to make
him vulnerable
Dave fore-quarters says I really enjoyed
the Star Trek Discovery review I
appreciate it you're referencing the
best episode of Trek ever made season 6
episode 19 of Deep Space 9 in the pale
moonlight it's pretty good I've seen it
a hundred times and Garrick only blinks
once as far as I know it's it's probably
the most badass episode of Deep Space
nine where Cisco really does some
unethical shit yeah
that's the whole point he had to do no I
got to do it damn it
Federation is dying I got to do it
come cards aren't coming up how I want
them to rich let me have so many cards
in your deck I only have 13 cards and
place the perfect time from previous
well yes it is but I want to pair that
with with my body slam and it's not
gonna work I'm fucking sorry you should
be
no this can work this can work
alright cuz I got this one which gives
me 20 block what's the damage in the end
oh yeah well he does 30 damage yeah so
that'll get him down to 120 and then
this I have 15 damage per card so if I
do so that if that's one one these three
four or four times we you're gonna use
the body slam first oh of course of
course so then that's 30 and 15 times
four is 70 is 100 well what's in your
deck how many attack cards you're gonna
have left are you gonna oh yeah I saw I
can't do it yet you can't do it yeah I
can't do it I can't do it but that's
okay and you can't do the two strikes in
the body slam absolutely
we're gonna make it
we're gonna make it he's whittling me
down but we're gonna make it
[Music]
one small bosses just finished watching
predator in glorious way okay just
finished watching predator in a glorious
way to loud surround sound hmm
decided to check out the sequel being
shot right now and a little boy is front
of the call sheet hold me rich comfort
me
what what what
I read the thing you sure did I read the
thing absolutely
you predator predator is a fine movie
predators are fine yeah
[Music]
while I am straight up shit creek
he's upset the main character in the new
predator movie is a little kid
oh that sounds stupid that sounds really
stupid by I I don't know I don't know
what they're doing with the new predator
movie
I'm not up on my predator news look if
it's if it's based on an old franchise
you love in the world we live in now
it's got to be terrible it's just it's
going to be awful
anonymous says so what happens if you
don't get barricade is there a way to
safe it will you'll be forced to start
all over again will you fail without
sense I Evans assistance
I lost way I know you have it yeah no
you haven't have if you do enough damage
he'll show up I have to do 27 damage
okay so that's six four oh yeah you're
all weak I've lost okay
[Music]
well this game is totally fair
motherfucker rnjesus is displeased
apparently what have I done to displease
you are in Jesus I don't think it makes
any sense to build around something like
barricade unless you happen to get it
early I think I think your your first
few the first few cards you get those
are those were very important to this
game because you build it right yeah
that's what you have to build around so
what you got it will I was I was working
on a on a movement like you know what
what I needed was cards that added more
cards to my hand yeah and they're just
didn't get any I just didn't get
anything I had a fine start though that
was a fine start just play that you play
the what could I have done game you know
if I would have upgraded a different
card besides the body slam would that
have made a difference maybe yeah right
magic Trevor 37 says check and rich your
beards are looking nice a mine needs me
tremendous I have too much scruff up
here oh yeah you need you need to you
need to keep the word trim and nice
absolutely yeah
and I'm not doing that today it's bad
it's bad well it doesn't matter on this
camera you can't really tell have you
seen any good documentaries lately I
just saw one called
tickle dirt which is about a real-life
criminal tickle monster we're done great
thanks none met lately I don't even
remember what the last good documentary
I watched was but just just for fun I've
been I've been going into like the
Netflix and I've been just searching for
like just conspiracy theory nonsense
yeah like like like like the other day I
watched you know it's just like
background while I'm playing games
honestly remember Fox did two alien
autopsy with Jonathan Frakes
mm-hm you should you're garbage like
that
you know utter trash oh yeah cutter
trash but it's fun
especially when you know it was
definitively proven to be a hoax a I
don't know how recently but it's
definitively a hoax and they're talking
about it like such no this is the
smoking gun but a sheep guts in a thing
this is clear since he's wearing a
digital watch you got we can see the
zipper guys this in HD now
then I think like the filmmaker who
fainted came on so well no it's we had
to fake it because we've lost the real
footage but it's totally real classic
because real footage you haven't seen it
because we're law students we recreated
it fucking jackass
you know what I keep meaning to see
which I haven't yet is um I was recall
is it's not a documentary but it's a
biopic of the early days of National
Lampoon mhm
what is it called small and incredibly
loud okay someone in the chat is about
to tell me what it's what it's really
called it's on Netflix it was made by
David Wain the guy who made what had
American summer and it's called it's
called
it's called a subtle and futile gesture
no not subtle and futile gesture it's
clear is that it that's what it is a
futile and stupid gesture okay and it's
it's a Netflix made biopic of the early
days of national importance see people
on the chat are telling me to get
armaments armaments gives you five
blocks and you upgrade a card in your
hand for the rest of combat yeah which
is nice early on but as you move on
you're already upgrading those cards so
it makes this incredibly moot and you
only get five block yeah thinking about
Flex Giver
do you ever see the infamous Animal
Planet mockumentaries that aren't really
mockumentary they're just kind of faked
documentaries no Animal Planet made a
documentary two of them they made what
about mermaids
do they really yeah where they tried to
sell mermaids as being a real thing
that's great and they did another one
about megladon where they tried to show
that Megalodon was still alive and well
and they were very quiet about these
being completely fictional hmm and a lot
of stupid people bought it actually the
Beckwith town one isn't even the most
implausible thing in the world the
mermaid one is just completely fucking
bunkers and fun though yeah
didn't they also do one based on dragons
as well I think that one was one that
one fairly upfront during the program
about it being fiction though oh that's
right I get four to start with now I
chose a random relic and now I have my
first turn I get four
I think I think the dragon ones actually
has a segment up I could be
misremembering this weather up front
about it being fiction I think you're
allowed to see yeah not not not the
Megalodon one note that aired during
fucking Shark Week
I don't need any of them
upgraded armaments upgrades your whole o
arm but you have arguments no I was
talking to you about why I didn't want
armaments you weren't listening apparent
oh no I missed it I was thinking about
it little thing the chat about Animal
Planet and documentaries armaments you
were looking me in the eyes and nodding
you were like mm-hmm
I'm not getting in the way of your
strategies I just missed this fighting
you passed up armaments I was explaining
why I was passing up armaments because
it only lets you upgrade one card for
the rest of oh my god oh my god for the
rest of it I didn't realize you're
talking about armaments yeah no I
upgraded that that every card in your
hand if you've got a if you've got
something that gives you more cards
armaments is amazing hmm okay yeah
that's right that's right savio fresh to
another chance getting mad at me for not
bats backseat gaming gosh darn it
there's no winning rich there was
absolutely no winning I turned to you to
explain my strategy and in hopes that
you would you know either yay or nay my
my decisions all of shat was desperately
screaming that to him rich I I cured
more about the fig dinosaur documentary
maybe I'll get another chance oh here we
go
spot weakness it's a great card oh
nothing fits into your strats i have no
strats i just started okay I have no
strats or strength yeah like right now
my only strat is a slight strength strat
like is to go full strength but that's
not much of a strat you know if you'll
find something amazing at the shop and
will pair with what you're doing
we got here what do we got here we're
gonna get out of there searing blow can
be upgraded a number times I've never
done that but there's four HP gain to
draw three cards finesse this is what I
needed earlier this is what I needed on
my last run finesse gain to block draw
cards yes not bad to draw one card place
the card from your hand on top to drop
out that could work with oh that's too
late now
oh yeah with with the lasts with the
last thing but with with searing blow
and the one card that you passed up
because I wasn't paying any attention to
what you were saying they look really
really good together
because you could keep upgrading the
searing blow indefinitely so every every
time that card in your hand that venom
that that upgrade cards comes up you can
keep upgrading searing blow yeah so what
you're saying is I should get searing
blow and then try to get armaments again
you don't you yeah cuz this is right
here armaments is fairly common okay
yeah that's that's a fair plan anything
else in here not really five minutes
answer for each attack play this turn
deal one down they don't do nothing all
right that's fair we can do this we can
do this and we can upgrade searing blow
right away yeah and just it just keeps
keeps building up every time you upgrade
him another fire up there too oh that's
a good one I'll take it
take it
Jack upgrade searing blow at every
campfire we got it that's that's
dangerous to do though because sometimes
you're just low on health but yes oh
yeah I usually usually I don't use the
fires for health on the if I'm using a
fire for health in the first world I'm
doomed to failure anyway so usually I
don't was the best female video game
character I don't know
bayonet is not bad beta is fun like been
a fun babe
you know going on Sammis I was gonna say
going off of the prime series the one
that actually gave her character well I
suppose you know same as what was the
one where her character's fine just
being badass yeah yeah gave her a little
give her a little backstory little a
little voice was nice but yeah samus
shell yeah I'm just kind of an on
character I don't mind shell portal
shell is in the same boat as Gordon
Freeman where like that there they are
deliberately an on character so you can
be them yeah
I'm gonna put the do marine in that same
category up until doom 2016 and I'm
character feels like there's a
personality there now yeah that's fair
what was the most well-rounded video
game character pac-man thank you she's
gonna she's gonna be here all night
[Laughter]
well the the Jack delay was because
because I ain't like I'm a genuine
person and in my head for that like
three seconds I was actually like wait a
minute what's pac-man's characters
what's really get at me I was like I was
ready to enter into a conversation with
Richard about the pros and cons about
pac-man's characteristics before I
realized oh he's just because he's a
circle see not just a circle he's bald
oh this could be nice so again thinking
about armaments yeah
draw a three car yes yeah okay all right
all right if you find armaments that's
great well that's what that's what we're
going for that's what we're building
towards yes
keep doing it just keep doing it now
you're at 21 yeah that's pretty good
that's pretty good
yeah kind of got hosts oh yeah a lot of
defense I just really want I wanted to
at least kill the worm yeah no I don't
even think I'll be able to do that well
10 but then he puts new shield what do
me just go all defense I think I have to
I'll defense and then strike him once at
least optionally use the weak if you
don't want to lose any coins but
probably save that know I'm safe yeah
I'm safe say but I'll save that for the
boss oh yeah and I have my spikes my
scales so I do a little bit of damage
here okay
hot pants us hey guys love the stream
question if he could remake any movie
from the best of the worst series for
the proper budget and work behind it
which one would it be
we've we've had a movie like that on
best of the worst before we even
mentioned that right I know this has
happened well this could work if you'd
if you did this this event off the top
of my head yeah robot Jack's okay you
give that a decent budget that could be
a lot of fun yeah but you know that's
simple you just need another good
another good robot fighting you just
needed a second act action sequence that
wasn't climbing the electric rope yang
right
the sweeper that's one of them the
sweeper just ice organization the
vigilante and the insane car chases
where the highway kept exploding and the
cars we're still driving down the
highway normally did I see this you
might not have been there you might not
have been there edged weapons edged
weapons is perfect as it is I would not
change a fucking thing about edged
weapons
I'm a dummy I'm about to think I would
not want to alter shopping mall I would
not want to alter crazy fat Ethel
because that's fine that's funny because
it's nuts we're talking about something
that had a good premise it just didn't
have the budget didn't have the this
event yeah oh I think there's a lot like
what was the what was the one where the
guy was like you know putting together
his team we watch it we just watched it
recently yeah I I don't remember the
name Duncan Jack's it was that the guy
who am I thinking of something else I
don't know no I might be thinking of
order of the black eagle or the iron
eagle or whatever that one was whatever
one we just watched where it's just like
the guy but putting together yeah we get
the team but everything was done poorly
low blow no I just want to see more of
low blow I don't necessarily want to
remain low blow just want more low blow
yeah that's fair it's absolutely fair
[Music]
Joe kitty 0:01 says hey guys this game
looks like a browse heavily from
hearthstone ever play it I did play
hearthstone no this is a deck building
game and not a collectible card game in
a collectible card game you start off
with your deck already made and then
just your hands are what change in a
deck building game you spend the game
slowly crafting your deck two very
different things
though it like the the battle to battle
gameplay is seemingly the same very very
different things but I played
hearthstone and yeah I don't I don't
much care for collectible card games
because there's so much pay to win
there's so much pay to win and there's
so much like outside of game game
somebody I have seen somebody say
there's a mode for hearthstone now
that's more like like this hmm where's
it more there's a deck building mode
hearthstone now that's me I know very
little about this that's neat
Horace tone has a dungeon mode which is
pretty much this game oh okay well
that's cool
and that sounds like something I would
enjoy sounding the answer is we're not
familiar with it yeah I have hearts so
like hearthstone is on my phone right
now
twenty-four early access is a ripoff
then wait till it's not an early access
and I know why people bitch about this
if you don't like that something's in
early access avoid it till it's no
longer an early access your problem is
completely solved oh here we go and it's
on sale there you go there you go now
that's the one you need to upgrade yeah
yeah oh there's another Syrian blood
they're sharing below there I don't know
that's quite the awesome pairing it
sounds like cuz you only really need one
well you want to keep a lever there
there - yeah yeah I can't even use both
of them okay unless I have another card
okay do I want to remove another card
you got a lot of strikes just taking up
space so now we got a fire so we can
upgrade that armaments yeah 45 felt I
can pry make it in the first world yeah
okay okay I'll create all cars in your
hand for the rest cabinet yeah yeah okay
okay we got the makings here rich do you
want something I don't know if you're
gonna get the damage output you really
need for the endgame you you really need
to upgrade that searing blow every like
just about every fucking campfire right
right
[Music]
well let's see what we do we got we got
a push from that gives this extra energy
if we need it and I gotta use that week
whenever he I suppose I could just use
that now point and weaken him up let my
love been says to the jacks and the
Richards an order of preference were to
use list these three human traits
emotionality and physicality mentality -
metal first then body then a cold cold
heart I I don't I don't know maybe
mentality first I don't I don't have any
preferences like what yeah what are you
talking about man who hurt you
[Laughter]
intelligence is important
are these what we're looking for in like
a partner or
[Music]
[Music]
for six so if I wanted to I could use my
potion I'm gonna save my potion okay
just hit me for six and save my potion
yeah I already had four o'clock so it's
okay so now he's hitting me for twelve
Richwood a think of kids walking out of
class to protest for stricter gun
controls there they're doing probably
more good than the the memorial they
walked out of her talk during I didn't
hear about them talking during it yeah
man they got a bunch of kids who just
saw the friends die in front of them
they're angry and they want to do
something about it I think it's great
he's fucking great let these kids do
what to do man it's probably doing more
than the empty words you get out of the
memorial as assembly
12
forty let's hit let's go big let's go
big let's go big let's go big go big go
big you know what fuck it let's hit him
harder let's hit him harder rich
yes thoughts and prayers are utter
bullshit yes they were harmful thoughts
and prayers are harmful because they
make people think they're doing
something when they're in fact doing
absolutely nothing of any use to anyone
thoughts and prayers are more than
worthless they're harmful
[Music]
fuck
I'm dead
to be fair tweets are equally worthless
yeah I'm gonna play devil's advocate
here for a second okay
a tweets are almost worthless cuz it
could help spread awareness okay for
something what if your tweet is thoughts
and prayers worthless rich believes in
science science won't save anyone either
says somebody
oh wait that's a troll that's a troll
yeah that's troll alright strong rich
believes science won't save anyone
either
except for or did they kappa don't worry
that persons were trying to get my
attention by saying nonsense no okay I'm
dead I lost again I lost I'm this boss
again oh no I'm not dead oh my god oh my
god I forgot about is the thing oh shit
I got to completely rethink my shit now
what happened I'm not dead why did you
think you were dead
cuz he was about to hit attack me for a
whole lot 21 oh I win I win what I'm
winning yeah okay okay I win
holy crap I thought I was dead hey we
did it
Oh beloved says are we at a stage now
where Bruce Wayne could be gained in a
relationship with Robin it would add
more attention to any scene where Robin
gets kidnapped no no the same you know
what for the same reason that Batman
should not be in a relationship with bad
girl dude he's the mentor figure that's
a parent-child relationship if Bruce
Wayne wants to be gay that's great he
cannot date his subordinates yes no
matter what gender that's a whole
different dynamic that's like--that's of
Fifty Shades you're talking that's you
know so you're still out of luck I'm
sorry all right rich rich we have some
decisions to make
don't think about Megalodon yeah yeah
demon form you waste an entire term you
do but at the start of each turn you
gain two strengths double tap very nice
next attack is played twice double taps
only really worth it if you can upgrade
it but you've got the card that upgrades
cards right demon form oh that's so
tempting I don't know though it's so
tempting I can see yeah it's so tempting
ah but if I get double tap which I have
the card that upgrades cards then I
could play searing blow
twice in a row and my next attack twice
in a row although actually I really
should pick up another attack because I
oh I have almost no other attack like
besides my basic strengths you've
already got spot weakness for strength
yeah I do and flex so I don't
necessarily need more strength so I
probably need double that I did it I did
it okay I did it okay no more thinking
about it potions always drop after
combat
gained one energy at the start of each
turn but start combats with two wounds
in your draw pile when you would dial
heal 50% of your max HP instead usually
I don't get that I think I'm gonna get
that cuz if we can make it to the boss
okay okay that could give us our second
breath I'm gonna use that I think that's
the right call
I'm gonna use that if we can get to the
final boss that that could be the the
thing that that changes I didn't I
didn't see what the other ones were but
yeah well one is really nice it means
it's a guaranteed potion drop after
every battle yeah which you know you use
potions sure and then the other one was
you gain one energy use but then you
always have two wounds in your drop pile
which I don't you know that could that
could mess up any strats yeah that you
had I got a shop here okay so what do we
need to round out the deck we need we
could use another decent attack you know
we have this big strength one you know
what card I'm looking for now is there's
the card break is that Limit Break would
be great but there's the card that
triples any attack bonus you have yeah
does mega damage it's really good nice
you know what I'm talking about oh the
one attack card that it did heavy blow
or something heavy blow it does like 14
damage but then it multiplies whatever
multiplier you have by three well if you
upgrade if it's by five yeah and I'm
going yeah yeah so we we could use at
least one other good attack card cuz
right now I only have one good if you
look at you're looking pretty weak on
defense also a good defense card would
help yeah I mean we basically what I'm
saying is we have a long way to go but
we are more making our way downtown
walking fast okay here's a fire
one fire you're to fire your deck is set
up to build strength over time and
you're gonna get mauled before you get
to the the point where you have enough
strength to do did the DEF blows yeah I
know we got to stick to the edge here if
we stick to the edge we can hit four
fires okay here we go here we go what
did I get ten Danish all enemies great
close
it's like wait what's your potion like
tend to all anime so I can kill you know
what I think it's worth killing one of
them you think yeah
I think it's worth it I think that's
fair just save all my energy well yet
never gonna be twenty damn it you had no
shield so to Vox do-rag says hey guys
just wondering if you get that board
game I sent you
it's called amazing guy right here in
the play it's in the plastic it's in the
plastic Gill also if you had to cast
Bayonetta in a movie who would you pick
dream casting of course I'd have to
think about it Bayonetta someone British
the accents important the accents
important the accents important you can
do a good accent Cobie Smulders oh if
she could do a British I don't know if
she can I know I know she has the right
look to she has the right look gal gadot
no no no
now you know back in the day like during
during Tomb Raider era you'd say
Angelina Jolie she could she do decent
Bayonetta back in the day
what's her what's her name from Fight
Club Helena bonham-carter or what what's
your name Helena bonham-carter
yeah what do you think she's got she's
got some sass to her
still no still no
she does indeed have sass we're talking
dream casting like not not not
necessarily what they're like now right
I know I know she's probably getting up
there an age but I'm better the words
were disregarding that
Kate Beckinsale's when I've seen a lot I
flex you from I know the name from the
underworld movies oh well I've never
watched them
yeah should I be able to pull it off she
got a little sass to her Pamela Anderson
Nevada cannot be a bimbo also you needed
someone who's like a decent actress
Bayonetta is sexy but she is not a bimbo
panel Anderson can only play bimbos uma
could have pulled it off
uma totally could have pulled it off
back in the day me I've made some
mistakes I've made some mistakes rich
but that's okay we're still here
[Music]
what's tank girls named Lori petti no no
she's she's the cute one
[Music]
I don't like any of these I don't like
any of these clashes alright I'm okay
with clash don't take any of them I know
I just want you know clash is another
spot your hand where you need these
things that increase your strength to
come around as frequently as possible
probably don't want it you don't want it
let's see what these question marks they
have to offer
okey be 85 cents hey wreckers one of the
best debt tacos I've seen is lost soul
the doom journey of Richard Stanley's
island of dr. Moreau potentially good
film tank by the insane Brando and
asshole
Kilmer it's great
Jennifer Connelly I don't know that
Jennifer Connelly has the right amount
of sass I love Jennifer Connelly I love
me some Jennifer Connelly but yeah again
she plays she plays the kind of the most
he could you need you need more than
just the look yeah you need you need the
the right attitude can I do it I mean
I'm gonna do it
that might have been a mistake but
that's fine we're playing with fire here
people were playing with fire any
interest in x-files I'm struggling to
get through the current season isn't the
current season only six episodes 10
listen that doesn't bode well you be
fucked yeah but you know what it's fine
I'm a little fucker this time it's just
not fair when they're doing 23 damage
attorney let alone let alone 50 like
they do later it's just it's just not
fair
sometimes this game can be total
bullshit that's true
I think that's absolutely true sometimes
once mob bosses love the Star Trek
review even though I don't watch the
show shut this is I guess technically
this is spoilers were you serious about
the plan to the did from the last
episode and the last episode of Star
Trek Discovery I haven't seen okay
I've you know where I've got an even
plan to see it we've been watching it
and I hate it I fucking hate it so hard
rich you know we signed up for another
like free week yeah and we just got to
the point so little Star Trek discovery
spoilers right now we just got to the
point where they got back to our
dimension yeah and it did ruin lorca the
all the mirror like the mirror facade
went on for way too long
everything just happens way too long
it's so boring well that was that was
the best the show was I should kind of
like those episodes even though it
ruined a potentially great character in
marca for the sake of maze villain haha
okay now what do you got what do you
replace that with no no no but it was
like I got it as soon as as soon as that
got there they're like oh we're gonna
see we're gonna see our friends but
they're acting like villainy and like oh
it's tearing me up inside and then that
whole stupid the prisoner is the Klingon
bullshit oh I hated that but they're so
stupid and that was happening in there
and everyone's a villain and I hated
everything and it was just dour and
everything sucked I know I hated it
there and then they come back and it's
like okay we just got out of this awful
depressing mess let's go back to our
dimension and fucking do some sigh oh
the war all the wars ever
going to watch the rest you can spoil it
cuz I just don't care about that are you
going to watch yeah but I won't care but
you won't care my boy is the chat that
might people in the chat care that's up
to them okay okay it's a great fucking
show what's not to get the fact that
it's not a great show I don't know what
you mean by great if you want action
sci-fi it's been done much better I mean
just watch Farscape if you want to
action sci-fi the TV show
well you if you want so but let's say
you want something with like current
graphics and whatnot the there's the
expanse man it's there's fucking great
shit out there all over the place let's
take the the most unlikable and most
boringest character and let's make her I
lead I hated that the show is from her
perspective because that means they
can't do like just an episode and
engineering they can't because Michaels
not there like the ship is it's it's
supposed to be an ensemble show the ship
is our vision of our view into this
world but no we got to go through
Michael who's a dummy who's just a
gosh-dang dummy
I guess spoilers no they're not done
I'll just I'll just fucking go into it
they got a blow-up Chronos which one's
Chronos the Klingon homeworld they have
a suitcase bomb they're gonna put in a
volcano on Chronos to blow up Kronos
[Laughter]
perfect they for some reason yeah they
have evil giorgio as captain of the ship
for this mission
Starfleet's down with it its Starfleet's
idea Cornwall and and Saric are all on
board this blowing up the Klingon
homeworld idea and rather than just
having a trusted Starfleet captain do it
for some reason it needs to be the evil
Empress from the mirror universe
I love it it's great oh and I guess it's
a secret that they're putting a bomb on
Kronos even though it's clearly obvious
they're going to put a bomb and blow up
Chronos but then Michael Burnham has a
change of heart
Michael Burnham she sees the light Jack
suddenly because she was in love with a
man who might be a Klingon or was it
Klingon or wasn't a Klingon it was
turned into a Klingon where he's to
Klingon turn I don't know but because
she loved him now she likes the Klingons
doesn't want to blow them up and it's
Starfleet away they've from the
beginning of the episode from the first
for the pilot they EDD to the end of
they happens it's completely
flip-flopped now fuck this show and she
gives the the the detonator
to that one Klingon bitch so she can
basically hold the Klingon government
hostage and that ends the war oh and
then and then the enterprise shows up
what really yep fuck everything at all
alright we're done we're done you know
because that that romance that was done
oh so well oh the linchpin to everything
the romance between the non character
and the emotional void I'll let you
decide which was which I've been here
before written I don't want to do it
okay
you got fiend fire which is nice and I
and I have a decent deck where I'm like
growing in strength and building up
strength so like this could do mega
bucco damage right but also just like I
I could use just another card that just
does damage I have so few you know
here's like that 10 damage fiend fire
though fuck it fuck it let's do it
fuck it we're doing it I'm saying fuck
it fuck it we're doing it
you were starting Star Trek with little
to no knowledge of the entire thing
where would you start season 3 of the
next generation oddly season 3 season 1
is very very rough season 2 is hit or
miss season 3 if you like season 3 of
next gen that's what the series becomes
you know you know what you're in for
if you start with season 3 if you like
if you start watching season 3 and you
like it then you can go back and start
the earlier episodes with the knowledge
that it does get better
[Music]
interesting rich things just got real
things just got really interesting if I
can make it past this fight that is
for the only bad thing with watching
season 3 before one is cute episodes
will confuse you a bit
he's an antagonist space god there you
go I've just given you cues backstory
and they do a really good job of setting
up his power set from the get-go yeah
okay
madam says imbalance of terror the
Federation see Romulans for the first
time and shit their pants because they
look like Vulcans that was ignored an
Abrams Star Trek do you think Star Trek
discovery writers will honor canon these
people are funny right
it's people money
Nana says hey guys what's one game you
have fond memories of that you wish was
available on GOG or steam my pick would
be freedom fighters love that game and
would buy it on Steam in a heartbeat
the original MechWarrior apparently
spider-man shattered Dimensions which
used to be on Steam and now I want to
play it but it's not on Steam anymore
that's met warrior two though no
MechWarrior one man Meck Meck warrior
one the way they handled the story or it
was just kind of optional and you could
miss it you could miss the main story
question detention but that more--or one
was great obviously yeah yeah yeah
mechanics and combat why's there are
many improvements for for two but I
would I would love to see a remake of
McQuarrie or one you can negotiate your
contracts MechWarrior wanting it would
give you you like negotiate for a higher
percentage of salvage rights which would
give you incentive to not damage your
enemies too much because you were gonna
profit off of that shit
yeah
never played armored core rich I think I
played one of why don't know which one I
think I played a little bit of one of
them once and I wasn't blown away I
don't like that I get arrested but I got
arrested MechWarrior one you would like
find people you wanted a higher and
there's a lot of good things about
MechWarrior one them MechWarrior - I
can't stand the clans I didn't like that
MechWarrior - wanted me to be a member
of the stupid warrior race Otto Otto
fight for honor glory test of battle on
door yeah there was a mech warriors -
mercenaries I guess I guess an expansion
where I guess it's kind of an expansion
/ sequel okay but a little bit more
linear than mech warrior one on or
honor you say did not like being a
member of the clans in MechWarrior -
rich hates Klingons confirmed kind of
they're not my favorite villains by any
means
I'm on the ropes I'm on the ropes here
rich
yeah I'm on the goddamn ropes and so
every time I get to a fire I need to
spend all my time resting and I can't do
this thing I got I got this this relic
here so I can just up my my base
strength mm-hmm I want to use it or I
want to use the Smith to fucking better
my cards but I can't cuz I got to rest
all the goddamn time because I'm on the
fucking ropes
I try to watch TNG should I skip the
first one or two seasons I don't know
that you should skip them entirely my
entire point is that those seasons are
rough especially one like season 2 is
hit or miss season 2 has some of the
worst episodes of Star Trek to the next
generation but it also has some of the
best season 2 is a mixed bag okay I only
suggest starting at season 3 because I
think it's a much better reflection of
the rest of the series ok
oh that's right you confuse me Damon
this is gonna throw off this throws off
everything just throws off absolutely
goddamn everything rich
just start at one yes one and to have
some bad apps but if you're gonna watch
it all just start at one like why you
know why it's not like this the ongoing
story and you will be lost it's very
episodic and season what is crap
I can see season one scaring people off
and and see that's the so like I I
generally speaking yeah I'm a bit of a
purist and I like to start from the
beginning just so I can kind of evolve
with the show yeah I that's what I like
rich makes a very good point that not
everyone will have the patience to put
up with a show finding its way uh-huh
so you start with the good stuff then
you can always go back I'm with you you
go back once you know what it becomes it
okay I know what's coming and I can I
want to get through this though just so
I can say I've seen it all then you go
back and watch season 1 yeah
just started at the start knowing it
gets better and enjoy it for what it is
but if you're not a Star Trek fan to
begin with you don't you don't have any
hook to keep you around right you're
going you don't want to start with the
rough shit
measure of a man is in season two and
that's arguably arguably the best
episode yes I said season two is some of
the worst and some of the best apps
season two is very mixed
Farpoint terrible episode I'm sorry I
know it's the pilot it's not that good
it's fun date alors I know they
introduced Laura but it's really not a
good episode she's gonna vvill really
skin of evil one of the one of the worst
episodes of television not just Star
Trek but of television skin of evil
which one skin of evil the tar monster
that kills Tashi our measure of a man
that's season two and it's excellent q
who
q who season two and it's a great
episode because I said season two is hit
or miss I'm not saying never ever go
back to watch the first two seasons I'm
just saying
start at three so you get a feel for the
series and then you can go back here it
is this could be big people heavy blade
14 damage but strength effects heavy
blade three times that could be it that
could be it if I can if I can lat okay
so now here's the real question wrench
this this is the game breaker so I'm on
world - right
50 health yeah I can rest
I could upgrade a card or I could raise
my base strength by one where you want
50 health and I have a potion that heals
three HP at the end of each round where
are you at I'm at the boss this is the
fire before the boss oh you want to heal
for the first boss for the second this
is second you want to heal you think you
think you think I'm doing it all right
let's see the boss see the boss oh this
guy
how did data have sex potage ER he was
built with a penis
that right there is general knowledge my
friend every Star Trek series has one
episode that is so terrible so much
worse than the house buildable here's
the problem though season one they're
all that episode every episode of season
1 is awful god awful
[Music]
Jevons what is the worst TNG episode in
the series well you have to say the clip
episode right because technically it's
an episode absolutely
shades of gray
I always struggle sorry to derail your
it's not just for a second here I always
struggle with vulnerability
I love vulnerability you know so when
when an enemy is vulnerable it means
that they take 50% more damage huh and
so right now I could bash him for 11
damage and the next turn he'll still be
vulnerable so he'll have 50% more damage
next turn okay so that's a gamble if I
have good attack next turn which I'm
gonna have heavy blade I'm gonna have
spot weakness I could have a good attack
I could I could really fuck him up next
turn or I can hit him for 24 guaranteed
right now fuck up next turn if I come up
next to me so we're Star Trek episode uh
yeah actually somebody in the chat said
why would you build an Android with a
penis well here's the thing datum wasn't
really built for utility it wasn't built
to like stock the shelves at the grocery
store Dana was a passion project he more
of a child than a device yeah
Bank Pinocchio he's a real little boy
he's a real little boy
or I could end up 461
it's nice he was David was an art
project
right they were he was they were trying
to build a very human-like Andrew right
yeah yeah an art project more like a son
than a can opener
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
tiny door says advice for the game don't
read it if you don't want to lecture
know your mindset of having as small a
deck as possible is faulty you should
aim for around eight to ten extra cards
for best synergy and combos good luck I
think that's fair and to be fair that we
we you know we're speaking very simple
terms as far as smallest deck but when
you're dealing with probability here you
want to make sure that every card you
have can synergize with every other car
and like let's say I have these two
cards over here that synergize really
well together and then these three cards
over here that synergize well together
but the five don't necessarily work with
each other that's not necessarily a good
thing because then you might add up you
might end up with one over here and one
over here and then you just have to
mediocre cards and so the the idea with
keeping a small deck is making sure that
all of your synergies play well together
I feel like we're saying the same thing
it's basically basically where I'm going
with this okay we get you it's not about
having the tiniest deck
right-ho jeep says rich here is my idea
of how they could and I'm not sure if
this is a joke or not here's my idea for
how they could insert Kirk into season
two of Star Trek discovery have
discovery do an arc involving young
lieutenant Kirk on the Farragut fighting
the smoke monster from the original
series episode obsession why why do we
need to see what was essentially just
the backstory for a good episode of the
original series especially when we know
how it already ends why what what do you
get out of that
what
[Music]
what do you get out of that under a man
for what 88 or their sixth they're
saying double tap DoubleTap and heavy
blade sure oh I was just doing the math
to see if I did my two strikes
Oh cuz I could I could do heavy blade
twice or I could do both strikes twice
and so that's 44 plus 44 is 88 and heavy
blade twice is 107 106 oh yeah I was
just doing the math I'm with you don't
worry I'm with you like I'm not sure if
that was a joke
I could assume that was a joke spit
balling spit ball spitball marriage
we're all we're gonna see either
probably Kirk or Spock and they're gonna
they're gonna make a huge point of
pointing out how much better Michael
Burnham is than them you know it you
know it Jackie that at this at this
point I just don't care I like I don't
care about Michael Burnham I don't know
why they thought Michael Burnham was the
best for the world she's the worst
character and you know what if she was
just a part of the ship and like the
show if she was not the stars we thank
Karen for nobody likes and I'd be fine
because then you know the moody
character can come in and go oh I wonder
how the Rudy character is gonna have
x-ray vision that moody character right
and it'd be fine we'd go off and have a
Tilly episode next week everyone would
like it because Tilly's great yes but no
the show is centered around Michael
Burnham when every fucking other Star
Trek show has been an ensemble I know I
know she's gonna be so much smarter than
Spock Spock is gonna insists that a
thing and then Michael Burnham's gotta
correct him and Spock's not gonna listen
and the Michael Byrne is gonna have to
save the day because Spock fucked up I
can't wait I can't wait till they shove
that character I hate down my throat
some more
okay okay okay we got this we got this
we got this
[Music]
what if they write her out of the show
Allah Wesley I would be so done with
that we can braise this we can break it
we can brace one hit alright we got this
we got this we got this all we gotta do
is 56 all we got to do is 61 damage we
can do 61 damage right right
can't we can we not I don't know what
what's your what's your 26 yeah oh yeah
we won we won
nice nice nice we did it we won