Episode 968
Surviving Metal Weapons (Part 2)
March 3, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfkvC7ZtcNk
___________________________________________

why don't you change it in xsplit please
don't judge metal gear on this trash
look I like metal gear 5 I haven't like
the story in any of them
the story is crap yeah in all of them in
all of all of the metal games all of
them I wanted to get into the Metal Gear
Solid yeah I still wanted to it started
off really cool that cinematic opening
infiltrate the base and then more and
more melodrama and nonsense kept shoving
itself in my face uh-huh uh-huh and by
the end of the game I was I was fighting
my cloned twin brother and a robot ninja
I was like no this isn't what I signed
up for no but like I think it's
something you you've mentioned this
before or something people forget often
is we both recommended well Gear Solid 5
it was great and fine it was fucking
awesome man gameplay was fucking awesome
I have a question you have a question
rich why is it Metal Gear Solid I know
the okay well originally I'm just metal
gear right I don't care one into that
the 2d ones and then Solid was a very
singing was Metal Gear Solid that made
sense because the main character was
Solid Snake correct almost every other
game the main character has not been
Solid Snake for was the only other one
that had Solid Snake as the main
character the other the other times been
big boss once it was Raiden once it was
the guy who was not big boss but his big
boss some of the game dear ones I think
was big boss yet they still call it
Metal Gear Solid because that's the name
people know yeah yeah yeah yeah
three and five didn't have solids thick
you know damn well the the main
character of fucking fucking two was
Raiden was that Raiden jackass you
fucking know that
the story is not bad well this is a
matter of opinion and my opinion is that
it's hot nonsensical garbage hot like
sweaty nonsensical garbage when there's
a flying fucking flame whale that's what
I check out of your military espionage
game animating crap
but when you're badass one man military
army rides an actual unicorn there's
that's what we like to call garbage in a
sauna my friend well this game was a
fantasy game another military espionage
game wait wait you need to update it in
um in xsplit no it's over there and I
can't reach it they ride a unicorn in
Witcher 3 right and witcher 3 is a game
full of monsters and fantasy and big
things but metal gear at times it takes
itself very very seriously realistic
gritty war hear the details of war we
use the right abbreviations and then
nonsense happens right it's not a
consistent tone with Metal Gear I want a
consistent tone you could be
consistently silly consistently fazzy
just just pick your tone and stick to it
don't don't give me one than the other
right
look my love it says Jack do you get as
much entertainment from a hating as you
do from loving same with games some
badly designed games make me feel rage
and I like that emotion I think like no
matter what it's about
something big you know that's the
something oh my god what did you get no
I'll take that yeah not seeing their
intense I had that the first time I won
that is that as a fucking i amble right
there I had that the first time I won
yeah yeah so rich rich chose to get rid
of his relic and obtain another rare
relic so his relic gives him six health
at the end of every battle which is big
deal this relic gives you one extra
energy but now you can no longer see if
the enemy is going to attack or block or
do it a do an effect which is really
important but in any case it's all
there's nothing worse than
middle-of-the-road when something is
like a kind of good kind of bad but not
really in an interesting way that was
that's the big problem with Justice
League outside of the fact that it was
made by two directors with vastly
different visions overall Justice League
is kind of like it's bad but it's not
interesting but it's not like Batman V
Superman bad Jack did you know I'm a
whiny bitch because I don't like metal
gear storytelling any way shape or form
I've any of the meaning to tell you that
yeah okay I've been really meaning to
tell you that oh hey that's nice
remove a card from your deck and so like
no I like if a movie is really fantastic
or a game is really fantastic I will
talk and love how fantastic it is like
you know I will make you know say 20
minute video is about how much I love a
game or you know I'll talk about why
something works really well for a long
time I'll be really excited about the
same if it's really bad it's bad in an
interesting way the tone of Metal Gear
is not supposed to be consistent that's
still what I do
like about I don't care if it was
designed to be that way to think it's
designed to be is the thing I don't like
hence I don't like metal gear the rich
you're supposed to like it
the way they like it or not like it the
way they don't like it I mean you're
rocking it so far yeah cuz you got that
extra yep hmm interesting interesting
I noticed rich plays his cards and does
not differ over each one Jack I'd take a
little more time think about I like to
reread stuff make sure it's really you
know in my brain so I know some people
don't like Dead Rising but I don't
insist they have to like Dead Rising
uh-huh
and I don't insist that I don't insist
that Metal Gear should be altered to fit
my whims I'm perfectly happy to leave
Metal Gear alone
I really am just what we're doing we've
review we talk about things that sorry
that's the only reason I'm playing it
right now right it's our job to play
games and then make a video about what
we what we think about the game not what
everyone else thinks about the game it's
not our job to tell you how you feel
about the game it's about what we feel
about the game someone's way up on
you're nuts man
how soon can we expect the review I'm
gonna I'm gonna try I was gonna talk to
her about that later but I'm gonna try
to to push us to record something this
week then I'll take me a few days to
edit so probably next week right get a
survive you I don't know if we'll be
able to like do it Tuesday we got
something on Wednesday but we might be
able to push it out and record on
Tuesday maybe Thursday Tuesday no
Tuesday no no Thursday no also oh okay
Friday that's fine okay Tuesday Thursday
no so Friday yeah and then right after
that we got to play into the breach the
the new game by the FTL designers oh
fuck yeah it's my weakness no but you
don't know if they're attacking I
there's some enemies you just kind of
know what they do they're pretty
consistent sure sure
well I'd rather have demon form but I'll
take what I got yeah yeah yeah let's see
here fluff salamander thank you for the
tip I appreciate that I'm going to enjoy
this immensely since I currently have
the goddamn flu so please take my money
have either of you played the dead of
winter board game could make a fun board
game stream have you better dead of
winter board no rich can you go into the
menu real quick and see if the music is
up on the game they're saying they can't
hear it probably because I have it
turned off yeah you do give it all the
way down
let's make it even louder yeah go there
for everything for everything
how's that because we haven't pretty
turned down probably comically loud now
we'll see
I want to say this is what Metal Gear
was at for us it's good sounds good
sounds fine
great great I do like the music in this
game
I'm getting a lot of it's fine it's
perfect it's a bit too loud that's what
I'm getting in the chest yeah so we will
we will see but dead of winter no I've
not I've not played the dead of winter
board game I've never even heard of the
dead of winter board game so it's
probably dance Wester oh yeah nice
oh yeah
done
if you play attack this turn game for
block that that one sucks just cuz it's
just this turn but I you know oh you're
right just get rid of it you just bought
it you just might get rid of it now
that's a oh no you can't get rid of
stuff in fires in nice nice Achilles
trader I've seen Black Panther I've seen
Black Panther twice now and I think it's
really good I think it has some problems
but overall it's really good III when I
when I watched it for the second time I
was specifically looking for any sort of
artsy fartsy bullshit in the action
sequences and I might have come up with
something but I I wanted a little more
of that I wanted a little more story
integration in the action sequences and
but I think that's lacking in a lot of
action movies that's not just black
panther that's that's a lot of action
movies nothing will compare to how
amazing Iron Man 3 is in that regard but
but overall I liked it I think it's I
think it's a good movie it's a good
story
even though I generally don't care about
kings and Kingdom bullshit they were
able to pare it down into something very
simple and and relatable so
and that's right and he's the only
superhero that fights for children
that's absolutely true
did I notice any bad CGI in Black
Panther it seemed pretty standard the
the final fight scene was maybe a little
math II him versus kill monger and when
they were when they were underground
there's a little bit of man in there but
pretty I mean it's all standard it's all
the same shit I'm I don't want you to
like Metal Gear I want you to understand
it I understand it perfectly I just
don't like it I'm sorry
I hate the goofiness when it's B I'm
silly now no I'm serious now it's silly
no I hate it I can't it hate it and it's
okay if you like it man it's okay you
don't have to make other people like to
shoot you like you just can like it you
know you do you dog you do you
[Music]
the enemy does not intend it to attack
rich I mean I could afford to use all my
cards anyway it was worth checking well
absolutely
absolutely let's see here boo drew says
hey guys loving the stream I hate to ask
you to say something but can you yell at
me to go to the gym I want to use it as
my alarm on my phones that your fetish
they want to use it as their alarm on
their phone rich what do you think this
is up to you cuz obviously he wants you
to yell at him go to the gym that's what
I got all right you're out of the
fucking gym get up go to the gym
dickhead hopefully that helps
that was great well great glad we could
help
have you guys seen the trailer for uncle
drew I saw the trailer for drunkle drew
before Black Panther today yes
not necessarily my kind of movie it's a
movie we're about old men playing
basketball starring former basketball
stars as old men mmm I want to I think I
can take them 30 health
I got a regen potion Oh still new but
what are you gonna upgrade bash
upgrading shields is underrated it's
underrated great you're crazy man we're
going we're going all risk we're going
risk you're crazy man
sweet Jabez re crisp
[Music]
[Music]
starring old men as older men uncle drew
[Music]
but you got to do it you got to do 21
damage to get him to better off the
three-strikes - better off using the - I
think no matter what you'll be fine
right yeah no matter what I'll be fine I
just
look what I'm wondering what my best bet
is well that adds boner ability which
yeah yeah oh well you still got him
that's the important part you got him
Jack do you think that the Black Panther
was the least interesting character in
his own movie
same with Batman doesn't make a
difference whether not the movies good
or bad it's true
and I wouldn't call him the least
interesting character because you have
some characters that are just literally
OneNote like more minor characters that
are one note like Angela Bassett his
mother she's one knows the the the the
great the the guy who the king of the
mountain people is pretty OneNote no I
kill monger is a more nuanced and
interesting character the villain which
by the way we get an interesting villain
in a Marvel movie thank you before this
point we can't we can't keep saying that
it's not it's past that point
but are we but are we but yet so kill
monger was more interesting and nuanced
than to Chawla but I still I still liked
two challahs shtick I liked his deal
I liked him figuring out how he as king
is going to rule over his people so
[Music]
but I'm kicking his ass oh my god your
murder izing him
you're absolutely murder izing him yeah
great job
commander gur has an interesting story
as a character I thought he was boring
uh a lot in the movie that it did feel
like a lot was left on the cutting-room
floor both kill monger and I'm terrible
at remembering names you know the the
leader of his protection squad and her
husband I felt like there was a whole
section of the movie of their
relationship that was missing because of
their interaction near the end I would
have loved more with them I would have
loved more with kill monger but you know
you can't you can't have a four-hour
movie but first cut was four hours I
would absolutely believe that what I
think of Andy Serkis oh man he was
having fun you know Andy Serkis doesn't
get to be him a lot in movies usually he
plays you know CG characters so he was
having a good time
he was having just a ball and I thought
he was great
you can't have a for our movies Lord of
the Rings would like to have a word sir
Touche it's not every movie can be Lord
of the Rings now is it like everyone was
good all like all of the actors were
really phenomenal and overall I really
liked it I've but of you know I had my
issues like with everything just like I
had my issue with thor ragnarok and not
necessarily caring about the citizens of
Asgard I didn't necessarily care who was
king of Wakanda but they made it
relatable so it's good
yeah we'd good
[Music]
all right what do we got here valiant
bloodshot says Jack there is a new
Harbinger story coming called the life
and death of Toyo Harada it is meant to
wrap up a lot of the Josh dark Dysart
storyline from Harbinger and Imperium
preview art look it looks good great I
got to get back into the that's not so
bad
that's 20 oh but you don't have regen
you don't have health regen anymore shit
[Music]
I need to get back into valiant it's
been a while since I've read anything of
theirs
why are you getting six energy now
another artifact
shit shit dog he's above wasted yeah
shame oh don't forget your regen potion
there's a bad idea not a bad idea
I'm hexed your hex yeah so every time
you use a non attack card one day's goes
into your drop I'll ship shit yeah
shit
shit oh that's okay I mean you get a
couple days you're gonna are gonna
murder anyone
[Music]
shit
yeah worth it
let's see here rich heaviness says
wonder if you guys have seen the way in
and press conference promo for Freddy
vs. Jason fifteen years ago yes what why
would we have seen this it's hilarious
also which game made the worst decision
by going open-world happy streaming I
have no idea but no what is this the
Freddy vs. Jason weigh-in yeah like they
do for boxing matches
that's very sick we have a little press
conference in there they're sitting on
either side of the room yeah yeah and
usually usually the boxers will stage an
argument to build hype for the fight
sure of course and they did that with
Jason and Freddy Jason raises his
machete towards oh sure
Georgia Freddy in there to break them
apart I kind of that kind of thing very
silly it's cute lick my love bit says
aliens are going to blow up our lovely
planet but wait if they say we can show
them three things that are quite nice
they will move on
what are those three things have fun oh
that's got to be so crazy cuz like
aliens won't care about like puppies or
naked ladies or
sunsets in the meadow because they live
on an alien world and I'll just show
them those things like I don't care
about those things and blow us up anyway
right
which of the two bosses did I beat the
shapes the the donut won the dough new
in DOMA or whatever their names are okay
and that was the timeless one no no the
one that the one that has the time power
where you'd only played 12 cards it's my
beat oh I have not beaten the awakened
one what double a card yeah
power through right add to MCM game fit
I mean 15 block ain't nothing to sneeze
like that I got a fall and if you go
with evolve absolutely then you just
then you just keep adding cards to your
deck or to your hand until you get to 10
of course till I get the 10 no matter
that the thumb follows you might have so
many wounds that you get the 10 and most
your hand is still still wounds
absolutely or I could I mean strength is
not a bad thing right but you can't see
if they're attacking so that that's a
huge gamble that's failed me once yeah I
think what you need these are all your
cards what attacks do you have do you
just have regular attacks for the most
part then you might want to just go
strength yeah and if you duplicate spot
weakness + defense is so important
defense is very that's a shitload of
block for one I agree I'm doing it you
Gaga Jesus Christ
yeah none of them attack the first turn
none of us is rich why don't you stream
more it's room 20 you could really build
a following and make some cash doing
this more consistently says anonymous
oh that's as an anonymous person on the
Internet okay thanks anonymous endo Grum
says now that you aren't playing metal
gear I figure you are missing all the
constant alerts
I got you dawg rich be aware your
stamina your life is low oh I'm sorry
waiting I'm not doing it correct rich be
aware of your stamina no your life is
low maybe you should stop eat just just
stop something
it's great it's great
20:21 too many wounds yep you got you
got a lot of wounds
but I also got a shit ton of cards out
dumbass right absolute dumbass yep
you can kill one of them right no oh
yeah you can you can I can I should have
had enough to kill one of them and get
some block um yep that was gonna hurt
and I I totally deserve it
yeah yeah that was your fault that was
your fault completely
nice yeah I could have been better
should have been better
should have been yeah you took a hit you
took a real hit there how many strike
cards you have yeah
but all of your cards containing strike
not just in your hand just three in your
deck plus three four I'm sure it's in
your deck look at your deck right now
how many strikes do you have ten damage
to all isn't terrible
that's not also not terrible especially
if you go against those little worm
things that are each only ten but
question is am i filling up to fighting
an elite that's that's the question
yeah first hour and a half of the stream
was Metal Gear Solid survive
we got sick of that right no quick can't
wait to play more for the episode I
actually do have some things to say
about it yeah perfect strike is for
everything that says strike in your deck
and it can be a pretty powerful card
oh that's right you're confused sounds
like wait a minute why are all these so
expensive yeah
the snake Oh damn snake Oh Jack do you
care about ant-man and wasp I love Paul
Rudd and I love Evangeline Lilly so I'm
probably gonna enjoy it
the first ant-man movie he was like a it
was like a but uh you know so maybe
maybe it'll be good I'm gonna watch it
I do I do love Paul Rudd yes Paul Rudd
is is a national treasure yes and we
need more Evangeline Lilly in our life
what do you do rich I don't know what
are you gonna do I don't know
I mean I said I say go elite fire I have
40 help yeah also don't listen to me
because you were the what you have beat
this game more than I have
that's true so you know make your own
path
[Music]
you helped a health that's fair that's
fair
yeah yeah oh yeah that that's right that
the one on the edge there is the one
that puts entangle on you so that you
you can only defend is there twitch
integration for again yeah I kinda want
to beat her on my own
I appreciate it I just didn't even know
I just didn't even know
that's how that's how up on the game I
am
bing-bam-boom they don't do all right my
hand is not
oh Jesus
oh my god it's a lot of them so my gourd
that's a whole lot of whoops well I mean
you're guaranteed to get 10 cards every
single fucking turn now so that's good
oh my god oh my god
that's so many wounds it is
Oh
I'm good to go with some cards and
exhaust now I know I just have to find
one it's cursed cards can now be played
playing a curse make you lose one HP and
exhaust the card I don't intend to get
any curse cards so don't you don't your
wounds counties cars cards no no that's
a status card all right I think we got a
heal
fuck yeah you got a heal yeah doesn't
hurt yeah I need something that gets me
big damage big damage they call me big
damage oh yeah oh yeah wait what are
those uh what are those relics she was a
power card and there you start with that
power card in your hand not bad what's
her power cards I might do that
juggernaut and I might do that what else
again well this evolved sure that's a
big part of my strats and if you start
with that in your hand
well there you go there's your strats
just avoid the fight yeah what's fun in
that
what is the fun in that
Jebus you didn't start off slow there
did your motherfucker
[Laughter]
nope see lick my love it says Jack would
you play a hero or a villain if you were
a comic book character your expressions
of rage are entertaining to watch but I
can also imagine you crying over puppy
videos on YouTube you see the puppy
video thing yeah that makes me a hero
crying over puppy videos I think I would
be the villain crying over puppy videos
while my demeanor is that of a hero I
think I have the look of a villain rich
I you know bald men are villainous
that's just how it works
yes because I'm also the dead ringer for
the ant-man villain or the villain from
ant-man yes six damaged already that's
great
so 26 plus 13x 30 40 40 damage kill one
of them
well I'd killed this one specifically or
I could severely injured this one
well the cultists isn't gonna hurt you
this round he's gonna do six damage
that's what the cut that's the first
strike is six damage but then he will
you know he grows in power every turn so
I would say get rid of the other one as
soon as he can also just smart not to
listen to me you're the one that's the
only one I can get rid of right
damn
okay I know I'm gonna have a ton of bad
shit in my deck yeah yeah I made the
right call I made the right call all
right
yeah yeah I'm with you to stream hosts
neither are talking what are you talking
about we just went into why I'm a
villain talking about that two seconds
ago just just don't it's fine Jack it's
fine
[Music]
I'm yeah we waited for the chat and then
I was dead silent for a minute it
happens man I read were paying attention
to the game it happens
Tiberius what are you gonna do we're
free use I got it milady
you got I got him oh I get immolate I'll
be fine you'll be fine
fine you know elites know oh god I
probably should've taken the elite right
right well yeah I mean you get you get
at least you know you get two rounds
before you're absolutely murder lated so
that's something
or something that's somethin ya know now
they're all gonna buff up and then
they're each gonna do six damage next
round because that's how they were right
so cuz that's how this why this is why I
don't mind taking spot weakness when you
know you know what's something you just
know what some of them are gonna do yeah
yeah I'm with you I'm with the anonymous
is wondering if you guys have played
Celeste
it's a fucking phenomenal game and
Jackie would love the soundtrack also
please stop playing this fucking shit
every stream you hack frauds love you
buy this or metal gear survive listen
one we eat what we like to know I have
not played Celeste and I actually I'm
not interested and it's a pixel graphic
hardest balls platformer and I'm not
interested for some reason I really I
have no idea why I'm not in it sounds
right up your alley yeah I'm just not in
the mood I'm not in the mood and I can't
explain why
gotta be in the mood
[Laughter]
oh geez good
[Laughter]
nice
nicely done rich thank you when we lost
like ten health
not bad
you rested yeah sure that's there
the only thing that makes him vulnerable
oh you do you have them bag of marbles
nice oh yeah although all the enemies
start at vulnerable so yeah if you hit
him hard in the beginning you do some
decent damage you need a previously
recorded review before I can form the
official dev Johar opinion on this game
we already did one dev jar on this game
we did a review already he talked about
it and after the review we're still both
playing it which I think speaks higher
[Music]
he summons new minions right yes but I
think that also eats up a turn of his
summoning new minions I hate this boss
mm-hmm I'm with you
I really hate this boss that's fair
[Music]
thanks tired core
Lichtman love--but says in regards to
richard i could imagine him laughing
over a person falling hard on their face
and also secretly giving money to
charity or helping out at a homeless
shelter so so I saying rich would be
like a hidden hero a hero in disguise
secret identity yeah yeah yeah like some
kind of superhero but in real life you
have to act like a real jerk just to
throw everyone off the scent Oh like
that can't be rich he's an asshole he
would never be a hero but you really are
a hero there's a lot of damage yeah I
get it took a little one out
oh yeah that's a bad one it's fine it's
fine it's fine
[Music]
[Music]
so this next turn is your pen midterm no
I hope I hope heavy damage comes up to
look oh and there and he's vulnerable
uh-huh
oh wait you have Emily all right okay
I'm home
oh that's just exhaust one card yeah
[Music]
that's nice that's nice I thought that
was the ditch all of your cards and do x
per card ditched all right not bad not
bad
oh shit it's alright it's alright okay
and now theoretically he might spend
this turn dying dying say dying he might
be he might repins the correct answer
check yeah fucking dying
[Laughter]
[Music]
what do I have that gets exhausted do
you have anything nothing worth what is
nothing worth bringing back what does
etheral mean which one your ghostly oh
it goes away if I don't use it really
that's interesting that's you know one
one energy 10-block oh wow that's decent
oh yeah you're gonna use that all the
time I hate that I hate losing I hate
losing health maybe if I had Reaper sure
I don't have Reaper I'm not doing that
you don't need I want to go through my
cards though you don't need to rich do I
need bludgeoned you you have the mega
you know you have ways to get so much
attack but then you also have that other
car that does so much attack and does
theoretically more because it multiplies
with your attack bonus having another
mega attack here's okay here's the worst
here's why I'm not sold on taking
bludgeon okay bludgeon is 32 damage yeah
that's a lot of doesn't owns a lot of
damage and you have your mega attack you
have your spot weakness I have the spot
weaknesses once you Conan the extra
damage from that you're almost more
efficient using three strikes than you
are bludgeon once hmm
you may be right you might be right what
does plugged into if you upgrade it like
what's my what's my strength is it like
at like 12 right 12 which is easy to get
to I got like three spot weakness cards
right three strikes is more damaged for
three energy yeah
then one bludgeoned well then don't take
it then don't fucking take it
it's that 42 upgraded they're saying
I've been doing it's also it costs three
I know it's the I mean I got a lot of
energy yeah I'll take it
oh Jesus Christ take it Jesus I know
heavy date I know heavy blade is my big
head yeah bludgeon might be able to take
out something week early mmm that's true
that was my wound not with all the
wounds I'm acquiring that wood that's
full
that's a fool yeah it was errand it's a
good it's a good room normally normally
as many wounds as I'm deliberately
taking on it's a bad idea because
basically your cards don't go away which
means your wounds don't go away either
right and I need my wounds that go away
and come back cuz I get wound you get
more cards but then the one just stays
in my deck I'm not getting more cards
from it and more wounds are gonna pile
up yeah it's a bad idea bad choice I'm
having a lot of energy but that says you
cannot plain how often played more than
six cards I don't know how often this is
the question to ask yourself because
well like if you have so many wounds you
could really theoretically only can play
a couple of cards having another energy
might not hurt but only playing only six
cards I'm doing it you're doing it I'm
doing that shit dog shit dog
what's alright this is our round I could
already tell that's over out right here
it's all the questions and the elites
and one fire no two fires ah I can make
that work I think
oh yeah maybe I go veer right hit this
fire okay questions yeah and he did hit
a couple shops that way
this is now level 3 notice the
background we are now we are now in the
pit or whatever it's called this is
level 3 this is the final
[Applause]
[Music]
you're doing it you're doing it rich
ooh I was dumb what I could have oh no
that was enough yeah you killed you
killed him you're fine
yeah I'd say it's working pretty well
what do you got here
carnage do 18 damage deal damage equal
to your current block that's a zero cost
whenever you lose HP from card gain
lunch drinks you have any cards that
make you lose HP I don't think so
[Music]
is there any relic that reveals the
encounters on the map before you enter
them that'd be a nice option if they
could bounce it properly I don't believe
I've never run across one that does that
but nice nicely done you need there's a
relic that every time you kill an enemy
you gain one energy in one card maybe
that's good for the little guys so close
[Music]
a deck my deck isn't too fat my deck is
just fine
nipple bag deck is just fine a nipple
bag maybe you guys should talk about
something interesting in chat and then
I'll talk about it I'm reading chat I'm
here reading it it's always the case
they always complain that we're not
reading the chat when they're talking
about Star Wars or some bishop that we
don't feel that we're here we're reading
it just not necessarily paying attention
you don't know saying step up your game
nipple what a nipple bag right you're
like you're talking about my beard who
cares about that where can we find your
music I don't know on my youtube channel
I have some live stuff that I did we
were called the king's horses actually I
think on my youtube channel there's even
a live version of a song we did with
Jesse's but that might have been as a
different band even and I kinda I forget
that band name what that band was but I
know I know into the breach is coming
out I've already talked about that it's
coming out we're not going to stream
right away I that's a game that both
rich and I are interested in because we
both love FTL so that might be the
review after Metal Gear survived it'll
be great
[Music]
[Music]
I can use Reaper
you could use Reaper especially with
your strength build right now absolutely
I mean it's not the most strength
they're getting good strength
[Music]
yeah so the offer is to lose 221 gold
and the shops might have might have a
card that you play well yeah
[Music]
you can do it
yeah you need it you need either the
cardboard burn Jedi mom that's here
whenever you gain block deal three
damage to a random enemy enemy oh you
have to choose a card or Yap to lose
ghostly armor plus lose juggernaut lose
cleave oh yeah that's gotta be gender
not I think so
you know it does a little bit of damage
here and there ghostly armor is a lot of
shield huh I don't want to get rid of
those rammer and you don't want to get
rid of cleave
oh wait what's cleave Plus is that the
one that does damage to multiple enemies
oh except juggernaut right juggernauts
got to be the card we get rid of oh it's
got to be Dugger net all right all right
I'm seeing a lose jug yeah lose it lose
that jug yo what do you got for me what
do you got to make me double your
current block that ain't bad you don't
necessarily know what they're attacking
for so it could be useless but another
bludgeon that's what you're thinking I'm
getting six energy your turn
thanks doc that's true I suppose that's
true question is do I want double my
block
could be nice
but also like your filling your deck
here that's fun this is the strip this
is the Strand no stret yeah I have a lot
of energy yeah then I can play cards
with and you have I have some power-ups
that let me go through my deck really
quickly so I have a lot of cards in
front of me at one time yeah yeah
I want expensive powerful cards here's
here's the other thing we need to take
into an account there is another shop on
your path I only got 70 gold left i I
know it's on sale for 33 I'm probably
not gonna be by the time I get there
yeah I'm I'm I'm almost certainly going
to pass it up but I'm not gonna do it
I'm not gonna do without thinking about
it absolutely I'm just trying to lay out
all your options here
remember that rich also has the cheap
block cards I can't gain potions because
one of the things one of the relics I
have that gives me extra energy keeps me
from obtaining potions Oh interesting
rich has two cards that make him gain a
lot of block for cheap and then if he
doubles that block he can withstand a
lot of attacks but we don't necessarily
know when the enemy is attacking damn
you jack what god damn you you what I'm
just laying it all out rich I can't
afford to remove card I I went with
bludgeon I don't regret it
okay that's fair
these twits
one of them is probably attacking jack
how did I fuck up this run they're
blaming me already rich they're bailing
me rich doesn't listen to anything I say
[Music]
I thought the idea was not to listen to
Jack that's why I'm given that's why I'm
making sure I put out my ideas so rich
knows what not to do Oh
[Music]
well I'll keep you down down ish you'll
see you kick this game's ass on Thursday
not on Thursday it won't be Thursday now
that I think well actually it might be
Thursday should be a real light stuff
though maybe Tuesday I don't know we'll
see once sometime this week I will do a
late-night stream they slave the spires
or no sleep til a
[Music]
gobbledygook says who's to blame who's
to blame what's his name we know his
name his name is mr. boos mr. boos mr.
b-double oze don't ever choose any game
you play with him you lose
cheers kiss a Jigglypuff says I missed
the intellectual insight on the stream
what are your thoughts on basic income
citizen income thanks for the stream
guys I think we've talked about that on
I think it's a good idea I think it's a
I think it's more important they're
gonna be necessary with the rise of
automation and I know some some
countries are testing out simple
versions of basic income now so well
we'll get to you know see how their
experiments go and then completely
ignore them as we always do
[Music]
did it
we did it rich juice creep up you could
use Reaper
I'm not gonna get great
[Music]
you're not gonna get it
you got another shop coming up could be
in the shop I'm not gonna get what I'll
Reaper yeah
[Music]
you hope I see what hunchback Jack what
am I seeing
I'm waiting to see what you say
remember when rich made fun of Reaper I
look I was totally wrong I'll admit when
I'm wrong and I was totally wrong about
Reaper spire till you expire I like
expired to the exam that's nice
every time you take a hint give you a
little damage back well doing something
especially if you have decent shield
because then you still get back it's
fine everything's fine everything's fine
[Music]
it's fine yeah everything's fine
anyway rich any interest in car racing
Sims like Forza or Gran Turismo no
really more of a Mario Kart person
myself like that Mario Kart
the we haven't talked about the slight
dumb oh did you yeah
we have not talked about into the breach
yet because we haven't played into the
breach yet because it doesn't come out
until Tuesday but I'm I think I can say
with certainty that we are definitely
going to play it because we both so I'm
so dumb what did you do I should have
used a shield before I killed the one
that exploded yes yes you should have
yeah why am I so dumb you know cuz
sometimes you get into the moment rich
and you just wanna you want to do the
thing that you see right away without
taking your time and who was making fun
of me earlier for taking my time and
reading each one of my cards before I
play because I don't want to make dumb
mistakes chat I think that was you
Holy Mother of God
[Laughter]
yeah that's right dream it's okay you
were
all right what yeah could really afford
anything anyway are you Oh God oh Jesus
Christ the my everybody
[Music]
no something-something absolutely what
product do I used to wax my head rich is
what the chat wants to know this is why
I don't always answer what the chat asks
cuz they ask stuff like what do I use to
wax my head no no I just I want to say
that out loud for the other people in
chat who's like why don't you really
care all the time
it's cuz people ask dumb shit o pendant
waited some extra should've waited till
next time absolutely if a bludgeon comes
up I'm gonna feel really dumb yep yeah
yeah you know we live and we learn it's
true that's true that's the great thing
that's the great thing about the game is
you know you can you can kind of learn
from the mistakes you made
[Music]
hunchback Jax's rich is your sister's
audio book out yet
and if so do you know the details I
think it is I don't know the details I
don't even remember the name of it she
says she mentioned the name yeah
during the strings are books so she
mentioned the name I think was the bunny
[Music]
Bunnicula where the revit involved
somehow but it wasn't to make you love
[Laughter]
I'm real useful you're doing great rich
you're doing absolutely great he's gonna
hurt
[Music]
so yeah someone will have to go back to
that stream and figure out what that is
[Music]
and to whoever said ask the question in
Chennai scroll past I plan on getting
Dark Souls remastered for the switch
because I would like to play that on the
go that's something I could see really
enjoying on the go Dark Souls
oh I got no you give me Knobloch
Knobloch
[Music]
dad
how often do you truly play on the go
very often whether even even if just on
the go means in the bathroom because you
know sometimes that's what it means but
I mean remember that I have children and
so it's very often that I have to take
them to an activity and then twiddle my
thumbs for a half hour forty-five
minutes while they partake in that
activity and then you know take them
home so it happens to me quite often at
first of all nice trip thank you thank
you you took care of that efficiently so
for me is it oh my god there you're here
it's happening it's happening rich the
doughnuts you got to do I never get
these guys you know who I always get is
the wolf you ever get the wolf who comes
back here's like a second oh yeah the
awakened one sucks it's horrible he
sucks
oh my god
so they're they're fucking you up
already um yeah this is probably this is
probably not going to end well I don't
have I just don't have the health right
we're gonna fight oh yeah do it do it
make it happen
well shit you did the pendant thing
again right Oh
[Music]
Giddins oh I play overwatch every once
in a while I've been playing this a lot
and recently trying to get as many hours
into Metal Gear survived as I can so I
actually have not played overwatch in
maybe we could say goodbye rich there's
a good round I think take your time take
your time to think about it take your
time to think about it take your time
man
[Music]
Mattia one yes FTL is on iPads and by
the way it plays great on an iPad plays
oh Jesus
plays super great on the iPad if you
don't have FTL and to have an iPad it's
not on Android devices yet it's fine
it's fine okay
[Music]
it's not fine it's not fine it's great
it's not fine it's not fine wait no no
it's not fine oh god the donut defeated
you rich the donut defeated you
I needed that Reaper yeah the game knew
that you made fun of it and you doubted
its power and now it's not fully
embraced the Reaper I like after that
night yeah and see now that you've said
it live again the game will know now
that you've said it live beaten by the
dough no guts okay
this chat is now saying god damn it jack
Thank You Chad that was my fault the
first relic defeated you not knowing is
so hard I completely disagree that that
having a ton of energy is what was
keeping me in it I I don't mind that
trade-off right
once you've once you've played this game
enough mm-hmm you get a feeling you kind
of remember you know their patterns like
this enemy well he always does this then
his first attack then right and I don't
disagree with my first well what the
question is chat is wood rich had acted
differently knowing that he was about to
die there because he knew he was gonna
die it's not like you had shield cards
and didn't use them okay so yeah I'm
pretty much able to use every card I had
every turn right exactly and you had
three spot weaknesses if someone wasn't
you know if you there were multiple
enemies and someone wasn't you could try
multiple enemies I think that was a good
run that was a really good run what time
what time do we start what's their up
time yo we got another hour to go I
think o'problem yeah probably what's
your run yeah I could do a run how you
doing Ron I'm gonna I need to go to the
washroom you go to the washroom someone
remind me to buy eggs afterwards I have
to buy eggs
and you might want the mouse I do want
the mouse I also want to logout as you
and log he gets me because if I do win
then it's gonna be as me mother chunker