Episode 976
Fear the Old Fraud (part 1)
March 15, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRFt-fMrMAw
___________________________________________

hello hello is anyone there
that's probably there they're probably
there Jeff you think they're there yeah
hey there did you hear that news that's
the big geek news rig well is the they
announced the villain for Wonder Woman -
okay
cheetah then it's a lady who's like a
cheetah don't people say that DC has
good villains
I think people say Batman has good villa
I don't I can't say that Wonder Woman is
necessarily known for her wrongs gallery
right but the interesting news cast you
know who they cast huh miss Kristen Wiig
okay I think that's very interesting
casting ah all right I mean she's
fantastic in everything she's ever been
in but like you know generally known as
a comedic actress and so it'll be
interesting that's all that's all I'm
saying
she top it's a lady who's a cheetah I
know I know who it is it's compelling me
to not go see the movie I think no
matter what no matter what right yeah
it's a step up from Beowulf what was his
name and yes Bale they hate Ares no no
no the Justice League one Steppenwolf I
think it's a step up from Stefan Wolfe
and Aries Aries wasn't necessarily a
compelling bad guy in Wonder Woman one
Beowulf
I love Beowulf offline okay we're gonna
start a new game because it's been a
while since I played blood-borne I
really want to play blood-borne we were
talking about blood-borne
you've come to the right place my
enthusiasm by the way for infinity war
yes it's taken a hit wait I have
enthusiasm for it you did have him
through these battles is actually one of
my favorite Marvel characters not
villains he's one of my favorite Marvel
characters you said this before but I
didn't think you were that hyped about
the movie version okay until I heard
they completely changed his character
motivations it's like well that's the
thing that was interesting about the
character sure right so he is no longer
courting death right what should our
name beYOU you make it whatever you want
granny rags this is Bob Bob
what do they say asthma I was planning
ahead overpopulation and that made his
species go extinct so now he wants to
stop overpopulation and that's why he's
gonna kill half the universe even though
with the Infinity Gauntlet he could just
make it so nobody has to die because you
would literally be God at that point you
wouldn't need to kill anybody okay
hey I don't wait wait wait wait what you
you've lost me
don't worry about I've lost me so much
don't worry about it what's what's
happening
his motivation is that his planet died
because there's something overpopulation
there are too many people okay and so
they died off and so now he wants to
kill half the universe to stop that from
happening elsewhere but once you got the
Infinity Gauntlet you just make it so
people can't die or they kind of
populate you can you could do anything
other than murder what the Infinity
Gauntlet right the reason he wanted to
commit murder what the Infinity Gauntlet
is because he was in love with death
right both the embodiment of death and
the idea of death yes so what you're
saying is his motivation is he saw is is
almost like he sees himself as the good
guy yeah is he is like oh my planet got
destroyed because of overpopulation so I
want to make sure the universe doesn't
get destroyed yeah that's his plan yeah
interest so I've heard this is a thing I
have read yeah
which isn't necessarily fast oh okay
okay well there we go
I feel like this doesn't it's it's
entirely possible everything I have said
is fake news yes
that's entirely possible I am not I'm
not discounting that okay
that's good to know so what you're
saying is this is the rumor mill this is
the bud something I read on a website
which could be absolute horseshit okay
that's fair you can say anything you
want our website that that's very true
yes
okay we got here shape oh my god there's
just too much hey rich can rich Evans
confirmed as Russian control what are
the Russians trying to destabilize the
Marvel Cinematic Universe that's the
plan that's it
they tried with Trump but really no but
they discovered that if you really want
to fuck with America you have to
destabilize the Marvel Cinematic
Universe crunk but no one will question
Disney that's great oh hey well dang it
five-thirty skeptic says dude fans made
a short film based on papers please and
it's it's exceptionally well done if you
haven't seen it you'll love it I saw it
it was good oh you know and I kept
meaning to I kept meaning to go around
to see and I never got around to seeing
it never got around to seeing that one
I mean obviously we need a monocle
I mean obviously okay we're doing good
this is Bob yeah I feel good about Bob
his face looks too young for Bob for for
that mustache and and that hair and
those sideburns
he's a hipster supposed to play the game
was a hipster
we can go immature let's see what mature
looks though
right
okay now he's a little more mature how
do you feel about that yes a little bit
better a little bit that's a little bit
better yes okay oh that's right what is
it what are these toast
violent pasts professional he's a
professional that guy's totally a noble
Sion yeah
but you do what you want just for the
points I mean that's you how do you want
to play the game is the real question
it's not like they bring up what your
occupation was in the game it's really
Jack so think about it really don't know
Sion don't don't fuck your whole game
all right right
what is no button little cyan what's
he's got more blood echoes blood tinge a
lot of skill yeah I'm gonna go guns huh
you gotta go guns I don't know if that's
one inch blunt inches guns Oh fun unless
I'm misremembering but I'm pretty sure
that's guns yeah it's fine all right
we'll see you all right we'll see I
figure I probably won't save this save
file does everyone know by the way in
chat that this is the PS Plus free game
this month you can you can get this game
for free right now if you are a PS Plus
member do you lose it though if you're
not a PS Plus member as long as you
don't delete it okay so you know like
you download it you get it for free and
then as long as you don't but you know
once you delete it and you're no longer
PS plus member then it's gone but okay
you can download it right now
I wish this game was on the PC I can't
afford masterrace and ps4 better off get
the master race you know though this is
a fantastic game it's the only game that
you need yeah right no you liked horizon
zero dawn did there's too much aiming in
that game the controller the controller
ruins invited me I liked horizon zero
dawn so much that as I was a quick turn
this on this by the way I haven't turned
on my ps4 like since we played horizon
zero dawn yeah like so it's just been
collecting dust like blood-borne horizon
zero dawn that's it
but I turned it on just to make sure
everything was updated before I got here
yeah and I noticed that for the ps4
version of Monster Hunter you can play
as a Lloyd and I was like that actually
might get me to play monster because I
do like horizon zero done so much I I
have nothing against the Monster Hunter
I know people in the chat have been
harassing us about it yeah it might
thing with Monster Hunter is do this it
seems like it's got a fairly rabid fan
base yes and it's probably a terrible
game for us to play blind on stream for
the very first time that's true I was I
was thinking about bringing it up for
our next you know because we we have a
little bit of time before some bigger
games come out so maybe that could be a
next review it's like yeah you know get
20 hours into it talk about it for a bit
that could make a good episode good now
I'm playing dishonored well I know
you're playing but you can't play this
hundred forever we got to get back to
work eventually
all right there we go
now we got a character an old-timey
boxer look at that guy he looks great
yeah all right how do I play this game
again you're doing great jack I feel
like I'm doing great
hey yeah I'm heavy attack Matt and
Dodger all
what's dodge roll that's Todd row okay
just remembering because you know we
know what's coming up so you playing
blood-borne
and you know you don't even remember how
no I don't I haven't I do I have no
recollection on how to play it one of
the harder games made okay welcome back
to me man okay I have so many hours into
this game it'll eventually come rushing
back to I expect you to kill the the
werewolf the first werewolf I'll be I'll
be disappointed if you don't
yeah yeah no guarantees man no
guarantees today I did all right all
right
because it's totally doable Jack I'm
sure it's totally doable I cannot
guarantee you I will do it I end the
blood-borne run if I don't defeat the
first world wolf that's a restart that's
that's a restart yeah yeah yeah I'm
gonna call horseshit on that why is that
true for me yeah yeah it's the first
thing in the game it's not like a it's
not like you're losing hours of your
life just as a stat blood ball game up
stud we're now starting to the blood
boring game I'll beat that werewolf
let's I'm gonna beat that werewolf I
will I will
pressures on Jack pressures on I don't
like it
he's got it's got a third of normal
health and it's easy it's easy Jack it's
easy can I sneak up on him
no you try you try that Jack you want
you want to know the key is what heavy
attack from behind and then when he's
stunned
now get him from behind heavy tech yeah
you got him
feels good jack
it feels good doesn't it can't believe I
did that I really thought I was gonna
choke I know I was kind of a prick and I
put that pressure on you did for the
entertainment of our audience because my
failure could be very funny and I get
that and I respect that but I really
thought I was gonna choke who the
old-timey boxer wins suck on it werewolf
now shit like now we just see how far I
can get for that weapons but that's fine
you beat the werewolf oh yeah yeah now
we just see how far I can get without
any weapons how much of this game do I
gosh-dang remember okay how do I use
blood files again saying that was clutch
jack yeah if you notice I went silent
no joking around
wherever where's all the bad guys
where's all the jump-scares true-blue
reviews hey rich I finally got around to
watching year of hell and could
definitely see the potential Voyager had
as a series yeah it's a shame that I've
ended up trying to be TNG again with
less interesting characters yes that's
that's exactly what happened less
interesting scary characters tired
scripts inconsistent you know like some
of the characters had interesting
moments they had things fritsch the
doctor the doctor was a good character
the doctor was a good girl Janeway was a
good actress I still like Kate Mulgrew
as much as I hate Janeway yeah but
that's that's all on the writers right
but like Janeway like there were
moments there were moments with Janeway
like even Tom Paris like there were
moments you know the the the Admirals
brat son who's actually a good pilot but
kind of a dickhead oh I could get I
could get there
boy you're just problem is not willing
to go there he's not willing to go there
yeah yeah but I could have gotten there
all right behind here no guys you didn't
see me you didn't see me did you see me
are you gonna get to the first the first
bonfire without taking it down I'm not
gonna give you shit if that doesn't
happen but is that is that your goal
here Jamie
be careful you don't want to anchor the
guys up there I remember I'm remembering
slowly but surely okay let me get around
you
nice we're getting dark souls for switch
yeah we got Dark Souls in PC what the
fuck do I need it on the switch for
smaller screen I'm getting it it's
remastered PC it's already remastered
you just turn the resolution this that's
all remasters work it's basically a PC
version
yeah I'm getting it only because I want
to play it on the go
normal people leave the house sometimes
rich well what the fuck you doing
leaving your house and playing console
games for well what if you're on an
airplane man okay so a few times in your
life what's there oh no that wasn't it
you did the opposite
shit shit other side I think what button
heals me god damn it all I really should
have looked into that ah don't freak out
this is blood-borne this is blood-borne
don't freak out it's not up I have blood
vials and I don't know how to use them
fuck gosh dang it all I could have
beaten him do not choke I didn't know
how to heal Oh
why were you faster chat why weren't you
faster even the PC port of Dark Souls
can't run or soul whatever Souls was
can't run at 60 frames per second
correctly I'm I'm willing to bet you I'm
willing to bet that there is a fan patch
or hack well the the other thing nice
thing about the remaster and it by the
way I'm sure the remaster is also coming
to PC yeah but what I'm because there is
that dsfix that you're supposed to
download with dark souls to fix all of
the buggy PC issues but what I think
what I'm hoping the remaster is is you
know you don't need to worry about
second-hand software like that and like
I said for me someone who travels a lot
I want Dark Souls on the go
he's they dull how do you feel how do
you guys feel about people review
bombing games that aren't offering
switch versions is it's not an actual
thing
what's a review bomb what are you doing
writing it down just because it's not on
the switch is that a real thing yeah you
can do for all sorts of reasons whatever
you don't like something they did and
has nothing to do with the game bad and
then liked it so it's like a it's like a
calculated effort like let's all get
together could be and review yeah I mean
no matter I don't think it necessarily
has to be calculated but well I assume
that's what a review bomb yeah it's like
let's all get together and poopoo this
because of any review bomb for any
reason is a dumb idea yeah you know
let's I usually do the saw cleaver
because I like to saw cleaver the the
switch is fine and and breadth of the
world is a fantastic game but I just
don't see the appeal of having something
portable on a tiny screen I just I don't
get that if I'm leaving the house I'm
probably leaving the house to go
somewhere and do something right and I
won't be playing games where I'm going
and I certainly won't be playing them
while I'm driving there right so it is
limited appeal to me portability for you
right I think for a lot of you sure sure
sure
for a lot of people I India obviously
like it's very successful consult your
blunderbuss it's it's a mild perk to me
right but you can play it on a bigger
screen to I could play my PC in a bigger
screen too so if I remember correctly
blunderbuss it's easier to hit enemies
but pistol does more damage okay let's
do blunderbuss a lot of people take
trains and whatnot we just think I don't
and we're talking about how I feel about
this right oh right I'm saying it
doesn't appeal to me
okay also I wouldn't be taking my switch
out on a bus why not
you just why don't you tangle my
valuables out just show everybody my
valuables on the bus that's overthinking
everybody's out everybody's on their
phone
everybody look at this look at this nice
thing I have look at it nice okay I got
this now let's go I would have loved to
make it to the first fire without dying
everyone gets mugged on buses you know
he's to be pickpocketed you can set it
down and I'm thinking about it
you fall asleep on the bus I don't know
this sounds like you have other issues
if you're falling asleep on buses you
know to me it's not it's just not that
big a deal like whether you're on a bus
or a train or whatever game audio sounds
weirdly muffled I don't know what we
want to do about that but you want to do
about that if you want do anything about
that game audio sounds weirdly muffled
why is he shirtless cuz look at him he's
an old-timey boxer I think he looks cool
I don't know why the game audio is
muffled anyone else audio is fine audio
is not a problem
why didn't Jack have a weapon the last
time so when you start the game the game
wants you to die is basically the thing
and so when you actually start the game
with no weapon so that you die so that
you learn about the what is it called
you can make it to the bonfire though oh
and get a weapon without dying oh yeah
where you probably find a weapon if
you're really fucking good like were you
dead the first fire is just up the
stairs it would not be easy to find a
weapon without using the bonfire I'm not
sure where the nearest one is there's
that there's a subway and I think of the
sewers
suck it yeah this is all my answers but
uh that would be that's tough I'm sure
somebody's done it everybody's done
everything in this game but no like if I
would have made it past that guy I could
have made it to the first fire cuz it's
just up here it's just over the first
Lantern
it's just up the ladder rich no one is
allowed to play games in anything other
than a 1k PC Evans when did I say that
when did I ever say that oh you say that
constantly my preference my personal
preference is PC yeah and I don't the
the the portability of the switch
doesn't appeal to me that means I hate
all consoles that's I mean then one
absolutely you know how it works you
know how it works and you don't need a
1k PC you can you could build a PC
cheaper than that it's true the one I
had before this and it lasted me yours
it lasted me awhile the one I had before
the nice one yeah 400 bucks
oh yeah yeah no and like they're getting
cheaper and cheaper and right up until
near the end it was it was playing
everything got a decent clip yeah no and
you mean up until the end most most
modern PC games have so many like
adjustments sliders resolution that you
can even with a cheaper PC you can get
decent frame rates you can't get him in
4k but you know you can it's it's so
great but that being said I do like the
portability of the switch I will be
getting Dark Souls remastered for the
switch so I can play it wherever someone
hasn't shopped for graphic cards
recently and I'll go down yeah once this
whole once this whole Bitcoin thing
starts to fizzle which I believe it
already is the the well not Bitcoin in
general but the the hoarding graphic
cards for Bitcoin mining has started to
fizzle
see you sucka duck
I got him eventually I got him
eventually this hi everybody
oh shit come up and get me come up and
get me
yeah I'm looking forward to it
yeah the remaster I I still like you
know the most I've played of Dark Souls
has been on stream so I'm looking
forward to actually like getting into
the game the full Dark Souls experience
I think I can take on the big I think
I'm ready for that
maybe
let's see
good work it's not over yet
no big swing big swing boom I told you
it'd all come back to me I died to that
dude so many times my first playthru oh
what a glorious game MC Lucas's yeh
blood-borne I've got the itch again yeah
yeah me too
if anyone slash new players will want to
co-op you get a co-op tonight have you
hadn't planned on it but you know you
see I don't see what happens
good good my PSN is also MC Lukas DPS a
you can redownload a PlayStation Plus
game if you keep the sub just add to
library and DL later that's true but I
think your question was like if you no
longer want PS Plus can you keep yeah
yeah and I believe that you can keep the
game as long as it's downloaded even if
you remove your PS Plus membership cuz
what does what does what does PS Plus a
month and what does it cost to find a
copy of blood-borne exactly but you do
get new games for free every month and
bla bla so like yeah although for for us
Vita owners who no longer play our Vedas
they they are now stopping giving you
Vita games yeah with your membership and
they stop they're stopping ps3 games for
your membership yeah
because you know eventually you got it
you got to make a call yeah the ex is a
pretty good weapon
have I ever really used it before oh
it's my go-to oh yeah it's my go-to
early game yeah the fucking charge on
the the two-handed version of the axe is
fucking it's fucking God like I just did
it and you know what you're right yeah
it's just so satisfying
for all the weapons like except for the
cane but like for this and for the saw
blade just like she lets go
I remember you I remember you dick
where's the other there's the other
scary guy there was another scare guy
around here right he's like right around
this corner there is areas I remember
you too anonymous groups of doom demons
a business of barons a shrewdness of
Mankiw by a consortium of Cacodemons a
congregation of Hell Knights a muster of
pinkies a prickle of unwilling a risk of
cyber demons okay so like it like a like
a flock of birds
Frommer's are pros a gaggle of geese
these are the group definitions for
demon flocks yeah I approve I approve of
all this
gahafer quarter says the Church of
Scientology is launching a TV channel on
spectrum tomorrow yay do you think they
will be dumb enough to play Battlefield
Earth I really enjoyed the rlm review
with a Jupiter ascending
it'll be it'd be the first thing they
claim it's gonna be the Battlefield
Earth channel they're gonna they're
gonna play that like the TNT TNT used to
play the Shawshank Redemption
it'd be a lot of a lot of time Cruise
movies oh yeah a lot of John Travolta
movies you're gonna get some Christie
alley sitcom Christie alley yep every
Becca music video it's been really
impact these people you think are same
yeah yeah by the way these people you
think I see decent amount of blood
echoes I don't know if I want to risk
listen where's the next fire now the
next fight is pretty far away I'm gonna
go and turn in some of these blood
echoes for for upgrades I can always
come back artists aren't sane people all
right fair enough
absolute Touche oh wait you some more
people hello
nope nope yep yeah everything's fine
we made it that's all that matters roll
roll roll ins oh hey I did read about
that rocket from Steam the the speaking
of movie rumor mills yeah Deadpool 2
even though it's very close to its
release just added a bunch of reshoots
because early screenings have not gone
too well really really here's the thing
here's what here's here's the thing I
actually curious about - I don't give a
shit about reshoots what I do but I do
find curious yeah are they going to
integrate into entering integrate
Deadpool into the MCU not right now not
I mean technically speaking there are
Easter eggs in Deadpool that means that
it is able to be introduced to the MCU
yeah the big final battle of Deadpool
takes place on a downed Helicarrier yeah
it doesn't it's not called a Helicarrier
yeah yeah but you can clearly see that
it is a downed Helicarrier and that was
like after Captain America you know the
Helicarrier is felt right shit so but
not right now because it's still it's
still Fox then they have merged yet they
have emerged okay okay never mind then
Disney would completely neuter that
franchise I think Disney would be smart
enough to realize they have something
profitable on their hands isn't he's not
dumb at least at least kevin feige 'is
not dumb right right and the idea of
having like yeah an r-rated wing yeah
they could hear here's something legit
though from Kevin Fugees standpoint or
from Disney standpoint is they could
never officially tie it in be part of
the big selling point of all of them MCU
is the family-friendly Eska nature even
guardians which toes that line of like
you know some cuss words and more adult
themes fairly family-friendly so could
you ever really integrate Deadpool into
that I die I would think the answer is
no I would assume the answer is no
because you don't want the kids to go
see ant-man and go what a great
adventure oh who was that Deadpool cool
character in Ant Man 3 let's go see the
Deadpool movie now right it's pronounced
Phi G how's a reasonable person supposed
to look at that name and know how the
fuck it's pronounced pronounce it
however the fuck we can the real problem
with Deadpool is that we
Deadpool came out of nowhere no one knew
what to expect and so it was a pleasant
surprise when Deadpool happened now
people know what to expect they have
expectations for Deadpool - it needs to
be irreverent it needs to break the
fourth wall it needs to call out other
franchises you know like it needs to be
pop culture reference heavy it needs to
be irreverent but now you have
expectations and that's when that's when
shit starts to fuck up
is this where I upgrade myself
Anonymous's Yancy recently said he wish
he never invented the term PC
master-race dude PC users praising
Kingdom Come for having a save system
that requires a limited item so that
plebs wouldn't play it but you can
influence people which you can't control
how you influence them once is once it's
out in the world that's just how it
works once once you put something out in
the world it's it's the world you can no
longer you can make a joke and people
will take that joke seriously or they
won't get it you have no you have no
control over what they do with with it
yep yep because because I have
absolutely no interest in playing
deliverance kingdom come I did watch his
review of it and it definitely
solidified me not wanting to touch that
game let's go rock and roll
like that poor guy who did the sad frog
right right the dude the dude who made
the the Frog guy the Pippi the Frog yeah
just like some weirdo artist in Portland
and then it got and then it got taken
over by 4chan and the alt right and he's
like a like this artist is like a is
like a gay activist and they took his
frog man yeah it took Pippi the Frog and
now he's suing who is he suing Infowars
because they're using the frog in their
merchandise yeah without paying him any
money says like yeah that's my art Jesus
Jesus preached forgiveness that's true
several centuries later the Inquisition
Jesus Jesus preached the the virtues of
giving away all your worldly possess yes
yeah the prosperity Bible the the the
facts that you know the rich man has as
much chance of getting to heaven as a
camel through the eye of a needle all
that fun stuff and you can't control you
can't control you can control the
message you can't control how its
received
Taylor's oldest time or twisted or
twisting sure no I didn't compare Pete
Pete Pepe to Jesus absolutely let's do
that that's great that's a great idea
well the tech well I I think we're
comparing peppe's creator to Jesus
because both of their messages got
twisted
I didn't compare you know I know our
conversation often like goes in weird
places I just never thought I'd hear
that specific sentence coming out of
your mouth I like it don't know I have
Beauty and the Beast in my head at this
particular moment
crane hen Christ says hey rich hey Jack
hi great hand Christ recently got into a
post rock band called lights out Asia
from Milwaukee you know these guys Jack
they're great
I don't Jack doesn't know these guys I'm
sorry I've never even heard of that band
but to be fair I've been out of the
music scene for quite quite a long time
if you're into post-rock though check
out the last band I remember is like a
collection of colony collections of
colonies of bees stop it Nick
collections of collection of colonies of
bees something Coco bees collections of
colonies of bees hey everybody
person in chat we already talked about
the cheetah the cheetah yeah yeah but
she Tom whatever we're still in the
first area well I went to like upgrade
some shit but I couldn't because I think
I need something I think I there's like
a a thing I need to get before I can
upgrade shit and I don't know where that
is I think I need to defeat the first
troll
maybe if I remember correctly so I'm
just gonna make my I'm gonna go to the
troll we're gonna make our way through
the area a little faster troll yeah you
mean the the big fat guy are the boss
loser no the ogre
another guy doesn't even do with the
upgrading I don't have a thing to
upgrade a dog you did die and respawn
there once right no I haven't died
alright dad once did you open about any
bonfire yeah you should be able to go
there and upgrade ah I think I'm missing
something
he needs inside for the doll okay he's
missing insight you get insight you get
well there's places you can find it but
it's probably easy just to go to that
one boss by the bridge but inside for
finding a boss sure that's I need the
doll yeah gotcha I know there's spots
where you can find it I just don't
remember Warren er off the top of my
head is there any is there any in your
inventory that you haven't cracked open
those things that give you inside I will
see you you might have some easier to
get to the sewers I don't remember where
on the stores it is though no I don't
have any inside I got a blood shard I
don't think I have any insight what's
the significance of a shirtless run I
don't know why Jack is not rocking a
shirt but he hasn't found any better
clothes yet but look he looks cool okay
the significance of a shirtless run is
he looks cool look at that there's one
down in the sewers
here's the thing the sewers are big oh
yeah no no they're just in the sewers
you'll find it just you know in the
sewers in general it's get real I'll go
I'll go to like the Blood star beast
fashion borne all right let me let me
ask you this question if you're if
you're criticizing somebody for picking
an outfit they like in blood-borne over
one that's more effective if the most
effective clothing item in the game was
a pink tutu would you wear it you know
if it was a really hard err it was the
best armor in the game pink tutu if I
was in a really hard area probably but
then as soon as I was out of the hard
area I would I would take it off yes
a surprising number of people are saying
yes and I'm not I'm not sure if they're
pretty sarcastic or not probably
probably a lot of them aren't because
you know they just see the numbers but
yeah I want to wear something cool I
would wear the pink tutu if it were the
worst I could really I could really ruin
everybody's day I'm suggesting something
on the bed of pink tutu do you or do you
really want me to go there
no don't want me to go there are you or
do I is the question water what about
what about a mega hat it's the most
effective clothing item in the game
would you wear it because let me tell
you that shit's effective
it worked for Trump I'm kind of glad you
went there me personally no I wouldn't I
wouldn't wear it even if it was the best
armor in the game but I bet some people
would love it ironically some people
would love it on ironically
you still life you're still alive oh
there's a third one it's fine
we're oh yeah yeah yeah I remember where
the bosses I remember where things are
and stuff cold-blood doo doo doo doo doo
doo oh yeah I've seen that happen in the
game before what somebody posted a tip
but the tip is a link to a video of a
dead rising death oh okay and I can't
explain it it's a humorous dead rising
death gotcha
I'm serious I think I've seen that in
game before so middle one says meet no
one yep yeah yeah my tya one says guys
the other day your voices were super
deep on my bluetooth headphones for some
reason okay an hour later I got used to
it and you sounded normal now I'm
confused
what do you actually sound like that's
the question to end all questions it's a
very good question that do we actually
sound handover sure unless you meet me
in person that's true oh no nothing in
fact without I needed to know what he
sounded like officer some I sound like
I've had a few uh balloon fulls of
helium I feel like I've said some helium
vomits that's how I sound oh shit
PUF Mac says got invite to a bad movie
night which one movie from best of the
worst each of you recommend your
discretion isn't advised hi I have the
most absolutely unhelpful suggestion for
you okay the most unhelpful suggestion
for you the one that's in the next
episode that's so true you guys don't
even know you guys don't even know
oh that's right I should open up that
door dang it you can't do that to us
rich I just did yeah and we can't we
can't we can't spoil it absolutely not
it's it's too good it's too big it's too
much it's too too
but beyond that beyond the the one
that's in the next episode which which
is great you know what I just felt like
someone was tweeting about hard tickets
of Hawaii that's a great one
samurai cop is always a crowd-pleaser as
someone who's had some bad movie nights
for you know people who aren't rlm I can
tell you that samurai cop is always a
crowd-pleaser man people that's because
that's one of those that's one of those
room esque bad movies where people get
it right away why it's so bad you just
get it samurai cops find choice yeah we
get 1995 says hey Jack and rich Shai
longtime fan first time tipper
question for rich why is going back to
Mass Effect one after three like going
back to a like like a funeral but going
back to Dead Rising one after four isn't
keep up the great mark one I never
played for all the way through I started
playing it and then I lost interest real
quick secondly Mass Effect a lot more
story centric than Dead Rising that's
fair I don't hate the story Dead Rising
but it's absolutely essential in Mass
Effect yeah yeah and and three dead like
Dead Rising one and two they tell two
completely self-contained independent
stories of the beginning and a middle
and an end I guess
Mass Effect one kind of does but two is
fucked
oh fuck you oh you know what I forgot
how do I run
Chad how do I run in the game I want to
run past all these guys and knowing your
choices don't mean jack shit in the
final game makes it hard to enjoy the
first and second games anymore that's
that's part of it too
look there's a whole lot of things at
Mass Effect 3 did rock hold circle thank
you I've beaten this game before yes
Rachel V beaten this game before I think
so yes sure why not I've beaten the game
and the DLC it's just fun to run around
and kill monsters that's also very true
nope nope nope nope nope nope
did you enjoy anything about in Ramadan
I don't know if that question is
directed towards me but I haven't even
touched Andromeda I've invented shopping
in the pieces I'm just not interested
but why are you still alive why are you
still alive
gosh dang it now I'm just now I'm just
farting around
now I'm just not doing well Jack used
the axe you're right I should have used
the axe thanks thanks for that tip how
would you feel about star wars if in
Return of the Jedi Luke Luke dies the
Emperor wins Princess Leia is forced to
marry the Emperor in order to in order
to spare the rest of the people yeah
what if it's just a completely crap
ending like that how does how people
feel about Star Wars
oh yeah like could you then re-watch a
new hope right just knowing that it ends
inside its shell right and that is how
Mass Effect 3 fucked up yeah that's fair
you've got layoffs like you actually see
our 2d to get melted down and first of
all I would love that that would be
great that would just be funny right
right I think that's fair
and like you said because it's also just
so story focused and the stories lead
one right into the other yeah
that's why a different game can get away
with it and that can't it's totally fair
by
but I think now I can just kind of run
this way and they stay on their side I
think like beat says did either of you
guys ever played the search which
streamed I didn't play a jack plated but
we streamed it souls like with a sci-fi
techno
theme I think it's misspelled themed
autocorrected as these or something I've
been playing it recently it's not Dark
Souls but it's fun so far yeah it got it
was alright it to me it got really
repetitive really fast it had some
interesting ideas that made it not like
darks souls in this whole like because
you got this like exosuit this cool Robo
exosuit and yet one of the ideas of the
game was that you could rip off specific
parts of your enemies and attach them to
yourself but it just never landed quite
right for me
it was interesting like that that would
be a good like that'd be a good like on
sale game I think I'm gonna kill this
dude I don't know if I can take a gap I
take on day of the blood start beast
go go troll hunter boom alright
doing great we're doing great the have
we got that in sight yet - am I good no
who do I need to either need to find the
madman's whatever it's called in the
sewers or you go fight any boss okay so
you could fight the the bridge Beast
yeah and that will give you insight okay
somewhere upstairs
yeah I'm gonna go through here just so I
can open up that other gate I can take
care of these trolling is really fast
prefer to just take care of one at a
time uber strong you can you can make up
your own ending to whatever you want
that's that's less satisfying for me I
don't want to I don't want to imagine
the real ending to Mass Effect 3 I do
there's no way I don't anything to do
with it out like I don't want I don't
want to pretend ending that kind of
defeats the whole purpose of like you
know a story like if rich wanted he
could just make up his own story and and
by that logic every game is the best
because I just made up my own story and
now this story is the best that's that's
really weird logic works for them that's
fine I'm not you know I'm just I was
saying I had that's not my thing
oh shit this guy Weber strong 3 says
Pitt people recently got out of really
access it's made for the people who did
battleblock theater and Castle Crashers
simple turn-based strategy memo ok it's
called that what you say yep Pitt people
hit two people I thought I remember
there being a hunter over here here we
go this is make it a little easier if I
die again now I can go through this game
crane Han crisis my wife is a big rlm
fen we actually met after met after
connecting over a best of the worst
episode we have watched prereq
religiously every week
now we play DC universe online it's free
fucks congratulations did it you're
stealing is it gobbledygook Thunder yeah
yeah it's not your that's not yours
that joke isn't yours sir yeah isn't but
by the way haven't we already we already
said that sometimes a joke gets out into
the wild and you can no longer control
it that joke is now out in the wild yeah
yeah there's nothing gobbledygook scan
do no gobbledy magazine it's lost
control over the the intellectual
property of the DC Universe Online you
fucks line that's art man
there's a dude back here okay it's a
cool dude
oh really there was a dude right there
shit come on kid walk onto him I came
here but didn't lock on to me it just
started like Rhys entering like a
dickhead take it easy take it easy
I'll be fine jack and I'll be fine
you're almost there you're almost there
oh yeah I'm not gonna deal with those
guys right now we're gonna go we're
gonna go right to the boss see if we can
take care of the boss what we got here
oh we got this guy
I can deal with a troll
how about go to the troll thank you
nope no no that's fair that's fair try
again
there we go that's good timing jack a
little speed from it's all it's it's all
coming back to me now what are some
older comedy films that you don't think
Hold'em I have misread that at first I
thought at first I thought you said what
are some older comedy films that hold up
and I was going to instantly say Blazing
Saddles oh god yeah I mean first like
just about any Mel Brooks yeah and
you're good to go
but that don't hold up I don't know
right I wonder I really wonder that
probably anything that relies on
pop-culture references over actual jokes
maybe Ace Ventura I haven't seen that
since I was young neither of I I loved
it I loved it when it first came out I'm
gonna guess Ace Ventura but how much of
that is doesn't hold up and how much
that is I saw it when I was a dumb kid
right exactly
okay I love this Ventura I what I could
here's one that does hold up you know
for me is I loved the Billy Madison yeah
growing up Adam Sandler was the absolute
bomb for me and I recently rewatched it
and laughed my fucking ass off and I did
I don't know how much of that is just
nostalgia like rearing its ugly head but
Billy Madison goddamnit that's a great
one Ghostbusters does not hold up that's
not true obvious troll is obvious it's
it might be subtler than what you're
used to
but there's some lines in that that
still get me ray and Peter Venkman just
just using him taking out the mortgage
on his parents home you didn't even
argue with them
Egan's just calculating the interest for
the first year alone right that seemed
that seemed gets me still work and it
has nothing to do with shooting ghosts
the Ghostbusters one was a clear troll I
have thought it might be but you never
know you never know
fuck fuck I'm not sure but I think his
staggers have to be shot to the face oh
sure sure that could be let's get out of
here
kaboosh Malarkey's is for rich from the
tone of most rlm video content you seem
to be the butt of a lot of jokes at
least in editing
does that get on your nerves if if I
thought everyone or Earlham actually
didn't like me I would I would I would
never be here they wouldn't have gotten
this far I wouldn't they wouldn't have
been my friends that's fair and I assume
if anything like crosses the line while
we're actually filming yeah then you
would deal with that while we were
actually filming yeah you know what
let's make sure that doesn't end up in
oh no so I just need to get to get to
the Kirby's now the dolls awake next
review has to be into the breach I
actually don't think there's enough to
talk about I'll be honest with you it's
a very good game it's a game I enjoy a
lot but it I I haven't been playing that
much in all honestly oh yeah well you've
been playing this on yeah I don't I
don't know that I would okay when I
haven't been playing Dishonored yeah it
hasn't been into the breach it's been
slay the spiral really yeah hmm that's
not to say I hate into the breach right
it's simple it's a very simple game but
I don't have any echos
the thing killed you the thing killed me
but just getting to the thing Mian said
I can talk to the doll mom now you got
to go back to the thing I opened the
door it'll be gonna win you gotta win
that fight I can win it it's been a
while but I can win it into the breach
is just very simple it's just it's just
battle chess all the pieces have a thing
they can do and all the bad guys have a
thing they can do and figure out the
math I don't know if there's a lot to
talk about there Nana says what joke do
you guys wish never got out into the
wild if no answer for that is there a
trend mean you wish you never started
but every fucking thing we say gets
repeated ad nauseam it doesn't matter
what the fuck is everything absolutely
everything and ever says you know
whatever I guess just means you like
what we do so it's fine yeah
light beat says speaking of jokes
getting out into the wild and away from
their original creators I had a question
are there spikes in this game that guy
gets it yes I remember my first time
playing this game just how much I feared
these trolls and how intimidating they
were and how easy they are to deal with
once you know what's going on fucking
nothing now now they're just they're
just blood vial dispensaries cuz I know
how to deal with them
you - are there spiders game no okay I'm
gonna say there are no spiders no spikes
in this game that's what I'm going to
say at least I don't I mean there might
be like spikes um like a club or
something that's not what we're talking
about the spikes that you fall onto and
they instantly kill yes I don't
or at least or at least just damage you
yeah and I don't know they're all
I don't think there are I'll be honest
like there are other things that kill
you instantly no literal spikes but
there are difficulty spikes ah says I'm
a 420 armed the swinging log with spikes
really it's all about the swinging log
and not the spikes yeah let's be honest
alright alright here we go again
rich after your fish stories I splurged
on a 20 gallon aquarium then my advice
is take it slow don't get fish right
away read about the nitrogen cycle and
cycle your tank before you put fish in
it or you're gonna get you're gonna have
dead fishes and you're gonna feel bad
nope nope didn't even didn't even
scratch him I got my blood echoes back
though do you do you have Molotov
cocktails oh I do have multiple you get
them in the face mmm
freeze wait to fire for one yeah also
the Molotov and the face will give them
a stagger
oh there we go I got a quick equip some
ball tongs but then then you don't want
to waste all your molotovs on a battle
with him that ends in your death
right best strat for this boss I always
get behind him yeah yeah I mean you
don't have to go for them the the big
the big stagger you could just you could
just Whittle his health down that is
correct I could someone in chat please
remind me how I throw a Molotov cocktail
thank you
you take it and you throw it square with
people I'm saying squared thank you
we're not being an asshole you know
we're all here to have a good time
except for that dickhead we're just
punching trolls in the guttin CC troll
I'd say ogre are they oh girl I don't
think they're officially either of those
things I think they're just large tough
monsters
I said troll III guess you know I'm not
dismissing ogres I can like I will
accept Oh ger but I when I first saw
them I I thought of the the troll in the
Harry Potter movie I haven't seen I've
seen the first one that's it so is there
a troll on the first one yeah the Troy
don't remember it's you know big dumb
look control and it's in it like breaks
into the bathroom and the boys Ron and
Harry have to save her my Annie and it's
a big dumb blow control and so that's
that's immediately what I thought of
when I saw it is like the troll from
Harry Potter
yo Inc but I could also see ocher El
Gigante also works yes any resident
evil' for fans it's El Gigante you guys
hear about the guy who beat all three
Dark Souls game in a row without getting
hit yes
no but I'm not shocked if you'd know the
game low enough all three in a row
nope and I'm sure I'm sure much practice
was involved oh yeah I think it's great
you know people a testament to these
games people people are still playing
them people are still enjoying them
alright let's take a mother out square
square throws the mall Tov cocktail
supposedly from what I heard it's
without taking a hit not just without
dying but without taking a hip yeah nope
nope expressing the wrong button place
in the wrong button
you what's the advantage of the long
weapon reach and power both of those
things
face face oh oh damn it I was on his
face
face there we go come on oh no hit him
you got fucked I got 5 you got fun right
fuck ok I don't think it works again
until he does they heal gosh dang it
gosh dang it I don't know if it's a
healer and he does this thing where he's
buried
yeah oh geez up yeah I don't I don't
think he could and I think I don't like
stagger her multiple times oh yeah he's
got a thing where he has to do that
first it's been too long yeah it's been
too long yeah okay I'll get him guys
don't don't you worry don't you worry
I'm gonna get him it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great everything's gonna
be great looks better when the axe is
short sure no that's fine that's fair
read all the things
that's a lot of things read all the
things imaginable Trevor 37 says I
recently played through all the from
soft games and blood-borne is one of my
all-time favorites currently playing
breath of the wild master mode give it a
try sometime thanks again
fuck my cock you're welcome James
jamming Tain's is rich my wife got me a
flight stick and throttle set up and
I've been trying to get into elite
dangerous I'm having trouble making
money and finding things to do what made
you stop playing elite dangerous nothing
gonna leave dangerous is itself but just
the fact that there are 37,000 games to
be played yeah and a leap elite
dangerous is one of those ones that you
really need to take your time and get
into it which is the same reason it took
me so long to get around to Dishonored
right once I had a PC that can handle it
like how long has dishonored for now
yeah I mean even the right mindset you
need time to sink into it
which still needs to play hitman uh yeah
I need I needed to know what the good
hitman games on I'm interested I'm
interested in the hitman
I know some are hated and some are
that's a return to form
yeah I don't know which is which gotcha
you fuck
Absolution bad blood money good
my prediction rich gonna die I'm gonna
die what I'm not playing a game Jack's
playing Jack's playing a game
if I'm dying in this game it's probably
because I'm looking at and reading the
chat and not looking at the screen the
game is on yeah really yeah I know
also I'm not holding a controller oh wow
but by the way you're doing pretty well
and you oh if I don't beat this guy my
first try just restarting it is true
with the world
I predict rich will die someday
eventually just like all of us that's
that's pretty safe prediction yeah yeah
I'm okay with that train game crisis
I apologize for the DC online joke is
this joke replacing funny content 80 80s
very cool that breaks new ground fuck
you it's March kill me now I love you
okay we've said the facts
congratulations all of them you said all
of them
hey dtq ka and i'm gonna try and make a
pronunciation out of that cuz hey guys
love what y'all do I know this isn't
your area but any idea when the
lightning fast VCR repair t-shirts will
be restocked eventually eventually
that's fair I could say things and then
when I'm wrong wrong everyone thinks I'm
a jerk so I'm just gonna say eventually
that's fair
fuck you oh my stuck on what are we
stuck stuck down a stanchion I got a
fucking statue did you get your echoes
huh do you get your yeah I go in that's
what matters
it's fine try spinning that's a good
trick yeah yeah you know fuck you it's
fine it's fine
everything's fine everything's gonna be
fine as bosses optional that's that's
true
yeah but I'm here I want to do it here
and I want to do it well your best
battle with him the first go around no
no I barely got any helps off of him
that time that was my best battle okay
I got I got the most health out of that
turn
but I have been really trying to focus
on staggering and really I have to have
to lay off that I have to just you know
Whittle them down that's what I should
concentrate on it's blood vials because
I've been I've been really focusing on
the staggering need witnesses
good evening for Sweden no first of all
love you guys stay awesome
no secondly what are your opinions of
the Swedish actors max von sydow he's
awesome Peter Stormare I'm not familiar
of them familiar with him Alicia
vikander
not familiar with her and Noomi Rapace
not familiar with him and or her perfect
except for except for I've never heard
of any of them
Maksim Ansari you'll know who he is you
see him different things he's been in
things he's been in Max von Sydow was a
guy who's been around he's been around
for a while now okay
he was the voice the so this isn't
really helpful for you but he was the
voice of Vigo the Carpathian and
Ghostbusters - nice YUM what are you
talking about that's super help The
Exorcist yeah yeah isn't the Exorcist
Jack oh okay Luzi in The Exorcist
one of the guy I'm Vince long as I've
seen the extras is one of the guys in
the exorcism Oh perfect yeah yeah okay I
know I know
Thanks he has the old guy that died in
the beginning of the force awakens oh
okay yeah that helps he is was he was he
I couldn't remember if he was The
Exorcist himself or if he was one of the
just a higher ranking priest oh he was
he was the old priest yeah I couldn't
remember for sure sure it's been a long
time so I've seen the Exorcist yeah I'm
not I'm not a horror movie guy right
second
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
nope nope that's doing pretty okay there
for a while it's doing pretty okay to
feel pretty happy the old judge that has
to go into the wasteland in Judge Dredd
yes I've never seen the 90s Judge Dredd
with Stallone and Rob Schneider I just
kind of assumed it would be an
abomination and I never would get
secrets and you know it kind of is and
that's kind of a nice part about it is
it is kind of an abomination it's
definitely one of those that I think
people should see because of how off it
is especially now like what we know
comic book movies can be now I mean I
didn't know that much about Judge Dredd
but I know Sylvester Stallone was
running around without the helmet uh-huh
and I knew right there without without
even knowing much about Judge Dredd I
knew that was sacrilege and then Rob
Schneider
yeah the whole the whole thing man it's
it's great it's great sign it's like
demolition man the look man demolition
man has a great premise and it is not
the judge dredd premise Judge Dredd is
the opposite of the demolition man
premise you know there there is okay so
like the premise of Judge Dredd is
interesting yeah but it's the opposite
no no but the movie okay
the premise of the movie is interesting
the problem is it's not exactly Judge
Dredd okay but like they are telling an
interesting sci-fi story and yes yes I
have finally seen dread and it is great
yes that is true
Judge Dredd takes place in a world that
is fucked and hard as nails yeah
demolition man takes place in a world
that is so pampered it can't handle
itself yes right so now you can't
stagger him again until he stands back
and he does that blood yeah
stay close and strafe move we're fucked
fuck this fucking camera is brave close
them to get them get your health back
for fighting Jack could you fight did
you fight did you fight you were my
cameras I could not see where I was in
relation to the monster I know how to
play the game I just couldn't see where
I was but yeah there's there's some
there's some fun awfulness in these two
lone Dredd movie
some fun awfulness this is like rich
losing to slappy
maybe yeah but I'm not necessarily me
losing to slappy is worse cuz and at
some point in history I just forgot how
the fight worked sure but at some point
in history I had slappy down and once
once I remembered what to do I I kicked
his ass on strim right I don't know
that's quite what's going on here no
this is just blood-borne
this is just blood-borne being
blood-borne fuck you
slappy is a boss in Dead Rising 2 and
rich has perfect no death Ronnie yes but
more importantly I lost to strappy
slappy on stream that ended one of my no
death run a tub slappy right and then I
got my shit together and the next time I
beat him but like out taking damage
because you can stunlock slappy and I
just I completely forgot that
right you can like kick you can jump
kick him to stun lock him right just the
first blood-borne strength ah the first
in a while
oh yeah we streamed this back when we
were doing the review and we stream this
a lot
if you're playing a fire I'm playing
with fire here fine behind me no no no
no gotta get my blood it goes okay okay
that's fair that's fair
wherever I lost him you're gonna die get
your blood that goes back I noticed that
about me and he died
Shh where did they say over there over
there
we're by the courage okay good hi
all right at least get in like one
stagger before I start going for nope
okay you know what or maybe not maybe we
don't need maybe we don't need a stick
that's fine that's fine
you really don't you really don't
against him
nope nope
move you shirtless fuck okay all right
all right all right it's gonna be fine
it's gonna be fine everything's gonna be
fine oh oh shit you grabbed me I know it
sucks dickhead
motor brigade says how often do people
try to trick you guys in the plank Star
Trek Online just because they want to
break Mike's brain with what they did in
the MMO slot
well you're the first one who's tried to
trick us into playing it by saying
something like that some said one time
wall
yeah no-one's ever tried to trick us
into playing it like a lot of people
have said you should play it right like
I'm just not an online guy Multi multi
online Medicare multiple user online
massively multiplayer I'd die now go
away yes Mike wouldn't even see it that
is fraud
kibosh Marky says there's one thing that
you can add to the world one thing to
subtract from the world what would you
give / take away the catch is that you
cannot personally benefit from this
change I don't know man that's like a
that's like a huge question and like
Jack can't even beat this boss right now
and I think he really needs to
concentrate on what he's doing I would
take away this boss oh my god really
no like any boss and blood-borne you can
just surpass and get through with like a
free a free pass and this is the boss
wow this is one phone right now and then
when I face the next boss I'll say the
next boss this is just the boss I'm
working on right now
this is just what I'm upset with at the
moment it's like you can bypass any
level and then you choose the tutorial
level to be fair Jack how long has it
been since you played one blow Oh God
right it's been it's been ages
not since the DLC came
we'd win says to help you guys out put
in faces to the names Peter Stormare
Russian guy and Armageddon know me
Rapace lead actor in prometheus Alicia
vikander plays Ava the robot in ex
machina oh ok I don't I don't have
strong opinions on any of these people
I'll be honest I don't even remember the
lead actress in Prometheus I remember
she was good in that one seemed like the
only good scene in Prometheus but I
don't I can't even picture her face
going without the lock on huh yeah the
the camera is being so wonky I figured
it would be a little easier
and it has been
you've got this don't panic you've got
this don't panic I'm not panicking okay
I'm going away so I can okay he'll okay
but by Jove
by Jove he's done it
yeah I think that that was that was one
of my problem is I was relying too much
on the lock-on and that means that I was
getting caught on the statues and I was
getting caught on stuff which I think if
I remember correctly that was a problem
that I had like the lamb that was a
problem I had it in my first playthrough
as I'd get so focused on the lock-on you
know because you use it for the littler
enemies zero of death right intact I
don't I don't think that's what's come
on I've even I've even lost my blood
echoes once oh no I'm this isn't this
run is fucked but now we can we can at
very least turn in my blood echoes and
start leveling up actually doing
something with this run crane hen Christ
says leaving now to play in more into
the bridge
i watch all the streams I love you guys
I hope your fish are doing well rich
fresh you're doing fine thank you which
I really need to clean some algae out of
that tank
mmm but that doesn't bother the fish my
shrimp love it they're all over there
they're all over that algae okay what
are we gonna do here
yeah get me more HP obviously that's
happening more endurance like these it
more strength these are the basics
another these that's great let's do
another or one of those great and
another string your shrimp head knows
Laurel and Hardy I probably should have
saved some my axe probably needs to be
prepared
Marbois decals are required fine I
didn't want to do that anyway ha
what are you again
oh yeah you
I remember oh you know I've never done a
run with the Kirk hammer I think I'm
gonna buy the car camera that's what I
want
hmm wanna come on a hammer it's hammer
time
it's fucking jack you'd be crazy Heidi I
should not be allowed in front of a
microphone that's that's just the honest
truth I just sometimes I don't know why
I say stop me but I just gotta talk we
just gotta fill time here just fill in
time that's fair Swedish a Isis hey hi
you guys looking forward to Deathstalker
3 the lead girl is now the US ambassador
to Denmark what guess that shows how
little the current administration cares
about the Nordic countries uh-huh
looking forward to it now
Oh Deathstalker I you know what for in
my head that was a video game but
Deathstalker the Deathstalker of course
of course I'm where are you going Oh
grrrrrr he's his Linda's Birdy's advance
on you so you can't can't ditch the
birdies during the fight with him
come here Oh oh fuck I thought I killed
you say I tell you Jackson you gotta use
the two-handed charge attack more that
shit that shit will fuck some things up
like my gun hey I know I know
nope nope that didn't do it that didn't
do it
I really thought I staggered him there
I'll be honest with you would you come
over here you horrible ticket there we
go and I think I need like 3,000 blood
echoes to get a Kirk hammer so that's
our goal we're gonna master the Kirk
hammer need winces another tip thank you
guys for all the laughs and keeping my
mind occupied through many difficult
times I hope these tips buy you a lot of
Swedish meatballs yeah yeah I do we're
getting the speaking Swedish meatballs
that IKEA were finally getting an Ikea
in Wisconsin and the closest IKEA before
hand was down in Schaumburg Illinois
yeah which you know it's quite a drive
from Milwaukee but we are getting an
Ikea I bet yeah I bet you traffic on the
highway by there's gonna be fucked for a
while super fucked
what
all those people going to ikea jack they
need their shit furniture yep yep we all
need our shitty furniture that's super
cheap and they got the meatballs I'm
shocked you didn't choose those guys I
really should have you know how but I
stopped I stopped paying attention so I
could talk about Ikea
I'm just curious do you know how to
choose them there's a really great way
to choose is there I mean you run into
the door at the bottom of those stairs
in that house they can't get through the
door I've never done that with them
before all the time all the time
oh rich fighting one of those guys at a
time easy yeah yeah fighting too much
much less easy let's check out your
supercharged attack here I'm too far
away
you
all right come here trollee let's try
that again
nope cute nothing I don't kendo soz did
you guys ever play the Onimusha wa games
on the ps2 any any the Onimusha I know
what they are I've seen them
I've never played them I'm looking for
some games where I can be a badass
samurai or ninja right now preferably
samurai any suggestions are appreciated
Samurai I'm not that fond of the game
but Miho neo is an option for you a lot
of people like a lot of people like it
ninja ninja gaiden ninja fucking gaiden
apparently if you have an Xbox one
they just did a an upscaled an upscale
of ninja gaiden that runs at 60 frames a
second on the Xbox one if you have a
PlayStation 3 there was the complete
they completely reworked the graphics
for the ps3 ok a Ninja Gaiden Sigma ok
so there's a couple options for you and
Ninja Gaiden wise but for me strong
Ninja Gaiden recommendation Ninja Gaiden
Sigma is horrible what's horrible about
it I will actually let Benji Gaiden
Sigma that's that's my ninja gaiden of
choice so I'm kind of curious what you
think is horrible about it
wait are there three of them the
monsters no go run downstairs run
downstairs run downstairs just run for
it rod I'm running run Forrest run
watch I'm tougher guy in there by the
way
oh no I took it okay
it feels dirty I love it I love it
come here come here
Ninja Gaiden Black is considered to be
the best I know it is I'm I'm fond of
Simba though I I don't I don't think
it's much of a downgrade as a game and
it looks really pretty the same game it
looks really pretty
they're both fine choices though if you
want to go with ninja gaiden black or
Sigma I'm saying Ninja Gaiden in general
whatever whatever version of it is a
pretty fine game
I died to cheese
did you die to the cheese tied to the
cheese right how did you die to the
cheese that's a great question the the
wolf reached in and gotten you have a
long whooping just stay a woman
did I do the cheese it's fine it's all
fine everything's fine I guess
it's gonna be fine tied to the cheese
lost my blood echoes this guy picked him
up
everything's gonna be fine take care of
these guys in here just in case I got a
high tide again they want you to try old
to while to handing helps oh you know
what I feel
I forget about l2 while TVs in here your
combo
finger just get like one of their
attention sigma2 is the worst offender
it removes enemies entirely in certain
levels removing enemy types removing the
gore flat-out worst version of Ninja
Gaiden 2 but that I'll grant you look
what I haven't tried yet and I'm I'm I
own it I just another one of those
things I haven't gotten around to is
there's a version of Ninja Gaiden 3 the
bad the bad one Ninja Gaiden 3
uh-huh I'm the WiiU that supposedly
fixes a lot of problems ok I tell you
jag you gotta go in the house and use
use the charge attack on that ax men
yeah that didn't work out so well for me
alright
apparently there's a different cheese
here which is they can't cross this this
threshold really yeah they're alright I
beat them slightly less cheese he's fine
more honourable yeah it's just just
slightly more horrible just gonna farm
some blood echoes and see if I can get
that Kirk hammer and we'll turn this
into a Kirk hammer run just for the
shits of it sorry what's cheese uh
finding an easy unintended way to get
past or beat a section of a game so if
if you know that for this case an enemy
got trapped in an area and it was really
easy to poke at them to do little bits
of Health and it was hard for them to
hit you cheese yeah oh this section is
really hard to get through oh look I can
get over this wall here and it's kind of
a glitch the developer did not intend
for you to do that cheese oh oh this
enemy respawns here every two minutes I
can just stay here kill this enemy to
farm for experience
she said cheese that's just far as I
just farming I think that's just farming
you know what I'm gonna call that a gray
area between cheese and fun how about
that cheese is not a glitch so if it's a
glitch it doesn't count as cheesing oh
that's that's that could be that could
be I'm gonna I'm gonna say there is a
Venn diagram with cheese and farming in
there that's that cheese cheese farming
exploits cheese farming right
the origin of the term is zergling rush
isn't it well let that still doesn't
explain why it's called cheese unless
the Zergs look like cheese I'm not a big
Starcraft guy
magical trevor 37 says jack and rich i
love this game soundtrack especially the
tune for major marcher Liguori like i
can't have can't pronounce things martyr
ligarius what is favorite / Lee's
favorite thing about blood-borne have
your thoughts changed on it since you
reviewed it my favorite is the
satisfying yet difficult combat yeah
and just in general I don't know there
is a least favorite that's pretty good
oh all oh no yeah I like it's pretty
good I'd like some I'd like some better
arcane gems your first time through
without having to get the new game+
before you get some really neat gems
that make an arcane build on a weapon
useful that's what I would change okay
that's pretty fair
do-do-do-do-do phenomenon oh yeah I got
open you from the other side I want to
get too far away because I'm close to
3,000 I think I only need 3,000 to get
the Kirk hammer so let's head over this
way let's kill some some innocent
doggies I do feel bad office
well you know blood echoes are blood
echoes you know I'm saying mm-hmm at the
end of the day I remember you I remember
you beat you the classic blood borne
like oh look a treat right here I guess
I'll pick this up and then there's a you
know dog blood-borne is something I have
frequently said is the the only reason
to keep your ps4 absolutely and until
this is on PC this is a great reason to
keep your ps4 yep
I'm looking forward to it I hope
hopefully it'll eventually come to PC
we'll just it'll just make my my my
electronics setup a little bit simpler
you'll no longer need an HDMI adapter
splitter right all the Naughty Dog games
I hate the Naughty Dog games though we
hate the Naughty Dog games so that
doesn't bother me at all right for it
for you oh yeah if I you may be sure
that's fine that's fine I enjoy what you
want but for me the second the second
blood-borne is available on PC I can I
can put the ps4 into storage I think
that's totally Farage this horizon zero
dawn on PC no but I'm not super big on
it actually one of the things I don't
like is that I it's a lot of aiming
aiming intensive with that bow and arrow
and I can't use a mouse right right
if it was on PC do you think it would it
would change your feelings on it I'd
like it more I don't know that it would
be one of my all-time favorites they
sure like to me I I really enjoyed it
and and and I think that makes that
helps make the case for the ps4 plus all
of the all of the games that are on the
ps4 that are also on PC like I I think
ps4 is a fine system and if you if you
are a console person and you need a
console I think the ps4 is the way to go
unless you want the switch but why not
have both Kirk hammer let's buy the Kirk
Cameron which how many computers have
you owned in your life well there's some
there's some gray areas with like some
some major upgrades like what does that
count for you know sure but I don't know
see I was a kid there was one my dad
built for me I was young
I was young swim home my dad built me
when I was younger
mmm is the first computer I had that
could run it was excited I could run
Doom well the original og the first one
I built on my own and it was it was
never intended to be a good PC it was
just like a trainer I bought like cheap
fucking parched just like something I
could build on my own and not worry
about it too much so I had that but that
was never intended to last me a long
time then like a year less than a yard
for that I built my first nice one there
five or six probably nothing closed for
five all right see what I have to do I
see what I have to do
I can't equip my Kirk hammer until I
have more strength I'm on it I'm fucking
into the breach is awesome
trout 9k it's a very good game I would
I'm really hoping that much like FTL
that's another one that comes to the
iPad just because that one of the joys
of into the breach is its small game
sighs like I have a strong feeling that
into the breach was specifically
designed to port over easily to a tablet
it looks like it's running off of the
same basic engine and so I can only
assume that they will be coming to
tablets but one battle and into the
breach takes what five minutes some of
those some of those icons though you're
supposed to click on think they look so
large and touch friendly I know I want
it I would love that on the iPad just so
like oh yeah I have five minutes what
can I do load up into the breach play
one battle to shut it down
now let's find a nice little okay let's
hang here for a second I need to take a
bathroom break okay my first computer
Jack your first kind of you had a what
the hard drive yeah there's a whopping
five gigabytes five gigabytes Jack
listen listen y'all I I remember the the
day that I spent a large amount of money
to buy a zip drive because we know we
had floppy drives which could hold like
120 megabytes yeah and then the zip
drive could hold files up to like 500
megabytes and I and you know like I was
like oh my god I could fit like 10 songs
on here this is gonna be great and like
you know it took a whole special adapter
to get my zip drive on my computer
Chad I'm familiar with the dark mob
actually I remember the earliest days of
the dark mob when it was just people in
a lookingglass forum talking about the
potential of making a doom mod a thief's
mod out of doom so I'm familiar with it
i'm i even actually haven't played the
the dark mod but I'm definitely familiar
with him the dark mod for anybody who's
confused people know I'm playing
Dishonored right now and the dark mod
it's it's kind of like a it's kind of
like thief with a new engine take a
fan-made thief game and dishonored is
very much like thief
all right what have we got going on here
this time it's lupus says hey guys it's
March Madness and I don't care but
because it's just the sort of thing
people do this time of year
give us your 4 to 1 seeds that is top 4
of best of the worst movies and then I'm
gonna really have we don't really have
seedings for best of the worst movies
that's cute that's cute
I had joked around about 4 best of the
worst doing March badness but that that
would require like we were talking about
movies again which that just defeats the
purpose of the show the best of the
worst
March Madness but March badness Mars bad
that's what I wanted to call it okay I'm
down but it's fundamentally flawed you
can't you can't bring a movie back on
the show after you've already done it
sure doesn't work it would not work
that's absolutely fair round 2 would
just be a lot of rehashing
