Episode 979
Man vs. Slay
March 18, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_08XqMCRvg
___________________________________________

do your thing here's a mouse I don't
think that holy moly everyone sweet I
cannot recommend that game I'm very
sorry but I was really and and it might
go somewhere after that after that you
know like I had just gotten this is
absolutely not showing up right
what before I start typing in
information you know the steam that is
absolutely not showing up that is
absolutely not showing up the thing you
are typing into steam is not showing up
but I I really really it could go
somewhere I don't want to be like I
don't I don't want to be hypercritical
yes yeah okay okay
something something just fell down rich
oh don't forget to change the name in
xsplit I'll change it in industry or in
twitch so I just got to like the end
part of the first mission the guy who
set me free from jail so it might have
gone somewhere after that all right it
married alright so I don't want to be
like overly harsh on it but I really
thought I've been playing for four hours
and I was like man it's time to call it
quits and it's only been two yeah whole
whole muli expire save great so what's
going on Chad how you doing huh how's
everyone feeling tonight and how we how
we roll in how we how we how we doing
y'all
the game feels like 2/3 done some good
potential but they haven't really that
it could be like maybe after that point
it gets really awesome but like we
noticed already some weird enemy AI with
that one guy who wouldn't leave the
carpet that well weird they don't they
probably don't want to make it too easy
for you to get in that one door but
instead of him turning away he could
stare at you the entire time until you
get out of there I don't know there's
there's a better way to do it yeah yeah
the the stealth in general was a little
too easy
there was a lot here before everyone
starts bitching mercilessly yeah you
know what they like they like all this
stuff they like all this stuff rich I
know like turn the master down to maybe
25 or 30 shadows how's the sound
I'm saying fine sound dope spooky sounds
good sounds good to me good to go fine
fine sounds fine okay can't hear the
game it's okay
sounds good the green screen Oh what's
wrong with the green screen
did we mess up the green screen no that
looks fine that looks fine I think this
is the route
do the daily chant look I will just be
happy if one of us can beat this game on
stream a feat we have yet to do yeah
it's true that's true but it you know
it's tough because you need that you
need some randomness you need some luck
the left of me is showing but this could
knocked around or something I know let
me check again yeah
what are you talking about
you can kind of see like the edge of the
box like like the green screen is a
little darker than everything no
everything's fine I don't know what
you're talking about
Rich's your right arm was cut off a
little bit but listen we're not we're
not a hundred percent today because we
don't have the right camera thing but
it'll be fine
yes we're going perfectly the strike
okay it's a decent card found it
perfected strike yam oh that's the
strike bonus yeah yeah yeah it's a good
that's a great guy yeah but it also
means I got to keep all those little she
strikes with me yeah and and get more
strikes I'm I'm not super worried well
okay all right what do you guys think is
Spielberg's best movies as anonymous
it's a tough call between always and
1941 Raiders of the Lost Ark that's a
great one well judges give me Shin you
gave me no shield when I need it you
give me all the shields when I don't
need them uh-huh
make a strength attack Matt if I'm going
for a perfected strike run strength is
worthless if you're doing a perfected
strike run yeah strike strike strike
strike strike close encounters I think
might be one of my favorite Spielberg
movies just a just a slow burn with with
with a magical ending Close Encounters
might be might be up there for me
Jurassic Park for me personally is
number one yeah fucking love Jurassic
Park
so yeah dress park raiders close
encounters nothing surprising here no
Spielberg has made amazing movies a fat
in fact word has it I know it's a little
muddled right now cuz not a lot of
people have seen it yet but word has it
that he was able to adapt a pretty
terrible book into a decent movie word
on the street is that ready player one
might be a decent movie I'll be
delighted if he still hasn't wouldn't
that be crazy yeah and and given the
source material that would be a he's a d
be a damn magician rich
is it getting good reviews um slightly
mixed but I've heard more good things
than bad things and I think it's only
played it's only played like twice at
South by Southwest and so I'm saying
like eighty people have seen the movie
total who can talk about it nice you're
kind of rocking it though with the
amount of straight-up nostalgia
pandering I'm sure so many people are
gonna like this movie it's the worst
boss the worst
cuz what does he do he gets stronger if
you use you can't use you can't easily
use a shield shield right and so you're
almost guaranteed to take a ton of
fucking damage fighting this guy mm-hmm
yeah yeah yes I am a 420 or there is
very little middle ground I've heard a
lot of people say that they love it I've
heard some people say they've hate it
but I've heard more positive than
negative don't do it don't do it make
him stronger
tactical tactical black jacket we talked
about this last time I'm taking taking
three damage instead of six and if I get
the right card so be dead this he's dead
the sternum okay
all right that was absolutely the right
thing to do all right Stephen hasn't
made a decent movie since Lincoln
perfected strike and I'm not getting any
fucking strike cards that's why I don't
like the fected strike just start over
man just just start over
yeah the adventures of tintin was a good
movie did you see that the Tintin movie
the animated 3d animated one by
Spielberg it was pretty decent that was
a fun little adventure yeah I gave up a
feed I think it's overrated you what
feed the card the one they owe to help
kill the guy over that card no to
permanent maximum whatever hopefully
what maximum health could be it could be
good it's one of those things could be
good observation Tron no I I'm sure
you're being a bit hyperbolic
Tuvok do right Tuvok Zurich says Jack I
finally saw spider-man homecoming what a
fun refreshing movie yes that was really
good right that's really it's just a
good movie man good spider-man good
spider-man movies I want to rewatch that
oh did you hear
speaking of spider-man yeah the the the
the two dudes who wrote spider-man
homecoming yeah
now are directing the flash movie all
right as the as the fifth and sixth
director attached I'd see the flash man
I'd rather they were writing the next
spider-man movie I mean they might they
might be doing that as well but they
have they've officially signed on to
direct the flash movie which may or may
not still be flash points at this point
we don't know if they're going to
rewrite the flash movie but interesting
choice after writing spider-man
homecoming I believe they directed that
game night movie with the comedy that
with Jason Bateman
so yes
DC is just picking up Marvel's leftovers
first they pegged Josh Wheaton Joss
Wheaton and now the the spider-man
homecoming guys I am getting the the
absolute worst mid bosses
oh yeah that's good
yeah New Mutants got pushed back I know
I was looking forward to that too
I was looking forward to that too
can we just get a reboot to clean out
that Zack Snyder grime well that that's
the rumor is that that's what flashpoint
is flashpoint is going to be after
Aquaman which will be underwater so
won't have anything to do with the
Snyder verse is they're gonna they're
gonna flashpoint themselves out of the
Snyder verse hopefully
if we want some good movies out of it
what a non DC fanboy even care if they
used flashpoint to reboot the DC EU who
would care at that point that knowledge
junkie that is a really important
question I think and I'm not I'm not
joking is do general audiences care
about shared movie universes rich Evans
yes because that's what's working for
Marvel obviously there's something to
this yes yes
so if general theater going audiences
understand the concept of shared movie
universes then you would need a big
continuity reset like people people in
general like your average Joe movie goer
knows what a reboot is they understand
the concept that this is a new
continuity this is a new reality oh
you're getting shit cards man if you're
going for your strike deck
when did movies become TV serials when
Marvel took over the goddamn world
so in any case if people care about
cinematic universes then they do want
some sort of logical explanation as to
why they're in universe they're in movie
universe is changing
reboot has been rebooted I saw I saw
that reboot has been rebooted into
Mighty Morphin reboot what did you do
you remember that like early 90s like oh
yeah you should reboot was great yes yes
it was great their rebooting reboot okay
reboot will be a show again but instead
of taking place in the mainframe its
Mighty Morphin reboot in which kids from
the real world have in mainframe avatars
that they use to fight the virus and it
looks kind of lame hmm
I really like the reboot
they fucking live-action it yes there
will be live-action segments with like
kids like you know high school kids and
they like have their in-game avatars
that's the reboot reboot
yeah the original concept was great it's
just like you know it was Toy Story
before Toy Story what if your computer
was real not getting the cards to do
anything interesting at this point I
just kind of want to get to the main
boss and die sure sure
the master 20,000 I don't think so have
you seen the new Blade Runner yet okay
no he isn't
Jack Black Lightning has been great
lately although I still don't fully get
his power set that's fair I have not I
am so far behind on all the CW superhero
shows as a plate I haven't seen black
lightning flash
Supergirl air I haven't seen any of it
random relic interesting interesting
strats yeah if I die here I'm gonna just
consider it all right off ok that's fair
that's fair Jessica Jones season 2 so
far so good it's a little slower than
season 1 I talked about this a little
bit on Sunday I forgot what day it was
but I feel that Jessica Jones and this
is no spoilers Jessica Jones does a far
better job than any of the other Marvel
Netflix shows in integrating the whole
monster as monsters metaphor thing using
the superhero genre to talk about
something a little deeper Jessica Jones
does that better than any of the other
shows mostly because the other shows
don't do that but while season 1 Jessica
Jones was all about kind of getting over
trauma they used trauma as a vehicle of
a little revenge story so it had a
little more visceral action to it had a
little Momentum's season 2 is about kind
of darker i I want to say like more
Boehringer things it's about an
addiction and depression and abusive
parents and it doesn't have that
visceral nature to it of the revenge
story like season one had
so I didn't like Luke Cage mr. shy smile
and I don't think Luke Cage did a good
job at what it was trying to do that's
my personal opinion dog so I think
Jessica doing season two is really good
but it's just a little a little not as
you know punchy but I like it I still
like it i think i think it's it's doing
what i like most about the genre which
is trying to use the superhero structure
to tell a deeper story
well good yeah no I'm so I'm liking it
so far I I still I haven't finished it
yet
I served two more episodes before I'm
finished but but I'm liking it it's
doing some good stuff doing some
interesting stuff does everyone in the
Marvel Netflix show punch things yes you
got daredevil he's a punchy guy Jessica
Jones is a punchy Luke Cage is a punchy
iron fist like that's
he's a punchy and well the putt no the
Punisher is more of a shootie than a
punchy but he also punches so a little
bit of us
that's not good
the latchkey kid says jacked you
actually like what they're doing with
Trish they're ruining her eye everything
is ruined all the time
listen no I I really do like what
they're doing with Trish I don't I I
don't know how it ends yet because I
haven't gotten to the ending yet but oh
it's over no it's over yeah they're
really oh yeah yeah sorry it's fine
excellent right I was getting crab cards
Thanks oh don't don't stop stop
you did it you fucker they did it no I
do like what they're doing the tracer
like I said they're they're kind of
exploring they're kind of exploring a
different Avenue here and you know Trish
and Malcolm and Jessica and Trish and
Malcolm and Jessica all have you know
addictions and they are trying to talk
about the different ways addiction
affects people and I think that's it's
there but they're doing it with you know
superhero stuff and that's neat
I like it
now I was looking pretty fine this
season I must say he's been bulking man
Malcolm did you see Jessica Jones season
1 and no ok she had a little friend in
season 1 and he came back in season 2
juiced just ripped he's putting together
a sizzle reel he wants to get into
cinematic universe so it's like I'm
going to start puffing up now see if I
can be Thor's sidekick next just old
cool
well latchkey kid I like I haven't
finished it I myself two more episodes
to go so I don't know how her addiction
arc is going to end but so far I like I
like where they're going I like where
they're going with her
and I know that she's in the comics or
in the comic universe she's Hellcat but
you know this is a this is a different
universe so and I'd know nothing about
Hellcat I don't know do you know
anything about the character Hellcat
she's called Hellcat that's what I know
I know they go they go they go
yeah cinema and III agreed the the Luke
Cage storyline was all over the place
the action was weak
I even think the the social commentary
they were going for was was incredibly
muddled I just did not like that Luke
Cage and I tried because I really liked
him in Jessica Jones I think he was a
really good addition to Jessica Jones
season 1 but he's getting a season two
and we're getting more misty night and
misty night was a great character
fucking love misty night
what about Black Panther it's a fine
movie just fine
but you know a lot of people really like
it it's just fine it's pretty good it's
pretty good
misty night does sound like a porn star
name
she is the detective in the Luke Cage
show and I would rather have a show
that's nice I would rather have a show
just about misty night she was she was a
hard-working detective and she she had
to me she had more of a more of a thing
than Luke Cage did Erie Theory no no I
don't
dr. chug but mud yes
misty night lost her arm in the
defenders so in season two of Luke Cage
she's gonna get a cool ass robot on and
they've already shown the pictures of
her with a cool ass robot arm watch
movies I like robot arms super cool
there's fuckin guy
is this this this fight sucks I'm like
I'm losing half my health and there's
not a fucking thing I could do about it
that's right paisa tray and everyone
here right now rich is a nerd nerd nerds
mom there's own kono I have not seen
annihilation yet I'm very sorry I'm
looking forward to seeing anihilation I
haven't got around to it yet I hope I
will be able to see it soon that's good
so what's the strats so far do you have
one or just just still a shield shield
we need we need some other cards we need
some other cards all right that's all I
got right now if you upgrade your
bodyslam it's a free yeah okay that's
good
to Vox do-right you might be new here
but I effing loved the witch I think the
which is great I think the the which is
damn near perfect movie and and I loved
it
it's creepy its atmospheric all the
actors are great the the monster as
metaphor is on point and it's all great
the witch is fantastic
so I'm pretty new thanks well yeah you
know it's it's just one of those it's
just one of those movies that that nails
the metaphor and and I was super excited
to see him Jack can you explain monster
as metaphor yeah that is something I say
a lot it's something that that I really
enjoy in movies and I use it kind of as
a collect all like you know the metaphor
of the movie but so like like a really
easy one is Godzilla the the purpose of
you know Godzilla is a giant lizard that
sometimes wrecks cities and sometimes
defend cities against other monsters
right yeah and the the metaphor for
Godzilla is nuclear power in general
which can be very helpful but especially
for you know Japan has caused a lot of
devastation and so Godzilla is this is
the embodiment of the good and bad sides
of nuclear power monster is metaphor
and I feel that genre movies work best
when they are trying to say something
and use their monster to to say
something
and and so like if you watch no time
this is a hard choice so wait what do
you look what are you going for you you
you're going from a block you could
upgrade another body slam and then you'd
have two free body slams
but do you what's what kind of shield
are you getting right now well that's
that's the thing for this is worth yeah
I need good shield cards but body slam
is a great card to have with his
shielding yeah
what does the lovage representative of
äj--
so with I'm trying not to spoil the
witch too much the the metaphor behind
the witch is the kind of pressures and
stigmas put on young girls or put on
girls in general and the the entire
movie is literally about a girl growing
up and the pressures and stigmas put
upon her but it also has a witch that
eats babies and so you get to have that
the the fun monster stuff with the
social metaphor try not to get too
spoilery with the witch but that sounds
lame Jack ain't no odds of of the most
people well there's the boss do you
consider the witch to have a happy
ending I do I do consider the witch to
have a
oh nice oh my god oh fucking nice how
did you that even happen the zero class
Oh notice I got a card that doubles
block but how did you start with 25
block I start with 10 block from one of
the items yeah then I had shrug it off
upgraded at 11 shield 92 plus I have a
card that doubles your shield right and
then 2 body slams oh that was a great
starter deck man there's a hand that was
a great starter hand you're not gonna
give me any credit there's gonna give
the RNG the credit just me Ivan I've
been selecting these cards and forget
carefully you get the implied credit for
selecting the cards and then the RNG
gets the direct credit you but your
credit is applied yeah hi science I
imply isn't that analogy and not
metaphor shouldn't it be analogy monster
but alliteration sounds better so
monster is metaphor just sounds better
it might be an analogy it might be an
illusion illusion not illusion it might
be a lot of things but monster as
metaphor to me just sounds better so
that's why I use it
yeah I'm really excited to see
thoroughbreds I know it has that it has
Anya Taylor joy in it from the witch and
from split and she's a fantastic actress
and I'm looking forward to seeing
thoroughbreds
do-do-do-do-do okay where are we here in
tips ed Oquendo says have you guys ever
played burnout paradise is that a racing
game yes it's getting remastered for
some reason it's a racing game with the
sensibilities of the master of cinema
Michael Bay I don't know if I've ever
played it yeah not really
I don't play many racing games I mean
besides you know for me besides
mariokart mariokart ed o crumb says hey
guys I want to thank you for bringing
that gem into the public eye with best
of the worst
kids these days really need to know
about roundhouse
that's all J man he was yeah I had never
heard of it he was on top of that
roundhouse like in the second we saw
that first bands
he's a roundhouse that was all J just
route J the Roundhouse man's master he
loved roundhouse apparently dr. Lou but
up says my sister showed me a trailer
for spectacular spider-man the other
days have you guys come across it looks
like another origin reboot and the
trailer is kind of awful I'm not
convinced it's real I don't think this
is I thought you were talking about the
cartoon show at first which I was gonna
say it was great I have no idea what
you're talking about doctor leave it up
for the trailer for spectacular
spider-man
I'm gonna look at I'm gonna look for you
in chat so you can explain yourself
doctor lube it up Chad what do you think
I'm not going for a strength deck so I
can't really take full advantage of
Reaper immolate Emily is that the way to
go sounds one card if the chosen card is
a status or curse deal 10 damage to all
enemies or I get to max HP I think so
too yeah yeah that's it that's a safe
choice lose one HP and draw one card
every turn I'm not a fan of slowly
whittling away my health yeah but you're
just not you get an extra card
yeah it's great I likes things that give
me more energy but not this one not this
one all enemies have yeah sorry which
one did you choose transform three cars
yeah I don't know that I came ahead with
that no the the animated spider-man this
low framerate is enter the spider verse
is that spectacular that spectacular
spider-man right that's just called
spider-man enter the spider version sure
is that what it's called
there was that spectacular
yeah that's just called spider-man into
the spider-verse that's not spectacular
spider-man unless doctor lube it up
that's the spider-man you're talking
about Jack spectacular spider-man is
live action it looks like a
direct-to-video type of movie hold on
I'm looking this up looking it up
this is Scotty Thicke
fan oh it's it's fan made at least the
the trailer I see the spectacular
spider-man 2017 movie trailer HD dylan
o'brien marvel reboot fan made fake fake
fake all fake super fake sounds like
some fishing for views absolutely super
fake Jesus oh Jesus it's beautiful no
you got yourself a beautiful combination
there
barricade no Eric aide
Oh a barricade would be would be clutch
I don't like this two rooms you have two
ones no the one card gives you two bozos
yeah yeah it's kind of at the end of the
turn lose one HP deal foot so that's at
each at the end of each turn if you play
a combusts Trev medev thank you yes the
new best the worst I thought was pretty
good I thought was pretty fun I'm super
glad you guys got to see partners that's
that's been that's been a favorite of
ours for a long time
triple the chance of how you deal with
that I think that was a good trade all
right
and what did you give up for that seven
health seven permanent health oh all
right yeah I mean you stubbed 95 that's
not bad
what's flowey
every three turns I get an extra well
there you go
extra thing you know oh my God look at
this rich it's murder time yes it is
who he it's murder time oh Jesus Christ
it's murder time to have any other
Shield cards now I don't know but you
what you did have to have the thing that
gives you bonus shields right I mean is
that what the blue one blue potion does
I could do that I could oh it just gives
you 12 block well no I mean cuz I never
been an extra 20 damage I probably
should have used it but I didn't well
you can't think I'll be okay you but you
can kill the main guy no matter what
right that's all you need to do oh
that's right they're minions yeah yeah
you fine you're fine
yes
whoo rich whoo dang rich
the SU abides has read an article
recently of the top-20 drunkest city in
the US
my towns aim and I have any more strikes
left yeah
aims a I was number nineteen Milwaukee
was number twenty booyah bitches o Yemen
metal eyes would be great
slowly gain shields you need you need
barricade keep keep all your shield
barricade would be would be the clutch
right now do it do it do it
yeah I should have I should have
upgraded that shield man yep do it sorry
the su abides
yes we're we are very drunks city many I
think we're one of the very few cities
that has more bars per capita than
churches Madison our capital and closest
you know big city neighbor is way up
there with a drunken city which is not a
lot to do in the Midwest so we drink
where you come from
exhausting card unless that mistaken
with the shovel you dig every time if
you don't need healing relics too strong
the well rich you can only do one thing
at a fire and so you can either heal
upgrade a card or rich got the shovel so
you could dig for a relic and rich might
have wanted to upgrade a card
I think digging for a relic was the
right call button
50 with him should I go up to the big
guy with a bash I might be able to kill
him hmm
you know generally you want to hit the
lady first just because she heals and
adds strength but if you can kill him
I'm pretty sure I can kill him well cuz
what that's 50 yeah you can kill him
yeah then you find any good then you're
good man oh that's right you have dead
the dead branch and fiend fire look at
what the dead branch does yeah I don't
but it's random cards it's random cards
it actually could backfire well it could
but also you just get more cards almost
but not quite
Wisconsin also has more bars than
grocery stores by the way that's true we
like to drink you 
Jack: Anonymous says, have either of you ever seen Dark City? What are your thoughts on...
Rich: Love it.
Jack: ...noir?
Rich: I absolutely Love Dark City. It's a science fiction noir movie.
Jack: It's been too long since I've seen it. I can't even remember most of it.
Rich: Yeah, yeah.
Jack: I've seen it, but I don't even remember, I, like, at this point, I might as well say I haven't because I don't remember it.
Rich: Deals with issues of identity, memory, and the soul, Jack. It's some deep shit. It's some really deep shit.
Jack: You talking monsters metaphor, dawg? I'm with ya.
Rich: I'm talking metaphor as metaphor.
Jack: What?!? That's great. That's great. Yeah, that's on my list to rewatch. I remember watching it and enjoying it way back in the day, but...Dark City was 1998. Really?
Rich: Came out in, in, during Titanic madness, actually.
Jack: Oh, yeah? It got swept under the Titanic?
Rich: Yep, it did
Jack: I would believe that. Everything did.
fucking sorry to do anything
all right anonymous says thank you for
restocking the rlm merch no problem man
I finally got a very cool shirt and I'm
so excited yes thanks for everything you
guys do yeah there's a reason rich is
tired today yeah there's a reason then
what he's been working keeping those
shelves stocked
anonymous is Jack I know you have a
lists but I'm still waiting for my Mario
Cart challenge stream and Smash Brothers
rich yes
when will Jack be as cool as you and
find a game he can solo stream is pretty
cool and I've just several solo streams
I often do morning solo streams well
just dream for a couple of hours you
know you're king a guy's eclair huh your
kick act binding a kick-ass binding of
issac blur I do try I do try binding of
issac you know I just feel like I did
pretty well blood-borne
the other day
don't do it that that's another I can do
tits like 20 extra damage I could do to
them now if I don't use this yeah so
that I say don't do it over time how
long this battle gonna last
161 health yeah yeah don't forget about
your shield potion and I got in trench
yeah fuck it I would definitely fuck it
yep
wait wait wait what wait what this
doubles the shield your friend yeah
you're fine you're fine sorry I was just
I just wanted to make sure you kill him
this round I'm not going to kill him but
I am doing a lot of damage oh don't you
have your own oh I'm sorry I thought you
had your other body slam no no no well I
was saying wait cuz you have your your
shield potion yeah and I thought you had
your other body slam so but like you
could use it this round too so you also
hit him it was probably better to save
it for this run because he's going to
hit you again
crush that hand knife thing I will I
will
oh my god Myrtle ate him you're gonna
you're gonna extra Myrtle ate him just
for just because he's a four yucks oh
you got your max HP back just for you ex
yeah and actually anonymous I don't
remember what the Mario Cart challenge
stream was and Smash Brothers is like
any other fighting game where I think
it's gonna get old after a while I'll
probably want to play Dishonored - not
to sound her - what's the DC fighting
game and justice injustice - before I
play Smash Brothers just because just
for the story mode because that's that's
kind of what kept injustice interesting
is just going through the story and
seeing all the ridiculous stuff so I'd
I'd probably rather play that most of my
cards aren't really upgraded unless I'm
gonna play smash brawl which has their
like story mode which could be fun son
get out of here bash get out of here
bash I don't like you bash she's gone
you're not helping bash
uh yeah we finished the story of
injustice right we'd you streamed it
yeah yeah we streamed that whole thing
it took us four hours Superman fought
evil Superman and we once and then we we
played some more as other wacky
characters what if the smash for the
switch has a story mode that I think
I've said this before like I think brawl
might be one of my favorite smashes if
not my favorite smashes because of their
cool side-scrolling beat-em-up story
mode it was over the top and I loved it
and I think that was the one with with
snake and with the pokemon trainer and I
think that was my favorite I love brawl
I hope they I hope they bring something
like that back
smash on smash smash on switch will get
me to buy one it's you know it's
switches of fine consoles got some fine
games dad brawl was for the Wii who's
for the Wii not the Wii U
alright this could be a magic or is that
for the cube
what was brawl for someone someone help
someone who knows the answer which one
was before where all was for we melee
was on queue but thank you mister glitch
yeah brawl was on we and that was the
one that had the little story mode and I
thought it was great I still have my Wii
U so I could still play ball
Becky got plates as rich yeah I know you
hate Star Wars very much so yes
and I pretty much feel the same way now
haven't you ever wanted to just grab a
hammer and go around smashing every copy
while laughing maniacally I'd rather
just leave me alone
honestly sure yeah you don't want to
ruin it for don't you just don't want to
be any part of it
I don't have anything an exhausted oh
yes that actually wouldn't be so bad
right he's killing it you're killing it
I'm absolutely fucking killing it
ah Jesus you're killing it
yeah
although all that shield is really
paying off
what oh oh oh oh god your was that world
- yeah it's it's it's like it doesn't
even matter
you know what now I'm getting to my deck
pretty quick I don't need this I don't
really need this either well I mean
Healing ten at the end of each combat
mmm I know you don't you know no no it
just means when you get to the fire you
can either dig for a relic or upgrade a
card without it without question because
you're gaining health back right what is
that what is the pyramid do cards don't
leave your hand uh that's that's that's
changing too much about the way my deck
works and my deck is working really well
okay so yeah instead of healing six at
the end of every battle you now heal ten
at the end yeah battle that's really
nice because then you just don't have to
worry about your health and obviously
you have a million shields button
but why wouldn't you just take the
pyramid for free well like rich just
explained it would change the dynamic of
how his hands work because the pyramid
means you just don't discard any cards
and if you remember you can only hold
ten cards at a time which means he could
actually get stuck holding cards that
that would be useless to him
that's gone thanks for watching that
last best of the worst was quite
something I'm just so glad that partners
is out into the world now I just I'm so
excited about it
Everett just everyone knowing it exists
it's it's a tour de force of terrible
filmmaking and I hope you all get a
chance don't you mean a tour too far no
no no as the prep response well some
partners that wheel wheel the worst at
one point I don't know was it
Jimmy Colin episode if the first Shimon
Colin episode makes me o appearance Oh
with the gymkata episode oh okay and I
wasn't there for that like none of them
had more than 5000 likes of rehab what
don't need to kill them
yeah some of the stories coming out of
that guy who apparently was the was on
the shoot is pretty
he's pretty uh can you only use that
once this yeah no no I'm just I could
kill somebody and use fire fiend on the
other and get rid of a lot of cards that
are working for me if I use fire fiend
sure and get random cards yes yeah what
was ghost of a tale like space could
ever it was kind of boring the first
hour is a joy it's adorable and then it
got really old really fast and when we
stopped playing it I had I thought the
stream was over but I we were almost
dreaming for a couple hours and I
thought was four hours so it got a
little boring it might pick up after
that but I don't know
wait what stories executive horse wife
if you go to the Isle of our names all
the new executive horse wife come in to
set calling somebody that during like a
board meeting
I've chair would like to recognize
executive horse wife executive horse
wife has a motion to expand the budget
by 40% let's hear your proposal
executive horse if you go to the red
letter media subreddit reddit.com slash
are slash red letter media there is a
thread of someone who claims that they
were the original director of
photography on partners in fact all of
the nice footage as we were mentioned in
partners it looked like they used
several different cameras all that nice
footage is what this person supposedly
shot and then decided to leave the
production after a series of unfortunate
events after not getting paid realizing
that the director might not know what he
was doing
so he's been answering questions about
the production of apparently he he
uncovered some old raw footage that is
really exciting
I say supposedly and apparently because
you know we don't know this person and
it could be an elaborate ruse button
my favorite my favorite thing to come
out of of that unofficial reddit AMA is
someone asks this guy about all the
blurry footage and what you know what
was the director thinking with all this
blurry footage and according to this
person
Pete's a Ango thought that he could fix
the blurry footage in post and that's
just adorable
it's just adorable
so head over there and just watch all
the questions and answers it's it's
entertaining huh you're gonna get that
at like the enemy before the end boss
and it's just not going to do you any
good
all right I don't really want to get rid
of any of these cards
our mince isn't sexy enough armament
that's not sexy Afghan five-block
upgrade a card
most of my cards are already upgraded
though yeah don't worry about it
cuz I'm any skilled card I get his
upgrade and with my shield strat I'm
taking mostly skill cards sure sure they
did have a block potion if you wanted to
just grab a potion or save your money
for the next are you even running into a
next job that's not the worst idea you
know just have an additional block thank
you Jack that's not the worst idea I
that's what I try to do is just not have
utterly terrible that's the bar I try to
hit
I know I shouldn't do this up all right
but I just I just did it but you perfect
route I just I know I shouldn't I just
did it oh it's so wrong what are we
doing it's just so wrong but it feels so
right
I will get Diddy Kong I have yet to be
able to find and I look to this weekend
rich I was all up in my basement yeah
looking for dinner Kong and it is lost
to the ages and I have no idea where it
went
it's really upsetting get a fuckin new
one I know but I have it it's somewhere
I'm turning into my home or I'm turning
into my mother rich this is my problem
this is my talking earlier about junk
stores and how I love junk stores you
know I love things if if it weren't for
my wife whom I love I would probably be
a hoarder I I have that personality I
want all the things and I lose things
and buy second versions of those things
only to then find the first version of
those things constantly so it's gonna
happen is I'm gonna biased a second copy
of diddy kong only to find my first copy
and then have two copies of diddy kong
racing for the Nintendo 64
we better call Annie for Jack oh it
would be bad
III I'm very fortunate that I have
someone who who's willing to to lay the
smackdown on me if I go good cop if I uh
if I hoard too much and I do like even
even now it's getting to the point where
my office needs a needs a tossing a
dumping run I still think you should
play pokemon snap I actually have never
played pokemon snap is that even a game
or do you just go around taking pictures
of Pokemon I think you just go around
taking pictures of Pokemon
Jack's office looks like the nerd crew
set no I have very little tchotchkes
it's all just stuff it's just little
stuff that I came in with cables cables
everywhere hard drives everywhere
paperwork I have little notes everywhere
like today I bought 16 lenses and so I
have 16 lenses on my desk I'll find a
place for them eventually controllers
keyboards just everything's there just
shit just shit on my desk and I don't
need any way dead branch is just adding
a bunch of useless shit in my hand can
you get well well then you know not to
use as a dead branch this house thing I
can do well but you used a fiend fire
write it only it only works if you
exhaust a card and you only have like
you have very few cards that that
exhaust right why 16 lenses Becky oh you
got pipe maybe you missed the story
earlier I went to a junk store this
morning and they were they were selling
all of these quasi nice lenses for
extraordinarily cheap but I had to buy
the bundle of them but it was like 16 or
18 lenses $10 a piece and some of them
are actually nice lenses that I will end
up using and so I spent most of my
afternoon cleaning and inspecting lenses
and so I just have 16 tiny little lenses
on a desk is that like a thrift store
it's like a thrift store mixed with an
overstock store mixed with a junkyard
it's just a store with the random
assortment of everything and you never
know what you're gonna find like right
next aisle the camera here was a hundred
brand new spatulas and they were selling
those for a buck apiece
and I love junk stores I love thrift
stores I like because I like stuff we've
talked about this I have a problem I
have a back of a hoarding problem I want
all the stuff
I like what you like a lot
yeah so now you have 99 new spatulas I
did not look at this
oh how did you get that exhausted came
up randomly oh my god yeah oh my god oh
my god are you gonna murder both of them
good one go that was amazing that was
gosh dang amazing
mummy buddy 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
this says glad I could catch the stream
just curious are you guys fans of on
cinema who I don't know who they are I'm
sorry I reach and I have talked about
this in the past I'm sorry it's big four
year itch
but we don't watch many other YouTube
review shows yeah yeah you know every
once in a while there's a few people
that I still this is such a good decade
this is such an insanely good deck oh
well yes yes it is on cinema is the show
that Tim Heidecker started oh okay
so those lenses what kind of mounts are
they they're all seamounts they're old
like CCTV and an TV camera lenses so
they're all c-mount lenses so I'll need
an adapter see mount 2 micro four-thirds
but there will be no adjustment for that
see mount can go kind of seamlessly onto
a micro confluence and generally we see
mount lenses there's going to be a
little blurring on the edges but if I
shoot in 4k I can bump it up a little
bit and not have to worry about
none of us is rich yeah I wasn't trying
to be a dick about suggesting an empire
commentary track I wasn't mad at you I
wasn't ready
we're cool Don okay it's just that you
Mike and J rated so highly and I don't
really get to and I don't really see it
and would be curious to hear you guys
out that's right I'm just I'm just Star
Wars doubt
I'm Star Wars down you're gonna need a
break like two months keep it but you'll
never get that break because something's
about to come out and then you'll want
to break in on the next star where the
episode nine is gonna come out and then
the Boba Fett movie and then the new
trilogy starting and then the the
Princess Leia prequel you know how did
she become princess we don't know you
know
I'll never end up using it it's fine
it's fine but you also have the thing
that that just gained strength have
returned
there anything for me no no the the
cloth it's not a return there just
started you come back you know you get
one and they'd never multiplies oh yeah
oh shit
alright well you get you know plus one
string that's something that's something
I'll kill any of them yeah let's see
here captain president says hey guys
Jack you mentioned that you might be a
fan of Ryan Johnson after seeing the
Star Wars that's a lot of one attack
coming my way oh shit yeah yes I am a
fan of Ryan Johnson after seeing the
Star Wars have you had a chance to see
brick the Brothers Bloom and or looper
each are fun and entertaining the answer
is no I have not seen any of his other
movies but I am going to I really like
looper has been high up on my list for a
long time now and I don't necessarily
know why I haven't seen it because I've
heard nothing but good things and I
think it's a movie I would enjoy that
sucks you're gonna get hit yeah probably
just a little bit you're gonna get hit
for too rich you can take it gonna be
fine
so yeah I'm excited to see looper at
least so now I'll probably go back to
most of his movies but but I think the
the new this the Star Wars comes out
soon for a purchase on the television
and I'm interested in rewatching that
but I really liked it already
unit 603 idiots is rich and Jake you
often seem stumped about what to play
while I say play what you like it's been
a while since you've done an adventure
game or any other vintage game it would
be neat if you did I agree and in fact
the back up for today I mean let me show
you guys what I brought I've invested in
something pretty cool
what's up what's that what's up what
what what is that Super Nintendo this is
a this is called the super NT and it's a
Super Nintendo it's got a cartridge slot
for super nintendo it's got the the
ports for the controllers but what's
that my friend HDMI out that's an HDMI
out this is a super NT a Super Nintendo
that you can play your Super Nintendo
games that has an HDMI out and upscaling
and all that gorgeous gorgeous stuff so
I actually brought that with Super Mario
World and well madness isn't the worst
things grab my dick I don't want to
clutter up my deck with crap I don't
need Horry yeah
or you clutter it with one thing and
lose and and you know yeah yeah Becky
got plates that's a long conversation
yeah so yeah we're gonna put we're play
turtles in time I brought Super Mario
all-stars which has all three original
Super Mario games and I brought Super
Mario World because honestly that's what
I felt like playing is just super mario
but we asked the chat and they wanted to
see the sneaky mouse game which didn't
work out life doesn't always work out
but I have it we're gonna do that one of
these days is we're just gonna play
through all the Mario games and that'll
be great
no you want to see the new game I get it
make sure you update it to the latest
firmware yes yes I did all of that
thoughts on the sneaky mouse game I got
a little bored with it
I might pick it up and just play for
like another half hour hour just to see
if it goes anywhere cuz I just got done
with like the first thing but it was
moving really slow for my tastes
it was it was a it was a fine suggestion
I'm not mad at the chat for wanting to
see a new game he hates you I never ever
forgive you we just realized it was the
wrong call you know like it's not the
first time say a group of voters have
have picked someone and then it turned
out to be the utterly wrong decision and
you know sometimes the loud voice of the
few over is louder than the smaller
voice of the many it just turned out
wrong and we're gonna fix it we're gonna
fix it guys don't you worry we're gonna
fix it we're gonna fix it all
yeah Emoto MIMO coming up so anyway I
got the Mario games we're gonna play the
Mario games very excited about that
I have an idea for an episode that I
might want to do and I don't know if
rich wants to do it I'm gonna talk about
it I'm gonna talk about it with him
afterwards because I don't want to I
don't want to bring it up to y'all
like so rich I have an important game
question for you how do you like is it
tough being this big of a murder machine
do you find it exhausting just just
dominating what's happening chat is
Rich's quite easily defeated absolutely
anyone who gets in his way
oh wait wait wait you're next this turn
your next attack is played twice look
bodyslam is an attack okay that's
another point I'm gonna be wasting I'm
doubling my fucking shields that's fine
that's fine do you do you I'm just I
just wanted you to I just wanted you to
like take him over you're the bloodlust
is is overcoming you and I just want to
make sure you think tactically
I want exhume
yeah a gentleman actually don't know I
got a good thing going I'm not gonna
mess with the formula rich the murder
machine everything's absolutely you
worry I will get that nine extra health
Jack you rest it in front of us is it oh
is it oh shit
alright alright alright This Is It this
is it everyone
Anonymous is Jack you should do your own
commentary track on a film but not just
you different versions of you regular
Jack future Jack clown Jack butcher Jack
stoner Jack dad Jack lover Jack Jack
Skellington that's the thing anonymous
they're all wait what's that what's the
what's the timer
what's the stop lunch thing oh you got
every 12 card just this guy who forces
you to kind of reset to end your turn
really yes you interesting
AJ pimps all says hey guys I finally got
around to watching Blade Runner 20 49
what were your guys's take on the movie
rich has yet to see Blade Runner 20 49 I
loved it I thought it was great I'm a
big fan of the original Blade Runner and
I think this one picked up right where
the other one left off visually
beautiful every frame has meaning every
part of that movie adds to the story or
characterization it's it's beautiful but
it's beautiful against strength every
time as Tiger takes over I actually
didn't know that oh well there you go
there you go
Jake claims he used to be huge I was 16
and six to three and refer for a few
years
this is a big stoner I haven't smoked in
ages that ages over a decade but there
was a time there was a time
if only I had that relic that lets you
keep everything I don't need it
they'd let you keep 15 Blanc everything
but 15 Blanc or Wade no Wade you only
lose 15 block at the start of the next
turn right I don't need it that'd be
nice I wouldn't complain like the
barricade would have made this a no P
deck to keep all your shields after
every yeah yeah that would have been
that would have been amazing
yeah
Chuck Fox yeah Chuck Fox is the og Blade
Runner is ruined by Ford's awful
domestic abuse scene other than that I
still like the movie it's a little tough
to watch nowadays but you know I get
what they were going for it hasn't it
hasn't aged particularly well I'll agree
with that
it's it's are you are you gonna
look my home you have full health and
sixty healed so you just beat the end
boss without taking a scratch without
even that was almost too easy
there was no excitement to that
whatsoever that means sometimes I go to
sleep now yeah yeah
you've earned I can go to sleep you did
it you did it that was great how long
did that take rich there's a timer on
the top right it took him an hour and
seven minutes yeah yeah easy peasy lemon
squeezy that's great thumpa thumpa
thumpa a deep pulsing dread can be
filmed throughout the room is this the
heart of the spire the source of this
evil you ready your blade UDL 750 damage
the heart squirms and bleeds but is
ultimately still pounding are your
mightiest attacks not enough you ask
yourself have I been here before you
feel that you have dealt a total of 7835
damage to the heart a total of two
million eight hundred eighty thousand is
more than two million no I'm sorry two
billion eight hundred and eighty million
eight hundred twenty two thousand eight
hundred seven damage has been dealt by
all those who have challenged it's the
heart pulses louder and louder as your
consciousness fades
victory to be continued
again I can't wait to the finish I'll be
great this okay
into the breach has failed to overtake
slay the spire for what I just play
playing something quick real it's failed
to overtake this game that's interesting
slay the spire beads into the breach
it's true I know you're you're thrown
down that's good to know
yeah yeah no I get to yell I like those
guys the mid decent game yep this is
what you're in do right now what's here
it's fair mister glitch yes we have both
played into the breach on stream and yes
I'll take FTL over both of them yeah I'm
trying to sing slay the spires praises
more than I'm slamming into the bridge
yeah
captain president says hey guys does
anyone at Harlem care about the life
aquatic it's fun I saw it a while ago I
don't remember much she was good it was
good
I've never seen an action yeah I stopped
caring about Wes Anderson real gut is it
too long for reviewers a to new for a
review or just not that interesting
given you have to do a list longer than
a Leonard Cohen song I don't have
thoughts strong enough about it there
for review yeah like Wes Anderson as a
director probably could get a whole
review any more time cific feet inspire
than Jack so several this is still your
run history I don't know it was mine
you're doing wins and losses though just
go to go to just wins
did you yeah well yes actually this one
this one only has two wins my silent one
apparently I've given you an ironclad
that win no you Logan as you this is
that's your silent win and you only have
two listed this is your stats this is so
weird I know we logged in as me but
these are your stats that's weird
yeah yeah yeah cuz I actually I enjoy
playing as iron-clad I don't have a
silent win even though people say it's
easier to win us a salad yeah I just
haven't been playing as the silent that
much hmm there you go so I know this is
you because I haven't beaten it as the
silent but it's not it look it says
charred I this is your site trust me I
know I have not beaten them all right
I'm saying it's just weird I'm saying it
doesn't make sense slay the spire saves
runstats on the computer not per user
profile here's the weird thing though
Jack didn't beat that here I beat it at
home I started the game here but beat it
at home off stream and I didn't log in
on my home computer as rich because I
don't have his password well I know my
other ones aren't here so I know this is
me right exactly that's it's just weird
it's very strange that's it yeah this
llamas deck I've beat it what - I wasn't
as if that was a fun run that was fun
I was that was that was just a you were
you were a freight train with the
cowcatcher
oh god I fucking away you're making
burgers my friend that was nuts let's
see what we got here gay for quarters as
rich your pc build video inspired me to
start putting them together myself it's
nice isn't it
I'm just taking order stuff and
switching out the processor Macs and the
RAM upgrading the processor SSD it is
fun
thanks is a pride this is such a pride
when you built your own computer do you
agree do you
one more than pride like it's it's a
it's it's like go it's like graduating
from from school like like it's more
than pride like accomplishment uh-huh
uh-huh it's it's real
to something high in it and it's simple
it's not like it's not anything yeah you
just throw in some parts that are
designed to fit together together you're
its Legos like you're following
instructions but there there is there
there is something very satisfying about
it
yeah we caught up on me Oh actually just
won this very moment which is good job
with slay the spire thank you
it was way past my bedtime and I have to
face my soul-sucking job tomorrow see
you next time thank you mini mini Co
thanks for stopping by thanks for
stopping by everybody why don't we
switch the the doodlee and and take a
moment to thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during a slow start but
strong and screaming a slow start but
strong slave stream yeah that's what
we're that's what this one's gonna be
called so uh much like de flan
thank you for subscribing MZ poo for 18
months William Tyndale Tina of a gonna
Wow Gouda boy who says thanks for the
yucks you hack fraud fucks Jordanna for
12 months in a row says it's been an
entire year and all I've ever seen you
lucky fucks do is watch movies and play
video games so we do you know it's a
tough job but someone's gonna do it
speaky keV TV good gaming glug goo goo
that's a glug oh I get I thought you
never read that is it the good gaming
Chernobyl kinsmen 435 fucking once in a
row krasnova n' 7c Jesus for 14 months
in a row
you missed Sadek lism oh I did I did mr.
Chaddock lism yep hometown markup 443
motherfucking months in a row j.r.r
Lovecraft for 14 months in a row who
wants to remind everyone of a very
important more
lesson push the whopper button push the
robber button bill Bosen I'm just gonna
take I'm gonna take Don Beveridge home
with me tonight just so I can cuddle up
with him like that was this big that was
this big take away man the whoppers were
cold that's what you're getting paid for
what did you say sorry I just thought
about Don Fredo I know the next one
proposal proposal there's no vowel in
between the M in the piece I'm opposed
sin Nikau 42 says architects of the
Department of Buildings here it was
built for two things Brotherhood and
Justice Department of Buildings the
Department of Buildings mr. Eric enge Oh
Tomic mousetrap for 18 months in a row
that looks like Joe all rather than John
but my brain wants to say John because
John makes more sense but it is Joe that
is not okay Joe love 42 but it's it's
almost like they wanted to they wanted
their name to be John 42 but then typo'd
and they didn't notice
Lloyd beats 442 motherfucking months in
a row who says it's a gritty reboot of
Apollo 13 reimagined as a buddy cop
drama we'll put it in your mother's
steam bag for you okay
I'm not sure what that's a reference to
other than Apollo 13 I don't get the
your mother's diva I know I know and
that's such strange wording I feel like
I should understand something we just
we're just missing we're not getting
we're being maybe we're just being dumb
I don't know but I'm gonna move on Jack
okay this IBK says between red-letter
and previously recorded
thanks for years of entertainment you're
on a dis D 87 dark matter for 32 fucking
months in a row says 32 skidoo Charen
st. AJ pips all Elvis snake scalp crane
hand Christ said that strum oh the a is
C for 13 pardon me for 13 months in a
row Stryker one one two one four thirty
four fucking months of the rope says
it's Peter I n go the new Neil Breen no
hey hey now like we're all here having
it
we're all here having a good time we're
all here we're just having fun we're
just telling jokes but you might have
taken that too far man like have you
seen a neoprene movie it's just you just
ruined the whole mood of the evening
Lulla monster it's a train 11 for 37
motherfucking months at her own says
happy pi day you hacks yeah notice dre
2.0
you people need to use capitals in your
names because I don't know where the
brakes methyl rules no I think that that
works better that works way better
Oh Marv death John for 16 months in a
row Matt acquiesce mint acquiesce for 18
months in a row says sorry if this
question has been asked haven't been on
for a couple of weeks any plans on
playing vermintide - it's a pretty good
left4dead game with rats instead of
zombies it's not for free you Fox
I'm not even very familiar with it so no
plans it's in the Warhammer universe
okay and it's a first-person shooter but
it's online multiplayer and left for
dandy dead wasn't horrible you get
together with other players online and
you hunt rats a little bit in the
shallow side left for dead but it's fun
yeah you know I think you need to give
it a little more probably I know I know
I played the once I know let's just give
it
punk dug for 42 motherfucking months in
a row says aids aids aids whopper bagels
aids aids guess what stuff I haven't
spray just die for your fryers I thought
there's gonna be a done Wilson thing
this sounds like more like a Remy hates
hates ate whoppers bagels ate AIDS guess
what stuff I have in spades it doesn't
die from your fires
it doesn't slice from your brain blades
it doesn't suffer from boredom
it doesn't break as tall as memory fades
ate ate ate ate ate ate AIDS what that's
a that's the melody I gave it okay you
know you're so confident with that I I
just thought it was something
no no I've made that up as I went along
to me to me that has like the early 90s
like Frodo techno West Minister and
ziltoid 38 befo Potamus for 45
motherfucking months in a rope veggie 64
for 22 fucking months in a row hot chef
Banga Doug is saying next month of the
Don Wilson
I gotta rhyme time it doesn't die from
your fires
it doesn't slice from your blades yeah
it kind of works
you said Hot Chip crazy Nate nine nine
nine said just add 24 months to this
that's how long I've been watching thank
you we appreciate it
oak so Hawk elk sideways an oak Sun
doesn't enter now a calque Sun Elks on
hawk that's that's just a hard name to
move your tongue too out son
that's how that's how you die you choke
on your own tongue if you say I'll I
think the world's just out of user names
speaking of names that make you choke on
your own tongue list Lars
see yah know why Oh Steve Warren God for
16 months in a row and I don't know I
guess the war's over nobody could find
him we win by default default default
got the tanks out and everything we just
nobody could find no he didn't show up
we win a tomato Ned philippi aerilon Oh
aah Brad l23
erh Admiral Ackbar Chuck Fox who has
subscribed for 12 months in a row says
holy fuck it's been a whole year thank
you for the consistent streams and only
occasionally making fun of me you're
welcome check also special shout out to
to Vox do-rag for creating our slash the
Combs which is a subreddit for all
things Jeffrey Combs get worse because
that's a thing that needs to exist mr.
Bloodshy says right tattoo prereq for
life for the why on my face can I get a
motherfucking early no no in fact I just
recommend you don't do that ever
no you listen we have strict rules about
the motherfucking and no matter how you
deform yourself you ain't getting past
it
JJ cheek err for twenty six fucking
months in rows as rich your evil laugh
is the most beautiful sound I have ever
heard
thank you also Jack why haven't you done
your sister act 2
and Terry track PS I've got bagels
I don't do commentary tracks I haven't
been asked to do one if a commentary
track needs to be done for Sister Act
two I'm there putting that out to the
universe I'll make sure okay okay I'll
make sure that uh that that that Jane
Mike know that I'm available for a
sister act to commentary track time 350
714 Dei and I'm just like time time yeah
sadhu Badu grw 300 M C Lucas for 45
motherfucking months in a row says that
was my favorite best of the worst yet
guys looked like a lot of work no one
suffers better than you guys thank you
we really appreciate it
Starr Hartley's for 33 months in a row
who says YouTube made great partners and
Nick sandwich thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
so Jack what are you going to beat slay
the spire on stream
