Episode 980
Craving more Bloodborne (pt 1)
March 19, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdqMm0qk3VU
___________________________________________

hit it I hit the whopper button hit it
oh the whopper button yeah yeah people
still talking about the whopper button
because they should be by the way you
can't you can't play blood-borne online
without PlayStation Plus anymore yeah
well there you go so much for so much
for offline or so much for online mode
oh good day everyone good day welcome
welcome to the stream it took us a
little bit yeah we were having some
issues with the stream you need a lot of
unplugging and re-plugging in things a
lot of turning things off and turning
them back you saved the stream I say I
did I take full responsibility for
saving the stream apparently the the
PlayStation 4 had some kind of copyright
thing checked as most things do the
PlayStation 4 has a HDCP of which I
think stands for high definition
copyright protection yeah and in in your
system settings for your PlayStation 4
you can check or uncheck that and it
needs to be turned on if you are going
to say watch Netflix through your
PlayStation 4 or watch movies through
your PlayStation 4 that needs to be
checked on but at least look at a hat
yeah that's that's Wolverines man here's
the the progression of just tweaking
yeah like I got something I was a happy
with I was I was going for fairly fairly
specifically okay a cross between the
Undertaker and the saint of killers from
preacher oh okay
okay I I wanted that that permanent
grimace I couldn't quite get the
permanent sneer I couldn't quite get
that going on yeah but you know it'll do
he looks great
I think he looks great so in any case
rich had that turned on rich had his
high-definition copyright protection
turned on which meant we could see the
game of the TV but it wasn't showing up
in xsplit so we just had to go in and
turn that off but we figured it out
eventually you know there is a rather
there is a rather cheap and simple
workaround to HDCP yeah as someone who
often needs to obtain video right right
this is a problem this is a problem
before for video professionals sometimes
and the the cheap and easy workaround
for HDCP is actually to get a the
cheapest HDMI splitter that you can yeah
not a not a an HDMI like I'm a cheap one
well well but I'm not talking about like
a multi-channel like well you know
several HDMI signals go in and only one
cable comes out yeah I'm talking about a
splitter where one HDMI signal goes in
and you can put it out to two different
okay okay and that actually completes
the HDCP handshake but then after that
you can do whatever you want with the
signal you could okay you can do
whatever you want
cool cool man little mister anti-piracy
is doing some piracy nah for educational
purposes oftentimes
there is clearly a difference there is
clearly a difference between I'm not
reselling or giving away my copy I have
to use for for critical or educational
purposes and there's nothing wrong with
that that falls under fair use which is
perfectly legal what why blood-borne
again honestly Jack jet it's Jack's
fault don't know any other day yeah yeah
other day I had a great time playing the
other day it was like I like the
blood-borne it's a great fucking game
it's a great game
you like the blood-borne do you like
playing anything else on your
Playstation 4 cuz no as I was messing
around with the cables there is a a
clear and firm layer of dust on top of
your Playstation 4 this is the least
exciting console generation of all time
I mean Nintendo's starting to pump them
numbers up okay okay well I'm excluding
Nintendo Nintendo as always does their
own thing yeah I'm kind of I'm just
regarding that sure sure
I don't know though like so was that
like Xbox 360 and ps3 also felt equal
yes and I need my werewolf concentration
as you know as you know Jack you if I
get killed by the werewolf that's
instant restart
instant restarts I need to get my game
face on get it cuz cuz as you know rich
I did kill the werewolf you did you did
you did kill the werewolf so the
pressures on well I mean do you want to
go back upstairs and just practice your
moves for a little bit fucking warm up
fuck it oh shit you hit four times Jack
I hit him three times three times three
times
oh you made me look like ass like a
bumbling fool oh man
all right is to brightness up to hi I'm
a TV at home it looked a bit dark so I
cranked it up just play a little bit the
other day
and I don't know if it's too bright now
for everybody watching this well what I
can say is xsplit does darken things a
bit right okay actually okay like for
them it's probably perfect okay cuz here
on this TV it's a little bit too bright
there's fine there's no moody atmosphere
you know what but I can check give me
one second here I can absolutely check
whoa
that's where we are yeah kind of looks
great how many can you kill this is the
important number you're setting the bar
now rich because I died to him
embarrassingly
we're gonna it's not a no weapons run
but I think rich wants to see how far he
can get with no weapons that's not a bad
idea that's not that's all I mean that's
always the oh shit it's fine it's fine
settle down settle down
aggressive-aggressive get the help back
get the help back motherfucker nice
nicely done nicely done okay rich has
one more kill than I do so far come on
I'm taking you guys one at a time he's
like his open palm karate strength oh oh
he's got a wide swing man I can't
believe that hit you but bales nicely
done the two down you got two more than
me that's great you did great
I thought that was it I thought that was
it oh there you go and least you are a
beast rich now that you have a little
breather yeah yeah I will say over the
weekend okay I had some time I have
beaten slave Aspire oh nice
it was really good sure what was your
build like it was it was a quasi similar
to your bill this is very shield heavy
it's an effective tactic it's an
effective tactic so I I found I got I
got barricade
yeah which lets you keep your shield I
got impervious which gives you like 40
shield from the get-go huh and then I
got the the card that lets you use any
power or put any power first in your
hand so I put barricades oh yeah
right first and then I'd get impervious
and then I got to bodyslam cards and
then a card to put him back right in
into my shuffle or into my deck so so
basically we just like get that get that
all shield I can then body slam body
slam body it was very very effective
barricade it's good power I'm not gonna
say that yeah sometimes you know if you
have that coming in here if it's first
thing in your hand and you got people
are getting set to do like you know 40
damage to you on that first turn it
hurts because you don't get any shield
from using barricade right and it takes
a fucking boatload of energy to use it
does it does yeah I know and I think I
got lucky with a couple other things I
got that that like you autumn I got the
one of the powers I got automatically
gives you like five shield to start with
that that five reoccuring shield yeah oh
yeah
it's called a plate armor yes plate
armor that's it so like I got that which
gave me a little buff in the beginning
and had a decent sized deck like 26 20
26 or 28 cards so you know not a bad
size deck but oh yes and I also had
metallus which gives you shields after
every turn so like I basically if I
could if I could stand to turns with
anybody
you're getting nothing but shield and
then and then body slams so yeah what
boss what boss did you get Donuts the
chicken time boss time bomb time boss
which is great because usually like for
some reason whenever I get to the boss
it's always that wolf that has two
phases and I can always beat him in the
first phase but all is but lose it right
normally I go get a weapon now but I I
think the challenge it's clear right how
so right so far you have four enemies
beatin barehand barehand it so this is
the challenge absolutely how many
enemies barehanded because no matter
what you'll get a weapon and get to go
through it all
can you get to a troll barehanded
come on wait for that other guy I don't
want to do two at once oh man oh man
rich ooh you're making it look easy
I wish I could play this game I guess
I'm stuck with PC dark souls well on the
PC you get all the Dark Souls man like
it's not just Dark Souls one you get two
and three this one I I mean
Dark Souls one might prove me wrong once
I really get into that as soon as it
comes to the switch no just just you
know just nope I'm saying it might no no
no that group ahead of me oh oh sorry
just nope dark so once I play that I
might get into it a little bit more but
as of right now and I've played a bit of
Dark Souls 2 and a little bit more
forget about that guy you're right he
always wakes up later and then what's
harder this or binding of issac kind of
different Beezus this this can leave you
stuck in areas you know you can be on a
you can be on a boss for you know a few
hours before you figure it out and Isaac
you know it's Isaac's almost like like
piecemeal this where you have shorter
bouts of difficulty spikes but you can
always reset Isaac and get a hole and
you know make it a whole new game
people are people are liking to be
brightness level good good they can
actually see what's going on and I know
you know eggs any sort of post recording
software does that to a game it doesn't
say if I find a weapon am i permitted to
use it a gut reaction richest isn't it
tells me no no all right that's what
that's just my gut you don't have to
follow that I don't think the first
weapon though is it like that's not
until the sewers so you'd have to like
get through some rats and shit and and
I'm saying I'm saying I have a hard time
believing that you're gonna get past
that that which burning in the Town
Square there that's just me though
that's where I would eat it see you
think the witch burnings I'm definitely
going to get all those people and
there's no way to pick them off one by
one
that's fine
you see it's fine did it you did future
famous person it says just started
blood-borne and I'm stuck on the cleric
beast would I be a wuss to summon for
the cleric beast yes you would
which one's the cleric beast the one in
the bridge oh you know you the cleric
beast is is you know a good learning
boss so I I would say try to oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh god before the
power of evidence may Evans rule them
all now you're gonna get murdered by
crew yeah they're not they're just you
know what they're just not fucking worth
it oh yeah yeah
I don't think he could do a whole no
weapons around I can't imagine no I
can't no I can't it just won't happen
I'm not I'm not even gonna try this is
this is just a how far but I mean at
this point you could easily just run to
the cleric beast no no weapons if you if
that's what you want to do just any guys
walking my way there so it's not exactly
what
goodbye
oh just open up the path yeah yeah I
know I I see a lot of people in chat
talking about how they really want to
play this game but don't have a ps4 and
oh jesus oh Jesus I know for a long time
Dark Souls was a console right like it
took them a couple years to get to PC
sevens frequently look at look at
fucking vanquished right and but I know
this is probably also a big selling
point for Sony like Sony really likes
that they have this as an exclusive from
software well that's why I might take
told the PlayStation 5 comes out right
right when they don't give a shit
oh god oh god
Oh
oh my god that's exact just you not the
other one
perfect
and that's right blood-borne is free
right now on PS Plus I call it free Shh
well you know yeah every movie on
netflix is free to watch right I get
what you say but this this is the game
in which you can wait but how else do
you know what's the proper way to say
that and yeah the DLC was was only like
six bucks
I'm sure with all the renewed interest
from from it being a PS Plus game and
the DLC is so worth it by the way I mean
the game is great and the DLC is just
more neat weapons need enemies I can't I
cannot believe you've gotten this far
that door is open that door is open
there's a couple trolls over there but
they can gang up on you
we're not gonna fight grandpa
blunderbuss grandpa blunderbuss might be
able to get just one of their attention
um or hear me out okay
pass them sure sure all son you could
just run away that's fair got open those
doors
that's all that's how you mark
progression in this game what door you
opened where do I want to go where do
you want to go what weapon do you want
like what's your build like what's what
are you hoping for you're gonna try to
use that spear that's over in the sewers
that awesome
that awesome trick spear saw spear as
they call it that's up there I don't
know that I can I don't know that I have
the reach without this to knock it down
oh that's actually a really good point
this one I could be oh oh oh shit oh
shit okay that answers that question
I forgot that latter fix yeah can you
upgrade your fists in this game is the
question the answer to that question is
you can upgrade your general strength I
guess that would count yeah I don't
think there's a way you can actually
fortify your fists right but you can
just you know upgrade your general
strength which I assume would make your
fists stronger
oh just opening doors yeah
no gauntlets what are they they they
have something like ghosts like beasts
claws I think and when your bare fists
you could get that brick of I oh yeah
that's right don't think I'm just like
you can just hold a rock they do have
something yes well if you just hold like
basically a rock and you get a string a
rock to whine okay okay I don't remember
that everybody wants a rock to them oh
the rock I wasn't hanging up with the
string part I was because I was saying a
rock
everybody wants a rock to wind a piece
of string around gotta be something
better to play than blood-borne says
twitch Evan 69 nope blood-borne is a
fantastic game blood-borne is a fucking
fantastic game and I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna stifle Rich's mood he said hey he
said hey man I was thinking bout playing
some blood-borne and I said fuck yeah
what this you played blood-borne
weaponless see how far you get
Coffee need a little coffee you know
what I found recently rich what uh
Yahtzee yeah as a new audiobook yes I
was really excited about that it's uh
it's about it's like it's like a cynical
Harry Potter okay but uh Hermione is is
the main character just like the smart
one
yeah who's not down with any of your
bullshit uh-huh but it's a very cynical
magical world and so far million I mean
obviously I get much like much like his
other book will save the galaxy for food
that I listen to
it's just listening to Yahtzee for hours
but uh that's a selling point and it's
all it really is a selling point this
one is called differently morphus anyone
who was a fan of will save the galaxy
for food or any of his other books so
far it's very good
I'm curious myself jack what does does
this count for the number of enemies I
beat with just my fists have you made it
here so absolutely this absolutely
counts yeah there you go
Oh make sure you hit up that elevator
oh that absolutely counts what kind of
books do you usually read I I generally
stick to kind of sci-fi books I that's
that's usually my my forte sci-fi
post-apocalyptic stuff I've also been
known to enjoy some like out some crime
suspense I love detective stories
detective books are really great the
entire the entire flesh serious I feel
is is wonderful even though it you know
there are high points and low points in
any series but yeah flash I love
generally I like to stick around sci-fi
just because likes
I did get Michelle McNamara's last book
who is the the recently departed wife of
Patton Oswalt oh and she was she was a
true crime writer and her the last book
was finished actually but posts post
mortem is about her so it's it's
supposed to be a very spooky climb and
all the shortcuts feel good about that
yeah yeah you are rocking it I'll get
the thingy up here because it's the
thingy up here there's the thing at that
yeah any specific sci-fi books that you
would strongly recommend wool I've
mentioned this a few times before but
wool by Hugh Howey there's three books
in the wool series but you know start
with wool it's one of the best books I
have read in recent memories just a
fantastic world post-apocalyptic sci-fi
kind of thing
it is as far as I'm concerned it is a
must-read all right do you do you want
to know what overconfidence looks like I
think I'm gonna find out yeah let's see
how far you get man
let's go spelled wool yes whoa like the
fabric
oh god I can't even reach him this might
be a problem I had made the assumption
that I could at least touch him there
you go
oh yeah this is gonna be hard without it
without any sort of range
Oh save your mouth towels for later
this is one for the books if you could
do it though so my clerk to the person
earlier my clerk beasts advice yeah
stay close stay close get behind him
this works better if you have an axe
what born-and-bred the Soul series in
general is designed to punish cowardice
oh that's a good play that's a good way
to put it yeah much shit much like doom
blood-borne wants you to get in there if
you're having trouble in blood-borne the
answer is usually to get aggressive
[Music]
[Applause]
now
got a bet
oh my god he landed I mean landed right
on there's not much I can do about that
first of all excellent work I can't you
opened up all the doors you beat a troll
empty-handed hold on I got to put my
coffee down nice right thank you you you
thoroughly humiliated me in your
weaponless run way to go yeah usually
you get to you get to the hunters dream
here a lot sooner
you know I'm thinking about doing the
saw blade this time though I love the
axe I just I just love that axe go go
back to the sewers and get that saw
blade I'm telling you it will change
your which is a better saw blade that
saw blade or the starting saw blade eyes
I used the other one for the entire game
the sauce spear okay for the entire like
I would dabble with other weapons but my
first playthrough the game the only
weapon I used was that saw spear and the
starting one is better that's what they
say
this is bullshit I have an insight where
are you do you uh yeah from from running
into the boss oh sure well maybe you
need to pick up a weapon first yes you
know what it's fine it's fine
I have no I know I have no echos to
spend anyways there they're all saying
the the cleaver the saw cleaver is
better this might be a mistake just
because I'm not used to it oh I usually
I use illegal acts once you get into it
it's like as far as trick weapons go it
is so neat alright true and get that
spear man I'm telling you that Spears a
way to go
that's Spears a way to go and for those
asking for for book recommendations
earlier if you're into sci-fi but also
just are looking for a comedy take on it
I really think we'll save the galaxy for
food biopsy is a fantastic I listen to
it but I'm sure it's also a fantastic
read but it is a satirical take on kind
of sci-fi on the sci-fi genre it's it's
it's delightfully punch I'm going to
exhaust all the dialogues that's that's
what you're supposed to do no I don't
know what if anything I miss out on but
we're going to exhaust the dialogue just
undead penguin I have not read ready
play around one rich have you read it
ready player well I have seen enough
snippets like I've seen people post
pages from ready player one and say like
this is the whole book to know that I
don't want to read it time it would it
would infuriate but you know I hear
I mean Spielberg is a really good
director I'm sure he might elevate it I
don't know I'm very curious to actually
assign my weapons yes I've heard good
things
about assigning weapons all right so now
with with the trick weapon try a few
swings and then unsheathing it like yeah
I'm telling you you can use this at
first but go get that soft spear well
Chad thinks this is better fuck the chat
saw steer saw spear hunter pistol is
better for parrying I've heard the
blunderbuss is better for parrying I'm
getting everything in consistent
information from you from you Yahoo's oh
wow
Spielberg has never adapted a trash
novel before though he normally picks
stellar source material he's Spielberg
man he's got a little bit about magic in
him pistol was quicker hmm yeah that
might be worth experimenting with I've
already picked the blunderbuss Fornells
that balloon Davos out on the hunt I'm
very sorry but a blunderbuss is better
for staggering let's that's what I want
to do stagger the patients here in my
clinic must not be exposed to infection
I know that you hunt for us for our town
but I'm sorry
please blunderbuss has a pause before
the parry whereas the pistol is instant
but other people are saying that the
pistol is more unlikely to miss so but
I'm usually what I'm pairing I'm usually
standing pretty damn close to what I'm
shooting at yeah
she'll be fine now what should be fine
anonymous is rich yeah on an old stream
you mentioned you like numberphile yeah
I also enjoy number faster I'll find you
Tokyo Graham oh I just - yeah put that
out there and they they have some fine
videos that numberphile does 0.999
repeating equal one it does but no
matter how many ways but no matter how
many ways I prove it my co-workers don't
believe me
also I beat doom last night doom it up
congratulations
dooba dooba dooba doing what up drew him
it up let's let's get my damn blood
echoes back and kill that mother fucking
beast yeah
kill the Beast
that's a song from Beauty and the Beast
so weird
I usually early game I'm all about the
axe right
the heavy the heavy our two on the axe
is so good for crowd control in these
early sections sure I feel naked right
now jrz not only do i watch captain
disillusion i support him on patreon oh
nice I love despotism yeah she does
convinience he makes fantastic videos
did everyone see his most recent one the
one the one that is a low-key excellent
explanation in history of green screen
but I haven't seen it but my pattern
with YouTube channels is like let them
build up and then watch a bunch of wants
oh sure no quite quite deliciously he
starts a video just trying to like make
fun or you know could do a quick debunk
of something and it turns into a super
in-depth wonderful explanation of how
great screen technology work he's great
he's great
captain dr. jay z's hey guys I'm
wondering if you tried the Friday the
13th the solo mode would it be worth
buying the game note that it wouldn't be
worth it for that well have they updated
the version version I've played yeah it
was just the online with BOTS who are
all kind of stupid I mean it's fun to
get you know fancy kills on the bots cuz
they're dumb so I don't know that I'd
recommend the game if we're just that so
the online mode you're Jason and you
killed dumbots yeah okay that's
essentially what the solo version I saw
was I don't know if they added a name it
fancier mode than that okay
right here
sometimes the camera gets that's a but
you know that's why generally with
bossfights I I don't have the camera
stick to the boss I'm just gonna call
that bullshit yeah you were kind of
outside of his grab at least he waited
for you to heal that was very nice cool
oh it was direct hit it should have been
a stagger
so used to the axe everything's off
everything's off rich you you've got
this far just with your fists um I I
believe that you can learn a new weapon
Hubb G or fortnight's there you go there
you go
I think they both have their ups and
downs
clumsy or fortnight actually I got
invited to play fortnight gets a little
bit of an edge just because of the sheer
amount of systems it is on and therefore
the pool of possible players is higher
pub G is rolling out to mobile era
fortnight is Bob's gonna laugh no no for
jihun hope fortnight is on that's just
hysterical fortnight is on iOS devices
I've been playing it it doesn't work
great but it's not terrible it's not as
terrible as you would think it is so
this is how you beat the Claire Fisher
just you know stay behind him and stay
close I didn't I wasn't even paying
attention
yeah did great rich did great pub pub G
is on Android in China apparently
but but this long thing is fortnight is
is now on iOS devices and and so any
multiplayer game is only as good as the
other people you play with and you know
a good multiplayer game will have the
largest possible amount of people to
play with at any given time so you can
you know be matched hopefully so with
iOS players got rich now just playing a
player there you go just playing bricks
shit well go go upgrade you just
defeated the Beast
go upgrade yes 6000 that's not gonna get
me that's not gonna give me enough to be
worth an early game it is yeah and
that's all that's it's nothing
yes it's nothing jack that's all right
follow me goofy werewolf's did you kill
that guy in there yeah I came through
her together back oh right you cheese
and mother hubbard why not I love it no
I love it
cheese away my friend cheese away I've
been playing a little fortnight on
mobile just to test it out because I
think it's it's neat like how fun is it
that you could just you know hop on your
on your iPhone and play a little
fortnight at any time play a a massively
multiplayer third-person shooter at any
time I think that's that's a neat
concept there can it controls a little
wonky apparently they're going to roll
out controller support you know so you
can use a controller on your iOS device
and more importantly you can choose what
other consoles you play against so you
can tick the don't match me with PC
player oh god I got an iPhone 6 will it
run the game it will I like I think I
have a what's my iPhone I think I have
like the 5 something and and it runs it
runs just fine if you have a 6 episode I
tried it on my phone and I tried it down
on an iPad and and it runs relatively
smooth which is shocking it's fun it's
fun and it's neat I would say I probably
enjoy the simplicity of pubsey a little
bit
fortnight has a has a whole building in
the camp where you can knock down walls
build ramps and build walls you can like
build a little forts for yourself which
is neat but it adds another layer of
shit of complication and you know pub G
is is a little simpler also I feel like
the pub G map is bigger and I like that
I'm reading tips pros tick I'm reading
them I'm also having a conversation
about fucking videogames settle down
I'll read the things
you prefer the smaller maps of the
fortnight you know I I think there's
pros and cons to both
and it's just fun that they both exist
though my boys my boys came into my
office as I was playing fortnight and
they were they were looking at it for a
bit nago
why does pub G look so very perceptive
they're very perceptive they're very
perceptive children and I was like oh
this is a different game it's called
fortnight and they're like oh oh well
what are you doing this game you know
cuz they they saw me when I was on the
bus above the map yeah so what are you
doing this game I was like oh it's a lot
like Club G you know it's me with a
bunch of other real people do them all
we gotta you know hide collective stuff
and they're like like the you know they
they there there's just nothing to
understand like grasp the idea of like
not stealing other people's ideas
copyrights do that kind of stuff right
right like can you do that can you just
make a game that's exactly like another
game that's like yeah yeah kind of
so and some conservatives were born is
it function yes to what your brain
[Music]
Metroidvania comes to mind oh yeah yeah
no there's there's a lot of games like
that but you know they're just finally
reaching that age where they're under
they're grasping kind of AB these kind
of abstract ideas is it weird that the
first castlevania game is not a
Metroidvania style game I I wonder how
Vania got tagged on to Metroid I guess
Castlevania 2 was a little a little
reach ready right didn't you have to you
kind of had to go back for different
yams and Castlevania to say but Metroid
came up before then yeah yeah should
just be Metroid style agreed agree but
like how how great for Castlevania it
got tagged on to a genre without even
trying
it's a good guy go Oh
oh wow you move separately from the
others fucking beautiful I know you like
your you like your big windup the spin
easy yeah I miss that so much that's
that's normally how I would deal with
this situation still dealing still
dealing just fine look at that dealt
with
Delta all right where are we
gobbledygook says I see you're enjoying
another great stream of blood-borne I've
been trying this award-winning superhero
fighting game it's called Transformers
forged to fight on smartphones and it's
free you fucks ok changing it up a
little bit
changing it up captain president I did
finish Jessica Jones yes and I stick
with my early assessment that it is
fantastic I very much enjoyed it I feel
it does a better job than any of the
other Marvel Netflix show and actually
trying to say something in the superhero
genre it has it has a it has a thesis
statement that it's trying to get out
and I've digs it and digs it but I know
I know I don't have to fight this guy
yeah but why wouldn't I want to because
you have 9,000 blood echoes that's
nothing
Oh nope nope
that should've worked
[Music]
there you go
there you go bravery that's what you got
to do he's charging at you with a giant
eggs every time you shoot him yep
Jessica Jones season 2 didn't have a
compelling villain like season Ones
kilgrave I will agree with you there I
talked about this a little bit last
stream or last week or whenever which is
the season 1 of Jessica's life what died
you missed oh did you kill the dogs over
yeah season 1 of Jessica Jones we got a
we got a gimme of kilgrave who you know
wonderfully played great villain and
more importantly it turns season 1 into
a bit of a revenge story so so that gave
it a little more visceral feeling that
gave it it like kind of a its own
momentum we got that revenge story
season 2 it's not as visceral but I feel
like it's doing a better job of actually
saying something in the subtext and I
dug that I dug what it was trying to say
I think it was a a ambitious thing for
the series to do and and I dug it I dug
did a lot yes ruthless donut II season 1
is far more primal than season 2 that's
a that's a good way to put it
no thanks
so yeah I still think I still like both
seasons I think I think Jessica Jones is
my favorite of the Marvel episodes I say
that a little tentatively because
daredevil season 1 is so fucking good
and the first half of season 2 is really
good as well
you idiot did he fall down to the rats
and that's gonna make a pain the ass
deal with though I don't like that
[Laughter]
unqualified bard no that wasn't what the
subtext was I don't want to give too
much away because I know it's still
relatively new button you know obviously
we're dealing we're dealing with some
abusive relationships some addiction
issues some jealousy issues some thank
you
just takes for shopping rich you can get
there you did it you did
I think Punisher was pretty weak guys
and Punisher is fairly weak sauce which
did you end up watching Punisher oh I'll
get around to it implies no well I I
understand the implication but you made
it seem like that was a bad room
it sounds like they tried to make him a
girl that's that's not what I want out
of the Punisher yeah I think I I think
it was pretty man it was pretty tame it
was a far tamer than I would have liked
it to be I kind of just want the
Punisher to be a cold blooded
remorseless killing machine no totally
fair totally fair
not any good reason to kill these rats
those words yeah just the just the
echoes and do you get throwing knives
but not
Oh hurry up
stupid rat commits e'en 1:20 says hey
guys just wondering if you think horizon
zero dawn is more slash less of a system
seller than less less i and you guys
know I enjoy horizons they're done but
blood-borne is the system selling this
game right here is word a ps4 if you
have disposable income obviously where
are we also why if you need a why also
if you need a partner or human shield
for blood-borne I'm your man thanks guys
while I think horizon zero dawn is very
good game I think you can find
comparable games on other platforms
which are free for example fairly
similar to horizon zero dawn yeah in
basic mechanic II stuff
alright obviously the stories are very
different Witcher 3 is significantly low
not job for him to see him he might be
stuck in a wall
nobody's not stuck at all GZ not stuck
fine got that time ago I do love for us
I love horizons they're done I had a
great time playing that game and I fully
wholly recommend that game just to games
he loves and you're asking him which one
he loves more and the answer is bloody
answers without a doubt without a
moment's hesitation bloodline yeah and
and I'm so I'm trying to elaborate on
that which is I think you can find games
similar to horizon via horizon zero dawn
and I think he will have a harder time
finding names similar to blood-borne
even though obviously like there's darks
there's all the Dark Soul series but I
don't even think the Dark Soul series
compares to how much I love love line
[Applause]
flipside er puts it very well here he
says Whichard prices are down a similar
and overall game structure like most
available yes that's a good way to put
it but I mean that that being said
planning out your attack to fight giant
robot dinosaurs is pretty fucking
awesome and if you're buying a ps4 play
blood-borne you might as well get
horizon zero dawn you know it's right
there this is right there you can play
it fucking give me fucking mouse
controls and then I'll be a little bit
more a little bit more gaga over this
horizon and head up that ladder rich and
get that get that saw spear me that saw
Spears Spears fine no go get the sauce
Peter I like it why will I like it more
because it's awesome this one looks
better much better
I'm killing monsters I want to look cool
while I'm doing that start with the
sauce fear you get to poke buns know
what poke I want um buddies I want a
swipe you want to swallow us right well
you can swipe what a wide attack Jack
but it has the pole I don't care about
the stupid pole you don't care about the
don't care about the pole come on come
on in kill the pig
pigs got a badge pigs got a bad what
that pigs hunter badge oh then I got to
talk to Eileen and then I will trade in
my blood echoes and then we're gonna
fight father he's got a father gascoigne
got the kiss groin man and then I'm
gonna decimate the blood beast yay yeah
you're kind of rocking this I'm not
saying that surprised I'm just saying
I'm saying that delay you're you're on a
rampage and I think that's great
well I was practicing the other night I
was pulling up fragged and saying I was
playing at the other night cuz I wanted
to play it and that's why I still want
to play it sure you were that's why
here's functionally how it works I'm
gonna try to say I'm so gonna naturalize
I'll play this in like two years I
picked it up although oh it's great yeah
that's what not trying to be an ass we
are playing offline rich I don't have
any need for PlayStation Plus you know
long guys appears plus member so we
actually just can't play off yeah for
anyone asking about playing online with
us I don't want you jokes cramping my
style
all right what do we got here we got
whiskey strikeout says watching rich
Evans play this game is like watching
the pros play vibing I just feel so damn
inadequate keep being awesome and just
because it's blood-borne lol fuck Mike
you know this is just one of those games
once once you once you figure out the
blood borns flow it gets a lot simpler
obviously it's still very difficult game
but I think that's that's the biggest
difficulty hurdle is just figuring out
the flow of the game
who wants to pissed a pig
aah squealing pig oh you are a pig I get
it all right all right off to the crow
you're not gonna get you're not gonna
get the sauce beer just even try it out
oh I suppose it by the crotch you're
going you're going to the crop the sauce
beers buying across why do you care
about this so much that was my weapon
that was my weapon of choice and I feel
like you're you're being dismissive and
I just want you to I just want you to
try it out that's because I'm being
dismissive yeah so it's like it's it's
like it that it would be like if you
didn't like a movie I like I take a
person
we're gonna kill those rats now let over
him sure
kill him
I've not seen anihilation yet
I was hoping to see it this weekend and
did not get around to it on for town but
I will see it I want to see it I'm
excited to see it I have no fresh camera
talk to talk about I'm sorry I know
everyone's excited to hear more camera
talk but I just have nothing new to talk
about
house is not
ah there you are
something climb stairs our life reader
yeah that was almost real bad you do
climb stairs or there's a second my
favorite natalie portman movie is
probably Black Swan enjoy Black Swan
whoa you did it rich you did it
let's see what we got here Dan a
dandelion Huber says hey guys my
eyebrows recently fell out from an
illness oh and just a few days ago I was
in an accident and now have bad facial
cuts which will stop what should my
super villain name be PS and a girl so
no eyebrows and bad facial scars
[Music]
hmm bad facial scars garlotte Scarlett I
know that's a little on the nose some
fashion plates it's got a plate pun it's
got a plate pun I don't know I don't
know my plate fashion plates like this
sounds like the origin of disgruntled
supermodel oh sure like we're changing
your backstory a little bit at one point
you were a supermodel and you got into a
badass yeah yeah face got rekt this is
uh this is a fucking what's-his-name the
The Fight Club guy it's when his books
yeah it's uh invisible monsters is the
name of the book I could remember the
netbook yeah it was one of his Chuck
cover girl
Oh cover girl that's a great one the
runway the runaway what's his name Chuck
Palahniuk Thank You Chuck pull
visible monsters which will be the most
infuriating book you ever read until you
hit about the halfway point then it will
turn into the best book you've ever read
which one invisible monsters okay I I
think I started and stopped that book
eighteen times because the first third
of it is just unbearable no you like the
structure is all off you don't
understand who the characters are and
you don't understand that the story's
going but eventually it hits a point
where it turns into the bests book I
love invisible monsters you're right
animal blood sauce I got I got to talk
to Eileen person look we've almost
killed everybody up the Father Garcia
yeah I'm a very little danger right now
yeah he's kind of rocking it he's gonna
go talk to the crow he's gonna pick up
the saw spear I grab whatever is in that
body too
sure it's something cool don't
accidentally aggravate Eileen the crow
so I'm putting away my weapons outside
and tonight I could never kill Eileen
the crow to welcome then you want to not
until you have to spoiler alert you
don't you don't don't you have to know
Darren oh you only have to if you want
her her swords there's another way to
get it but it's far more difficult than
just killing her oh you know if you
follow her quest line yeah you get her
badge
but how do you get her sword you buy
them after you oh I think I just killed
her and took her so her swords are
awesome by the way like the twin little
little size looking sword yeah yeah what
are you still doing here
I don't know but fate is ambiguous if
you do her questline I know if you
really know what happens to him here can
you kill her right now and get her
swords right now it's a fight and I
don't want to do it oh I'm just I'm just
asking yeah yeah you could just get her
sorry I don't know that you get her
swords but I think you get the thing
that unlocks them in the shop sure okay
okay I'm with you interesting
thanks the 17 PMA the new best of the
worst was a pretty good one but the good
one indeed a lot of good times
I mean partners what else do you need to
know
Oh God Oh God nice thank you had
downstair strats yeah yeah mad head
downstairs friends that the rats Jack
wasn't drunk enough though yeah I don't
think I I think any if I was any amount
of drunk while watching partners it
would have turned into incomprehensible
gibberish because partners is nuts on
its own
she kind of hate fighting rats they're
always a pain in the ass yeah they're
not the hardest enemies they just move
kind of erratically they do good they do
really good damage and it's lots of
multiple tiny hits so there's not
there's not much opportunity to recover
sure from them to get health back
I think alcohol is the prerequisite to
enjoy partners no no no partners is
glorious all on its own
ten out of ten would recommend ghostie
Partners Inc Partners is is a magic that
ever everyone who likes bad movies needs
to see partners you will be utterly
shocked by the amount of things that are
out of focus I don't know if we did it
like a good enough job in conveying how
out of focus the entire movie is or in
other words the entire movie is not a
fun the entire movie is out of focus
people yes us beer sauce beer sauce beer
do it fucking do it
it's got more stats all around it's all
around were stats all around were stats
not just a little bit you can always
equip the other
yeah there's a lot of the same stuff I
do
mondo one like swing that's fair I like
the swing jack that's bad I like the
swing the these I will say the sauce
beer is he is key part of my cheese
father guests own strategy I don't need
to choose him that's just a fun fight
that's I'm saying I don't beers he to my
friend I wouldn't want the cheese father
gascoigne as I am told he is called yeah
what's the quickest route yeah you're
probably on the way cuz right outside
there is the trolls and on the other
side of that is yeah I got a time I
guess I got to talk to the old lady
anyway oh you can send it to the to the
clinic if you want it but I'd uh
Brina Scott has a question for you rich
yeah choose one vanquish your
blood-borne okay Boudreaux says I just
beat slay this fire with ironclad holy
fucking shit thirty five hours in the
last two days saw cleaver loses its
serrated bonus when transformed sauce
spear does not some more bloodletting
that might be points in favor of the
sauce Spears favor favor I gotta I gotta
make this decision soon you do one of
these two weapons I'm going to have a
mom have to I'm going to upgrade right
but not bowler they'll be able to
upgrade both
Goderich don't die to a dog I'm so close
if friends are getting it just for that
I think free blood echoes right there Oh
big ol with big ol with it's five days
tired and says says have either of you
guys watched Joe Dante's trailers from
hell YouTube channel no it's a fantastic
source of movie reviews from Dante's and
that's good to know thank you
that's what's what's the consensus spear
or cleaver and what I want a consensus
damn it
no one really Wow it's split it's split
[Music]
Balcom wait
fuck
what bill do I want Ludvig holy blade
trade charged r2 followed by a normal
artery after you of blood and I will
channel them into your strength you will
hamby's and I will be here for you to
embolden your sickly spirit did you
speak with chairman he was a hunter a
long long ago but now serves only to
advise them
he is obscure unseen in the Dreaming
world still he stays here
in this dream
there you go check what what talking to
the doll no inhabitants oh you got there
you get that saw spear yeah well try it
we'll try it like yourself I I picked up
other weapons my entire playthrough but
always always always I had the saw spear
with me okay my my play for my personal
play for my first playthrough little
winded has become your strength even in
the Lord the cleaver is an upgraded
sauce here in the lore look I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna use this thing for
long I'm just not right
oh there's so many weapons in the game
right
what is the story of blood-borne have
fun killing monsters motherfucker you
know there's monsters you hunt monsters
some stuff about the moon and blood
it's then you are the monster I think
it's it's kind it's complicated
that you know the great thing about the
story of blood-borne is it's less I
don't even know if I would call it a
story then I would call it a world
there's no there's no start and end to
blood-borne you just discover more about
the world of blood-borne it is just an
entity that exists and you're rolling
around in it man
the the actual game has no like save
save the princess from the ant monster
you know it's it's a whole different
thing this story has the story and it's
complex as fuck yes this thing though I
just don't care
write it the story doesn't shove itself
in your face how's that
the story is anything with a red thing
over their head dies boom doot-doot
doot-doot
where were we now the latchkey kid says
hey guys just finished my Greatest Hits
rewatch of next-gen I still think the
finale is the best ever for a TV show
really damn good it's a shame they
ruined it with the movies yeah well
luckily I think they'll be they'll
probably be a whole generation of people
who just watch the show and don't care
about the movies and so they'll just be
happy
nothing nothing the movie any of the
movies did will ever top but card
joining the poker game for the first
time yeah that's such a simple thing
it's the perfect ending to T and G cards
joining the poker game it's the greatest
you hadn't done it before run through
the ages
beautiful no neither richer I have
played a ps4 pro nope I have I have a PC
and my current PlayStation 4 is only
good for blood-borne I am not
exaggerating the amount of dust on
Rich's ps4
the amount of dust on Ritchie's ps4
almost looks like he did it on purpose
- like ages you know like if I'd say
rich like we're gonna we're gonna shoot
a video I need you two to age your ps4
to make it look like you haven't played
it in a long time can you do that that's
how it looks right now it looks like it
was done that on purpose it's beautiful
like if you have a gaming PC and I
definitely do I don't I don't know what
the purpose of a PlayStation Pro is I
have no idea it's kind of powerful like
kind of a middling computer you can't
use a mouse oh that's it oh oh my god
uploaded to Twitter check check white
part of it off oh I did I I wasn't
thinking because in my head I was
fiddling with it to get the stream
started I had so much dust on it that I
wiped a bit of it off so yeah it's not
it doesn't look as spectacular now no no
I know you know the the frame rates are
better you get HDR you get 4k with the
ps4 Pro button
Oh what happened there he shot behind or
he could shut towards the camera
yeah rather than at the monsters what
happened it was very straight
is there another monster no who was that
that's corpse of the monster I killed a
monster there there's two monsters there
what oh that's just a corpse that's all
I saw the two corpses and I thought
those were two months two corpses but
then I saw the third month the third
corpse I I'm with it I use okay it's
everything's fine
everything's gonna be fine and going
into a battle unprepared it's not very
smart that's what you do you you're
gonna use the the toy the tiny music box
I'm not I'm not used to fighting them
with a soft spear this fight can go very
bad sure the latchkey kid I did not read
the question in your tip because you're
asking us to guess about another
person's likes or dislikes and we can't
answer it so I just chose to omit it
Star Trek movie here which series should
I start with next tune yeah next chance
fine cos isn't bad either I wouldn't
start with Deep Space nine or any of the
others next gen you you might think that
the original series has aged horribly I
wouldn't blame anybody for thinking that
so I think TNG and I would say season 3
that's what I always say
rather than season one cuz season 1 of T
and G is pretty bad and season 2 is
pretty spotty great episodes and some
horrible ones
stop shooting the wrong people that's a
yeah that's happened a couple times it's
very strange
what do you have inverted done rich that
didn't work out so well
first try man rich I'm killing it you
hear it your goddamn killing it
oh man just killing it
I think rich might be a bit better than
Jack which is definitely performing
better than I did
that being said according to rich he he
was warming up I don't write a good day
warmup you know he had a warm-up at home
and you were seeing me warm up and I
don't feel like I did that bad but this
is great no rich is murdering it
absolutely and I mean you know I think
choosing the Saskia really helps with
that what happened to Diddy Kong Racing
I ordered another copy another
