Episode 982
Craving more Bloodborne (pt 3)
March 21, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfcHZp5YYB0
___________________________________________

in the waking world yes that area where
rich goes to upgrade is called the
hunter's dream
this square just ahead just to hang out
what he's shy want the holy blood
oh yeah Ludvig yeah yeah Ludwig's only
blade I don't know what accent that
wasn't I'm sorry if I offended anyone I
have no idea what that was no it's fine
who's got a Swedish it was kind of sweet
kind of German not necessarily not
Russian
that was just a general accent Nord fix
only bled it's not a known accent of
anywhere in particular but it sounds
like it's from many places oh my god
you were almost I was dead I was about
ready to stop trying this I thought I
was just out ok death animation
be movie villain accent and yeah yeah
that's just general accent this is my
accent I could be from Russia or maybe
Germany or maybe South Africa
you don't know general that's okay I
have to go have a nice pee man
psiphon of the star feet are you going
you troll
you come back here right now
are you going
they're illegals hair dye miss miss like
treasure box today
I don't think there's anything around
here I think I just goes back around
pretty sure does I'm going to ignore it
I was talking to the chairman what do
you even let you know what's going on
it's a strange thing to say out loud I
don't think there's any goes anything
over here
these little goblins I can kill I want
to kill some little goblins
seems great
[Music]
that's snow and it'll I need a little
bit more blood echoes to afford it but
we can totally get ourselves a Ludwig's
blade
I don't know that I'm gonna throw out
the saw spear though
slime monster
I thought I fucked that up almost fuck
that up
nothin let's drop I almost missed the
ledge oh yeah this is a fucked-up area
so many deaths here so many deaths Oh
Jack was just getting a water also a
little out a little in you kinda have to
be the doll now right no you know what I
have I have self-respect and so I will
not be dressing up like the doll that's
fair you know what that's fair
I know anybody who watches red letter
media comment content might be surprised
to hear that I have some self-respect
nonetheless it is true you have just
just that's enough just
[Laughter]
we can rename this dream Jack is correct
about sauce beers yes oh yeah you are
it's great weapon man great weapon and
it looks cool too I know but you know
what it doesn't have that like the
cleaver has more of like a bat class
like a meat cleaver feel to it this this
the cleaver does look a little bit but
this is a great weapon I feel your name
something I never felt before I remember
this
I remember this in my original
playthrough you give the doll the hair
clip that you found and she's oh the
doll oh man this game is brilliant every
part of this game is brilliant everyone
just talks almost a whisper but I have
to claim it's just like it's like it's
like there were afraid monsters will
hear it's like they've spent their
entire life cowering and hiding from
monsters and suddenly just with some
restraint like some on the other side
Carrie already did that dude give me
give me give me old advice old man huh
oh yeah I need uh I need lewd things
neither loo pigs get it
Ludvig it up I didn't get Lube fixed
plate
I had to get the badge from that little
tower up saying okay and then it's
available to buy it
okay I gotta buy it
traveler speaks I have not seen
annihilation yet I'll probably get
around to it this week I do want to see
it I'm excited to see it I just haven't
seen me yet I mean I may need some more
plumbing how much is it
mm I think the 20,000 I think yeah but I
can't upgrade it yeah well I'll just buy
it now and then go farming with it then
you get the fun of playing with it first
I don't use an on one level that's silly
well if you're gonna farm anyway it
might as well farm with the fun weapon
that you want to use I'm gonna kill like
I gotta kill like like two dudes
probably to get enough to upgrade it
okay if you have the right stats for it
I should I've been popping up in pumping
points in the skill and string now go
sword sell the down close oh you know
what I'm gonna be a completionist I'm
gonna keep all the things
I thought you had to kill Ludwig in
order to get it that's a different holy
sword that's the the the moonlight sword
moonlights yeah yeah that's the
moonlights and isn't that in the dlc
yeah yeah I've options multiple things I
could do I couldn't go straight to
Amelia Oh
Vica there's some people I can be
rescuing which I'm probably gonna do
it's crap on mother yeah
though I rescue people and go to the
slightly secret area sure that sounds
like a good plan be the hero then go to
the slightly secret area right in the
shins
davin people on their feet what does it
what does it cost to upgrade this a few
times I didn't know anyone ever yeah
all right where are we today let's see
here oh I was just trying to find where
I left off a lost in technical assistant
interviews with writer director Alex and
Garland I watched a few of them after
seeing annihilation he's very smart and
shows open contempt for the airhead
hosts oh I don't know if I would like
that I'm generally speaking a nice
person so I don't know if I would like
him showing open contempt for people you
know some people are just worthy of
contempt I suppose it depends you're
right you are correct
am i low on health battles for some
reason you only have 15 have you
I hadn't been my dad just been using
that many I certainly have been dying
like it's not like I blew through a
bunch on the Blood star of being you you
used like eight but I should have dozens
right at this point yes hmm
that means I might have to go farming
that kind of sorry Michael farming
all right click the boom click click
boom
can you put gems in them yet oh wait
yeah
there you go there you go uh uh you know
what Sampson Oh live I will say that
sometimes yes there is some farming to
be done in blood-borne yeah the cleavers
is upgraded as I can get the cleaver
right now and I agree that that if I
would have to you know looking back on
blood-borne yes every once in a while
you need to just grind some echoes kill
some trolls for some blood vials holy
shit I need more blood vials yeah you're
all out of blood holy shit that's great
firm well you'll be fine for now
you got 15
Jack did you ever follow up on the
planet Harlan in that one the planet
heart life is mentioned several times in
Star Trek discovery I've never followed
up on it as in like I don't know like
and they weren't they weren't talking
about as I'm Noah it's just a weird
coincidence that there's a planet har
Lac and that is generally speaking my
username
I think it's possible and they were just
red letter media fans and wrote that it
would be that would be so that would be
very strange don't you think
strange but not impossible not
impossible I think even for red letter
media fans wouldn't they rather name the
planet after a red letter media thing I
don't know and not a me thing all right
harlech does sound like the name of a
alien planet
yeah Harlech but well maybe that's why
you don't the planet still class up
doesn't quite sound like an alien planet
that just sounds like a reference sure
but I'm sure I don't know though yes the
planet Grabowski but you know like then
you called like the planet like grab AO
or something weird like that or har lash
or Harlech yes
yep yeah where you gonna fart what are
you doing nothing
oh yeah gotta get the top hit
I hate this yeah I did
all right be careful here this could be
bad yay it's not bad yay
[Laughter]
thoughts on the cane whip have never
used that much had one run where I'd
tried to use it I wasn't doing very good
with it and so I gave up on it
that's exactly my experience with the
cane well I did try and I yeah not not
my kind of weapon
I know people swear by it
do they make some people do like the
whip but do that's a good weapon I'll
give it that
but easy back man oh the bagman I only
want to see a bagman from behind I know
I'm giving you animation that was free
animation Oh God ammunition fuck well
that was free - I don't attend that one
now they have animation ammunition they
can animate they can animate that yeah
you can animate you this speaking make
me look quadruple II bad yep
rich how much you have to pay for saves
lives in blood-borne
[Laughter]
hello
Ludwig's
that's not an EA joke that's a Konami
joke as in Metal Gear server sure is
joke I don't care survive you at the
paper oh god those guys oh my god I
forgot about those guys oh I hate those
guys oh man I'm just remembering those
guys in um was that yard cool oh sure
well I know they're everywhere
I felt the chalice dungeons no but I'm
thinking specifically when when you get
kidnapped by the bagman I don't think
they show up there at least not when you
get kidnapped they might show up the
area later I don't really remember him
around the witches show up in that area
oh yeah the witches suck - everything's
great this game is great
upper cathedral ward is where those
insights suckers are oh yeah they're
there too but I want to say they're
there also that's fine it's fine that's
easy to get back to no skardu is very
enjoyable stream as usual I finally took
the plunge and subscribed that's right
zero fucking months thank you
I was only fooling myself by holding out
keep it up Thank You moose curtido we a
if you can survive that subscribed it's
great oh you know or is this one we
appreciate that too
just you guys hanging out
you're the fucker that took my blood
echoes stab them in the shins rich right
in the shins eat it shins I've heard
some good things about vermintide - yes
I don't think it's a game rich and I
will get around to other stuff to do
I've got a decent idea for our next
full-on video I've gotten some time in
already and I think there's some stuff
to talk about
did you just say owl no I think he just
went oh well I would fuck that I would
too but it's just uh nothing a bird they
care to go oh stop it
you hit me with your painful fans yeah
death counter is dramatically going up
in these last 10 minutes I'm not happy
about it weird almost like the game gets
harder the more you play it probably
just means I should take a fucking break
that's fine you know go another like 15
minutes
Oh
big win big whiff rich yeah thanks jack
we go where
Burger King diamond this is rich yeah my
understanding is that you like some
heavy metal music what are your
favorites and what are your thoughts on
Slayer calling it a day do whatever they
want man I'm gonna be fairly boring on
you know Metallica's fine I've heard
others I don't my brain doesn't organize
itself with bands just songs sure sure
that's fair
am i evil is a fantastic heavy metal
song Diamondhead okay well I got diamond
heads great no I am evils a great song
fucking god Judas Priest electric I okay
is one of the most amazing things ever I
don't know if I know that James priests
on you know everyone knows that that the
Hellion slash electric is one that
starts out it's great
does rich like Van Halen um let me some
songs I'm like I'm not I'm not super
musically inclined
I enjoy Van Halen quite a bit not van
Hagar very important distinction but Van
Halen is is my kind of cheese man I
gotta open up that door friendly big
dumb things I need to do over here yeah
and I'm leaving the over there area
which doesn't make any sense I
understand exactly what you're saying
popped pants says I got a really bad flu
today thanks for the company even my
girlfriend didn't want to see me so
question
Batman is a Mary Sue yes
Oh
I need to get my shoes just shake it off
and shake it off any any character
that's been around as long as Batman is
has reached the status of unbelievable
unbelievabl and and change and
everything's broken about them we've
talked about that many times here on
stream according to most comics now
Batman is rich enough to solve all crime
in Gotham City without putting on the
suit really huh well most crime wouldn't
you say but you know obviously there's
gonna be like crazy person crime in
Gotham City but the day-to-day criminal
like the the criminals that just want to
rob the bank Batman can Batman can put
an end to that if I just might paying
them off literally just he can he could
pay to like everyone in Gotham doesn't
need to worry about money anymore
because of Bruce Wayne's well he has
enough money to have a giant satellite
in space how superpower people
he's got it he's got it he's thinking
about it is no ladies know what to do I
want to kill that guy no I guess I guess
he's got him he doesn't his eyes are
glowing no no that one straight Oh yep
his eyes is Bowen if your blood for
those who don't know a lot of times your
blood echoes end up just on the ground
but if an enemy walks over them they eat
your blood echoes and you have to kill
that enemy instead of picking them up
from the ground so this guy want market
just got the glowing people eyes he knew
you were coming
stem and the skeleton foot get out of
there Oh Russian aggression fight I
can't believe you did that without
healing have I heard of king gizzard and
the lizard wizard like the name King
gizzard and the lizard wizard I have not
heard of them no I'm sorry I don't know
what king gizzard and the lizard wizard
is I'm sorry
listen and and I see in chat a lot of
people are talking about like what is
and isn't a Mary Sue I being a Mary Sue
is much like what we call roguelike
games now the definition aids a little
fluid the original definition when I
think I was a little bit more specific
than the way its use now yeah the way
it's use now is just character you don't
like that's exactly what it's turned
into yes it used to stand for something
man I don't know that's even true I
gotta get the drop on these guys or are
they facing my way they are facing your
way and waiting for you yeah yeah that's
not the way we're gonna go it turns out
we're gonna go a different way
[Laughter]
I'm stuck oh great yep nope oh great
valiant bloodshot's is hey guys valiant
is getting into the film universe game
with blood shots shooting in July
starring Vin Diesel that is true that is
official now also rob live fields
extreme universe is in development at
netflix so they're they're whitewashing
bloodshot
[Music]
for the characterization right I thank
bloodshot was Asian
valiant bloodshot I'm gonna I'm analyst
I don't know what the current bloodshot
is I haven't read the reboots of
anything I'm gonna I'm gonna assume that
someone with the username valium
bloodshot knows a little something about
bloodshot so tell me valia bloodshot I'm
looking for you in chat you tell me if
bloodshot is Asian he has the big he has
a Japanese flag on no bloodshot is white
in the comic according to value
bloodshot his real name is Ray garrison
okay so if anything there uh and his
costume is the Japanese flag essentially
yes alright so there Vin Diesel washing
bloodshot I'm okay with Vin Diesel as an
actor he's got a decent amount of a good
schlock to him I'm cool with that I'm
fine with this it's just strange I
always thought he was an Asian man maybe
one shot maybe he's a secret Asian man
secret Asian man classic rock and roll
song
I you know I that wasn't a bad joke
here's what happened
here's what happened my brain turned its
attention back to blood-borne and I
missed the joke and by the time my brain
got around to processing the joke the
moment had passed and it looked like I
dissed you but that was a good joke I
wanted to the record I wanted to be
known that was a good joke my brain was
just in blood-borne and that was a crime
that I undercut your jokes by having no
reaction whatsoever to the joke it
worked out
[Laughter]
yeah that's great Vin Diesel is a good
action star
I usually his caliber of movies is a
little more on the schlock side if
you've seen the Fast & Furious franchise
wasn't bloodshot schlock you need just a
tough guy assassin kind of mercenary I
have no idea I've never read about but
less self-conscious than Deadpool isn't
that the whole bit I have no idea I've
never read bullshit okay I do not know
bloodshot and it was just typical 90s
badass character Oh
well then that's Vin Diesel yeah you're
good so then that's good casting
Sherlock isn't terrible no Sherlock
doesn't necessarily mean bad you know
corny it would be a synonym for schlock
and that's not necessarily a bad thing
being corny sucked straight up on fire
just really burn Hugh I'm gonna call
that bullshit I mean you were right up
in the fire that's that's exactly what
would happen you would die immediately
you know
I have I have my I had my blood to start
beast moment I'm fine oh yeah anything
else that happens tonight this is just
I'm fine this is icing on the blood
stuff piece cake you beat that your oh
the bag man the bag man don't lay the
bag man yeah you're absolutely fine you
uh you defeated the blood no matter how
many times you whip you defeated the
blood star feast on your first Friday so
yeah and father gets going on your first
trial right yeah yeah I'm good
how do you why do you want to count the
cleric beast I died the first time but I
didn't try to fight him barehanded did
you beat him your first time with a
weapon yes oh well then you know that
counts obviously no one expected you to
beat him with your bare fists that was
more joke than anything I'll say it
serious I want to kill that bastard
you you were you were doing your best
impression of a tiny proctologist it's
time for your mother
Vin Diesel was the bass player in
Sixpence None the Richer that sounds
like a made-up fact remember that band
is Sixpence None the Richer
they did that song it was a hit is a hit
song
that sounds like a made-up fact that
sounds like something absolutely so
unbelievable that I need to check Vin
Diesel's Wikipedia page right now hold
on do I know he's the voice of the Iron
Giant which you know he does craving no
it doesn't mention anything here about
him being in Sixpence None the Richer
i think you're making that up i think i
think you're absolutely making that up
that's not that's a fake fake fake
thanks for bringing up that corpse of a
song Jack okay I got a better one for
you
Natalie Imbruglia torn remember that one
nothing's right on its own got a music
guy I have a lot of things this is how
it feels cold and I'm afraid lying naked
on the floor
[Laughter]
there was not any late 90s early aughts
pop awfulness talk about music you know
you know you know some good music
yeah the Tron Legacy soundtrack that's a
great sound rearrange some letters in
torn there you get frog you can't Ron
Ron soundtrack absolutely it's just I
was just listening to that that the
other day just cuz it's fantastic oh
that's perfect background music just
slightly driving interesting bits yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah remember that steel
song from the Batman movie I think you
mean kiss from a rose yes yeah been
kissed by rose on the grave that's the
greatest soundtrack by the way the
Batman Forever soundtrack seal Smashing
Pumpkins the
fucking
oh that's right you to hold me kiss me
kill me thrill me remember that song
yeah
and the Flaming Lips are on that
soundtrack too
I'm not a music guy I can't tell you who
the flaming lips are check you know not
I'm not musically inclined no The
Flaming Lips you might know them they
did did so many songs it's a great it's
fucking great
you think ohm is Mazie's star on that
fucking great time
what was the Smashing Pumpkins song on
that soundtrack it was so good so good
right I'm not a I'm not a terribly huge
Smashing Pumpkins fan but the song they
had on that was really good
the end is the beginning is the end
thank you
apple crisp Smashing Pumpkins the end is
the beginning is the end great song and
yeah that soundtrack is is a rockin
there's nothing worth it over here is
now only got some cold blood dude a
blood vial do you need blood vials there
you go then it was worth it
then it was worth it and been up there
yeah and a lot of trouble to get over
here for nothing I did save the
prostitute though there you go
boom save the toot got a vial and I
gotta go back to the church to talk to
Hera then go back save the dude because
he knows she got saved and then you're
doing it rich you're doing it then I
gotta kill a guy oh well you gotta kill
a crazy guy look crazy you might not
know this I might not I don't know if
I'll show you the next part of the Ilene
thing I don't know if I save everybody
yep or did everything there's a lot to
this game well pay attention pay
attention I'm sure there's some shit
coming shit okay I'm ready have you
saved the prostitute yes I saved the
prostitute did you save the grumpy guy
I saved the old lady old lady sir yeah
the grumpy guy maybe I can even come
back all right it's been a while
it's been a while
I get sweet what's 2,000 politicals oh
what up I mean you're here you might
know you might as well diminishing
returns I mean 20,000 not that much
anymore a couple get a point to stamina
maybe one get a little point let me
stand close some Italian guy I'm very
excited about an infinity war
I'm super hyped in the background while
I've been working I've been having some
Marvel movies play just to yeah just to
pump me up that's coming out earlier
than I thought it wasn't it's going out
naples soon yeah that means I gotta
watch the Ragnarok soon yeah you should
it's a V no you should just do it
Black Panther will probably still be in
theaters that's fine I'll just read
spoilers sure it'll be fine Black
Panthers could appear in the movie and
what happened to that movie won't affect
infinity war that much it'll be great
I'm trying to think of it yeah no
nothing that happened in Black Panther
except for the fact that you already
know what what kinda is but you already
know I already know what you're fine
you're fine
jack is flexing the laptop I am I am I'm
getting a little uh getting a little
fidgety get a tiny bit fidgety I can
show you where all of the people are to
save okay for we go that'll end the
stream sure that sounds perfect sounds
like a great day woman all right super
save the prostitute I had to leave the
area and come back so she would show up
you're sure you've saved her
I've saved her definitely okay
everyone talks yes
see if you saved the grumpy guy is he in
that corner the right wonder he's
straight ahead maybe behind her head
wait is he there no no maybe you know
like I said it's also been a while since
I've played vicar Amelia fine maybe
we'll do that who there's just so many
things to do exactly
[Music]
if you find any sane survivors well to
save the nun you have to get bagged yes
now I'm really excited for infinity war
I'm picking up a lot of just for you
know Avengers 1 vibes is just like this
is actually this is actually a big deal
right
and I think that was generally speaking
everyone's complaint with age of Ultron
is like didn't seem like a big deal yeah
which is true just don't build why they
don't build a stupid robot why'd you
build a stupid robot Tony Stark well if
you watch the Iron Man 3 you'd know
exactly why he built a stupid robot man
cuz I'm a pervert and it sets up age of
Ultron very well but yes
age of Ultron didn't feel like a big
event unlike the first Avengers which
was a huge event but this it just it's
just if everybody who's ever been in a
Marvel movie is just gonna be hanging
out so after after you saved a
prostitute okay you go to this window
okay and this guy who was not wanting to
listen to you at all before ya notices
you told the prostitute some things now
he's willing to hear you out
there's a trick there's a trick to this
is a trick to this guy okay he doesn't
trust outsiders right
so considering he doesn't trust
outsiders he does the opposite of what
you tell him to do oh that's brilliant
tell him to go to oedon chapel he'll go
to iof iOS I use my eye so you said
Scott you saw his clinic instead and
obviously if you don't - go - yes his
clinic I'll go to our Chapel to be safe
that's great that's easy
it says I'm to shop that I know I know
bollocks when I hear it
[Laughter]
no lip by E Thor Thor - isn't as bad as
you remember it it's not like the best
in the world but it's certainly not the
worst and you do get a lot of good Thor
Loki stuff in the second act
and obviously Loki is what makes a lot
of the Thor movies good so it's not the
worst it's just kind of black just kind
of nothing okay so I leaned the chrome
here's here's part two of Ilene's thing
okay well after you've beaten the blood
starve beast actually more specifically
not the blood starve beast after all
those gates up there are open that main
gate is open yeah it's but sponsor once
all those doors are open okayed main
gates she appears right here nope hello
perfect timing I must warn you not to go
near the tomb below oedon chapel in the
cathedral ward oh really
my
okay business first so she told the snob
to go so we have to go obviously that's
the very
[Laughter]
battle up the environment to at war
machine is fucking wicked though yeah it
is it is Iron Man 2 is a lot like Thor 2
where it's just kind of I don't I don't
know that having the bestest battle
scene necessarily makes it the best at
bestest overall movie though no or even
a decent movie like it's hold up hold up
hello is that Henry yep he's gone mad
you see oh I see he did a little pout he
did a little you did a little he's
actually pretty tough okay fortunately
we don't do this alone ah I've done I've
definitely done this okay I have
definitely done this but I think I think
I did this like way later after I talked
to him and I think I forget about of wow
okay I forgot about it I was just like
farming and I came back to this area
because I was farming and he surprised
me and I was like shit who's this guy
you just kind of let Eileen get his
attention
yeah and then hit him behind cuz it's
cheap and it works absolutely and that's
the name of the game whatever works
just be careful not to hit folks too
much you can kill her oh sure
and as she needs to do the fight the
killing blow that wasn't necessary of
you but you have my thanks
we made it with our lives you're not bad
at all you must have kill gas gone as
well then yeah she says gas kool-aid
welcome
oh he loved Esquire I'm sure it had to
be done I'm just going to keep your
hands clean the hunter should hunt
beasts leave the hunting of hunters to
me
try to keep your hands clean leave the
hunting of hunters that's great there we
go that's great that's great
leave the hunters of leave the hunting
of hunters to me that's great she does
have it she does she has like a like a
almost an Irish accent yeah wasn't
British Irish it sounded or Scot may be
Scottish Jack she's one of them thar
goofy foreigners all right she's over
there it's one of them mate possibly the
United Kingdom I don't know what's all
part of the United Kingdom so who knows
there's a grumpy dude I don't know if I
ever got him I am a for 20 year you are
wrong Winter Soldier is not one of the
worst MCU movies Winter Soldier is a
great movie obviously you are not
allowed your own opinion
I love the Winter Soldier I think it's
fantastic
III obviously you are entitled to your
own opinion I think Winter Soldier was
fantastic far better than Civil War far
better than Civil War yes you know yes
I'm okay with Civil War Civil War got a
little muddled Winter Soldier is is
clean Civil War would have been better
without the Civil War without the big
fortuitous fight with all the heroes we
actually would have been a better movie
if it was just another Captain America
movie yeah that focus on that and he
could still fight with Iron Man yeah
yeah I don't disagree but the big fight
scene was fun it just reached so much
fanservice it actually took me straight
out of the film oh yeah yeah sure then I
wouldn't have been a civil war then you
call it something else
holy crap Richie you solve it so it's
like okay guys I'm gonna blow your mind
movies they're all made up right and
like not only like are what the
characters do and say made up but like
the title you can change that like at
any time you want to call it something
different you can do that man all right
there's the last person we save ok the
nun yeah you save the nun oh maybe maybe
I saved it up just to make it easier to
get my damn blood I go back you can you
can kill me out here dude yeah do you
killed by the back man right it's goes
back to go to back man land to go to
yard ghoul right back man Lynch bag man
land where they have it where they have
the creepy giant pigs creepy pigs
Oh hurry the fuck up he whiffed there
just for that get him in the gut wasting
my goddamn time bagman you were standing
still rich no any fucking River left
[Laughter]
there's another guy you can save - oh
he's fake and you know it don't save the
other guy it's a mistake it's a trick
it's a trap
what there's another guy you could save
okay but he just kills the other people
you're saved you find this beggar guy
and it's really obvious he's not up to
no good cuz you when you first see him
be surrounded by bloody corpses oh is
that the guy in the woods yeah yeah yeah
the Funtown flames no the the tension of
getting cape mapped here doesn't lose
its weight because it you have to work
in order to travel out of here you're
also assuming this is supposed to be
tension and not just a a hidden way to
get to a later area early but it is
smoke this is supposed to be a tense air
because right now rich you cannot get
back to what you know this is supposed
to be this is just it's a way to get
here early and you could do some really
nice farming here Oh early on that's
that's really true but but you can't now
teleport back I mean this is a reward
not a scary section of the game this is
a scary section of what it's both it's
yes it's a reward but it's also a very
scary section of the game this freaks me
out you know I got here and I got to
that first Lantern and all of a sudden
I'm like oh thank god I can get back to
what I know now but then the lantern
says you can't hear can't get back yeah
isn't this the place there's that later
that's something else you can take the
lantern back here I'm will find out
shortly I'm pretty damn sure you can oh
isn't this the we'll see yeah one of
these places you get you get to the
lantern and it says you can't leave yet
you can't leave yet and you have to find
like a second Lantern
so there's the money she's not wearing
the Hat back in the cathedral so I think
I found her you have to be wearing some
kind of church outfit and farther
Gascoigne's outfits it's scary because
you have to oh maybe I'm mixing I'm
mixing things up you cannot leave until
you find a lantern Yeah right yeah maybe
that's what I'm talking about okay
you have to you have to get through a
chunk of this section and if you die you
go back to you start back in your cell
and you can't go back to the hunter's
dream or anything can you send the
madman survivor to the clinic instead of
the church
yes that's usually how I deal with him
or maybe transformed is implied they
transform him to one of those monsters
now here the tension actually for me is
finding the lantern before you die cuz
you can't I think you can get back here
if you don't set off that lantern
and then you don't you just respond in
the in the dream or somewhere if you die
here then without without the lantern no
you respawn back in your cell all right
I don't think so but I'm wrong about it
many times about many things and and
it's been too long since I've played
this section
I'm not gonna aggravate the back man
oh don't aggravate the nice back man
he's a good bag man he's just doing his
bag man job he's bagging
they're saying you go back to your cell
until you find the lab is it okay right
so you're stuck here you're stuck in
this area and I don't recall things
there ain't no getting out
I don't recall things I should make my
way back to the damn lantern wait when
is this listen later on this Lancer like
burnt out later on it believed this gets
destroyed right but for now it's fine I
think maybe I'm mushing to parts of the
games again you might be you might be
that could be it
cuz yeah later on that lantern is burnt
out so you have to find another another
Lander alright so what's the plan
what echoes back okay we have the fight
there I guess Amelia oh shit you're
gonna give her a try yeah I guess I may
as well yeah well yeah I don't remember
Amelia's fight that well I know she's
not the hardest boss though so I don't I
don't know what's gonna happen what's we
know what we'll see this it either ends
you know on us remembering a great boss
fight or a grace ball great boss fight
right
Oh brave and your line thank you very
much
the tower is in disarray
but there are still people here together
we awaiting the help of the healing
church which superhero movie was Oscar
Isaac in he was like a yes he was
apocalypse in Age of Apocalypse even
though you couldn't tell cuz of all of
his dumb purple makeup and he was also
in by whether the nun is jealous when
you talk to the prostitute I I believe
it
no I mean all right and what sign
froster look you know this back with the
notice right yeah I see there no keep
your eye on done feel like you've showed
me this before but keep your eye on the
nun okay she know I've seen her peek her
head out like look at you she's ever
seen her like flat out like lean her
body out to spy on you
she she's looking over yeah that's fine
[Music]
[Laughter]
what is Oscar Isaac known for for ex
machina and now he's he's a poem I
always Poe Dameron she did in my head I
remembered it being more comical like
more of an obviously note she's looking
at that could be my young could be just
me miss remembering it yeah and that's
that's everyone saved everyone everyone
savable that isn't secretly a homicidal
maniac and it's like you're what's crazy
I mean you've gotten so far yeah
unimaginably far in four hours and and
just scratched the surface
[Laughter]
this game is rocking great all the time
oh hey ready for ready for another old
song that's gonna get stuck in your head
so now that you've saved everyone else
who will save your souls
[Music]
so we'll be stuck with my head high what
if God was one of us you know you know
what's been stuck in my head and I'm not
I'm not complaining about it
I'm kind of glad it's stuck in my head
what's looking here Bohemian Rhapsody is
this the real life is this just fantasy
caught in a landslide no escape from
reality there are my blood echoes I
forgot to pick them I'll kill this guy
now he is so asleep having the gun you
stab him right in the gut slice and down
cut cut cut nice nice bring it around
who's the guy who played Gollum and King
Kong he didn't play King Kong hey I
think he was just in King Kong saying it
help for this fight yeah you're thinking
of uh I know she's an easy boss but Andy
Serkis Andy Serkis was Gollum and I
don't think he was King Kong right oh
shit
nothing working that guy fucks you up
well yeah but I lived I should have had
them but I fucking I fucking with like a
scrub now this guy's here to talk to you
get out of here scrub yeah oh those guys
can you hit me while I'm opening the
door
can I come in
ah doesn't look like it very good looks
like they're kind of trapped good great
great
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do where are
we here we are at MC Lukas who says tip
for you rich for using those cocktails
like a fucking pro mad cocktail stress
magistrate's doctor lube it up says one
of my old teachers has been convicted of
child sex offences I have some you know
what I was an idiot yeah and I did not
set up my little preset thing before I
got into this fight and I don't want to
do it while I'm in the fight because
that just sounds like suicide
absolutely so we're gonna do this
without anything useful equipped great
sorry doctor lube it up future pres de
RBC's rich congrats on beating the Beast
sorry for the interruption wanted to say
thanks for the save you giants
recommendation they were great in
Boulder what are your favorite stage
plays and or musicals
I don't have any favorite stage plays or
musicals Jack do you I mean I enjoy the
old Disney animated musicals buting the
beasts a Little Mermaid Aladdin
why on King yeah but I don't usually
care Christine you got a visceral from
behind on her
nope just going around her
I would also recommend not all that was
letting her grab you like that
[Applause]
not apparently you cannot
about to get a picture of this
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
those close one room you know great tip
I heard once huh
if you're having troubles with the boss
and this boss in particular maybe think
about it if you're really having trouble
with the boss in blood-borne mute the
game really that like just listening to
that like listening to her shrieks
freaked me out and I think that that
that like gives you some unnecessary
tension and so a tip I heard once was if
you mute the game during a boss fight
you can handle them much easier because
you're not having that extrasensory
freak out but yeah like that was creepy
they heard just going creeped me out
let's see here gave four quarters says I
work at a diner on some of these names
yeah you know the it's how you want to
represent yourself when they want to
represent themselves as gay for okay for
quarters absolutely like that's that's
life man I work at a diner part of my
job is chatting people up and I tell
customers about rlm all the time I write
it on register tape like the
Ghostbusters you guys are entrepreneurs
oh that was quick
that sucked yeah did don't want them
yeah Emma Ruru before rich starts this
fight says hey guys when do you think
you will do another board game three and
Barbie rematch perhaps have a great
night we just need more people maybe
maybe one of these days there's a couple
two-player games that I can bring in all
right Amelia
[Music]
well fuck me
[Applause]
she's not taking any shoot this fight
oh you're not dead oh my god
her screams her screams max power 1 2 1
5 s Jack and rich my roommate and I want
to get into streaming games do you have
any advice for starting out from the
ground up on Twitch also for blood-borne
we didn't we didn't here's the thing we
totally did not start from the ground up
no we had a pre-established fan base
from other thing that being said we had
a pre-established fan base lost most of
it right away because they realized it
was just me and rich then slowly built
on that you know we've been following
kind of the pre-established rules of
having a regular schedule trying to play
some games that people want to see
and and so it's all rules that that you
kind of know already which is keep to a
regular schedule and play some games
that lead to unique situations where you
can
make clips of those situations and
people see the clips and then want to
see you live it's all set
seven beers I wouldn't say the tips
control the flow they offer jumping-off
points just like chat does and they
still pay attention she's still got me
with that yeah
yes you did stone cold rich she is
I was kind of surprised earlier when he
called her an easy she's harder than I
remember her but I usually go to like
the witches first I used to take the
time maybe I don't go straight to Emilio
sure sure
so I might not be as lovely whatever
maybe Tiberius I think yeah I think you
got some some nostalgia glasses on I
think try it with someone man next time
I kind of want to do it on my own yeah
but if I fuck up next time then we'll do
a summon maybe I guess you know the
other part of that siberius is we've
already had the conversation and so like
a lot of our conversations are stilted
because the stuff we've already talked
about and so we kind of give the cliff
notes now and there's not a lot of new
stuff happening so we had a lot more
stories back then we had a lot more
things to talk about now we've talked
about a lot of things and we just got to
keep either regurgitating similar thing
oil wait to the news Commandments we had
a larger back camera back in the day
most of that is gone
alright I'll get help fuck it ah nothing
wrong with asking don't help
Chad it's not that I it's not that I'm I
never read chat and I do read chat and
if I think something's interesting and I
read it in the chat I'll bring it up and
talk about it but people paid for the
tip man what do you want me to do not
read the tips and we usually get a ton
of them and they get backed up and if we
if we take our time and actually talk
about the things yeah which we can try
to do it takes us a while to get through
those tips I think well Tiberius is
thing was just you know like hey you
know you guys used to talk so much more
about just random stuff and like I'm
saying we've already talked about yeah I
think we can't you can't recapture that
magic
but that's all ah marks as I'm sure this
question has been asked before but how
familiar are either of you with the
Ratchet and Clank games I just started
playing the reboot on ps4 and it's
pretty refreshing not varied to be
perfectly honest with you me as well and
Rihanna can you Andrey it
Henriette what are you doing right
behind you do you have to like tell her
to help her no she should just do it
no now she's doing it
now she's do it
hunchback jack says i'm listening to the
stream while doing my taxes that's true
it is tax time everyone get him ready
and while it it's not as complicated as
fluid dynamics you guys are keeping me
from going and saying things as always
this real attack is on her face yeah but
then yeah it's hard it's hard to hit her
face is the problem she's a giant dark
monster yeah who's who swipes in front
of her yeah
that's easier that's far easier said
than done if you were if if this was
maybe a spider-man game you could swing
from the ceiling
was Henry
where's your friend
which I think you lost before I don't
think I was getting much out of that
relationship anyway
what did she go I think she was still
fighting dudes while you were in passed
everyone she was taking care of all
those dudes outside don't worry about
that she's covering the door she was
covering the exits it's a long way down
from the blood start Beast Jack we hey
we had that we had that that's all that
matters
crane hand crisis run the jewels is in
town tonight Dallas opening for Lord but
I had to spend the whole weekend in a
food truck I'm going to spend $16 of my
misery money to buy sleigh the spire
because I can absolutely so you're
saying you did not get to see run the
jewels opening for the Lord I'm very
sorry that would be awesome
slay the spires fun slay the spire is
very fun I also enjoy run the jewels and
I like Lord to Lords nice two very
different genres I'm very surprised that
they are oh it's South by Southwest snow
is that what's that no that's your in
Dallas wasting wasting more insight on
this Biddy
Harriet Harriet another some of them
spot right up here for someone else
somewhere off of these sides Wow oh yeah
they're all coming up yeah Harriet
Harriet now she cleaned out that guys
are CJ's opening for Lord on the end of
there on the end of her tour that's I
mean good for them it's gonna get a lot
of exposure with that Harriet can you
can you like whistle
lords real name is Ella the truth Lords
real name is Ella Maria
Elana Yelich O'Connor true is it true
that sounds made up
but I'd also believe I like Lord I like
her music it's chill
all right it's fate you oh now she's
coming all right ash wait
Harriet Harriet do they need more
exposure they had a song in the trailer
for Black Panther
yes I think they could be bigger I think
we run the jewels could be bigger
here
our Miller vet is an NPC right there as
a little helper NPC you I call it no no
you doing video start reading names
won't you pull up names and start
reading names we got it we got us more
tips oh okay you know I'm not a super
rush you know not a super watch
Pete was taken says hey guys do you
think it's cool how in blood-borne
instead of being a hero you're basically
just a glorified pest exterminator what
what I do like is that yes you're not
like the what the only one to save the
day I do like that there are other
hunters around and it feels like a
complete world you know there's Ellen
the crow and you know there are other
things happening in this world and
you're not you're not the the destined
here the oh right one right who can make
the pale moon blood again yeah you're
just the best I mean the best you're
obviously the best you're Simone
seventeenth-century Bob a guy that's
been what you look like
No
wasted all my insight on you Ariat no
Henry it yeah Henry it maybe maybe she
was upset because we were calling her by
the wrong name
I was calling over the right name no I
was going her a area thanks Mega's
Alexandros but I don't need eggs
currently but thank you for reminding me
I often do need eggs
not tonight well you've ruined my
stealth miserable Andrea are you going
onto the big guy oh Jesus Christ oh and
now this guy just shoot him just wake
him up
pumping up those blood echoes that's
nice
that's nice yeah there's better places
to pump up blood echoes I'd rather just
kill this boss and be done with it sure
I can see that I'm gonna buy bagels get
your bagels get your ice cream
clean it up tell them to clean it up all
right now that I wasted help Val because
that Henriette up it's not Henrietta
Henrietta
it's just Henriette don't call her by
the wrong name or she'll get pissed
again and start throwing but start
throwing her fire cocktails everywhere
you all know what's going on hot Sun
Forrest Gump this movie sure is a movie
schmaltz supreme and that's not
necessarily a negative
just you know very schmaltzy
well yes fines finally I like it
I like it I like it all right
because scary
it sees interesting that's
that was a good fine but but yeah it's
it's weird
goddamn it
ah
[Music]
Oh
yes
[Music]
oh rich that was hot I got caught you
got caught you got caught in the in the
in the gams of of Amelia
yeah just keep get caught up with
everything names and everything I'm
gonna keep going until that God darn it
we can't we can't no do I subs oh yeah
exclamation points elves that's right
I did good do I do do do just close this
tree I hate it when you get your vision
blocked in these games that that is a
real concern yeah I got track good to
see anything because she was blocking my
entire view and I was trapped wherever
the fuck I was yeah I couldn't see it up
to get out yeah that is why for any of
the bigger monsters usually I do not
block to I want to say the first few
times I got to admit yeah I took care of
him pretty easily maybe I just got lucky
like a few times sure maybe your build
was a little different maybe stats were
a little bit maybe yeah
we're coming from a Dark Souls player
does the sauce beer have a bleed like
effect
I probably shouldn't use it it's more
effective against Beast
she's beast sure it does not cause them
to slowly be helped over time but I
believe there is a is there a blood to
help regeneration things with letting
more blood out they seem to be gaining
more vials that I'm losing that's that's
it that's positive that's good that's
good
Jack Turner go yes I've been hunting
several times never shot anything but
I've been out hunting shot at things
part of that country living my friend go
hunting they're saying that you saw
spear would do more damage against beast
type monsters some bat might be a smart
call I'm doing it do it
what's the time for us it's about
quarter to Allah
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
just read names I'm gonna well I was I
didn't know you can do it anyone talk
during the battle because you were you
know you're into it that was close that
was so close
okay so this is the point in the stream
in which I'm gonna say the names of all
the people who subscribed was during
this very stream like could jerk kajoor
q plain Ernie
clay dough one for 14 months in a row
bruiser Inc for 18 months in a row a
queen of the One Ring for 12 months in a
row who says I made it to one year even
though Amazon Prime makes you manually
resub every month love you guys and
looking forward to many more that's true
it's free for you money for us thank you
it's gonna be my bit now I'm gonna I
know I don't know my bit is going to be
that I'm a horrible shell you deal with
it
pardon me
beautiful a hoe says don't touch my
shoulder
axé alum core wag who says cock my fuck
a 69 Mario Mario 42 for 45 motherfucking
months in a row who says before you got
me addicted slave aspire I was playing
audiosurf 2 while you normally don't do
rhythm games and song games it does so
you can play a level two jacks doom it
up just to stop that would be neat I
will look into that you know a lot of
the problems with the rhythm games is
kind of a lot like what's happening
during the boss battles here is it it
takes a little concentration to hear the
rhythm and then we can't necessarily
have conversation
while we're listening for the music
Chris games 2004 19 months in row who
says blood-borne and shirtless dudes
glad to catch you guys live keep it
awesome turbo Dangerfield for 12 months
in row who says so we've been together
for a year I guess that means we are
getting pretty serious so do you like
want to move into something or if not I
can at least make room in my closet for
some of your stuff Thank You turbo to
interview
cinnamon for 20 months in a row who says
20 months and still no paycheck I'm
beginning to think this moderator thing
is a scam okay here's to 20 more
[Music]
[Applause]
turd smuggler
who says where's turd smuggling Zen
what's it like having two subscribers
that smuggle turns also keep up
or Dominus if feminine 25 fucking dream
Shogun
dev ji on Rexy cop20 who said loved the
dead rising screams rich Megan 40 cave
funky tunes who says go go power
wreckers sir Dannic
says nothing weeds about me 5:30 skeptic
who says mister which one of these days
I'd love to see you try the captain's
edition overhaul for FTL and turn off
fleet pursue the mod adds Space
Station's to loyalty quests changes so
many things all the fun none who might
think the the fleet Jason he was not
frustrating
[Applause]
Shawn 30 fucking months ago he says I
have been here 30 months now I still
think you are wrong about iron Hannah 3
but if we were all the same
that's true I have very strong feelings
about iron man
one of these days I might have like
quote me if Norway
evil evl calm
I see 99 for 19 months of morose is
almost to 20 months hi fellows
God eats bagels mr. Plunkett oh thanks
John yeah I mean sloppy they can't they
sloppy they can't all be golden I can't
see K nipples it's happy anniversary
frauds L buns Oh
Grande who says hey Jack and ranch first
chance to send a subscription message
blood-borne is my favorite game and I
will never be able to play blood-borne
is my favorite game I will never be able
to play I'm sorry Playstations for us
we'd really cheap someday the eventually
eventually PlayStation 4s will be chip
cheap or it'll it'll come to PC one one
of these days you might be able to
you'll find like a used copy of
blood-borne 420 yeah and a PlayStation 4
75 yeah that might be worth it or like a
PlayStation 4 and a bundle of 10 games
for like the only one that's worth it
though is oh you know van dorbz 10 for
14 months in a row roll-off may tech for
18 months in a row who says good evening
oh sorry good evening hunters have you
played the game attack of the earthlings
it's essentially a fresh take on exhale
with an injector on the doll I'm doing
the talk good evening hunters it's
essentially a fresh take on X come with
an alien species defending their planet
from a greedy human cooperation PS fear
the old blood so the avatar attack on
Earthlings an ex-con style game were you
the aliens
like it let all those blood blood echoes
we saved I'm just going it out one
section for this boss fight over and
over
let's you know that is embarrassing if
you can catch up well sighs you know it
builds them up if you can catch those
blood echoes that's nice VX 1 3 5 421
fucking months in a Rome Executive horse
wife Taggard mac-- stone 435 fucking
months in a row says just enjoy you two
so much have fun and get that pale
bloody Oh storm Templars as a man walks
into a bar and tells the bartender he
has no life the bartender scoffs at
least you're out of the house and not
watching previously recorded or rlm
videos the man cries but the bartender
isn't real
I love the dog you would marry the blood
borne down I would look look here listen
to her I'm so god I just thought of
something horrible why do you suppose
somewhere out there there's a
custom-made nota then a custom-made real
doll that looks just like she does some
fucking pervert has a sex doll every
night jack somebody was sticking it to
your doll god damn it and they paid like
they pay like thousands of dollars to
recreate her clothing perfectly to the
game so they could undress her and dirty
things to the lovely doll of the dress
on huh they leave the dress on those
perverts
all right leave the doll alone go alone
Lowell puffs max sex dolls you know you
know buff Max's thanks for the
recommendation last blood borne stream
my copy of partners is on the way enjoy
puff max enjoy partners something
special mokey be 85 for 45 motherfucking
months and rose as high Wreckers 3 more
months till four year anniversary Jesus
Christ that's coming up soon we got to
think of our next thing to say yeah we
gotta think of our next thing man Wally
Russ 10 load him for 15 months in roses
happy sub adversary' gents and a
pre-emptive thank you for helping me
through this next week or so these games
you love are so comfortable all my black
house these games you love and are
comfortable enough to talk during are
the best LOL track my yack val 5,000 won
for 12 months in a row telegin 443
motherfucking months in a row monk a
Potamus says three monk Epoque monk
eponymous you see says three years of
watching deserves three months
subscribing we appreciate him on the
bottom us thank you
fra Gert J frog evil crash 9 423 fucking
months in a row moose car do welcome to
the fold
Ivan Lee prestige Johnson some rebel 1
push level hate was taken child of
Furniture toed decimals for 29 fucking
months in a row observe Itron 9000 for
17 months in a row Taffer double-a duska
yes Dostoevsky
chum protect my balls evil lord david
for 17 months in roses hey guys david
here for 17 months in a row i hope
you've been well crocodile brain for 41
motherfucking months in row says my dear
friends hope all's well i haven't had
too much time to watch streams or play
games recently but have been getting
into monster hunter world have you tried
it out keep up the great work
why don't we why don't we do subs during
the stream how long have you been going
on right now i mean 20 minutes look we'd
be stopping what we're talking about
every minute well much like people in
the chat we're talking about earlier
everyone must lose this yeah track of
conversations if we were to like what if
rich and I were on a really good
back-and-forth which happens
occasionally one you know one every hour
we get a good rant going and then we we
stop thank him subscriber then try to
rebuild up that momentum so we save it
for the end here
monster hunter world I did try I got
maybe five eight hours in the Monster
Hunter world and just could not stand it
could not stand it I have no opinion on
it rich don't don't don't lump us
together I didn't know no no I know you
haven't oh I'm making sure they know
because it's gonna be prereq jack and
ridge behaved Monster Hunter right I
have no idea what the Monster Hunter is
like yeah I am neutral I am Monster
Hunter neutral sure I did I just wanted
I just wanted a disclaimer before you go
on because I know it's beloved I'm
keeping my I'm keeping my foot out of
that doggy Doo
yeah keep my
mr. everything's fair everything's fair
not my thing
drunken weasel n17 V strum Blas
strum strum but long street Steve fruits
blasts humus back pack quack attack
dancing snatch sage big Gilley six six
446 motherfucking months in a row a
black mark Marcus fart smell blazing
blur and my name is Tate for thirty
three fucking months in a row who says
three months until 36 motherfuck and
bottle pop and confetti months in a row
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it true we really do it's
true
we really do what are we gonna save I
forgot now you save in blood-borne does
it save it automatically me to come back
here where is the same
is there no saves just Auto I don't
recall what's in the box
that's just inventory the Charlie is it
it auto saves okay you know how to saves
sure
sorry I haven't playing some PC games
lately that don't treat you like a child
and your control of your own saves well
you're in control of them into more
never you go back to the thing save have
an auto saves for nice I'm being an
asshole for fun have a nice night those
guys are all assholes Oh Richard
