Episode 983
Games where you clean, because spring cleaning!!! (Part 1)
March 22, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNKhUfQEd9k
___________________________________________

but what what the fuck is this shit this
is you and your you and your spring
cleaning rich yesterday was the first
day of spring it was fucking 30 degrees
out yesterday but technically speaking
it was the first day of spring
practically speaking it was another
shitty winter day what you put on spring
cleaning and then you just leave me
alone with it
[Music]
[Music]
I'm we got I got so I got so caught up
without the humble Balu of getting the
stream okay so it was the first day of
spring and what are you doing spring you
do spring cleaning this is so stupid and
I so I have a couple cleaning games to
play so we can do some spring cleaning
it's a cool it's like that I might have
shocked it it's a great idea rich it's a
great idea
doodoo doodoo
[Music]
world data turn that off should be this
and visceral viscera cleaning detail
this is NEX I'm downloading that see
okay that's what you know it's fine
that's fine yeah I I always thought
visceral cleaning viscera cleaning
detail would have been really funny like
after a doomed stream I'm sure you know
then then the next say haha we're
planning playing this we're cleanup
detail yeah yeah that's fine okay so
this is a this is a stealth a top-down
stealth clean up after mob hits game to
do so it's just like hotline Miami oh
it's it's similar ish to hotline Miami
except for instead of killing all the
people you're this is cleaning up after
hotline Miami
I probably should have been paying
attention it's a phone ringing I think
you have to answer her phone
how about the thing you interact hello
this is the cleaner speaking it's me I'm
gonna help ya ya hopes away you get a
yes what if I say yeah what did they say
about you as truth I smoke to be had
oh I don't matter whoever gave you this
number may have also told you how I
operate
right seal them I know
sealed envelope the whole deal I was
informed a gray let's get down to the
nitty-gritty yeah yeah let's say there's
a campsite near a lake just outside the
city limits say I was wrong there's more
he had a body notice the screaming
changes find two bodies there plus a gun
and a piece of clothing hood that I need
you to remove also expect a lot of blood
you're equipped for that right sure that
door yeah you got all the info you need
but done I'll be in touch right
[Music]
all right let's rock and roll I can't
use the Godfather voice for for this guy
look at his penis
cleaning up the blood presumably having
the cops already taken this is like
blood samples hey party's there probably
already taking pictures and everything I
mean you're you're just too late I
suppose this is valuable
physical evidence for the trial okay so
he notices things are different
apparently oh I just run away from you
yes I can
okay is this police quest nope
this be the sequel to serial fixer I
don't know what that is
serial fixer I'm gonna bet this game
will last 30 minutes
what I do it bodies your your your car
that's not a good idea
oh my no
okay 30 minutes maybe that's pretty
that's a I think that's a fair guess by
the way Oh Oh God
shit you're not you're not hidden behind
the tree apparently Jack I just noticed
that by the way oh crap
so you start from scratch huh that's sex
yeah I could see thirty minutes but I
brought more I brought more you know we
have another cleaning game and just in
case all else fails I have a mystery bag
a mystery bag I have a mystery bag
couldn't find a third cleaning game I
could not find a third cleaning here I
have to cleaning games and then and then
the the grab bag
the the grab bag of fun and surprises
so we'll see you know we'll see what
happens see ah so rich
yeah did you catch the ningen indie
showcase at all what does the NIMBYs
showcase the Nintendo indie showcase
dang it why can you see me behind the
trees I'm behind the fucking trees
broken zero out of ten by the way I may
have I may have changed my opinion on
steam having a glut of titles
I was watching God Jim sterling put out
a video today okay Bob this game call I
forgot was called tales of blossom or
blossom tales okay sold twenty times
more on the switch than it has on steam
and a large part of the blame is being
put on it's hard to find quality indie
games on Steam because there's so many
shitty ones I wasn't I wasn't looking at
it from the point of view of a developer
I'm just looking at as a consumer has
that wrong and having more choice but
but from the point of view of a dev your
quality indie game that you made is
gonna get buried under just a glut of
crap that's true yeah I mean even even
from a consumer standpoint it becomes a
point where you're it's an uphill battle
just to find a decent game yeah like my
quality indie game yeah would be
competing with spring cleaner like if I
stay still will he see me you're
probably only when you're specifically
behind a log or a certain limited area
I'm not sure how that works so but yeah
that's true by the way like everyone's
competing for four four mindspace right
for eyespace mm-hmm same same tale
bigger scroll scroll he gave up the time
no he didn't see anything rich he didn't
see anything
if you played any of this
nope I may be the first level play the
first level all right you know it's just
something I will put on in the
background while we talk about the gold
fucking the glut of indie games and you
know it is great to have choice fuck
everyone likes choices right yeah yeah
so that's nice Thomas cops who have ever
lived well it's still pretty early so
failure
this seems less mob hit and more Jason
Vorhees aftermath maybe it's supposed to
be I don't think I will have to find out
I learned my lesson last time Sam this
side I don't know if there's a problem
became if that's the one you showed me
what was it called again
tales of blossom tales of blossom you
know just aka zeldo a link to the last
pass a link to the past in parentheses
no really a link to the past but it's a
girl oh sorry a link to the past with
texture mod and you know I'm really
happy for them that they found an
audience on the switch kind of defeats
the purpose of the cleanup when the
police are already there I agree no are
you kidding I'm uh I am getting rid of
valuable material evidence that's
already been photographed yeah oh they
have folk served and they have
photographs but it with a they can't get
DNA fingerprints probably already walked
off a lot of test tubes shit running
running running fight I can't even put
on an APB on your your station wagon and
maybe it was before they have APB yeah
it's fine
[Music]
yeah so but whoever said that this is
gonna last 30 minutes that was pretty
generous
[Music]
I also learn Indies speaking of Nintendo
Indies young of indie games on the
Nintendo switch rich yeah they just did
a little mini directs showcasing some
Indies and one I mean not of note for
you but one that you may be happy to
hear about seeing as up how people are
buying on the switch is they are
bringing a mark of the ninja remastered
okay
how is it that was a different
remastered what does that mean
remastered what does that mean I have no
idea I have no idea what it means
see I I wish yeah just to simplify the
gaming experience
I don't want 32 different consoles too
bad it's like a fight I don't need to
have it on the switch if I could just
keep as much shit as possible on my PC
yeah that's what I'm happy what I don't
know if I need it
no that's and that's fair you you might
not need it for you know obviously many
switch owners okay
many switch owners want it rich
consistently forgets that the switch is
portable no I just don't give a shit
that it's portable yeah rich doesn't
care about portability he doesn't do
much outside but when I'm outside of the
home I'm probably there to do something
specific like work or shop yeah and I
won't be playing video games I don't I
don't understand the portability I don't
get it right and as someone who is out
quite a bit and has to you know like be
out wait somewhere for 30 minutes and
then you know go back home portability
is fucking key rich some people have
long commute a train each day I'm not
one of them
this isn't relative to me
hmm I can only talk about my own
experience that's true that's true rich
but you know hopefully for clay they get
a they get a little money bonus I get a
little little cash people wanting to
play a want to play switch games or play
their game on the switch right that'd be
nice
waiting for Rich's rants about tampons
since he doesn't need them alright here
you go cuz it's gonna be identical to my
rant on the switch I don't see any use
for it
rich run too rich to odd tampons
why don't you want tampons rich I don't
have any need for tampons why don't you
keep trying to sell me your tampons
there you go I understand other people
who share tampons I suppose um it well I
think VD what the issue here rich is
it's it's literally just a language
problem which when you say I don't see a
use for tampons right yeah like clearly
you know what tampons are used for but
you personally don't have a use for
tampons and so like people might be
getting config they're getting that's
their fault yes their problem it's
absolutely their problem it that's
absolutely their problem register a rant
on the games terrible music no because
I'd be playing it on mute while
listening to something interesting
can you hide while you're being pursued
probably from what we've learned about
the game so far I wouldn't have guessed
that that's true
[Music]
probably
I do have a Vita I have a video that I
have not touched since I got us since
Isaac came to the switch I have not
touched my Vita oh wait no you know what
that's not true I think when salt and
sanctuary came to the Vita I put I've
tried it a little bit on the Vita mmm it
was alright okay it was alright so you
can't put bodies and hiding spots I'm
just I'm just assuming you can't okay
no when if you have a body apparently
you cannot put an ice box yeah
wonderfully bring salt and sanctuary
over to swish hey rich Mike wanted to
spend the night in the woods to catch a
Bigfoot would you go with him for one
Mike would be in the woods looking for
ghosts not big feet big feet aren't
Mike's then secondly we'd probably be
filming it for some reason yeah and it
would be it would be like work-related
and CSI would go out in the woods and
we'd make some kind of ghost hunting
video yeah and it would be a music so
then you would go so I would go yes no
that makes sense that actually makes a
ton of sense
Jack have you ever used the remote play
feature of your Vita to play same
bloodborne somewhere else
I tried it when it first came out yes
actually for our that was a bit I cut
out of our blood-borne review I did talk
about that a little bit and for
something like blood-borne there the lag
was um I'd imagine the lag was someone
else was noticeable like it wasn't
terrible but it was noted like for
blood-borne it would never work but I
could see if you like if there was a
turn-based game yeah or a game where you
know don't they just find the bodies at
the base of the building idea listen
this is the this is the game this is
what I have to do in the game I can't I
can't recode the game you know
really watch you guys live but now I
wish I wasn't so I could fast-forward to
a point where you're playing another
game I see guys really care about the
games we play that much I mean come on
we know what's up we know what's up
you're here for the bandar is there
anything remotely close to ghosts that
you believe in not really no I like I
like hearing other nuts talk about this
kind of stuff yeah yeah I guess it could
be funny yeah ghost stories can be fun
mm-hmm that doesn't mean I believe them
though sure yeah that's fair oh it's a
newspaper that's a printing press yeah
as an old newspaper building it's game
plates and the game takes place in 1972
newspapers are still relevant dead yet
they're not super dead they're there
they're like you know what do you call
it they're almost dead you know
depressing I would say the depressing a
grandpa got moved to the hospice yeah so
we all know it's coming we all know it's
good just go visit go visit grandpa go
visit grandpa every once in a while he's
pretty close
okay okay okay it's like it's like that
tailspin where you'd almost want to read
a newspaper just because you feel pity
for them but the act of reading a
newspaper and itself is depressing
because they're dying so you just hasten
the doom of the newspaper because you
don't want to even touch the newspaper
because it's so depressing thinking
about all those people who are going to
lose their jobs to read some articles
here and there you know yeah and then
all news will be just some asshole with
a blog and news will be useless oh
that's the real thing that is real that
is the future useless news you know this
is my news is like top ten list or or
compiled list of other people's tweets
and you know it's the craziest part is
like there is some like breaking
legitimate news coming out of you know
BuzzFeed it's crazy there's still some
legitimate papers out there there's
still some legitimate investigative
reporting for now for now yeah when
everything's a blog that's out the
window you know it no it won't be there
will still be investigative reporting
just no one will hear about it because
it's some vlog you've never heard of
okay and then and then will come up with
some sort of news aggregation network
that brings them all together it'll
it'll be fine
certain objects can be moved I mean you
remember water a day
well you'd we don't we were around but I
mean we know of Watergate you know I
mean God was the press super relevant
back then or what newspapers brought
down a president how they're working on
it working out a second time it just
takes a little longer now everything
does
you know and this time you know it won't
be newspapers it'll be some guy who
works for a facebook data aggregation
conglomerate and it'll just it same
thing different different a different
time same shit different time and that's
fine okay Jack you didn't know that
Trump is gonna get reelected right
I dunno that's gonna ask I continue to
have hope in my heart I I want you to be
prepared I'm gonna continue to have hope
in my heart I know you're not gonna take
it well I know what it's gonna happen
I'm hope I can always be hopeful the
midterms have been pretty good too
they're the special elections have been
pretty good to Democrats especially
progress it yeah by the time the
presidential elections rolled around
will be time for the reverse reverse
outrage we can do this we can do this
America we got the popular vote last
time we can get the electoral college on
our side this time it'll be fine
Hillary's gonna run again and she's
still gonna smell like onions to the
voters and then trump's gonna get in
again it'll be a rematch and it'll play
out exactly the same fine
hope hope bridge hope be the change you
want to see it's gonna be great
how about you vote rich then talk smack
how about you go fuck yourself rich is
just being fun it's okay guys it's okay
Richard being funny
riches riches he's talking funny
everything's fun everything's fun of
games no it'll be fine
I I believe I believe in us as a people
you know less so than I did before I
still there's uh what okay I hate this
game as a surprise to no one
as a surprise to no one I hate this game
where are we rich where we're at the
corner of hope and change where are you
reality that was a nice one you're going
mad it's been playing the shitty game
what it was was the me wind says here's
some money for you plebs to spend on
cleaning supplies also have either of
you played the game Steve Jackson's
sorcery it's a great old-school
adventure game and four chapters have
not I've never I've never even heard of
it nope sorry if that's an important
game to you
but no I've not heard of I've never even
heard of that Steve Jackson's was it
called Steve Jackson's sorcery Steve
Jackson surgery no need when this goes
on to say another tip since I asked
about sorcery since I figured after
saying you fellows playing Space Quest
that it it'd be the type of game you'd
enjoy well I mean possibly have a code
for chapters 1 & 2 if you'd fancy trying
it out okay what do you think rich but
well what do we know about Steve
Harvey's I just know two tips Steve have
mentioned him Steve Steve Harvey's
adventure Steve Jackson I prefer Steve
Harvey's adventures
you know oh yeah you're hosting the feud
you're hosting the feud
just you know slightly racist little
little overtly religious nothing like a
huge fan Harvey yeah no no that's why
I'm that's why I'm I'm hassling him a
little bit here
he makes goofy faces that's his job
that's that's his uh and presumably a
scripted Family Feud oh god yeah
name ten body parts and then someone
says but nigga oh I can't believe said
but yeah holy jesus yeah there you go
guys by the way I'm leaving previously
recorded to become a writer on family
for you they just saw me improv that bit
and they were super impressed oh my god
we didn't even think about that that was
the the Purdue production and team a
family few fun
which is worse Steve Harvey or Louie
Anderson well Louie Anderson in one for
family feud
well just personally I don't know what
about what do we know about Louie
Anderson that weird gay sex scandal
thing where he came on to someone
underage or something weird uh well then
Mary Anderson no I didn't even know
about that yeah I don't know they were
underage which is somebody proposition
that was unwilling and creeped out by
which would have been sure I don't know
they don't remember the details you know
it was a whole thing though it's
possible he might be a creepy creep oh
yeah yeah he was trying to pressure some
man into sex oh that's not cool Louie
that's not cool
get it together Louie Anderson now this
is this is where I'm misremembering and
it turns out it was someone else and I'm
completely slandering Louie Anderson
what if you that that's entirely
possible we're gonna get sued rich we
might we might this whole section might
be muted on YouTube yay I'm gonna do
something I never thought I would do no
I am going to Google Louie Anderson sex
scandal I have to know don't want to see
the Haitians weep I need we need to
fact-check
what if pictures exist
first result Louie Anderson's sexist
extortion case closed
positive clothes I don't know
click on it I'm clicking you can put on
a list man not my laptop so you take
them you're being put on a list damn it
lock me out man I what do we know about
Louie Anderson why I'm trying to scroll
the screen the screwing laptop life with
Louie got a tad easier Monday when the
man who tried to extort thousands from
funny guy Louie Anderson was shipped off
to federal prison appearing in US
District Court in Los Angeles Richard
John Gordon 31 of Mesa Arizona was
sentenced Monday to 21 months at a
federal penitentiary for trying to
extort hundreds of thousands of dollars
from the Family Feud host in exchange
for not telling tabloids that Anderson
asked him for sex
so all right so that's a little bit less
sleazy than I was thinking
oh yeah I want a bone and the guys like
I'm gonna so know if some guy was being
a dickhead and went to jail for it okay
so Louie wasn't being a dickhead at all
so now we gotta meet the whole section
you got that well no cuz you know what
rich you made a mistake you did some
fact-checking and now you admitted the
mistake that's great that's how it works
that's how life works we need we need
that part so we can keep this part in I
just just keep in mind what Louie
Anderson looks like yeah yeah okay you
know what Louie Anderson looks like
right yeah I'm picturing him I don't
like that I'm picturing him but I'm
picturing him Gordon claim Anderson
approached him at a Southern California
concede Oh in 1993 okay Anderson
reportedly asked Orton to go home with
him and strip down and let Anderson
touch him okay
it is really Anderson come on Matt
everybody needs a little everybody lead
needs a little junk touching rich even
Louie Anderson you're a healthy young
gay guy you can do better than Louie
Anderson you know maybe maybe he maybe
the guy he propositioned wasn't that
young and healthy we don't know what
Louie's into man baby
everyone needs a junk touched just a
little bit Louie was just looking for
love
[Laughter]
whole story could be a lie though I
remember seeing some kind of interview
with Lois Anderson and where he
basically said yeah it was the thing
that happened he say this tray of his
drunk
I think is what he tried to claim sure
sure
so as Louise Lewis saying that he ain't
gay or that it didn't proposition that
guy no I think he was saying he
propositioned it but he was just going
public about the blackmail because it
was costing him a lot of money yeah he
was being blackmailed for a while this
is going on like he was giving this guy
money oh and then he just wanted even
more money guys after already extorting
a bunch of money out of Louie Anderson
gotcha and Louie Anderson fuck it I'm
going to the cops
yeah good on you Louie Anderson okay so
some guy was being a dickhead Louie you
know yeah nothing wrong Louie did
nothing wrong in this situation well the
only thing he did wrong was not report
the guy earlier right
but you know well he had a cartoon show
yeah you don't want that gay sex scandal
coming out when you're starring at a
cartoon show on Saturday mornings that's
true these were the 90s my life with
Louis was the thing these were the 90s
Ellen wasn't even out yet or maybe just
coming out the we do it was a different
time different time man
it's not illegal that's why I'm
apologizing to Louie Anderson yeah rich
made a mistake in now and he looked it
up and now he's saying like oh is this
how world works man he's doing a rich is
doing a good job
we need to applaud we need to applaud
what is happening here is the problem
with just being accused of something
your brain just remembers was like the
guy involved that sex scandal thing and
you don't remember the details or the
resolution your name just gets sullied
now until someone Google's it then it's
all unsullied again the importance of
quality investigative reporters that's
why I wanted a fast one
someone had to write this story down I
just remember there was someone that
some kind of Louie Anderson sex scandal
I don't remember that he does I don't
know gotta be Louie that's on you rich
yes somebody about the Duke lacrosse
team and they'll say one thing those
rapists and know there's a whole thing
they were falsely accused sure yeah but
all people remember is the accusation
yeah but it works the other way too all
right doesn't what's the other way that
dude who was raping the girl and then
got off because the the judge didn't
want to like ruin his future even though
he was caught like forcibly like getting
on someone who was passed out people
remember him though as the jerk who got
off because the judge was wrong yeah
yeah so what's what's worse look he he
may have deserved it I'm just saying you
get associated with a sex scandal it's
never good I'm saying what's worse being
a being a oh that doesn't shit that
doesn't cover their gosh dang it
I just like this game very much I just
like this game very much I don't like
playing it south on Star Trek he says
quickly changing the subject I think
we're there
what start changing the subject oh I was
like Star Trek we're in we're in Star
Trek ok ready ready for ready for how
about some video game news Wow I was
some video game news on our video game
livestream okay epic the the makers of
the the very real Unreal Engine and for
tonight and all that fun stuff trying to
make maybe a MOBA or it was they tried
to make a game and it failed called
paradigm yeah here over here that game
no paradigm paradigm I forget I forget
the actual name of it anyway it was a
big failure yeah they tried to push this
it was like a MOBA or way was one of
those fucking games right and they said
ah fuck man our game is a huge failure
no one's playing our game we gotta shut
it shut it down but we made all this
shit for like character designs and
level designs and outfits and animations
and we put a shit ton of work into all
the all the assets into the game and
because you know they also maybe Unreal
Engine they said well how about this
anyone who uses the Unreal Engine you
can just use all these assets okay
that's really nice I think that's a
great I mean obviously it's not full of
purely altruistic because they have you
know like oh use our and make money from
the Unreal Engine yeah sure but I just
thought that was really I thought that
was a classy and good marketing tactic a
classy move in a good marketing tactic
okay okay so
Cole has a body already baby how do they
end up beating in software in the hole
video game engine deal how did they end
up yeah
it's pure pure pure numbers it's really
easy to port unreal games to different
platforms it's easy to cut they they
figured out the coding language side of
it where ya get fucked hey you've
trapped now copper get fucked it is
apparently crazy easy to bring unreal
games to different consoles different
different operating systems and and
according to game makers it's also
fucking up don't do it don't come over
here you're gonna come what nice you are
what is called lucky that was incredibly
lucky but I will take it you know so
they they they figured out the game the
game is get it on make it easy make it
easy for your designers and make it easy
to port to different devices
motherfucker I'm trapped up here some of
my traps as rich I am floored that Mike
didn't have you in a white sheet ghost
costume for the demon house review did
he even pitched that idea
No
ever not seen demon how so I don't get
the relevance so I'm kind of lost but
this is not a thing gonna happen nope oh
there's you know demon house you're a
ghost I don't know I don't know man I
didn't see demon house either gentleman
bearers says last week somebody in chat
suggested the band king gizzard and the
lizard wizard yes I had to check them
out just based on that name alone
they're sound a new favorite band
hey great psychedelic rock band there
you go there you go
King gizzard and lizard wizard did it
whoever shared that a piece of info you
did it congratulations anonymous says
have you signed a nondisclosure
agreement with trump then he may have
stupidly broken it to find out if you
should sue to be released and sell your
story for money
and sold a lawyer any lawyer okay okay
meet winces sorcery did mean winds did
you make Steve Jackson sorcery by the
way if you did that's fine we've
actually played fan-made games before
like but don't try to be like I've heard
of this really great game it never works
out sorcery is a fantasy story based on
one of those choose your own adventure
books released in the 1980s the game
reminded me a lot of the Sierra Quest
series house and steam code - you plebs
definite they definitely they definitely
made it me twin says here are some money
to make up for me ranting on about
sorcery to you guys yep you ever forgive
me oh holy hack Franz definitely
definitely that person made it which is
fine no I got like I said that's totally
fine but you definitely made the game
next time just be like hey I made a game
do you guys want to play the game I made
because you know I made a game by Kaba
and cephalo pathetic says here's a
reward for fact-checking live on stream
you did it yeah you did it rich I'm so
you know what I'm sad I let out
misinformation in the first place you
know that's not cool that's not cool
rich but more important than that you
did your due diligence
hey hey remember that thing I heard I
heard about that thing but then instead
of just leaving it there you went the
extra mile and so hey by the way to wrap
that up in a nice little bow yeah I
think Steve Harvey's worse yeah oh yeah
that's it see this or hers nice job do
it again rich I do what I can
doo-doo-doo-doo
next time do due diligence before
speaking out sometimes you can you just
you talk man we all talk we're all
talkers
we're all just here to talk all the talk
of things
[Music]
but you once is Jack Jack I'm wondering
something for a while I'm Jack sometimes
you seem to go out of your way to avoid
person a good times it's fuck city yeah
this is intentional love the stream lol
fully mission capable
it's just however I'm feeling I I have
no problem with cussing I in fact enjoy
cussing quite a bit but let's let's say
you didn't want to swear I'm you know
the man whose children yeah and they
know all the cousins now but for a while
we were trying to you know we were
trying to keep the cusses from him
doesn't the cop in the car see you know
I I moved the car using the cop think
it's weird there's cars moving out as
yeah and he should if anything he should
just see me like through the windows you
know but hey what are you gonna do what
are you gonna do me in gonna win at the
game that's what we're gonna do so you
know sometimes I just think it's funnier
to say gosh darn you know yeah and
sometimes I feel like like cussing
what are you gonna do about it
nothing is the answer you're gonna do
goddamn nothing a bottle oh I see I see
what I got
since gone any
shit fuck he heard me through the wall
heard me through the wall sometimes the
bleep thing is funny huh
yes you know what's up
let's see here easy-peasy japanesey says
you're lucky Mike doesn't edit these
bridge at the whole video
destroy him on YouTube with you making
false accusations Mead wins says I wish
I made sorcery but I have no talent
whatsoever in making games I'm just one
of those passionate type of flubs I also
like the word pleb I do we notice can I
send the code through Steam or something
I I'm gonna I'm gonna be alright we'd be
perfectly honest unless it absolutely
looks amazing for some reason okay we're
probably not going to play it oftentimes
we don't there's just so many things to
play that you know yes things to play if
you would like to send us the code you
can do so in a prereq at red letter
media dot-com it's one of them's our
emails
one of them's our emails you send us
that than their email those electronic
mails yep but the kids are talking about
all the kids and Thor are talking about
them why are you why is it that you're
playing this game apparently because
it's spring its spring and spring
cleaning and I'm a cleaner you get it
you get it you get it
[Music]
Richard you seen the compilation of
people missing 100% shots and XCOM to
our first things first
yeah a lot of people play X come I'll
put the probably the stream Dexcom yeah
you have numbers that high you're gonna
have the few times that happens on
camera I don't know how can you miss a
hundred percent shot the way the game
calculates hit percentages it's it
rounds up but basically the chance to
hit was probably like ninety nine point
six yeah sure yeah because playing
rounds off they don't have a decimal
point but really there was up like a
point zero for chance to miss sure oh
that would that must have been in fury I
imagine it is ever I've heard of it it's
never happened to me okay
so it's never happened to you
it out of truncated 99 then I actually
agree yeah that's it that's a that's a
poor design choice right there
yeah yeah what are you gonna do what do
you do play a different game well yeah
we'll get this get there I'm going to
play don't worry I'm going to play a
different over here
that's what I wanna do
need to ask quick question
and the wolf of wallstreet review how
many of those burgers did you actually
eat there's a big spit bucket right next
to me I think I actually ate one of them
amazing it but you do is you go oh yeah
oh that's a that's a Hollywood term
right there spitting fuck it
rich now in Hollywood there's a lot of
there's a lot of meaning behind words
like you know like they have they have
certain technical words that that means
something right like if you put
something on sticks they want it on a
tripod okay okay
if you Hollywood a shot it's actually
someone holding a light not on a light
stand they have a different name for
light stands so what is a spit bucket
and you spit bucket what is this that's
what I'm asking you like I don't know
because you know a lot of people like
they come to us because we know a lot
about filmmaking they they want to know
what a spit bucket is that's called a
food spittoon okay okay all right I'm
with you now the correct answer I was
looking for what I was hoping to come
back with is oh it's a bucket you spit
in that's what I said yep for like oh
the big the big turn that's making a lot
of assumptions Jack Jack
here's your flaw there's the flaw in
your reasoning I only made clever puns
oh it was a pun that was what that was
that was a you turn the u-turn joke Oh
lots of lots of newfangled definition
for four simple words so what's the spit
bucket
yeah so it's a bucket you spit in and
and the one I ate didn't have all of the
butter on it the one either the one I
actually swallowed parts of
but ER
[Music]
Oh tetris geek has joke in the chat
Tetris geek a fireman a lawyer and a
priests are on a plane that's about the
crash firemen says we have to save the
children
Clarence's fuck the children the priest
says do we have time ah I like that joke
let's find you find you uh you know what
nothing wrong with that joke nothing
wrong with that joke there
I get it
I get it valium bloodshot says hey guys
hey Richard did you see the trailer for
the new Karate Kid YouTube red series
Cobra Kai nope
it's 34 years later Larusso has become a
prick and Johnny is restarting the Cobra
Kai dojo I seen it I know people don't
like it because Danny seems like kind of
a prick
that's a fine take on it like this it's
been 30 years maybe the bully the kid
who was a bully when he was a kid but
he's grown up and he's mature okay so
that's what it's about it's about the
the bully kid yeah all right well
supposedly about both of them but I mean
the relationships not exactly the same
as it was 30 years ago where he just
picks on Danny for like decades oh right
is it the original actors yeah have fun
starring Bob Loblaw
they got Bob Loblaw it's a character
Scott Baio did on the rest of the
bellmen his name is Bob Loblaw Bob
Loblaw and he was a lawyer call Bob
Loblaw the character that it's got Bob
[Laughter]
did I know that did I know that those
were two different people
[Music]
rich I'm not sure I understood that the
Karate Kid and Charles in Charge were
two different people hide really I
honestly don't know if in my brain I
knew that I'm trying to think now I
might have messed up some things in my
life rich specifically some Ralph
Macchio Scott Baio things oh wait so who
was Bob Loblaw was that Ralph Macchio I
have no idea who Bob Loblaw is oh I'm
sorry that was for the chat chat was
that Scott Baio or was that Ralph
Macchio I don't think Ralph Macchio went
on to do much else that's possible Scott
Baio tried to have a career for a while
I think Ralph Macchio was mostly just
the Karate Kid kid
okay so then it was probably Scott Baio
a few other things wasn't he like the
one with Patrick Swayze the outsiders Oh
was it was it Oh
or is that or is that Scott Baio haha
uh-huh rich Tina - you keep oh yeah my
cousin Vinnie is a few things there you
go land academy-award-winning my cousin
Vinnie
but Ralph Macchio on that sex scandal
yours nothing about pony boys oh yeah I
didn't look into it at all and I'm
completely misremembering of that oh
that probably wasn't good
something about pony boy that could be
the name of a book probably is the name
of a book those like Amazon
self-published books something about
Pony boys
so as the chant said who Rob blah blah
oh the chat knows what I'm talking about
they watched Arrested Development what
are our thoughts on deep space 9 as
opposed to next-gen they're they're
really different beasts somewhat similar
feel but for a while so you get to the
later seasons of deep space 9 yeah this
is more of a rich question you know Star
Trek
I like next-gen but I gave up on I gave
up on DSN because it was so different I
probably I probably watched maybe wish
there's episodes every now and then that
feel TNG ish sure I probably made it I
probably made it half a season in deep
space 9 maybe a full season but that was
coming right off of next-gen it's it's
it's different but it's not bad you
should probably you should probably give
it a second chance
as an adult I might enjoy it yeah
another oh yes right
I don't know if I can agree with all you
people saying deep space 9 was a better
show I can't agree with that next-gen
it's really good that next-gen
[Music]
I don't have a ton of experience with
deep space but next-gen is pretty darn
good
no I'm saying yeah
I think deep space 9 has the problem a
lot of epic stories have were the seven
years of hype you just you can't make a
conclusion that lives up to seven years
of hype you can't do it gotcha I'm with
you but there's a lot of goodness in
there
they worked like the conclusion decides
to completes lock with Dukat and Chi win
but isn't that the stuff that was most
important they got right in in any case
its Deep Space nine is not a good
starting point for Trek hahaha we cannot
we can all agree on that
diddly read something in chat I was
looking over delivery something in chad
has something I can speak to the the
gist of the comment which you know I
couldn't read fully because our chat is
now on a very tiny screen mm-hmm oh yeah
was was was I was wondering about
overwatch knowing that I'm a because I'm
a big fan of overwatch they're like
what's what's the deal with overwatch
and all of the people who like ask you
know which character is you know which
why are all the overwatch characters why
are my people making vlogs about like
these two characters are in a
relationship and these two characters
are in a relationship and it's a big
deal in the overwatch community talking
about basically talk about which
character fucks yeah like that's what
it's all about
and my only answer to that is that is
every single community this has been
happening since Kirk and Spock that's
literally the start of it it's a it's a
it's a thing called shipping and it's
when you make up relationships for
characters in the show huh it's the
people fans man you can't control them
you can't control them so why even try
and it's it's not just the overwatch
community it's every fucking community
and there's no stopping it I just try to
ignore it because yeah it gets a little
it gets a little excessive it gets a
little excessive the these shippers of
overwatch but hey you know if that's how
they're having fun in the game yeah you
got you you do you you do you however
however you have fun with your given oh
is that how I hide the bodies I throw
them in the Piranha tank
oh that's cute that's cute shit shit
except for when I get caught can I reach
the hideout in time
you lost him anyway so yeah you know I
know and like there's there's always
there's always new when new character
just got introduced an overwatch and so
of course there's new people but going
like well who they fucking because
that's what they care about
okay people enjoying it I've enjoyed
[Music]
that's right there was there was
shipping within half in the bag
and they turned it into a storyline the
mr. blanket Jade a pocket deathtrap says
here's five dollars for introducing me
to slay the spy over and in turn
breaking my addiction to freemium
hearthstone it's so nice not having to
pay to get cards oh yeah oh yeah by the
way I get it hearthstone you want that
money that cash
Blizzard wants that cash this this looks
exactly as fun as pretty hard yes fun is
party hard and if everyone remembers
party hard it wasn't that fun it's just
not it's just not very good at all I do
not recommend it and I'm very sorry to
anyone who worked on the game or what
not adds it might be fun find a striker
for some people but I'm not digging it
how long you gonna keep on with this
shit now what's our ups mm I don't know
it's AIT's a mother trucker I know I
know someone up timers please hey what
about that other guy bring you over
there well don't you hear that don't you
hear that cop ya know when we started
late what aren't 12 minutes oh well then
I can give the VM I'm time doing up I'm
gonna I'm just gonna see if I can defeat
this level and then I'm totally out
do you want to play overwatch check not
necessarily tonight I do want to play
overwatch and actually I haven't been
playing overwatch there's an rich
there's a new hero why don't you stream
over lunch uh because that's like a
maggot it's like a meat game yeah but
that's like a gamey and dishonored I get
it mmm no in fact I actually I play with
people you know from chat all the time
who are now my friends on blizz net or
whatever it's called but there's a new
hero in overwatch briquette day or
however you pronounce her name uh-huh
Bridget it's Bridget let's just call it
Bridget was in the chat about her life
one day I think she overpowered she
she's a new hero and she's a head
because it was the way I ran and she's a
heavy healer class and she looks
dominating yeah and so you know already
heavies are hard to kill but now she's a
heavy that can create extra shields I
haven't had I have not had a chance to
play with her yet but I really want to
because I love playing as heavies and I
love playing as support characters as
healers so I am looking forward to
playing as her but I haven't played as
her yet okay
why not because of you what rich it's
your fault why is this my fault
a little bit ago I brought in my ps4 and
I played a little blood-borne cuz I had
a little yeah it she I was like you know
I'll play a little blood-borne on stream
and get it out of my system and I did oh
you know we had a great time
played some blob or brought it right
back and then you brought it back
another week and got that like I was
pretty satisfied with Maya
blood-borne it right and then you got
that little bit further whereas like oh
yeah I remember that part oh yeah I
remember that part and then I had to
start my blood-borne character all over
again with a strength build so I've been
playing nothing but blood
at home I'm sorry then again I'm not
sorry like the other night I had a
completely free night I had a couple
hours and I was like I can just do
whatever I want Lisa was out it's just
like alright let's play some video games
blood-borne like that was classic
overwatch time but no it was blood-borne
time here's here's what I will say
though I had significantly more cheesing
I also defeated the blood start beast in
which I'm pretty happy but I cheese
really hard that's what was your cheese
I got him pinned behind one of the
little statue okay okay and so I was
able to just kind of parry and then do
the lunging attacks so I found the
little pungent blood cocktails did they
work wonders you're just getting them
off your ass for them so you can heal up
yeah yeah yeah that was my strat I am
now those a little stuck on Amelia I'm
vicar Amelia I don't know what it is
first two or three times I had to fight
Amelia I didn't have that many problems
but hmm that's that's gone sure I don't
know maybe you fought her earlier maybe
you fought it later I don't know
I'm having some difficulties with her
right now I got I've gotten close a
couple times and I've only faced her
four times and I've come close a couple
times but and the chat might be
interested in this I had an accident
yeah I told you about it earlier okay I
accidentally killed Eileen the crow
[Music]
I was going through her storyline and
she told me about you hunter and as
monster as the chap might know for this
run-through I'm playing I have two
conditions for my run through this time
I must be shirtless and and I can only
use my hammer in my head in my head my
character who wields the mighty hammer
has to be shirtless but he he looks like
a eighteen hundred's dentist yes he's a
strong man boxers fight I named him
burly I I had the exact same buddies not
I know because they can't be they can't
be burly so so I I was helping Ilene
with with her bear hunts and apparently
I accidentally hit her with my hammer as
I was dealing the finishing blow to our
foe her hunter foe and I accidentally
killed Eileen I feel you should that's
that's restart man let's restart the
game I wanted to I really like I
immediately hit the the start button and
exited the game hoping that it didn't
save yet yeah yeah you got fucked and
then I was thinking about restarting but
I have a really decent build and I've
been doing all right
I've been doing all right here and there
so I've kept moving forward okay okay
you've accepted your mistake and you
moved on that's commendable Jen that is
commendable what are you gonna do
right off then we are going here
shanghaied 1897 says hey guys now that
people know what you guys look like has
there been any talk of doing a panel at
Wizard World I local cons etc also you
know what I'm not reading the last bit
just because I completely disagree where
you read the the end part of that tip
there has been any talk of a panel of
where's world other local cons Exedra
also the last Jedi rules okay no no
panel target I just agree with that all
right
