Episode 988
Murder Everyone! (part 1)
April 16, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2y0r7P1IiY
___________________________________________

how's everyone doing how's everyone
doing something I got denied their
detective Pikachu yet again no no no say
why I I have it with me I have the
Pikachu with me and I have my I have my
Diddy Kong with me I got everything okay
so I was running a little late and the
problem was you know what the problem
was rich women be shopping women be
shopping is the problem my wife went out
to buy some like furniture type stuff
and she was coming back so then I could
you know come to the stream and she was
running a little late apparently the
store was a little late and so but then
we all the the furniture needs to leave
the van and get into the house before I
leave you know cuz she can't carry it by
herself okay no problem but you know
let's be quick about it because I'm
running late
and I'm carrying a bit of a very heavy
box into the door and I don't know maybe
she tripped maybe maybe it wasn't her
fault maybe she just felt like spy tting
me it's very possible at least have
pushed a little too hard on the box
crushing both of my fingers in between a
very heavy box and the like the door the
corner of the doorframe like where the
door meets the the wedge yeah so I have
bleeding knuckles I have bruised
knuckles I can move them so I don't
think they're broken but like it hurts
to pick up stuff I think I know you you
just had to go unlock the door yeah and
you howled in pain I had to go unlock
the door for you
what does this mean for your bloodborne
run I know I know you can't you can't do
anything you can't do anything like your
phone not working who's mine whose job
okay now it is about is it's fine
yeah I see it now it's working can you
hear me now can you hear you I'm good
now okay there we go thank you sorry I
must have been I must have been fiddling
with my thing I don't know I don't know
when your mind gets broken jack go off
again
sorry no it says all good working now I
just won't touch my mic again okay I
know I know I streamed this part last
time here's the difference I'm gonna
murder everybody today yay murder I'm
just gonna murder everybody is my plan
to make this different yes do the murder
do the murder everyone run that's way
more fun little protective it's
different yeah
it's less satisfiable well it depends on
what you're going when you get up when
you get a ghost that goes the Ghost Box
checkmark yeah sure I don't know
sometimes I'm in a mood where I just
feel like murdering that's fun I
I will compliment Dishonored I can't
think of any game that has done
first-person melee better you know
then dishonor you at once first-person
melee yeah melee life oh yeah they're um
they're like counter system is very
satisfied yeah yeah yeah high chaos
great great so in any case my fingers
are a little bruised and bloody and I
think I think we need to get a new mouse
pad you know I don't
no I every time I use this this setup
yeah my name feels weird I mean it could
just be the the last time I stream was
bump into view it's not the most was
last time I stream loose yeah I had a
different table going on sure I didn't
use the table to fold shirts just had
that set up sure gaming on that was fine
do you think do you think it would work
better if we had one of those like if we
had like a medical table that we could
you know put in front of us one of those
like I don't know with the retractable
arms that would be like I don't know
maybe it might be worth trying and you
could game on that or we could buy a new
mouse pad this is very bad we're at the
breaking point
cowards they're going to blockade us
they'll wait to see if the plague turns
the city into a graveyard
jumpin Emily I can't your nice makes
nice Jack I do have I have my why am i
cold Lacroix hear that I've been holding
in my fingers and that feels really nice
wait are you can are you trying to
assassinate your own Empress oh you
can't oh you can oh you can't kill yeah
oh it would be so great if the game went
on as normal
only this time you're not falsely
accused oh is that that would be so
great the story is you're falsely
accused of killing yes can you save her
no okay which one is detective Pikachu
rich just shot detective Pikachu that
was the problem what I mean this game
allows so much I wouldn't be shocked if
they did that I was kind of sad they
didn't yeah
hitting spawn the other guy didn't spawn
oh no just waiting for him not really
sure if this matters but the game volume
is much lower than the stream volume
yeah usually we turn the game volume
down so you know we can talk oh that's
your wife
not really isn't that the Biddy from the
dishonor to the girl was the Biddy from
dishonor - that's why I said isn't that
your daughter yes but you're not married
to the Empress it's not even explicitly
stated that she's your daughter on the
first one it's not her tits so it's all
vague so you can interpret the story how
you want to so it's it's deliberately
ambiguous nice
what did you do with young lady Emily
traitor their own bodyguard ironic I'll
see you beheaded for this cargo what
does he know about medical science the
people use swords they don't know about
things they use swords and mystical
magic he he could have ran and gotten
some leeches to put on the bleeding
Ridge there's some whale oil out of it
so they did with everything in this
series right have some cocaine just just
for some whale oil on it yeah yeah I
have some I have some opium that might
help you I hear opium does wonders brave
voices I just really tried to understand
the appeal of this game you got to try
harder dog this Dishonored
I only have Dishonored 2 to go off of
yeah but it's fucking awesome you like
good a good in depth deep stealth game
stealth sim game that's not like a
puzzle game was just like here's the
world and sneak through it or you want
an action game you kick everyone's ass
with magic powers because it's both of
those things right it's my sprint who's
my favorite rap group wu-tang clan
followed closely by foosh nickens
but everybody knows that Wu Tang Clan
ain't nothing to fuck with so is Jack
intoxicated no no jack is not
intoxicated jack is Jack is coming down
from a murder such a good action game I
know and it's such a good stealth game I
know I know
no Jack Jack was that I was having a bit
of a rough rough time and so I'm coming
down from from from feeling angry little
panic stricken everything's fine now
oh I didn't get him get the key oh
because it was it was murder because it
was a surrounded by blood and entrails
do they still read out tips or is that a
prereq relic yeah yeah there we read
tips I like to try to you know read a
little chat read a little tips credit
make it make it so you know we do a
little bit of everything
we got tips we got jets everything's
here everything's fine everything's
everything's fine in here what's the
lore of dishonored why are they using
swords and stuff rich and fancy role
yeah swords and guns and magic boom guns
and stuff were relatively new to this
world presumably sure sucking oh you
brought it back you scold them you did
it steal all the shit deal it all oh I
like that cinnamon says steampunk
Victorian yeah that's very that's a nice
way to put it and cinnamon I have not
played the first dishonored I really
enjoyed this honour too though
sorry to dishonor one's good eye I'm
looking at it it's looking good nope you
can no you can duck under a sword swing
oh is that what you did poorly well
that's what it looked like it looked
like you did it poorly maybe because I
did it poorly yep well there you go
well there you go let's see what we got
here Billy guest CID - said I'm
Australian
so I never catch a live stream but today
I'm home sick from work so live prereq
keep doing what you're doing boys i
deeply love you both eggs
o x o rich what the question for you
yeah xoxo yeah hugs and kisses yeah
which ones hugs good ones pieces I feel
like this is a hotly debated topic I
don't mean to get controversial no
politics please but in my heart of heart
I think the O is the hug and the X is
the kiss but it's probably the other way
around the X like crossed arms and the
oh it feels feel the feels is that the X
is the kiss the X is the kiss and the O
is the hug cuz it's like a you like
you're surrounded right you know it's
fine doesn't really it doesn't you know
it's completely irrelevant it's
completely fucking unimportant why you
asking about this shit I just thought
that might lead to a funny conversation
brats Oh rats
I love the rats in this game
x equals cross oh wait cross hug oh he
goes open mouth kiss kind of oh yeah
let's see a CT T 1 4 8 says hey you guys
Jack
I was wondering have you heard a
cannibal Oh X's iron galaxy
I have not I'm sorry it was produced by
LP of run the jewels and it's friggin
fantastic definitely for fans of ASAP
Aesop Rock that is feel better go
shirtless blood-borne I will I'll look
into that
I I do like lp's production quality half
of a hip hop duo that I like and rich we
are using this archaic setup what's
wrong with WASD and the keys surrounding
it that was it I guess I'm doing it
wrong you guys because this is far more
convenient than a giant fucking keyboard
on my lap mmm that is just a number pad
and a mouse with buttons you did it rich
I don't have I don't have to have this
thing was sliding around
yeah yeah you did it Oh
Oh except for now you're broke now I'm
glitched I'm stuck in here wait what the
fuck what happened
can you crouch I'm glitch can you like
crouch and jump out maybe like it's so
weird
no oh you can't I can't even I can't
even turn all the way around oh my god
do you really Bork to yourself Wow
alright that's a fun glitch I had never
seen that before
there you go
rich fixed it wait it's mine oh did you
Bork yourself because you did the
keyboard gag oh wait what is it you know
is it numb luck oh yeah my num lock num
lock I didn't explain why I couldn't
turn around yeah
can you turn around now yeah no it was
nothing like it's not like no num lock
cut classic num lock
yeah you're welcome helper Oni you're
welcome
num lock strikes again that's right
that's right
whoa it's a blood lock num lock that's
the worst kind of num lock the blood
lock no block block
wrongly accused of murder
I tried to make it rightly why didn't
they let that be a thing some wines you
know I guess the UH narrative Lee they
just couldn't they couldn't cross
without it affecting more story line
down that's all about giving you freedom
but I think I think they just missed the
boat there they thought there is no one
who would ever actually want to kill the
Empress
someday there'll be 1080p streams is
that necessary do you need us in 1080p
we could try it I don't know if it's
necessary you know we only stream in 720
yeah that's fine because I think it
makes it an easier stream for people
Oh tricks or tricks or like haha you're
dead yep gotcha check it out
one ATP is enough I basically only need
the audio I think that's what that's the
majority of our viewers are people who
like only listen to us what do they do
it down if if sorry if corporal kills
him we change dubs dialogue so he he
talks about taking the money anyway even
though he didn't do the deed or you give
him the money right well you know
although Kildare but it's like you do
that's some it's solved someone's gonna
have to answer for this heinous
aggression against player agency and
dishonored and I'm pretty sure that
would be an instant game over sure I
need some Jack he takes me to places I
go okay I guess you see the we probably
didn't see a highlight from the solo I
did in this I I thought I had him asleep
darts out I have my regular doubt starts
out I killed someone like wait that
wasn't a sleep darts uh-huh that's great
little moment I'm really happy
accidental murder yeah like being all
stealthy oh I'm gonna knock him out no
you would all says at least record in
1080 so the YouTube videos can be 1080
we actually don't record any of our
videos it would all we
twitch has kind of a built-in editor
that we can take our videos cut them up
and send them directly to YouTube we do
not record our videos they are only up
on twitch and YouTube what accent was
rich doing a poop again P I that was
actually a cross between the Macho Man
Randy Savage and Jackie Gleason from
Smokey and the Bandit a little bit
smokey sure a little bit Macho Man I
could see that I could see that poop
again Oh
ever gonna love poop again for everybody
everybody who is confused is this the
second time I met Jack ever he wanted me
to start a thing he was filming me yeah
a series of short was called pooping in
the pie and I was the BBC sheriff who
didn't like detective Cooper Gannon you
you were you were the hardened the
hard-nosed sheriff who who wanted to you
know do things by the book and poop
again the the detective always was
getting in your way and you know like I
had seen rich act in in things and then
Mike and Jays yeah yeah and I had
assumed and this speaks well to Rich's
character I had assumed that rich you
know cuz we were still relatively we
hadn't right I didn't know you for Adam
I think I had literally only met you on
the set of food on Thursday pub yeah the
only time it that's probably so we
hadn't had much interaction and so I
assumed you lived up here no no you
lived in the general Milwaukee area so
as I hate rich I'm making a thing I want
you to act in my thing and you know just
thinking it would be nice and easy and
loose little did I know you had to come
up from Chicago to act and poop again
yeah and the being poop again let me
thank you thank you that's commitment to
your craft I can't remember around like
like between shots or when were when we
were shooting that I was talking to Mike
about the deflated review for Phantom
Menace Oh
sleep darts not this time
did I pay him did I pay you to be in
poop again no I don't think you did did
you
I don't know if I paid anyone gets for
poop again PA your life will get even
more which is why like and I didn't find
out so like months later I did not find
out like it's it's not like I found out
day of shooting but no I like I just
assumed he was local and it was it was
one of those hey everybody I'm making a
dumb thing who wants to be in a dumb
thing and so I just assumed you know
I'll rich is an actor he's been in dumb
things done thing it's fine I got to
come visit Michael che yeah Jaco so many
people mining no it's never on the table
my good friend Tammy Higgins it's poop
again
yes rich gets a sense of pride and
accomplishment and and you know that was
what he call it exposure
I gave rich so much exposure
that's right and poop again that's right
beefcake if you want to be really
freaked out and have never seen me
before best of the worst you can see me
and poop again with a long hair and a
giant beard I have I mean I'm still is
still going up front but I hear that
you're the villain I was the evil mayor
spoiler alert I don't need to assign the
heart to a hotkeys I have no heart
as far as why I'm murdering everybody
because I'm just kind of goofing around
with Jack while we're talking and it
just seems like a better play through to
murder everybody rather than I'll pay
attention well don't get caught right
this will make it easier for ya hop in
and out of conversations oh that's right
low score Oh in Episode one or episode
two of the best of the worst which is my
first episode you can see the the the
midway evolution Jack with the ring hair
that's that was the second tier
okay let's see what we got here valiant
blood shot says Jack tomorrow I shave my
head for the first time to become
commander blood shot for awesome comm
this weekend
any advice for shaving for the first
time I'll go slowly go very slowly and
not come back it'd be prepared for it
not to grow back and no actually shaving
your head is significantly easier than
shaving your face there's there's a lot
less nooks and crannies for razors to
get caught in so no it's easy good luck
have fun have fun cosplaying at
WonderCon
steaming mountain says is someone who's
about to start their final haircut after
being in balding denial how much is too
much crying in the barber shop I think
they understand barbers understand
that's true one time one time cutting
your hair will be the last time is there
anything wrong with having a rug if
you're open about it being a rug no I'm
gonna say no oh God I'd consider it a
rug
I consider it huh cuz I don't think I
can pull up ball especially now when
you're rocking the ball right that's too
weird sure that's too weird the the the
the weird thing for our purpose for like
those of us around you is like you know
you're kind of thinning and then all of
a sudden yeah you have you know glorious
head right right so like yeah it'll be
very obvious I wouldn't be trying to
hide anything now tonight right had he's
protected by his overseers you know I I
think for me it's one of those you just
gotta let nature take its course but
it's not that's not a decision I would
make but hey if that's how you feel
comfortable rich you you do you nature
take its course like a ring around the
head the ring around the head yeah like
what why don't why don't you do that if
it's so fun this is a style oh oh god no
this is a this is a hairstyle that I'm
rocking once you once you start adding
you know once you start adding false
stuff to it that's when it gets that's
when I don't necessarily agree with
those choices but hey you're free to
make them
this is a hairstyle shaving your head is
a style just because I'm also bald you
know how you look I can't stand my hair
I can't stand the way I look I said to
me I think the the problem would be it
would almost be even if you're not
trying to hide it it would almost be
distracting right to people watching
where where that would be the only
talking point not you know the content
of the video is looking Rich's at least
for the first video look at rich is to
pay and and so that would be a problem
as they would just be distracting I
dived out I'm going to do those are just
thought to be an interesting talking
point no no I almost choked about yes in
the throat
he says to bring a bottle I bring a
bottle innocents ass fuck it
yeah murder everyone this how you played
this 'hunter to like everyone everyone
na na boom we just sprinting around
full-on murder spree not my first run
through my first run through I I was
just murdering bad guys okay but I would
murder all the bad guys like anyone who
was against me was a bad guy not murder
them I did play a run through after that
way or it was murder everyone I could
get my hands on yes
anyone who I am able to murder I'm going
to
here anonymous says xoxo made me think
of make made me think of this master of
none seen aziz XOXO means go fuck
yourself
please john benjamin if that's true then
all the letters I used that sentence
makes sense and I was not sure that
sentence makes sense I'm sorry dr. Luba
DUP says thought experiment what if the
DeLorean had traveled one second into
the future related thought experiment
what if the DeLorean traveled one second
well one second the future would be fine
but if it traveled one second into the
past they would crash into itself right
yeah but if it traveled one second into
the future then it would be far enough
of far enough ahead of itself oh wait 88
miles per hour
what is that in feet per second that's
just got beheaded what that is no what's
88 miles per hour in feet per second you
might be safe you're probably gonna be
safely to 88 miles probably 1 1088 zero
well what I'm saying is what if what if
it's a lot it would look like you just
blinked and moved a bit not if you're
going into the pass and look what you've
done up on yourself
it's a hundred and twenty nine feet per
second so no you would still crash into
yourself huh so if you were going 88
miles per hour and travel to one second
into the future you would still crash
into yourself because that's not that's
not far enough the you and the future is
still moving at 88 miles per hour yeah
but it's you just need to be a full car
length ahead you just need a full car
length ahead right but you travel to the
same spot right like the car the car
here is here and then there's a there's
like a wall that it travels through and
now it's in the few and now like you
know the front is in the past the back
is in the path unless the whole car
travels at once or does the nose travel
first and then the middle and then the
end you know what I'm saying I don't
know I don't know man it uh the the
question with the the DeLorean thought
experiment is whether or not the entire
vehicle moves simultaneously or if it's
like it it passes a line because if it
passes a line it crashes into itself but
if the entire car moves then you could
travel into the future fine but if you
travel them to the past you'd still
crashing news
these are important physical details
that the film never dressed right what
I'm just seeing what people say about
this oh wait actually probably should do
some missions just so I can get some
rooms oh yeah that's gonna speed through
when I want some ruins and we need the
fun powers oh yeah yeah yeah you did it
I need to be able to summon a swarm of
rats at will
yes yes you do sir argon noble gases hey
there I just released a new mobile game
fat slice - it's free who fucks as your
free advertising well no your
advertising that you paid a tip for here
are some codes for the level pack well
thanks sir argon noble gas what's fat
slice but play your game and make fun of
it on stream how do you feel about that
plug my phone into an HDMI and we'll
play it live on streaming that was dumb
I need her alive so I can do the
missions Oh
also it's not free by the way nevermind
fat slice twos free nap flat fat slice
one is not a bad mobile game stream
would be fun I do kind of want to like
show you guys what what mobile player
unknowns battlefront looks like it's a
bit of a hot mess the iOS version of
player unknowns battle for battleground
or bet front yeah you know bit of a hot
mess but it's kind of funny a lot of
bots oh so you know that's why huh why
bots this is not popular if it might not
should be popular enough they might want
to be easier to kill one name oh god
they're so easy to kill that's why
they're there they might want to boost
player confidence a little bit playing
with the fucking awkward fucking mobile
controls oh it's tough it's why would
you bother why would you bother it's
free and I wanted to check it out
you can you can hit yourself in the head
with a rock for free you want to do it
one of this is free just wanted to check
it out I just want to see what hitting
my heads in my head and where the rock
would feel like you know now I checked
it out
be careful core though but you're on
your way to face the hot
I told you the knives go on I'm getting
there Dylan sell them hi German brothers
okay what voice part do you sing what do
you mean are you talking about
let's cut up
I'm wondering if mobile puppies actually
a thing or if jack is going mad it is
mobile pub G and mobile fortnight are
both a real thing
I've played both of them just like I
said you're not deaf
I said more out of curiosity than
anything else and it's tough but you
know is you know and you're on your
iPhone you shoot some people it's
interesting they are actually a thing my
granny has a birthday present for you
how does fortnight make money how does
fortnight make money loot boxes
they got loot boxes they have in in-game
purchases it is a free game even you
know on on consoles on PC it's a free
game but they got they got boxes they
got a they have in in game purchases you
can buy like you know elite packages and
not knob all sorts all sorts of stuff
that's how all free games make money
yeah kinda all right Dylan 94s is rich
yeah would you rather watch an hour of
PewDiePie videos or an hour of Logan
Paul videos the fuck is Logan Paul so
you would rather oh my god he spit fire
at him
I owe you brother don't ask about the
man lick my love it says tipping point
there can be in a horror movie a comic
relief my question is how many jokes can
he make before the genre shifts and
becomes a comedy well at some point you
have poorer comedy which is the thing
that is the thing horror comedy is a
thing but what's the tipping point it's
there's an overall yeah it's it's kind
of vague overall tone would you say
horror comedy is flat-out comedy though
well no it's that's it you know that's
one of the mix Janvrin okay that's one
of them that's one of them specials
hybrid did you call Rocky Horror Picture
Show a horror comedy or just a comedy
there's a gradient rise a gradient scale
we're dealing with Rocky Horror is same
or a comedy as compared to you know army
of Darkness which is going for you know
stylized with comedic elements
dr. Gallo Viennese office using my
psychic powers to open a safe my psychic
powers do you mean you've played this
before they don't change the
combinations some of them they do
wait is space cop a horror comedy or
just a horrible comedy I get it that's a
good joke I only said it cuz it's a good
joke sorry what about an n64 stream
we'll get there
we have Diddy we have an n64 so you say
so you say it's all it's all it's all
possible just not necessarily today cuz
I got some broken fingers you can't I
don't want a Diddy with fucked up
fingers you know I saw Mikey
another key you need different keys so
many keys what Jack did to his fingers
they got smashed I was moving some heavy
stuff right before I came and they got
smashed and they're bloody and bruised
and did they hurt
blow track sir I think if I was sparring
with Len Kappa sinski I would have
significantly more broken things yeah
even if he was going easy on me on in a
sparring situation
great I love the stealth kills they're
very satisfied very satisfied Jack tried
to escape to another best of the worst
episode I did I and and J broke my
fingers that's what happened you're not
in these get back to your streams no
okay sorry playing detective Pikachu
right we could be rich in a different
world in a different timeline in an
alternate universe
we're playing detective Pikachu right
now so what what the fuck is Pikachu is
a Pikachu or a detective Pikachu is it
my ease a mouse type Pokemon with
electric flowers he's a pocket monster
he's a monster that can fit in your
pocket and he's a mouse type Pokemon cuz
he's cute like a mouse but he's got
electric powers you know you can tell
cuz he's got lightning with all red
tails he stores up his electricity's and
those red things in his cheeks and then
he says Pikachu and the lightning bolt
comes out but detective Pikachu actually
has like a gruff voice because they
always have some crimes or some shit
like detective Pikachu it isn't the cute
and lovable Pikachu from the Pokemon
cartoon it's a different picture
spitting fire yeah showing these guys
will be hard do it got a kill kill kill
kill murder murder murder
it's a Danny DeVito Pikachu yes that's
what it looks to be lip that works nice
nicely done
if you could take it off his dead body
but that's not as fun no it's not it's
not as fun you gotta you gonna pick his
pocket and then murder just to rub it in
yes yeah I agree
at what point does the moral
justification for Pokemon battles get
really dark immediately yeah I don't
know why you think there's a delay it's
it's they don't Pokemon don't need to be
sentient like they don't need to speak
English like we dog fights aren't
morally okay like what
wasn't in football player like that
dickhead Michael Vick Mike like Michael
Vick did this with dogs yeah and he went
to jail yeah like people found out he
went to jail yes yeah there wasn't a
number of dogs before it became not okay
right and if he just went to jail it's
not like there's a lovable detective dog
out there speaking English immediately
they try to they try to acknowledge this
in the games by saying like Pokemon
enjoy battling and no no Pokemon any
ever actually dies from battling
battling they just pass out you know
they have free Pokemon health care to
like cover up for it that's why all
Pokemon centers are free until I cover
up for the fact that they're brutally
destroying each other
you guys are naming fictional dogs that
talk we're talking about real-life dogs
and people going to jail in real life
right that's that's the difference I
know McGruff the Crime Dog and
scooby-doo talk but we're talking about
actual dogs
he was quick Anya but to be fair I see
some people bringing this up here's
here's the other side of that coin rich
yeah so you know like it I think it is
absolutely immoral to battle Pokemon if
they were real life creatures but we are
also talking about creatures that can
can control the elements and kill you
rather easily so I do think you know
they're they should be hunted we're in
danger okay some of these Pokemon are
really dangerous what you do
apparently that that just triggers when
it's near him it doesn't need motion I
assumed it needed motion the mine oh it
was a mine yeah gotcha
yeah PAH
it's it's very possible that you know in
a real world Pokemon situation Pokemon
would wipe out all of them real a real
world Pokemon situation it's very
possible that they would wipe out all
human life on earth because of their
powers and and so the people of the
Pokemon world fight them in battle in
order just to you know keep their
numbers down I like that best seems to
make sense
no ok it just he just motion is not
required he just assumed he would need
to move before the mind went off no
that's right in I think it was in
Pokemon black and white the main villain
the person you're fighting in pokemon
black and white wants to stop all
Pokemon battles because we're being
brutal to Pokemon and you as the hero
need to defeat this guy so everyone can
keep battling with Pokemon that's that's
great that's great just throwing shit
where are
shawne's
Simona says the problem I have is that
the DeLorean only moved in time not in
space
every time they moved in time the
DeLorean kept going in a straight line
isn't that a time-travel thing in
general which is if you're traveling to
to the earth and a different time it
would be in a different spatial location
maybe you're still affected by gravity
and the motion carries you with nothing
that doesn't make any sense either
because yeah I don't because the earth
would just be in a different place in
the solar yes yeah so really if I
thought about that before but whatever
how about fuckheads
how about their fun movies their
favorite friend boys no I'm paying a big
w dumbbells
you you're being a dumb man baguette
dummy dumb dumb oh okay yes we need
something that can traveled within time
and relative dimension in space that's
right that's exactly what we need we
need like something that can you like
like a like a TARDIS when do we when
does new doctor who start crimes I keep
looking out for it and I don't think
it's started yet when it's new doctor
later on
Oh slow down power yeah you are gonna go
Oh next step nice very nice yeah when
does a a Jigglypuff no democracy didn't
fail again I hurt my fingers severely
and so rich needed to play and he didn't
feel like playing detective Pikachu
it starts in October thank you new
doctor who starts in October that's what
I was looking for
what what
opinion on last season I didn't watch it
I I stopped watching a while ago a few
years ago after God when Matt Smith was
still the doctor I stopped watching
because I hated Clara and I hated the
direction the writing was going and I
thought it was really lame so I stopped
watching I do hear good things about Tom
Baker in general but I was gone and now
and now that they're getting a new
showrunner maybe it won't be such a shit
first thing these guys do always the
fire had a brutal the brutal
dr. smoke trees that's why I stopped
watching to Moffit I did not like Moffit
being showrunner but they got a new
showrunner now the same the same group
that was a show running broadchurch
which was a show I rather enjoy so I'm
looking forward to it I'm looking
forward to
so he goes not to the abbey or the
office of hi Orson nicely done
whoa broadchurch is fucking great
browning I'm Sam that's a that's a
classy detective show right there
class act good deal with it deal with it
you've been live for just over an hour
by this point in your broadcast you
should have consumed at least four
ounces of water to maintain optimum
hydration says stay hydrated bot okay
thank you stay hydrated bot I appreciate
that I have drank 12 ounces of water
since we've started hold on Jack hold on
Jack Jack I have to poison the elixir
still so that all of the bad guys in the
space die what I have to poison the
elixir still so I can kill all of the
ruffians in the warehouse is that a
thing that you really do yeah that's
great
Jack they're already dead oh the mission
was to poison the still to kill everyone
by the way you do that and then also
poison some of the people I sell it
through
world someone shooting it they set off a
booby trap was I forgot about it
apparently the state hydrated bot is a
real thing and I I'm gonna get another
water right now cuz I just finished my
one water
so thanks stay hydrated
oh I miss something kill them all
give all the rats fucking rats yeah
fucking rates Jack when will when will
we see a review of Waterworld I don't
know if anyone else cares about it as
much as I do
only me you just Wiley coyote death he
saw that's great that was great
you know that was great so noble kinsman
says hey remember that stream when Jack
played a cleaning game for three hours
and I nearly unsubbed that was the worst
thing ever
do you guys know I I have now played a
few more hours of viscera cleaning
service on my own yeah because I loved
it so hard and I'm gonna talk to rich
about playing it while I'm on vacation
next week so we can do a full episode
Ahmed it's kind of old
yeah it is and I kind of I don't know
what the point of doing an episode on us
I just want to talk about okay my what
my concept would be and I've been trying
I've been trying to formulate enough
talking points about it because it's
obviously not very new my insight would
have to play viscera cleaning it means
you would have to play viscera cleaning
service at least yeah
least one level of viscera cleaning
service yes here's here's my here's my
pitch for you yeah which is it
encompasses everything good about
intuitive gameplay design in one
non-intrusive intuitive gameplay design
all within one room and I think that's
really fascinating I know you're here
it's it's able to give you so much
player agency all right all right and
not force you into corners you get to
choose how you do things but there's a
certain order in which you have to do
them in order to be efficient
it lets you choose when you've completed
the level there's there there's a lot of
like player choice in this silly silly
game that I think it's it might be worth
talking about fascinating for just Jack
yes for just me okay disappoint me now I
can stroll along the waterfront and
peace my my comparison wj1 one two is
that it would be very it's it's very
similar I'd put it right up there with
stardew valley if you really want to do
it alright I'd like to hey this game
that's kind of a coping everybody
already knows about were five years
often just for thirty five years late to
the party you know he's three years late
to the party I don't you know like I
heard the name but I don't think many
people have actually like disgusted that
stream was super Zen I i I've read I've
really dug it I've played a couple
levels now and I just think it's neat
I think it's super neat all right now
everyone is dead
yay you did it sonic on Genesis was old
enough to be a classic
yeah that's revisiting a classic three
years old that's not a classic no that's
just late to the party well yes
but it's interesting it's interesting
shut up there is I think it speaks to
Jack's OCD I know I'm not I'm not super
about really OCD yeah I like I do like
things to do particular book but I did
spy the face of one so sorting Legos was
more interesting
I I liked it turned back on you jackass
I guess I won't look in that space where
someone could clearly be crawling in are
you just ducking behind me so just by a
thousand could all nice decapitation
that's the thing Pizza Pizza Padma says
I agree about the player agency it's
like a minima minimalist breath of the
wild it says here's a bucket and mop now
figure it out and yes I agree I agree
sometimes on downstream days I wonder
how Jack's cat is doing biscuit is fine
he knows that it's spring time and so he
would really like for the window to be
open so he can you know smell the
outside but it's been just a little too
cold for that and he gets very upset at
me while I'm at home and the window is
right there closed and so he's been
complaining a lot he's been meowing
quite a bit and really upset at me for
not opening the windows more that's how
biscuit is doing he is he's too pretty
to go outside he would not know what to
do with himself outside we have been
talking about getting a they have those
like pop up what they call catty O's
it's basically like a clear tent okay
for your cat it's like a little screen
enclosure for your cat to go outside to
hang out outside okay okay I think that
might cross a line for us with regular
cat people the crazy cat people I'm not
sure I'm comfortable across from that
line the cat tent is the line I you know
there's several lines that's one of the
lines
what's my favorite worst memory of
biscuit overall biscuits a very good cat
I've had cats before that were just like
that would constantly throw up this gets
pretty good he doesn't throw up very
often he gets crazy sometimes and he's a
very vocal cat and so sometimes randomly
at like 3:00 in the morning
okay so here's here's a fun quick
biscuit fact he likes to tell us when he
poops alyou after he uses his litter box
which was in the basement he will sit at
the bottom of the basement stairs and to
scream at us for a solid five minutes
and then he'll come up and everything
will be fine he just wants to let us
know that he pulled I get spotted but
you drop down no I didn't he saw me
before I dropped down oh did he
oh I don't know I'm sorry I wasn't
paying attention so so he likes to tell
us when he pooped was I was I not in
stealth and I didn't notice Oh were you
not crouching this that's silly
that's silly I don't know how I feel
about that that might might it's the
only thing that makes any kind of sense
or if like one of the areas had more
light in it I guess I know that's
something you complained about with
dishonor to is you don't have the
stealth meter so yeah you don't know
when you're invisible or not right
what fell out of me that could be but so
every once in a while he'll do that at
like 2:00 in the morning when everyone's
sleeping all of a sudden he'll just
scream because he pooped for a few
minutes and you know sometimes like
sometimes there's anything about this
sounds poor sometimes it's cute - god is
good just boom I think he's talking
about cat shit you know I think he just
wants you you're describing it as cute
I'm talking about my cat screaming after
he shit yes and you're saying that's
cute it can be cute you can be cute are
you staring and telling at something
what's over there man
what's got your attention
a knife just that I thought I saw a
specter of my own death over there but
apparently was on neither said what I
what I really think it is is I really
think that biscuit wants a clean litter
box and so after he uses his litter box
he goes someone cleans this now so
that's probably the thing that annoys me
most about biscuit Oh Matt he's alright
he's a good girl I've had significantly
worse cats
I think your only solution is that you
should start screaming after you go to
the bathroom no because that just
encourages the behavior can't people man
what are you a night rich Evans I have
not seen the terror I'm sorry you know
what I did watch though I watched oh oh
oh like it just looked like you fell off
the map I did watch the first episode of
berry which is the new the new dark
comedy by Bill Hader uh-huh he uh he
plays a metal gear hater
Bill Hader from SNL right around the
right around a lot of things that he
writes a lot David David Hayter no this
is Bill Hader I used to be on SNL writes
a lot of Rosa right around South Park so
it's like it's a half hour dark comedy
where he is a hitman who kind of
accidentally joins an acting class and
discovers that acting might be a passion
of his and so he has to balance being a
hitman and and an aspiring actor in Los
Angeles and so far it's pretty fun only
one episode Wow pretty fun Barry with
Bill Hader that's right
it's it's pretty good it's a Bill Hader
and oh god what is his name Steven root
the actor he plays the where's my
stapler guy in office space okay was on
radio oh god what was that show called
do you want to see me kill Campbell
without killing Campbell yes yes it's
Steven earth great alright okay so
there's a guy there's an optional side
mission this guy you got to assassinate
and then there's another guy it's an
optional side mission you have to save
the guy do we have to assassinate it's
trying to kill this other guy in the
city watch because he's not corruptable
okay he's too honest so first he tries
to poison his wine okay so I just I just
build both of the glasses right knowing
these facts I am going to kill Campbell
without killing Campbell okay so the
wine was poisoned
the wine was poison I just filled the
glasses and we just the he was trying to
kill the other guy okay let's watch you
keep time just forget to take him awhile
before they get to with anybody okay
so yes Steven root is in it bill hader
fun dark comedy has a premise and it's
Newsradio Steven rout was on Newsradio
Trump the game audio thank you
I owe you an apology
captain this is hardly the hospitality I
planned for you well time to do this the
hard way
so his poisoning plot didn't know yeah
so now he's going to plan B okay he's
leading he's leading him to somewhere
alone and I will be following them you
keep talking up there girl walk through
half this fucking building
wait have they separated they're right
there that's all right
I could have just switched the glasses
and poisoned the other guy like I'm
going out of my way to do this and it's
it's wonderful that they even programmed
this into the game that's great because
this game is fucking amazing they give
you they give you some options yes give
you some options gloriously so that's
great
subtitle so it's good I do speaking of
options it's okay if we have the samba
you know Turner Bowl kinsmen I've played
a little bit of pray I got it on sale
and I know everyone's been talking about
pray I played a little bit of it and I
kind of hated it I wanted to play a
couple hours to see if if it was
something we could stream and I kind of
hated it unless it gets significantly
better
it's a Campbell when Campbell is doing
here
he's luring him all the way into
Campbell actually has a little secret
lair say this is statue and the eye on
the statue looks funny oh my god
that's great so he's leading him into
his secret lair what did I hate I
thought it was I thought it was really
boring I have not touched parade this
this is where the opinions of Jack Jack
Jack Packard yes I thought it was really
boring and it seemed to be very on Rails
this happens okay so he's having them
admire his painting a very early
something primal the way the brush works
he pulls out a sword yep
slow time slow time okay there's no time
turn the music off that causes him to
turn around see that he's about to stab
him and now they're gonna Duke it out I
just killed Campbell without killing
Campbell that's amazing that's amazing
no I know just I just turn off the music
which causes him to turn around he sees
him with the sword and kills him himself
how fun that's why I love this game
that's and that is an absolute so like
another option oh by the way I've read
about this if you're going for the the
clean and achievements don't kill
anybody
yeah that doesn't count
yeah but like another option is you can
like switch their wineglass you can
switch their wine glasses he just drinks
the poison he's dead and he's dead or
you could just go down there and kill
him you just go down there and kill them
myself or you could like it he'll the it
doesn't help me at all I could just
poison both of them right mix the
poisons they just let you do that yeah
so there's there's like there's like
eight different ways that you can handle
the situation right however you're
feeling that's that's beautiful when I
found out you could do that oh yeah yes
we do
colossal nimble I do want to play a way
out with rich that that's the coop
puzzle solving game it's supposed to be
really fun yeah really good the only
problem was I didn't want to play it on
stream so soon after release because us
solving any of the puzzles would spoil
the puzzles for you guys so we'll wait
for a little bit in case you wanted to
play it first and then we'll we'll take
a we'll take a stab at it but yeah that
could be a fun stream maybe when I get
back I'm gone for a week by the way
everyone heads up I'm not gonna be here
on Sunday and I'm not gonna be here on
Wednesday I'm out of town so you got you
got rich solos or rich might feel like
taking a break too right I might we'll
see we'll see what's going on see what's
going up yep I'm going I'm going to
Texas my friends
I'm going to Texas
