Episode 989
Chaos in the Streets (pt 2)
April 17, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63_3bCRqgUQ
___________________________________________

dude's gone up yep I'm going I'm going
to Texas
my friends I'm going to Texas
ooh we're in Texas I think I'm going to
Houston but I might also be Austin I
don't remember actually even though I
bought my plane ticket so long ago I
should look that up one of the city's
nothing right now I'm going back wake up
or crimp I accidentally hit the power
button there you go
I do I go to great lengths for fresh
eggs they're all in Texas now we're just
going with some friends hanging out get
some vacation time in some actual warm
weather take a break from the cold for a
week it's supposed to be cold next week
can't leave without maroon get your room
so what was that probably got spotted
from the ground didn't really care I
don't really care
I'd say try it for another hour and if
you aren't sold then it's not for you
but it's pretty much the opposite of
being on Rails once you get into it
maybe maybe the the the first I want to
say I got at least maybe an hour and a
half into it and that seemed very on
Rails so it does not do a very good job
of selling itself just that blink just
that teleport it's so cool ah whoever
makes this game you're on you're on it
you're alright with me this just reminds
me of my dishonor to run through as good
dance
I'm talking about prey I played a little
bit of prey and I did not much care for
it and YouTube all dead
all right do I have oh oh that's why
we're talking about Prairie Pointe
apparently the same people that made
this honor maple I pray guys talking
about it very interesting
well then I'm then I might have to give
it another shot yes knowing that I
didn't know that that the same companies
made the games was the last thing you
remembered and pray is that I get I
don't usually do high chaos there were
some there some like glitch monster
things and I broke out of my room area
and I was walking around and and do it
was discovered that the room was
actually part of a bigger room there's
very portal s and and then there were
some like mimics there are some monsters
that mimicked other things that's the
last thing I remembered in prank you
throw body at them yeah good what was
that was that a dead body
is it raining dead bodies oh Jesus
Christ
I love it
dog kill the dog kill the dog sorry dog
oh you probably don't you didn't play
first one so you wouldn't know this at
all
no no I haven't played any of the first
one you know anything about the story
right I think I know you know all I know
is is what we learned from the second
one which is you know Corvo was there's
a horrible plague going on okay a
horrible death oh it's just a little
cough I'm fine I feel completely fine
fine
look at you you have the plague you are
trying to conceal it oh this is
different okay others in the order was
that your intent to spread the malady to
us no friend I tell you I am well your
weapons
in low caste he begs them to kill him
because he doesn't really spread the
plague oh it's not entirely different
interesting without spreading his
illness
oh that's really funny that's great what
just let the murder well oh I mean the
murder is great obviously but no like
just because you're playing it as a
villain other characters act more
villainously that's really mean
and I'm sure you could have jumped in
there and murdered him and maybe those
guys would have said thank you I wonder
it probably they'd probably still try to
kill you they are overseers you know
like hey thanks for killing him can you
dispose of the body in a way that won't
spread the plague you know who knows
that might start I'll open a whole new
story line you don't know what's up fire
many dogs oh there's another dog
another game by arcane called Dark
Messiah of Might and Magic if you like
so-called emergent gameplay like
Dishonored give it a shot as well yeah
these do these cats are alright I'll
tell you what I'll work that up hook
that up and put that in my notes put
that in my notes of stuff that I want to
look up was it called Dark Messiah Dark
Messiah magic okay I got it in my
googles now thanks okay I'm here yep
kreso vien seven says dishonored is one
of my favorite franchises wish the
Dishonored 2 pc port had a better
release kill all the man's and go fuck
yourself
we had daddy's computer I don't remember
the PC version of just done too big that
bad I I also have a decent computer and
I didn't have any problems with the PC
version I'm sorry that you did I enjoyed
it I'm Jordan I play through lick my
love bit says what do you think about
this people want new media when they
want to forget their pasts a glut of
sci-fi movies after the dark days of the
1940s and want old when they are afraid
of their futures
so like people were living in post
Depression era and they wanted to think
of a better future you know what I think
actually I think there are more
dystopian or at least speaking me
personally yeah I can handle like bleak
dystopian futures when things are pretty
running smoothly in real life I have a
hard time with dystopian futures if if
I'm feeling down about the current like
like I expect the world to burn I just
what I'm saying is I can't enjoy the
media like Oh expert there to be crying
oh but you're happy oh no like a like
Lisa keeps pushing me to read The
Handmaid's Tale or it's a watch to The
Handmaid's Tale show yeah and you know
that's like very bleak dystopian future
and I said you know I just know I'm not
emotionally ready for that at this
moment in time it's just gotta give me a
little bit we have to give me a little
hoard give me a little hope in the real
life and then maybe we can be you know
we can watch it
anyone notice how a lot of Japanese
works have a very positive outlook of
the post-apocalypse while western games
generally have a negative outlook well
to be fair
Japan kind of underwent an apocalypse
and they came out okay eventually you
know that's a really good point rich
they kind of they kind of went through a
big fan sounds like I'm being a snarky
jackass but hey it is I honestly think
that's the thing yeah yeah yeah they
went through a whole batch I say they
went through we bombed them to a whole
rough patch to be through this started
it was war knows war this is war
I'm not saying we're the bad guys I'm I
just don't wanna I don't want to
downplay our involvement it was war
absolutely
yeah
will there be more black spine best of
the worst I don't think I'll be involved
nobody would blame you oh you know I was
really hesitant on wheel for my first
couple of episodes you know but we hit
that we did hit that uh SOS I was like
alright yeah I get it I get it there
could be some goals in here at Martin
Luther joining us shortly but with all
the amount with all the randomization
that we're doing were it's just like you
know let's just do a couple men at once
how about that it was two cities the
trains didn't even stop okay
just-just-just tomorrow Cincinnati and
Houston blow up how do you feel do you
feel secure wherever you are
britches just two cities just two cities
I can't can you believe some people
this is worst black spine edition Jay
asked me recently he was trying to
schedule a best of the worst and you
said no black spine and well I that was
my first question was is this a black
spineless episode and he said no no it's
not a flex man so said okay he was when
I'm available
if he would have said there is a but it
is a black spine episode I would have
said you can count me out I need a break
yeah I want to I want to just watch some
movies like just some movies man
sometimes we don't sometimes we don't
need a gimmick sometimes we can just
watch some movies probably the bravest
man I've ever met
overseer Martin has arrived bless Mike
with his black spider yeah I by the way
I don't want to seem fair slack's fine
ideal was a horrible disaster in the
best we had to start watching partners
the only reason in that episode is
salvageable of Don beverage hell yeah
that's not a full episode that's not a
phone no no only because we we decided
to finally bust out of the vault
partners and partners will now forever
be diluted with the black spine it was
fine you know it was fine and well I
know it Mike should be applauded for
trying to you know keep things fresh
he's looking for new angles but I feel
like black spine was a little too far
yeah he went too far in a few places why
are these dishonored characters caveman
because they're not going for a
realistic look sorry it's not
photorealistic it's actually really neat
look they yeah water color world yeah
it's an interesting style
the whole thing and it's it's just
realistic enough to be kind of creepy
we're even like even the people who
you're supposed to like be okay with a
little weird like a slackjaw might have
some ideas on how can you get inside the
cat if you don't kill you are you dead
or dishonored cheering no dishonor to
you can either play as Corvo again or or
the the new Empress corvo's daughter
officially didn't make it official I
think either was even like isn't she
like a daughter to you or you know I got
your ward I don't remember it was awhile
since we've played it but but I like the
party level I think I've found too easy
a solution my first time through a
magnet that's it Oh
what are you gonna do are you gonna push
him into the water
may have been a mistake
she's definitely your daughter I think
she is definitely corvo's daughter but I
I can't remember whether or not they
make that official in-game or whether
it's just like everyone kind of knows
that but it's implied I assumed you've
got the same powers whether you were
Corvo or I assumed I guess I just
assumed they were the same
what's the DVD version of black spine I
don't think we could do a DVD version of
black spine it would have to be like
discs where the labels were missing and
that's very unlikely I'm marveling the
this first time I've played hi Kai yes
yeah okay the little differences okay
like what like the wanted poster here
it's not the scary mask it's just that
you're the norm the normal face without
the mask who why did for killing the
Empress oh now we're scary masks wanted
for killing Campbell and I've never seen
this in a load Kaos play I could have
just missed it
stalker I believe we are stalker in the
night of course yes and they're not
worried about Corvo killing the Empress
they're worried about the masked
vigilante killer no interesting yeah
that's nice nice little touches No
they were not gentlemen another night
yeah this game does uh does a lot well
knowing that this team made pray will
will make me give pray another chance
nothing good let's see H bear that says
hey physicist here you nerds meant me
about the DeLorean problem rich
basically had it right so long as you go
back in time more than one car length
about point eleven seconds and don't
slow down you know one this is rich yeah
you have said in the past that you don't
like first-person melee but how do you
love this I've said actually said
earlier if this gets it right also if
you want to try game that does it well I
would recommend Dead Island Dead Island
fun combat okay I think it tried a
little bit on this again house on began
can be tough another game that's got
that that wonderful I know I know what's
the game Dead Island and wonderful
cinematic trailer of the the the girl
gets turned into a zombie and thrown out
a window on the trailer plays in Reverse
that's the haunting music and then you
play the game you're just kind of like
drug-dealing jackass running around
killing zombies I just remember the
trailer the contrast of the trailer the
sweet sentimental and then like the
character in the game what you played
the game which is kind of like a douche
bag usually I make a douche bag yeah
that's great at like the rave when the
zombie apocalypse hit you were on so
many drugs the zombie didn't want to
bite you yeah yeah daddy by the way
that's that's a great zombie movie your
hero is just someone who's so drugged up
that the zombies can't bite them can't
yeah I'm making up this premise I okay
so you do a certain drug and and it
changes your body chemistry so zombies
can't don't notice you or find you
unappetizing
or you oh you're just so disgusting at
the shuffle that they just think you're
a zombie right right right
mistaken for a zombie while high right
and so our protagonist of this movie has
to be high constantly and make it
through like a zombie apocalypse get to
safety while high that's a that's a
decent stoner comedy let me call let me
call uh oh god what's his name right
Saul the stoner comedies he laughs like
that that Albert not hey hey hey he's in
pineapple express James Franco and Seth
Rogen pizza train wins set throat we'll
call James Franco and Seth Rogen and
they can we can make a stoner zombie
apocalypse movie
but what would it be called it would be
called it would be called deadhead
that's good that's good it would be
called deadhead my friends for those who
don't know a Deadhead is someone who's
about fan of a band Grateful Dead a lot
of people got high during their concerts
brain dead that could work to best title
is brain dead a maybe maybe brain-dead
rats
brain-dead has been done Oh was it was
brain dead the alternate title - Dead
Alive yeah there we go here in the
states we got dead alive I think other
other countries it was called brain dead
home country it was called brain dead
well maybe in the UK do hear it was dead
alive the goriest movie ever made
I got to rewatch that one of these days
I never remembered I remember really
liking I just remember the end with the
lawnmower
well yeah and it's the giant mother
zombie that sucks him back up into her
stomach
no that didn't work no you're the gutter
now rich I'm sorry recently finished the
Lord of the Rings trilogy a fantastic
film what's your favorite of the trilogy
they all they're one mediocre blur oh
I'm sorry no their grades their grammar
I think I like two two towers the best
we're gonna fight some things over here
no we're good fight some things over
there and I don't know it's all just a
blur of the same fucking thing for for
eight goddamn hours
oh alright to towers and they had that
awesome helms deep battle I make it
sound like I asked you to meet them I
just I don't I don't love them I think
thoroughly mediocre dark really yeah
the generica STUV generic fantasy and I
know there's a reason for that well I
was gonna say that's because a vintage
American doesn't matter there's still
generic utterly hopelessly generic
fantasy but like done so well it's like
the pinnacle of generic fantasy I didn't
mean to kill actually wanted to say I
just don't hate her
this hasn't jerks I was gonna save the
life oh you kicked me George you jerk
no I like the Lord I think I've problems
with I've problems with Return of the
King Return of the King especially the
the extended cut like the Peter Jackson
puts everything in the movie cut is
wonderful and amazing and they fall down
a mountain of skulls and it's it's weird
and beautiful but the ending of that
movie where it's just eight hours of
everyone being happy and hugging each
other what do you consider good fans out
great now we're gonna have a full stream
of people getting buffered because I
don't love lord of the fucking rings you
got to man
it's the I love it just as much as you
love it it's so amazing they go they go
nighty night playing the game now you
doing it all of that blur of the same
thing over and over again it's so
intoxicating I love it
what happened last night they accept
your apology and I knew you'd come
all the extended cuts I just I just
hijacked and as an outreach the good
guys or disagree it's just a city watch
but what part is the most amazing
MZ Lucas says in the first Pokemon they
said there was some kind of war which
got me thinking if Roosevelt Stalin
Churchill and Hitler all had to fight
World War two with Pokemon
what would their Pokemon be rich as the
leading Pokemon expert in this room I
give them the world leaders of the past
their own folk Amon
I mean Hitler would definitely get
coughing right but I said it
I know it's in poor taste but I thought
it was funny enough to say so here we
are
nope I can't unsay it that's fine
definitely America will be the Snorlax
well no that's a modern America back in
back in World War two World War two
America would have would have a think is
there one that has is there a pokemon
that has to visually distinct but
unequal sides unequal sides yeah like
one has less rights than the other like
it has like it has two very different
size and one side clearly isn't in
charge yes yeah
like the ones I just keep punching it's
like left side constantly yeah
nailing that social commentary rich
you're gonna buzz yeah
same yeah all right let's see what we
got here
leftover beefcake says since absolutely
everyone loves hold on for a second your
wife wants to chef more fingers into a
door
all quiet where did Morgan go down in
the basement the steam room toriel
they're twins
dad how you tell which is which that's
how I do it I hear the girls have
another way I don't
the Pendleton's are here you're supposed
to be on duty you're supposed to be on
guard
you'll get dismissed for sure I can't
believe this you said you weren't even
drunk wake up
hey everyone that was my mother when
your mom's house we got into doing a
little earlier she's checking up on a
few things
tech support wise anyway rich rich is
murdering that's great you seem to be
doing a great yeah murdering lots murder
yeah all right great that's great
leftover beefcake says since everyone
absolutely loves camera news what are
your thoughts on light row makers of the
awesome camera that allows you to
refocus your images after shooting being
snapped up by Google the the light pro
cameras are really fascinating so they
started making these still cameras that
take several pictures in rapid
succession
Oh
and outplay master just nicely Mike
boom boom bop bop bop okay my mics back
there we go sorry I keep futzing I keep
futzing with it but I see that it's
working now yes I'm gonna wait for
confirmation
fixed great
okay so Lytro makes this really neat
still camera where you can just take a
picture but then later both using an app
and just in your own post-production you
can change the focal point which is it's
frankly really my cousin so they had
actually experimented
those guys were talking fuck them ooop
and his arm too so they yeah post
focusing I heard of that
who could have used a little post focus
little Ango the I Ingo so they they
actually didn't mess around with making
a motion picture camera using these same
principles of being able to adjust both
focus and exposure imposed and basically
what it boiled down to is a frankly
ridiculous amount of frames per second
taking in so much information that you
would be able to change focus lighting
all sorts of different things in post
and it was really it was the talk of the
town for exactly one week before
everyone realized it was so
prohibitively expensive that no one
would ever use it it would it takes up
like like yeah a hundred gigs for every
10 minutes of footage that issued just
because there's so much information
being stored in the camera where's the
key
doing it imposed well and you know it's
one of those things where it's the that
kind of post fixing especially you know
for someone like someone like myself who
does a lot of freelance work that is
very run-and-gun very rushed very like
one-man operation having the ability to
fix a mistake in post would be huge like
oh shit my camera fell out of focus
midway through the shoot my client is
going to be pissed being able to fix
that later would be amazing
you boiled it yes I boiled him nice and
Emily and the innocent prostitute he is
with oh yeah well you know she didn't
say please I guess that's your rule so
yeah the Lytro got bought up by Google
which I'm gonna I'm gonna say Google is
not going to use their applications for
consumer products they're probably going
to find a way to use their cameras for
like snapchat filters or whatnot because
that's all people really care about
right snapchat filters they're gonna owe
a founder you know they're gonna they're
gonna find a way to incorporate it into
the next Android phone so people can
take like their auto their autofocus
works better they're gonna just take a
little part of that technology and
integrate it with something else
that's interesting enough technology
that might there might develop it's it's
expensive now Hollywood might find a use
for it they want to adjust something
after the fact well let's see I like
that's to me that's the conundrum is
Hollywood has enough people working on
the cameras where they would never need
it it would only be useful to you know
run-and-gun operations
I do doot-doot doot-doot doot-doot
what work do you do Jack I'm a video
producer
I make commercial videos people will pay
me money and I make videos like sure I'm
gonna kill him it's not gonna be fun for
me it's not gonna be exciting but let
you know something something kind of I
can't jump over those it poked you I'm
jumping over them
alright I can't jump over them something
I can compare it to is is 4k so my new
camera right my my new I got a Panasonic
Panasonic gh4 and that's a 4k camera
yeah but generally the videos that I
make are our guys
purposes like therefore social Oh God
she got some vomit on you yeah gave me
the plague so all of my stuff is for
like social media so you know I'm mostly
aiming for for like 1080p at most
because everyone watches social media
ads on a screen this size right but you
can shoot something in 4k and shoot it a
little bit wider than you would normally
shoot it yeah because then you could
always digitally zoom in and not lose
any of the clarity and so if your shot
isn't perfectly balanced or you know if
you're like I really want to focus in on
that you can actually digitally zoom in
later and not lose any fidelity 61
hostels killed
that's great rich eight civilians killed
murder Ron I usually play this a little
bit more surgically we're specifically
goofing off oh yeah that's right you can
also you can also do a shaky cam removal
you can do image stabilization without
losing any without losing any clarity
for like 4k is really great for fixing
basic alignment mistakes that's really
nice I I find myself using it all the
time like I'll just shoot it a little
wider I can zoom in later
yeah fix it in posts and you can
for the record I am NOT ignoring no I am
playing a game that requires so much of
my attention yeah and Jack isn't talking
to me so much as he's talking to you
also not to belittle rich you're not
necessarily a camera yeah so there's not
a lot of back-and-forth that we can have
exactly and so I'm okay with it am I
would you like to see your room in the
tower
yes you may you'll get to see it all the
entirety of the thing off is what rich
calls murder in a video game yeah I'll
go with Calista Corvo look I'm mad I'm
not a saint when I play this game I
don't I don't think that could kill
anybody but I don't go on killing sprees
typically president armed with a blade
you've changed the course of the city
forever
mmm with the Pendleton twins gone our
own Lord Pendleton will assume their
votes in Parliament Wow what needs to be
done men do in a lifetime
rich does it to speak to you soon
whatever neat whatever needs to be done
or good prop okay I need a specific
shirt okay yep
we need 800 toys I need to sort through
these movies okay I need you to buy Star
Wars dolls right yeah that's oh I know
so he does this little thing where he's
on camera yeah every once in a while not
not very often you don't
although the Loyalists can spirit from
me not much I haven't exactly been going
out of my way to tonight let's see
probably stupid because I need motor
upgrades you do need mercury upgrades
that check on your coin do B sandwich so
sorry about your fingers jack but at
least you're in good spirits always
laugh the pain away
laugh the pain away laugh the pain away
laugh the pain away laugh the pain away
thanks do be sandwich oh you have a
decent amount of cash
I know I don't necessarily care what did
you care at all about far cry 5 yeah
yeah yeah yeah I agree the last two just
kind of the same thing I I've I've only
seen you play blood dragon blood dragon
that is my entire knowledge of the
franchise is watching rich played blood
dragon right mostly because for a long
time I didn't have a gaming PC so I
couldn't play it all right Martin how do
you make money from streaming on Twitch
I'm considering that as a possible
career from you actually generally
speaking yeah you'll watch a little ad
before our stream starts we're actually
really bad streamers technically we're
oddities yeah we are not your typical
twitch streamer but usually you we
should be playing ads more regularly we
should be acknowledging people who
subscribe into a tip more regularly
possibly specializing in a certain game
or type of game we should be very good
at we should be streaming more often we
should do more like jokey game streams
like haunted-house stream stuff like
spam there's sticks that other streamers
who do well do that written I don't
necessarily do but yeah so you know
twitch gives you ad money from all the
people watching a stream you get money
from people who subscribe to your
channel and we have the tips set up
through stream tip and and then we also
cut up our streams and port them over to
youtube and we get you
we have money as well called double
dippin straight-up double-dip yeah if we
really wanted to capitalize on the
streams it would be only new games all
the time the new as fresh as hot as play
the curfew
really if we only if we wanted to really
capitalize it would only be pub G in
fortnight for yeah you'd really good at
sub G and you show off or you really you
really go to Dark Souls and you do the
dark souls run really don't get in if
you did speedrunning where you're really
good at the Mario games you speedrun
through Mario yep boo Mike whatever
whatever the thing you're good at right
yeah and if you're getting started as a
stream or what you're hoping for is a
super funny moment happens that you can
clip 30 seconds of it gets uploaded to
different social media site people go
who I'm gonna or you got a no Drake
apparently if you know Drake you can
come on your stream who the rapper he
played fortnight on a streamers stream
with the streamer and it went crazy
because you know he's famous outside of
streaming off and he came to the
streaming right he was playing some
fortnight so uh you know either got to
do a lot of gimmicky stuff have a
regular schedule or no Drake so
old man rich I it's not that rich is an
old man rich is not in general a fan of
the hip-hop so I would never I would not
expect him to know who Drake is he's not
dead I'm sorry I don't I'm not I'm not a
rap fan I'm sorry and there's nothing
wrong with that but I'm saying that that
has less to do with your age and more
with your musical tastes possibly both
but sure sure sure sure
I feel bad for Drake's agent right now
he must be getting flooded with dream
requests yeah like here are my stream
numbers I'd love for Drake to come on
what's he doing we talked about a new
album or whatever yep
really not Drake's agent Derrick's
agents Secretary's having a stressful
couple of weeks now
listen if Drake wanted to play X come
with us on a stream I would definitely
but only X if he wants to play fortnight
on a train why do they need the diet
they don't I am just goofing around
yeah he's doing a murderer I'm doing a
murderer run kind of murder everyone I
think it's more fun
well well executed stole
it's that you can do both and that's the
the joy of the game go through a level
completely undetected you can do that
what's gonna happen after they are done
with the Aviles you're gonna go straight
to we we know for sure like you know the
thing you're good
when I go teleported in front teleporter
defragment he was blocking yeah he knows
about your powers block block fuck I
can't beat me yeah what we know we know
already they're gonna do they're gonna
kind of go back in time a little bit
because the Captain Marvel movie takes
place in the 90s yeah so like Clark
Gregg is coming back as an agent of
shield and some other characters are
coming back who may be dead because they
can because it takes place in the 90s
and that way you don't need to worry
about that funky new continuity or the
big amazing event because it hasn't
happened so they gonna do some kind of
like speed of light time dilation that
gets captain captain nozzle into the
water possibly I mean that comes out
after Captain Marvel comes out after
it'll be entry you know what it'll be
interesting for ant-man why because he
ant-man and wasp is what comes out yeah
last time you know last time after the
big Avengers movie we got Iron Man 3 so
after the huge get-together we go to
Iron Man who's a staple but now it's
gonna hint man which is very interesting
at least from from my perspective which
is you know one of the one of the the
b-level heroes gets the gets the first
movie after the big event ant-man and
wasp which I'm very much looking forward
to odds are it's gonna be up letdown
what infinity war
infinity war oh I was talking about it
being looking for to animate a wasp yeah
but I mean I'm also looking forward to
infinity war I can only imagine there's
gonna be exactly two reactions with
anyone who is a fan of the comic books
it'll be let down yeah there's no way
they can do a story in as big a scope in
a movie as they could in months worth of
comics I think anyone who is a fan of
the movies will really enjoy it is my
that's my official prediction yep but
anyone who's read the comics will say
wow they missed so many story elements
I'm expecting it yeah
ant-man was after Avengers two but
Avengers 2 wasn't the event that
Avengers was and that infinity war is
infinity war is an event on the scale of
the first Avengers which is everyone
from the movies getting together for the
first time
how do I not get tired of the Marvel
movies I love two things in movies there
are two things in movies that are my
favorite parts of movies one is sci-fi
one is action record that's all comic
book movies are our sci-fi action was
and I do not get tired of them because
that also that classic empowerment
fantasy I'm a small weak man the movies
you know show me strong people and
punching nice shot nice shot lead them
lead your target let them run right into
your bolts powers
what do I want I don't love the street
hug helping the watch I don't know
wait while they were fighting there the
new mutant should hopefully break the
nation's being a horror movie now but he
keeps getting delayed and new mutants
and Dark Phoenix got delayed again pure
slop right there
that's that's alright that works
sometimes I'm not I don't care that Dark
Phoenix was delayed as I think they're
they're fucking it up already but I am
looking for any mutants you're gonna
delay any kind of x-men moving till
Marvel knows what the fuck they want to
do with the problem property well the
the merger hasn't gone through yet
true but but they did they they both got
too late so they maybe that's it it's
like let's wait until you know let's
wait until the merger goes through that
way then we can build Disney for a
little extra cash we already got these
movies made out you want them you want
them they want to be put at a deal they
probably don't I'm saying yeah
it's probably to avoid competitive
weekends though they've already lost
them
there's no then there's gonna be no
weekend every Marvel and Star War movie
is already happening all the time every
weekend he's got it you gotta choose
your battles just gotta choose your
battles let's go pop pants says I've
been playing some D&D; lately so question
no D&D; question rich yeah you wake up in
an RPG style world what is your first
step your goal your endgame to get out
of it and do you want to go back to the
real world yeah you probably want to get
back to it so that would be my goal is
to do you know figure out what steps I
would need to take in order to get out
of the RPG world
gosh darn it
but you don't like that again I guess
the end date but what do I want to be at
a D&D; world for there have plumbing you
could make a fortune you could be the
inventor of indoor plumbing you guys I
have an amazing idea
we just need the orcs and the mages to
work together and we can all shit inside
comfortably yeah I I could I could be
the D&D; world like like most brilliant
scientific mind but their equivalent of
Thomas Edison but just steal all of my
ideas no well magic a shit you'd be like
look I invented the light bulb and they
say what are you talking about we can
all make fire with our mind we don't
need wait pause
yeah
try something okay I don't know how it's
gonna work with a good okay do it
I know you're here somewhere scum
I don't think that's what your friends
know
nunim says you guys were talking about
Michael Bay in the Dead Rising 3 stream
have you played burnout paradise it's a
racing game that encourages fortuitous
explosions and destruction highly
recommend rich burnout paradise having
blender either but sorry if I hated
anything everything fantasy I wouldn't
like this point further record
try something now you know how well it's
gonna work I imagined this before okay
you gotta go you gotta get his body at
me I got three more good you gonna put
him in the grinder all right I'm done
with this but the bodies in the grinder
so all of them are just unconscious yeah
they're all just unconscious nice be a
shame if something I don't know ground
their bodies to a pope nice ah perfect
that's great body placement I'm gonna
make some pesto
oh all right let's see if it works
Tallyho
I'd say you got a better view
underwhelming
is he dead no I saw one I will see
you've got to put them in that side
let's do that that's great
all right that was fun doctor lube it up
since I have the dumbest idea for a star
husband I have the dumbest ideas for a
Star Wars movie so in rogue one the
Empire is just go with it rich the
Empire is taking Jedi lightsaber
crystals for use in the Death Star
the next super weapon will be a giant
lightsaber in space riches down with
this idea I can tell is that really what
was happening in world one they were
taking Jedi crystals yep I didn't pick
up on that I was too busy sleeping well
that the Death Star beam is basically a
big lightsaber
according to road one I didn't pick up
on that
I'm sorry sorry your court is under my
foot yes under your foot no more foot
crystals we should have one special
screen where no one talks about star
wars
big yeah James
jamming ttan says rich you sold me on
Dishonored I can't wait to assassinate
people with music when it goes on sale
okay so yeah this is an interesting
question now that you've played
dishonored one do you think Dishonored 2
is a worthy sequel I need to replay
Dishonored 2 before I plan do before I
give you a truly honest critique ok
let's hear what's your gut yeah
and worthy sequel make me better worse
anything is my goodness I want to replay
Dishonored 2 with more time to just take
it in sure and not I gotta get thrown
mind oh yeah we got stuff to do like we
gotta move we gotta talk about it I got
a week yeah that happens sometimes
dishonor there's only ten bucks on Steam
that's nice that is pretty nice position
himself doc likes to stir up shit talk
about black panther I think it's kind of
underwhelming I haven't seen it it's a
fine movie there's nothing wrong with
the movie I think it has a really good
villain I liked a lot of it but it
wasn't necessarily my jam I'm happy that
a lot of people like it I'm happy for
Ryan Coogler maybe he'll make another
Creed movie
what's the UH what's the track record
you know the track record for Marvel
directors isn't that great post Margrave
ok ok I'm good I'm goes alright host
Marvel it's not that great so like
John's Favreau
after Marvel has only been making his
Disney live-action The Lion King live ok
but that's and he did the jungle book
live-action remake he's doing the Disney
live-action remake wait which is but no
and I get I guess what I said is the
track record as far as movies that care
about that ok ok
you know like like I don't know if
they're spending their new clout on
their artistic dreams George just
completely drop link
George Miller nice thank you for this
woman what's he done that you've liked
outside of Mad Max oh he did that Happy
Feet movie wait why am i back here what
the mission restart what what I don't
know I said to restart the mission oh
did I am talking to Jack and I clicked
on a wrong thing
now shit oh well there you go
it's like why don't talk Jack never talk
to me all right
I'm not done anyway I think oh yeah how
long really going ah not terribly long
but oh come on oh it's it's only a
quarter after nine when did we start
after six so you know three hours sir
something else we can do quickly ah
possibly tell me when you're done and
we'll make that call I'm gonna be done
now oh I'm okay yeah I was distracted I
see what I did oh well they go no there
you go
FAC frauds says hey guys I know jack has
a job outside of our lamb but do the
rest of the rlm crew have second jobs
love you guys
you're my favorite YouTube
every Milwaukee's finest that's why
that's why you all moved up your neck to
Milwaukee from from the outlying area is
a Chicago male escort market was getting
a little crowded after we work for a
company called hunk frauds
literally that's hey frogs is it's more
of a joke male escort company where
women think they're gonna go home where
are we says easy peasy japanesey says
i'm curious after hearing your opinions
on the black spine up soda how often
does producing content feel more like an
obligation or sure that you dislike
literally hanging out with her friends
oh sure sure you know in a case like in
any best of the worst what i'm if if the
the movie selection isn't great all i
worry about is not having anything to
entertain you people with I do really
worry about that
like oh my god we're not going to be
funny because other than that yeah it's
just hanging out and goofing off with
our friends but the the anxiety comes in
oh this will be a shitty episode unlike
you not just for us but for you guys so
you know it's it's just one of those
things where it has never felt like work
but sometimes I worry that we're not
funny a heartily comedy
so far we've been able to we've been
able to pull a lotta crap out of our ass
and I think that's great
I have faith in them yeah yeah I've
heard of a swarm of rats tripping a
child's body to the bone and half a
minute
exactly Mike can always digitally zoom
on Rich's speech impediments there we go
oh yeah we always find something to tell
you you will have to force the words
from me and I warn you lick my love bits
as dragon rich are you more mammalian
social warm emotional or reptilian
clothes rational and capable of enjoying
solitude I feel jack is warm and furry
and rich is slick and quick like a snake
did you need to ask Ken can I be warm
emotional but also enjoy solitude and a
little bit of both I like people but I
also just like hanging out by myself
sometimes
killer oh no don't kill her nevermind
sorry I saw I saw a person that you
weren't killing and I said I thought you
shouldn't kill him junk
rebel base said I had a panic moment
playing blood-borne the other day I
accidentally killed the doll luckily I
soon discovered she this response this
another high caste that I haven't seen
but I still felt bad afterwards now I
always bow to her before leaving yeah
did you kill him no I can't kill him
you probably killed them where'd he go
where'd he go I want to buy stuff oh oh
I know what this is he's spying on
Calista he's being he's being a pervert
who's Calista she's a woman who takes
care of Emily I know it looked caused a
little girl I was inventing a new kind
of lock and he was like snowflakes the
truth is but yes killing the doll does
make you feel very sad you know even if
you do it on accident I agree the blood
borne the blood borne doll somebody's
saying we should look into the lore I
have a little bit
I just like the little bits I get from
the latchkey kids is Jack I've been re
watching Deep Space nine for the first
time in 20 years it's amazing
please try it again using the guide
called Star Trek Deep Space 9 condensed
Cisco equalist best captain ever quickly
return to my shop it was pretty cool I
I'm I like it now that I'm older yeah
oh you should get music empty space
liner stress shot did you give it a shot
I think I will I think I will
no no this is rich how are the fish I've
got a goldfish in my tank what do you
have hi fish doing how they fighting no
no they get thanked get along I got some
NIAMS and they're actually really really
Pleasant community fish than the ants
okay yeah they don't they don't harm a
thing Karen Karen says they're good
citizens all right I got some Guppies
mmm one tank a guy I got me and I got
some Guppies I got some shrimp I got a
loan Danny OH whoo I had to rescue from
the lobby Danielle's tanks separate from
the other Danny Harry danios basically
they were going to marry me he's missing
an eye his face is all fucked up oh it
was damn near death took my wee-wee
he's a he's one of those genetically
modified nightlight danios okay whether
the glofish yeah
today's bright neon and the fish were
picking on him were bright colors when
we put when we first put the neons in
the tank that we put the the wounded
Danny oh and he was terrified of the
neons because they were a bright
colorful fish like the ones that used to
pick on
the tank oh he was hiding from neons
which if you know you've seen any on you
know what a neon is that's hysterical oh
he was shell-shocked he was so sure you
got used to the other think I got danios
in the beta I guess I guess I could do
lady Boyles party but that's probably
more fun if you're if you're paying
attention to what's going on well you
don't have to yeah I think I think I'm
done okay I think I'm done
all right I can do around a slate aspire
I think okay that's great yeah that's a
that's a good we can we can see yeah you
know you beat you beat it as the iron
clad how about how about a Poisson run
hey I could just try and have another
good ironclad round you could good Oh
sounds good that's fine you can do that
too that's fine just what do you know
just whatever you want to do all the
time
all the time I always ask you want to
hell you're in the mood for always I
know I know I'm being I'm being pissy
stream
