Episode 002
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek First Contact Review
May 6, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-first-contact-review/
____________________________________________________

Star Trek first contact is the three
thousand nine hundred and sixty seventh
worst film ever made by no stretch of
the imagination is that anywhere near as
bad as generations which ranks in at
number one with baby geniuses in a close
second now you ask yourself how I mean
it can't be that bad it's got action
it's got the board
it's got splosions and they even walk
around on the outside of the ship and
Worf cuts a Borges arm off with the
sword
what's also awesome is that it doesn't
have a cartoon chipmunk or a little kid
but I'll tell you why I hate it because
it's a dumb down dumb action movie and
it lacks a really good complicated story
like a lot of the TNG episodes had heck
I would have taken any two-parter TNG
episode over this piece of shit but
basically what I'm trying to say is that
it's like a less than stellar board
movie I mean you can't ever outdo the
best of both worlds now that would have
made for an epic fucking movie because I
see well you see the thing is they
couldn't have done the same kind of
story in the best of both worlds because
everyone would have just compared it to
that like the Borg invading the
Federation kind of thing but that's the
exciting stuff so instead they had to do
this like weird time-travel plot but
they still wanted to have seen where the
Borg invade Earth so they put that in
the beginning even though it made no
sense I'll explain later
oh wait I'll explain now number one the
entire plot doesn't make any sense
time travel plots are hard to do I wish
I could travel back in time and plot my
wife's death differently maybe in a way
that didn't destroy my catalog
but this movie ain't no exception I
would think that if the Borg had some
kind of magical device that could open a
time travel portal that would be like
the most devastating thing ever
but I guess the Borg ain't too smart
because they really blew their one
chance with that awesome advantage so
the big plot hole here is why the Borg
have to fight their way to earth in
order to open the time portal there why
don't they just go in some remote part
of the galaxy open the time portal there
and then go to earth in the past when
there wasn't a gigantic fleet of
starships waiting to fire phasers out
then they could have just went right up
to earth completely unopposed I don't
think the international space station
would have been up for the challenge in
fact if the ultimate goal was just to
turn earth into Borg's like a new method
of assimilation exactly earth in the
past to assimilate the future that's
what they came here to do stop first
contact attack the earth in the past to
assimilate the future that's what they
came here to do stop for his contact why
don't they just go back to like 1950 or
something why did they want to blow up
the Phoenix ship I mean it's not like
they were just trying to prevent
Starfleet from forming they were doing
this new method of assimilation right so
what was their goal was the whole
time-travel plot really just so that the
Queen could get data as her mate or was
she just bored and thought that up in
the meantime was she looking for a mate
from the beginning or did she just see
the opportunity while they were working
on the whole assimilate Earth's past
thing is she a multitasker I know she's
a multi-dimensional Tasker you think in
such 3-dimensional terms I understand
number two why is Picard uninvited to
the Borg battle suddenly years after
dealing with the Borg on multiple
occasions without any notable incidents
that might question Picard's judgment
he's inexplicably banned from joining
the other ships firing phasers at the
Borg cube let's just say that Starfleet
has every confidence in the enterprise
and a crew they're just not sure about
her captain
they believe that a man who was once
captured and assimilated by the Borg
should not be put in a situation where
he would face them again you'll take
command of Task Force 3 consisting of
the enterprise the Crazy Horse in the
Agamemnon understood even that bitch
Admiral Nechayev or she trusted Picard
enough to lead a task force that was
fighting the Borg that were attacking
colonies to do so would introduce an
unstable element to a critical situation
however this unstable element well he
know exactly where to shoot phasers at
to blow the Borg ship up target all of
your weapons on to the following
coordinates
maybe should have told them that before
the battle started he could have saved
like tens of thousands of lives okay
everybody everybody all fire in the same
spot that's the trick don't shoot it all
over the place a fire in the same spot
number three Deep Space nine sends the B
team to defend Earth so that the fiant
was actually designed to fight off Borg
attacks that was its primary function it
was designed for one purpose only to
fight and defeat the Borg the Defiant
was the prototype the first ship in what
would have been a new Federation battle
fleet so when the moment finally comes
to fight off a fucking Borg invasion the
Defiant shows up with nothing less than
the B team it's just Worf in command
with a handful of rookies and that guy
who is that guy
no Sisko no Bashir no Kira no tax no odo
not even Miles O'Brien arrest they're
all hard borrow things to do like play
darts play baseball sit around in
bathing suits hang themselves from
balcony number four the Defiant gets
special preference so the enterprise
arrives at the battle and with hundreds
of ships exploding all around them for
some reason they single out the Defiant
but finds losing life support Bridge to
transporter room three beating the
Defiant survivors aboard now they even
do that without lowering their shields
on your neck and neck with the board q
you don't turn your shields off what
Picard really risked the safety of the
entire enterprise crew to beam up Worf
number five sloppy writing and vague
assumptions so Picard is now able to
hear the Borges talking and sorry's
Bryan I can
so he has an instinct where to tell the
fleet to fire all their weapons our
target all of your weapons on to the
following coordinates so they all do
listen shoot balls up the wharf comes up
to the bridge to say hi Oh everyone's
helper to see him
Riker even has time for a quick joke you
do remember how to fire phasers that
Worf asks about his ship the Defiant
adrift but salvageable
how does Picard magically know the
status of the Defiant I didn't see him
look at a control panel or even ask
anybody in fact the Defiant was actually
right next to the Borg cube when it
exploded so how does Picard know it's
adrift and even salvageable was he just
saying that's a Worf felt better
and why would Worf even care about a
ship moments earlier he was prepared to
fucking Ram the thing into the Borg cube
killing himself and everyone else aboard
prepare for running speed but now all
the sudden he's like the Defiant you
mean the ship you're just planning to
ram into the board cube and blow up yeah
it's fine it's salvageable six Picard
tells the computer to make them close
before getting into the turbolift Picard
barks out an order at the computer which
lacks many pieces of important
information computer mid 21st century
civilian clothing number one you have
the bridge if I were the computer I'd be
like what close who who said that where
do you want it out I can replicate y'all
some clothes but where you gonna pick it
up at what size are you for how many
people will do you need shoes - who said
that number seven violating the temporal
prime directive so if you're trying to
preserve a timeline
even taking the effort to wear period
clothing then why would you bring along
data on the initial survey data is an
albino man made a plastic that sticks
out like a sore thumb and then why would
he jump down a hundred feet in front of
some black woman
Shingen and allow himself to get shot
right in front of her greetings if she
had a phaser he wouldn't have done that
he would have done the whole Duck and
Cover thing because the phaser would
have knocked him on his ass right are
you alright
the arrow impacted just above my sixth
intercostal support penetrating my
secondary subprocessor fortunately none
of my bio functions seem affected I
guess a machine gun has no effect on a
cybernetic life-form then how I get does