Episode 007
Mr. Plinkett's Avatar Review
February 1,  2010
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-avatar-review/
________________________________________

James Cameron's Avatar was probably the
worst blue movie that I've ever seen and
I've seen a lot but I realized that I
made a horrible mistake and this was
some kind of sci-fi comedy film so I
figured I'd watch the rest since I took
the effort of sneaking into the theater
that was after I walked out of the
Princess and the Frog what a bunch of
that was yeah I guess I'll talk about
avatar number one the story avatar tells
the story of Dances with Wolves in space
in order to further a directors already
vast ego and to advance movie technology
further in the wrong direction and the
story of marine who got crippled in his
own wheelchair he's patched into the
brain of a human hybrid alien thing from
a race called the Navi which is like
Blue Man Group meets black people so the
point of all this I guess is really just
to make a sympathetic to the Navi so
that in the end we all can get hit over
the head with some kind of
anti-technology anti-military an
anti-corporate message all I really came
to see was that blue chicks and I got
this as a message I wanted a message I'd
go listen to my answering machine hi mr.
blanket Bob Foster here from the
department of cultural guilt just a
friendly courtesy call to remind you
about the horrible things that you did
to the Native Americans please continue
to feel guilty about this and if you
have any questions give me a call back
numbers - Oh
now if you're looking for a movie with a
lot of cool action and some interspecies
romance you'll probably enjoy avatar
although unlike its predecessor Titanic
you feel its length at times I'd say it
feels a little long because we know how
avatar is gonna add based on the trailer
but we also knew in Titanic so I'm not
sure really I guess with Titanic after a
while you forgot you're on the ship of
doom cuz you're like watching a little
love triangle plot and then blamo supply
them
blammo oh yeah the iceberg thing right
oh this is exciting
an avatar though the looming threat of
military action is always there and you
know it's coming but we have to wait two
hours for it while almost exclusively
watching characters that made you feel
like you're watching some kind of Disney
animated film at times I forgot while I
was watching it will go back to human
and then back to this like really really
unrealistic cartoony world with
dinosaurs and dinosaurs and and colorful
plants and and like glowing thing at the
time I didn't know if I was flashing
back to the 1960s when my grandkids
bought LSD and my coffee the best part
of waking up is acid in your car I don't
know maybe I'm a little biased towards
Titanic because I was actually on the
ship so my ability to be objective here
is somewhat limited
daddy get in the boat with mommy and me
daddy why aren't you getting in the
vault
number two the audience let's get down
to brass tacks truth of the matter here
is that director James Cameron proves
he's the master of his craft by making a
really effective film now I didn't say I
was amazing or gray
I said effective the film really pulls
on the audience heartstrings using
almost every trick in the book it seemed
too easy actually I mean this movie is
making people want to commit suicide so
that they could be reincarnated as a
navvy IRA come on people really please
commit suicide over something noble like
gambling debt
your problem with me is I no longer have
any heartstrings left to be pulled my
doctor had to remove them after my
bypass cause basically unaffected by
this film you see if your brain is made
of play-doh and you actually have some
kind of human emotions left then avatar
can mold you into like a crying
tree-hugging man baby okay I'm gonna
stop using stupid metaphors and I'm
gonna break this shit down for you here
we go
you got two things you need to do to win
over the audience with the movie like
this make the audience hate the villains
in whatever way you can no matter how
cheap the military in this film is run
by a comical stereotype of the crew cut
wearing racist white man after 200 years
of human evolution in the development of
space travel the military is apparently
still stuck in the 18th century mindset
in terms of cultural understanding for
one that's kind of insulting to the
military today and two it's a little too
easy and convenient to further emphasize
this point during the briefing singing
our subconscious is treated to a few
Bubble redneck types sitting in the
front row geez these guys look like
they're gonna get on their motorcycles
and go beat their wives after they down
a couple beers of course you might not
have noticed these guys at first but
your brain did so in order to fulfill
your movie objectives you got a stick in
whatever one-dimensional comical
stereotypes you need to build up the
audience's hatred the a-hole general the
golf playing rich corporate asshole who
only cares about its profits and the
wealthy arrogant bitch slapping trophy
wife seeking asshole it's actually okay
that these characters don't feel like
real people or have any depth to them
they serve their purpose in the movie
conversely the Navi are portrayed as a
peaceful people in perfect harmony with
nature imma let you in on a little
secret
savage races without technology and
money can be just as fucking brutal to
each other as we can plus they don't got
things like antibiotics indoor plumbing
or Taco Bell next the answer to love
store
James Cameron learned the value of
mixing a love story with an epic tragedy
when he made Titanic that value was
exactly one point a zillion dollars so
if you ever find yourself in a James
Cameron movie and you meet a nice young
lady from another social cast or culture
and you get to know her you court her
and then eventually you make love and
some kind of strange and unique location
then get ready because the next scene
after that it's gonna be some kind of
disaster having the audience connect
with a newly formed romance amidst
danger and tragedy well that's instant
box-office gold they should have done
that in taxi so that's what you need to
make sense
number three what's right with your face
finally you got sympathy from the
audience and this could be the most
important element of all getting an
audience to love and feel compassion for
like a weird alien race it's pretty hard
to do did you ever think you'd end up
feeling compassion for these ugly bugs
where they live in like a shantytown you
dig around in the garbage and it looked
like my ex-wife but over the course of
the movie you begin to understand their
plight
I mean sure there's a really obvious
political message to district 9 but it's
not like hitting you over the head with
its simplicity and the characters are
interesting because they feel real and
they've got depth to them donate the
case was the avatar Cameron took the
easy route with character designed for
the Navi he made him a little too
perfect for an alien race you gotta feel
sympathetic towards first he started
with the oldest trick in the book
something I call Disney eyes James
Cameron brought in a team of sympathy
scientists from the University of put
they helped design the look of the Navi
and they did an outstanding job first
big puppy-dog eyes of the classic look
of a sympathetic character Disney and
everybody else figured this shit out
years ago
you got the majority of cartoon
characters got gizmo wall-e
Johnny Five and so on but guys are
inviting the show openness honesty and
most importantly vulnerability
conversely small beady eyes usually
means they're bad like they're hiding
something they're evil sinister
unsympathetic distrustful dishonest
malevolent painful oh oh shit I drop
Mike destroy next thing they did was mix
in an animal element which was
represented in the nose and the little
cat ears you see the downturn nose in
the flat bridge is is similar to like a
cat or a dog nose we all love dumb
adorable creatures don't we let's look
at some now cats and dogs represent
innocence usually it's very sad when a
cat or a dog dies in a movie because
they don't know nothing about what's
going on in the world flipping that
element into the nobbies face is a work
of genius then lastly the scientists
needed to sexualize the Navi for the
love story so they added some big
luscious very human looking lips look at
them lips anything kind you just want to
put duct tape over I mean kiss kiss yes
yes that's what I meant to say kiss with
a loving passion yeah um what I'm a so
the Navi in addition to being like a
perfect sexual fantasy creature for
nerds ends up being like a flawlessly
designed creature to work for all
necessary elements of this movie that's
a big yawn to me I don't need no
messages for
Continued in part two.
part two so at this point we all love
the Navi right and we especially loved
the girl Navi even though she's painted
up all blue man group and looks like a
gremlin in drag but I digress I tapped
that blue business and it might even get
all riled up to fight back at those
jag-offs to knock down my Christmas tree
and that my even bigger tree that's my
home so ask yourself how would all this
have played out if the Navi just
happened to look like this or like Oh
God what are they wearing well what if
the Navi just happened to be Garbage
Pail Kids you know maybe wearing
loincloths oh cool
or it'll spark from my own mouth
ugliness is not in a mirror ugliness is
cruelty meanness of spirit greed to be
blessed with unusual features is an
adventure you know that jacket makes you
look older
come on kids take a shot show them what
we really
so what does marine have found his inner
conscience and decided to help this
unique culture if they weren't perfect
golf material you see when you break all
this shit down to the elements you could
see the inner workings and how people
can be tricked by the magic of cinema
it's a world more fantastical than
Pandora next a guy named William Shatner
once said what's in a name an avatar
apparently a lot now if you take this
movies running theme with really obvious
and silly words like unobtainium and
Pandora and then you take the word Navi
and you give it like a vide your
treatment you know you move this and add
that and then you got a whole new word
naive this is either referring to the
simple Navi culture or considering the
fact that it's kind of in code it might
refer to something else I'm sorry to
break the news to people now get out
your wallets number four what was the
ultimate point of this movie well if you
ask me it all seems pretty clear I think
James Cameron wanted to accomplish two
tasks here one to further solidify his
status as king of the world and the box
office and two to push George Lucas
aside and become the real guy whose
revolutionising filmmaking technology by
doing all this 3d crap I think the last
thing on his list was to tell an
original story you see he actually has
passion for the ocean and history and
things like that and I think he really
wanted to tell the story of Titanic in
his own way with avatar just get some
kind of creepy vibe that it's some kind
of ego driven technological reason
behind
I mean you could compare avatar to the
story of Dances with Wolves until you're
blue in the face but I think there's
something else going on here I think the
actual thought process was hmm what if I
mixed Titanic with aliens people like
Space Marines and love right so people
say to me that avatar wasn't supposed to
be about the plot it was about feeling
the experience of being on Pandora
oh is that what all this 3d shit is
gonna turn movies into like theme park
rides like I probably wouldn't bitch
about the plot to the Star Trek
experience or Jurassic Park the ride cuz
it's like a ride like you know Pirates
of the Caribbean shit that's been in 3d
for 40 years
so why was an avatar summer release well
if you'll remember Titanic was slated to
be released in the summer of 97 but it
was pushed back to the winter time how
do I remember this I don't know I just
do I think I remember seeing
advertisements for oh wait hey wait I
could prove it to you I happen to still
have an old Titanic promotional popcorn
container from before the movie came out
it's our in my basement or we go find it
so I could show you it here we are in my
basement again I know I got that popcorn
tub around here somewhere maybe it's up
on my shelf hey there it is you see at
some point so chanock was supposed to
come out in the summertime colored with
destiny yeah why do I still have this
what's in it so do you think James
Cameron's motivation was to recreate the
conditions of Titanic's box office
success in both the movies story and the
release date well let's see
I guess he learned from Titanic that
releasing a blockbuster summer movie in
the winter has its own advantages not
much competition from other movies and
people got less to do in the winter time
this leads to repeat viewings
I predict winter time will be the new
summer time for big movies after this
number 5 in conclusion so you're
probably wondering what I thought of the
actual movie though well I didn't hate
it it had really impressive visual
effects neat technology and weapons and
some good performances it had it's cool
moments early on but towards the end it
started to get like stupid geez I don't
think I've rolled my eyes that much
since I had that demonic possession a
lot of stupid things started to happen
at the end the fact that the robot armor
suit thing had a comically large knife
and he got that woman with the Navi war
paint on her face and on her helicopter
and then like did he just say shock and
awe and then something about terrorism
oh I get it
that's topical right right and then and
then he says that's how you scatter the
cockroaches and then he says let's wipe
out this civilization so I could get
back to base and eat raw meat oh I get
it he's a bad guy isn't he I think
that's it really I just had a hard time
getting past how manipulative and simple
the story was despite being really
amazing visually to Navi were a little
too perfect and harmonious for a
primitive culture and the military was a
little too simplistic and destructive
for an advanced culture there wasn't
like a middle ground to see the ultimate
irony with the Avatar is that for all
the time and money spent to make this
movie in 3d the story and the characters
were still stuck in one dimension lastly
for those people suffering from
depression because pandora is not a real
place you need to really get your
fucking head out of your ass you've been
played by a Hollywood snake oil salesman
for the cash in your wallet you fools
take your Prozac and get back in the
Oh whoo hey do you think James Cameron
is gonna donate the huge profits made
from the technological advancements of
this film to some beautiful indigenous
African tribe yeah probably not
I'd only watch this movie once for
fuck's sake you want them to make more
oh please don't visit my web so I didn't
mean to do it I only got six pizza rolls
left if you want one send me a certified
letter in the mail
