Episode 014
Behind the Scenes: Mr. Plinkett’s Star Wars Episode III review
January 20, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/behind-the-scenes-mr-plinketts-star-wars-episode-iii-review/
__________________________________________________________________

a bit like yeah it's chicken but yeah oh
it's just about to do this like what are
we shooting here we're filming mr.
blanket scenes for a live action
sequences for the mr. episode 3 review
ok or mr. plan gets going is going to be
mailing pizza rolls out again okay but
we're setting up the some of the plot
line but we're dismembering the the
advertisements he does creepy things
like this like a psychopath would 666
execute order 666
so here's our cooked cat which we
accidentally just cooked for real it
stinks
it smells smoky and it stinks in here
because we wanted to cook the pizza
rolls
so I preheated the oven and forgot that
I had this thing set inside there so the
cats wouldn't get it yeah ironically we
put the cooked cat inside the oven so
that the real cats didn't eat the fake
cooked cat that the real cats were
supposed to be the faked cooked cap yes
it's a cyclical it's what they call a a
fuck out no no it's it's what they call
a shit what is the term a pair of
parallax para paradox a paradox a
cyclical paradox but the fake cooked cat
in the oven so we put the fake cooked
cat in the oven to hide it from the real
cats so they don't eat the fake cooked
cat then the real cats were the ones
that mr. blanket cooked in the oven in
the video so it's came too confusing
so we're attempting one two three
so we're attempting to age star wars
episode 1 the Phantom ass by putting it
in the oven here we go not many ways is
coming all right
hopefully we don't burn the place down
yeah we just cook some pizza rolls so
we're gonna go shoot a scene and most
likely forget that the VHS tape is in
the oven and this is the footage the
police fine the way and so this is the
footage the fire investigator finds
cause of apartment complex burn it
burning two idiots episode 1c episode 1
just ruins everything yeah it really
does it's going to ruin a whole lot of
people's lives
Heaven's Gate how's it going that didn't
take long
this wasn't it was in there for what
like two minutes mm-hmm yeah it's
probably way too huh the case is in
effect at all that's a little though oh
yeah it's darker actually the hole right
in the middle of it they're sort of yeah
that's knit well now we know what
happens when you stick a VHS tape in the
in the oven so this is the episode 1
phantom lettuce VHS tape that's been
cooked in the oven yes this isn't what
we had originally planned we did no burn
it but you're improvising here
yeah we're improvising so mr. plinkus
going to piss on it and the toilet but
we're boring New Glarus Spotted Cow not
that spotted cow is pissed it's a great
Milwaukee brew Wisconsin brew yes but
it's this good simulation of urine yes
so we're not really pissing on the tape
just laying off although we really
should I'm sure someone has some
okay now we're cleaning VHS tape am i
doing with my life I have a toilet full
of beer and a melted VHS tape so yeah it
was just uh it's nice and clean safe yes
take the North up go up to do any kind
of weird disease perhaps I'm not I won't
wash it with soap just a nice water will
dry it out in fact you can even try and
play it your VCR yeah okay um I'm gonna
stomp wise toys all those bones and it's
like Danny popcorn tub Louisbourg got
his Star Wars toys he's got some bones
and his favorite popcorn Titanic I don't
know why Wednesday favorite um he's got
oh it's got his Star Wars toys and got
some bones and his Titanic popcorn tub
okay that's good