Mr. Plinkettâ€™s Star Trek Generations Review
December 12, 2008
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-generations-review/

Star Trek generations is the stupidest
movie ever made
but ruined everything and not just Star
Trek movies but everything why make a
video review of this movie after it's
been out for like 14 years while the
truth is I've got nothing better to do
but I've always wanted to articulate all
the little points about what I hate
about this movie so let's begin shall we
the transition once again we've saved
civilization as we know it the good news
is and not going to prosecute so Star
Trek 6 concluded the movies of the
original cast pretty well I think Kirk
and the crew they they saved the
President of the Federation Scotty
killed the bad guy and then they solved
the mystery that scooby-doo couldn't
solve and in the end they all gathered
around and posed for a picture that
nobody took and then the enterprise had
sailed off into the sunset second start
of the right
and straight on to the one and they were
hanging their hats up their space hats
moving on to retirement but no I
couldn't leave well enough alone so that
I came time for the next generation
movie and what i guessing happened was
that people in the studio were probably
a little scared about making a Star Trek
movie without the original crew members
so in true stupidity they they added a
couple and and made it kind of a
combination movie which was stupid so
instead of making a really great
next-generation movie with a really good
story really good action they had to
squeeze in Kirk and a couple other
characters whoever else wanted to be in
it the story certainly isn't about
Chekov North is any one page about
Chekov it still I feel that I've been
given the opportunity to invest some
character into the into the dialogue
nice to see you in action one more time
Captain Kirk
Sulu had his own command they forgot to
ask him shall Nichols and they asked
Spock but he said he said no because the
script sucked go to hell so then there
you are they're launching the Enterprise
B and you have an awkward partial first
original cast only ones who are lame
enough to show up showed up the other
ones didn't show up because they had
better things to do so that made it
weird that made it weird from the
beginning number 2 things don't make sad
so the script for generations reads like
my dead wife wrote it and my dead wife
didn't know much about Star Trek now if
you don't know much about anything so in
the beginning the captain of the
enterprise B says ladies and gentlemen
we've just cleared the asteroid belt our
course today will take us out beyond
Pluto and then back to space dock just a
quick run around the block then of
course they got a distress call we're
picking up a distress call captain then
like in a true Star Trek thing they're
the only ship in range the ships are
bearing at 3 1 0 mark 2 1 5 distance 3
lightyears
signal the closest starship we're in no
condition to mount a rescue we're the
only one in range sir well that's okay
because that makes it kind of exciting
if they're the only ship that can be
there but if you'll recall they were
gonna sail around Pluto
of course today will take us out beyond
Pluto which puts them just inside the
earth solar system so they're near earth
in the heart of the Federation and
they're the only ship in range earth is
the headquarters of the Federation there
should be like hundreds of ships all
over the place flying around they got
the the shipyards near Mars they got
probably tens of ships floating around
here there and they could zip around at
the warp speed so I don't understand
then you got a gigantic space ribbon
that's flying around heading towards
Earth and it's three light-years away
shouldn't somebody have sounded an alarm
there's a thing coming at us there's
thing coming out at number three not
everybody got the memo about the
uniforms so now you got half the
original crew and half the uniforms from
the Deep Space nine I don't understand
this Starfleet is like a military
organization you know so they say look
we got new uniforms everyone put them on
the first the next month instead they
kind of said yeah put them on whenever
you want to it's just a fucking uniform
so if you run into an alien species that
wants to join the Federation and they're
all like what's going on with the
uniforms we don't know what's going on
number four different lighting
well it's painfully obvious they shot
parts of Star Trek six on next
generation sets they carefully covered
up parts where you could tell this by
putting random crew members in the way
just kind of staring but what's weird to
me is that the enterprise-d suddenly
look different for seven years on the
show we were used to see
it look one way nice even TV lighting
but since it's a movie they had to get
fancy so it's just weird cuz it's
different now and I don't like things
that are different let's take a look at
data's quarters before and now after see
see what I'm talking about it got darker
or something and I don't like things
that are different
number 5 ba cards stupid photo album so
Picard learns that his family died in a
fire he takes a moment out of his busy
day to kind of look at some photos
reminisce a bit looking at pictures of
his family on like a computer screen or
his little laptop wouldn't have been as
emotional so Picard's an old-fashioned
guy he likes books and Shakespeare
archaeology and old pots so it makes
sense that he'd have a photo album but
because this movie sucks they had to
ruin the photo album too by putting this
dumb little holographic border around
the picture did they really need to have
a space photo album now what purpose
does the little reflective hologram
borders around the picture serve other
than to distract you from the picture
why did they put that number 6 data's
motions chip is different looking yep
I'm complaining about this see the thing
is they made it look like a giant
computer processor that's so people in
the audience that don't know about Star
Trek know what the hell's going on
I guess that's alright but it just looks
so different from what it looked like
before they made this movie for people
that liked Star Trek right so when data
was gonna blast it with the phaser
completely disregarding any kind of
safety hazards he takes a look at the
chip you know and he's like maybe
someday Geordi maybe someday I'll put
this chip in my head and laugh at your
jokes so then that day finally comes
after he pushed dr. crusher in the water
and he says Geordi I want to put the
emotions chip in my brain
and it's like 500 times bigger and it
looks different so the data doesn't say
anything about it because you didn't
remember what it looked like and Geordi
didn't know what it looked like either
so they stick it in his brain number
seven Sauron space rocket and a bunch of
others that doesn't make sense is
captured thank you for coming
Malcolm MacDonald plays a villain named
Sauron he wants to extinguish a son to
make a giant space ribbon pass over a
planet and pick him up he'll do this by
firing a rocket into the Sun walk
first off Picard and the crew know about
his plan him and data figure it out in
the in the room with the map
that's wiseguy so then they go to the
planet to try and stop Sauron when they
get to the planet though they run into a
Klingon ship that has Geordi kidnapped
they offer a prisoner exchange that
makes no sense
then I will beam to his location then I
will beam to your ship and you can
transport with a solid I will be your
prisoner but first you must be me to the
surface so that I can speak with solid
so when they get Geordi back and they
being Picard down everyone kind of goes
about their normal business I'd like to
run a level-3 diagnostic on the port
plasma relays they forget about what's
happening why didn't they just like beam
down hundreds of security guards to go
shoot Sauron or send down some shuttles
or fire shot at the Klingon ship and
disable its weapons I could have just
been Picard right back up after they got
Geordi and said fuckers
