Star Trek Insurrection Review (Part 2 of 4)
June 10, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-insurrection-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr4RHI01t38, https://twitter.com/LudwigK/status/2761979086

part two number four Eureka I don't get
it to make this dumb movie look like it
is some kind of mystery plot we're
forced to sit through a sequence that
makes no sense on so many levels I don't
even know where to start so I'm just
gonna dive right in uh uh uh maybe I
should have drowned my wife I'd still
have my caddy
maybe I'll drown my new wife Bambi she
gets on my fucking nerves and starts
asking about my life insurance policy
again anyway so on the day of lightning
which was last Thursday I think Dana
must have been about to discover the
location of the hollow ship which was
hidden in a lake to prevent someone from
finding it even though they find it
without any problem when they don't even
know what they're looking for then even
though the back who claimed to have
rejected all technology we believe that
when you create a machines do the work
of the man he takes something away
they've built a complex machine they
used to drain the lake for no other
reason other than to discover a hidden
hollow ship so I've really drain out the
water we see how large this auto ship is
and where the water line would have been
in order to have the ship underwater
meaning that the dock that they are now
standing on after the draining either
was underwater all this time or the Baku
had built a dock under the water
if the hollow ship didn't displace any
water and was still submerged and
draining the lake to the point to reveal
the hollow ship would have left the dock
hanging off the edge of a cliff or well
above the waterline which isn't what
happens in the movie in the movie the
dock is still on the water and the
hollow ship towers above them which
means that the dock must have been under
the water like the back who built the
dock underwater or it was submerged
which means the dock would either be wet
covered in seaweed or something and if
that were the case the backhoe would
have noticed that the water was much
higher than it used to be so basically
none of this makes sense but what really
doesn't make
sense is why don't they just put the
hollow ship like 500 miles away on
another continent or in fucking orbit
this ship is equipped with 14 long-range
transporters they were planning to
transport the people under the ship
anyway so why hide it in a lake other
than to have Picard and data discover it
to create the illusion that this movie
is some kind of interesting mystery plot
some are also please tell me the logic
of having to hide something that's
invisible
so then Picard and data--and wherever
her name is take a rowboat out to the
hollow ship and then I climb up a set of
invisible stairs to get on board the
ship and look around climb on board with
ease but in the next scene that girl
falls 50 feet out the same entrance
hatch and then they decloak the ship to
reveal that there were no stairs there
and they really couldn't have climbed up
with these I'll fuck did they got up
there nothing makes sense even my life
amber for hollow ship or hollow plot now
our ship itself don't make much sense in
fact the entire reason behind it is
self-defeating and stupid you see there
would be no movie if Adam old man had
said attention Baku this is a federation
planet the Federation Council has said
they wants you out of here we'll take
you to a new planet or you can choose to
stay here but we're doing something that
will kill you if you do please do not
resist us thank you you have any further
questions please go to
www.campinginstlouis.com you can put in
eventually they'll realize so we're not
going to Disneyland when we get there
and the only Mickey they're going to
meet is a black nurse who's going to
shove a tube up my dick my point is why
bother to create this elaborate
deception for the Baku they're just
going to find out eventually sure a
hollow ship might trick them for a day
- but when they find that they can't eat
food made of light and force fields and
their piss and shit is sliding around
the floor they might be on to us they're
certainly going to think something's
wrong when they woke up on a new planet
you go to sleep one night in the village
wake up the next morning on this flying
holiday also the notion that the entire
Baku village all sleeps at the same time
like a children's storybook it's pretty
stupid there's always going to be that
one couple that's up at 3:00 a.m.
arguing about who drank the last cannon
Milwaukee's best look just relocate the
fucking people okay it's what we did
with the Indians on earth and look how
that turned out we have so many
wonderful casinos that's where I'm up
Bambi a new wife she's 19 and she's on
drugs
number five more convenience a 24-hour
Walgreens
either Picard knows his crew really well
or they know him really well either case
in this scene so many assumptions are
made that everything fits neatly
together for the next scene first off a
card room at this point thinks he's
acting alone heads down to the storage
room to load up on guns and weapons to
bring with them to a planet of pacifists
that hate weapons the moment we pick up
a weapon we become one of them we lose
everything we are so why exactly was
Picard traveling with seven metric tons
of ultra diem explosives eight jet round
pulse launchers and ten ISIL magnetic
disintegrators he ran at the end of the
film during all the action we don't even
see one able-bodied male picking up a
gun to help defend the people then the
crew come down and they all seem to know
or assume ahead of time which ones are
going with and who's staying on the ship
maybe they read the script in advance
Riker and Geordi understand on the ship
so they're wearing their uniforms
everybody else is dressed in the back of
JC Penney fashion of course all this was
done at a time without Picard knowing so
what if Picard says hey dr. crusher you
stay behind Geordi I want you coming
down to the planet down what then I both
have to go back to their quarters and
change that would have been awkward
I feel obliged to point out that the
environmental anomalies may have
stimulated certain rebellious instincts
common to youth which could affect
everyone's judgement except mine of
course data please respond number six
back who birth control purl I'll pull
out the back who like tobacco this is
obvious based on how Octomom wants to
rubber twins on both of Picard's heads
it's been three hundred years since I've
seen a bald man they seem like a normal
group of folks now while yes they're
technically aliens they appear to be
very similar to humans in a lot of
respects
when picard meets that little stupid kid
he says I suppose you're 75 no I'm 12 so
the kid was born 12 years ago a and by
year I assume they mean earth year now
I've examined this film with a team of
perverts we've discovered that there are
about 30 or so random kids in that age
range running around the Bracco village
meaning that 30 or so couples had
children roughly 10 to 12 years ago so
in order for the current number of backu
to be 600 that small group that that guy
referred to a small group of us set off
shut up I'm talking well they would have
been like 20 people or 10 couples having
only one or two children every 10 years
or so so not accounting for the issue of
generational inbreeding but the other
problem is that most couples back
through more than one time every ten
years and these people don't age they
stay in sexual maturity for hundreds of
years this observation is based on the
fact that a 300 year old woman wants to
access Picard's manual steering column
so the back who don't become old folks
like me aware diapers I mean just old
folks like me and statistically it's
true that people that live in rural
areas have more children than those that
don't farm living is slow dull and when
it ain't harvest season there's little
to do other than back cooing Bambi and I
back hood in the bathroom at the casino
but she kept asking me if I had any
pills she could score
she's such a wonderful lady on the TV
show a colony ship crashed into a
planner in just 90 years their
population grew to fifteen thousand two
hundred fifty three sir fifteen thousand
so after three hundred and nine years by
my calculations the Baku should have a
population of roughly three million
seven hundred and forty five thousand
nine hundred and sixteen people this is
based on an exponentially driven
population multiplication effect further
multiplied by a species that does not
age lives in a rural area and does not
have access to modern date birth control
or prophylactic
continued in part three
