Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Nemesis Review (part 1 of 4)
August 13, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-nemesis-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZjkHUrEuHc

Star Trek nemesis is the final nail in
the proverbial Space coffin no wait it
is a space coffin I'm not just speaking
metaphorically here because this whole
movie reminds me of death but Who am I
kidding what doesn't these days I will
point to the Star Trek franchise go
horribly wrong now I ain't saying no one
in particular is to blame Oh what
happened when did Star Trek go from
being a fun space adventure the whole
family could enjoy two violent dark
depressing horror movies can everything
on that ship now I ain't sayin all Star
Trek didn't have its dark elements prior
to this
but it was always done with a little bit
of class I never really affected the
whole overall movie I don't think I've
ever seen a movie like this with mind
rape child slave labor died getting
imperiled on a spike and I'm pulling it
through his own guts or f-fix scenes of
death close-ups of Marina Sirtis
disturbing diseases people getting
sucked out into space after the movie I
felt like going out coffin shopping do
you remember all good things
the final TNG episode what a fun
adventurous way to end such a great TV
show we see all the characters and
different time periods go back to the
beginnings see what happen to everybody
it was just great
all nemesis did was want to make me stop
taking my heart medicine so let's get
started talking about this movie number
one star trek 10 the wrath of shins on
so you have to be a total asshole not to
see the obvious parallels between emesis
and the Wrath of Khan and I'm not
mentioning this to say like they ripped
off that plot or anything but what they
did do was rip off that plot all it
really did was shine a giant spotlight
on how nemesis failed to reach that
level of quality I got a feeling on a
conversation like this took place hey we
should make another Star Trek The Next
Generation film before they get too old
one of them dies where people stop
caring right Ryan Marshall would go next
well we slapped together the first one
and it sucked let's not do that again
people like the Borg one right that was
dark and violent but then we slapped
together the next one and no one liked
that so we're sure my kernel or dark
from violent one that's right yeah we
can get the bus guys to work on it too
people no one ever heard of hey maybe we
can ripoff I mean pay homage to the
Wrath of Khan because I was popular one
we'll make it about Picard and data
again let's not take any risk hey
remember when they took a risk on a
weird plot about humpback whales and
traveling back in time wow that was a
disaster - let's make yet another movie
about revenge and a doomsday device and
violent space explosions because that'll
be a safe bet so let's do an analysis so
we have two of the sexual villains who
both spent a long period of time in an
undesirable place eventually they both
get their own ship a loyal crew and the
ability to escape and continue on with
their lives however they both give in to
their own crazy revenge mess around with
the captains of the enterprise
fuck themselves over in the most
horrible way eventually everyone ends up
in a space battle in a nebula where
communication is disrupted as is their
ability to accurately shoot at each
other spend the second most important
character in Star Trek sacrifices
himself so that a doomsday device
doesn't kill the crew of the enterprise
there's even a scene where both
captain's talk to the bad guy as a
distraction while they secretly prepare
an alternate attack
don't scream I hope you're still alive
jean-luc oh yes I am God how do we know
you'll keep your word chins up I don't
think I ever told you about my first
Academy evaluation so Lock phasers on
target and up with my command
phasers look
eh
the thing was overall ratha comm was a
smarter movie it was about Kirk dealing
with changes in life realizing he was
getting older it was also about Kirk
never having had to face the no-win
scenario for Kirk everything usually
worked out in the end but not this time
this time spark died you see Kirk grew
as a character emesis lacked all these
elements except for people dying all her
happens released but guard just
discovers that if he grew up in a space
mine he just turned to a violent
psychopath that pulls a spike to his own
guts gee how uplifting Picard then just
storms off the bridge at the end and
everyone is left standing around with
this look on their faces like this Star
Trek shit's getting too violent for me
nemesis just basically leaves you with
the sick tired depressed feeling at the
end but couldn't they have ended it the
way the show ended the nice game of
pinochle something like we don't feel
like slitting your wife's wrists oh and
unrelated news Bambury killed herself in
the bathtub after I found out she was
taking money out of my wallet
I guess she felt guilty about number two
wedding bells
nemesis opens a Riker and Troy's funeral
I mean wedding wedding far away which is
mysteriously lacking the locks on a Troy
whose only mission in life was to see
your daughter get married now my gel
might have been sickly at that point
from her leukemia so a good lot of pass
but I really think the writers just
forgot why don't you leave her alone if
it weren't for you she'd be married by
now
Brian was a lot of people like to
complain about two characters who are in
this scene Worf and Wesley are you all
right
Romulan ale should be
it is the glass of Romulan ale doctor
Thank You senator the trading embargo
has been officially lifted if you were
wondering our last time we saw a little
Wesley he had quit Starfleet and gone
around the universe with some weird guy
commander how would you feel about being
named Federation ambassador to Chronos
I'm Warford been on Deep Space nine and
at the end he got married Klingon
Burford now they're suddenly back in
uniform and out the wedding yes doesn't
really annoy me it's entirely possible
that Wesley got bored with the traveler
and came to his senses maybe went back
to Starfleet
same with Worf maybe Worf was an
ambassador for a year and then got bored
you see each movie the reason for Worf
being there gets less and less important
first he's on the Defiant and is beamed
over in battle the nizam was out of
conference or something
now he's just there and don't ask why if
they don't care I'm not going to care in
fact it seems like no one cares about
the accuracy of these characters no more
Michael Dorn put on 50 pounds since we
last saw him Picard is happy and smiling
and completely out of character Marina
Sirtis apparently totally forgot how to
play counselor Troi Troi now sounds
almost exactly like Marina Sirtis sounds
and interviews whether you're a real
bride or a make-believe bride you're the
princess for the day it's tradition Worf
you of all people should appreciate that
I'm not certain of that now
I do sense something unusual I'm proud
of the work that we all did I'm not
certain of that now captain well you're
in quite a mood today my father was a
Starfleet officer enough about this crap
back to the wedding scene now I'll tell
you what really bothers me it's dumped
green plastic drum cymbals why do they
have to have space cymbals is it to
remind us that we're in the future look
the symbol goes back to prehistoric
times and you're asking me to believe
that all the way from then up until the
last couple of years they started making
drum cymbals and transparent green
plastic and if any post a comment saying
it's supposed to be some kind of
semi-transparent green metal alloy that
reverberates sound much better than
traditional symbols well you ain't
getting sent a pizza Roy you're got it
because we've consistently seen Star
Trek characters playing traditional
woodwind and strength instruments all
throughout Star Trek my career employed
a fucking trooper
none of these instruments have been
turned into a transparent green plastic
listen enough about the symbols my
grandkids need their air medicine if you
want to help please mail cash only to
Trump Taj Mahal Casino Hotel Kara
various blanket sling go mystery bonus
slot machine near the men's bathroom
Atlantic City New Jersey Oh a 400-watt
from January important
