Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Nemesis Review (part 2 of 4)
August 13, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-nemesis-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoWfTq8dYos

part two number three I don't know it's
happening in the movie again c-grade
hack writers and producers were put in
charge of a Star Trek movie to write a
story that looks like it's a complex
mystery plot when you break it down
nothing makes sense I guess we're
supposed to forget about the details of
what just happened in the movie by the
time we get to the drill inducing action
scenes don't ask questions just keep
shoving popcorn and your faces and
shelling out money I'm going to ask
questions Scott jammer so the real story
begins when were sting beeps and they
scan the positronic signature and the
Caloris region got it I'm picking up an
unusual electromagnetic signature from
the Killoran system which is of course
b4 was on a planet when placed there by
Shinzon as a way to bait Piccard the age
you can't refuse first of all it's never
explained how Shinzon found a rare
Noonien Soong Android was it on Romulus
did he find it in space was it just a
coincidence that I found it and it was
the same as data who just happens to be
picard second officer hmm that's awfully
convenient also how did he get it to
emit the positronic signatures
specifically at the enterprise because
if the enterprise's computers detected
it you think other starships in the area
would've - there would be probably like
20 ships all arriving at Clause 4 they'd
all be like you guys here to check out
the positronic reading - how weird
so are we oh forget about us - hey
everyone let's meet on the planet bring
your doom buggies and beer number 4b for
you sunk my starship
so everything shins on does to set up
his master plan makes no sense he wanted
Picard to take b4 home with them he also
wanted Picard himself I guess for the
blood transfusion although I never get
seem interested in doing it is
for the procedure let's begin the
procedure now so why did his initial
plan put both of those things in
jeopardy first of all why is before
scattered about in pieces the only
reason I can think of is to have Picard
and his friends find each piece one at a
time in order to make it look like this
is some kind of complex mystery plot
when it isn't
I guess maybe Shenzhen found them in
pieces and didn't know how to assemble
them but why scatter them all over the
place then why not just leave them in a
pile let's think about this for a moment
what happened last time they found an
android and pieces and assembled it are
you prepared for the kind of death you
burned little man Oh God why back off or
I'll turn your little man into a torch
the only person turning my little man
into a torch is my urologist so Shenzhen
apparently wanted them to assemble p4 so
that before could gather tactical
information on star flee and lure Picard
so how did Shinzon know they wouldn't
just dump the androids into a storage
bin and deal with it later or send it to
a Starbase for them to assemble in
research you think a guy who could build
a massive ship with a perfect cloak
could assemble a plastic Android that
fat guy with the beard did so why
couldn't he that were about a little
smarter to ensure that before did what
he was supposed to do so we've
established that shins on water Picard
to find the Android so why did he make
it so hard and dangerous to find I was
placed on a planet with dangerous ion
storms or something I provided them from
using their transporters I wouldn't
recommend using the transporter that ion
storm doesn't look very neighborly okay
it was also put on a planet right near a
bunch of aliens with machine guns that
shoot at everything but were those
Riemann's disguised as primitive aliens
with machine guns and tanks to make it
look like primitive aliens and machine
guns and tanks was shooting at them if
so why it's really hard to tell some
aliens kind of look like Riemann's
but I'm not sure I don't think they were
if there weren't Riemann's then why did
they put before on that planet right by
the mailings with machine guns that
could have killed Picard either thing
makes no sense I think the whole scene
was there so they could just have an
action chasing a Jeep really that's it
there's a fucking kindergartner right to
smoke number five her card the Argo and
a big fuck you to the audience it was
the first great gift that John Logan
gave me when data--and Wolfen God go
down to the alien world the God goes
along and we are given a futuristic
all-terrain vehicle to drive mentioned
in the behind the scenes that brent
Spiner is friend john local wrote the
script
hence the excessive brent Spiner screen
time and frankly I'm enough of a brent
Spiner fan that I like seeing him play
more than one person it's also mention
the Patrick Stewart likes cars and
driving and off-roading in real life and
he'd be more happy with the script if he
had a scene where he could drive a dune
buggy
I've always enjoyed driving I really
really enjoy driving and it's something
I think about and I try to remain
focused on all the time
referre Minh doesn't care about the Star
Trek legacy anymore
and he seems like some kind of idiot so
he didn't object so the result is the
dumbest sequence in Star Trek history a
dune buggy chase really no really this
is real this was actually filmed and put
in a Star Trek movie yes the enlightened
Captain Picard who loves playing flutes
drinking tea and reading Shakespeare
also loves redneck off-roading and
anything be more out of character so
you're telling me that the enterprise
has a support craft in which almost the
entire space Insider is devoted to
housing a vehicle that's less useful
than the craft that houses it a
shuttlecraft can fly around it can hover
land anywhere fly up into the air to
escape say other dune buggies to work in
the Argo to hold only three crew members
provide no protection from the elements
of alien world
provide no real storage capacity there's
unable to get around mountains rivers or
other natural barriers there's only one
compartment in the back that houses a
giant laser cannon only useful if you
happen to get into chasing with other
land-based vehicles
Jesus this thing reminds me of our
humanity or something now after doing
some research I found out that argo is a
trademarked brand that makes ATVs I
assume they're responsible for the
design or the creation of this thing but
I'm not really sure that it was named
after the mythical ship Argo but that
was the ship this is a dune buggy I
don't know nor do I really care what I
do know is that the only thing spinning
faster than those tires is Gene
Roddenberry in his great number six
Picard loses a bet apparently in his
academy days Picard had lost a bet done
although he was used to having a great
head of hair that the ladies loved he
agreed to take a smiling picture of
himself shortly after he lost the bet
and shaved his head after careful
analysis of this movie by a team from
the Hair Club for Men we have come up
with one of two possible explanations of
the picture that Picard lost a bet or
the filmmakers think the audience is
stupid I'm going with the learner I have
a feeling a conversation like this
happened so Picard's clone is just like
him then no let's burned on tomorrow so
he's younger then yeah but he's got to
be bald because if he's not bald than
the audience even if we tell them still
won't understand that he's Picard's
clone because Picard is the bald captain
if he's not bald then no one will
understand what's health care okay he's
bald so I'm willing to accept the fact
that Shinzon probably shaved his head to
look more like the Riemann's but why
does young Picard have a shaved head
well remember what Picard looked like
when he was a cadet he wasn't always
bald
remember that time when Picard's DNA got
reverted and he ended up like a child he
had hair even the young clone Picard had
hair additionally when dr. crusher has a
flashback to some time in the past when
Picard
little younger we see the last remnants
of his hairline now while these examples
are technically a curie creation a DNA
transporter accident and a nightmare
brought on by a telepath i still present
them as evidence to picard at male
pattern baldness that and he has a clear
crown line on the back of his head
so then why does this photo show a cadet
Picard that looks exactly like shins on
the answer is dating the audience is
stupid if this photo would look like
this a picture of a young Picard is a
cadet with hair I guess we're all
supposed to scratch our thick monkey
craniums and ask why is Picard staring
at a picture of some guy even though the
following dialogue with dr. crusher
explains what the photo is if the cadet
didn't look exactly like Shinzon we'd
all be confused really we're not that
dumb yeah this is kind of like if they
made a film or or even out of scene in a
film that featured Abraham Lincoln as a
boy they have them wearing a stovepipe
hat and a fake beard that's how dumb the
filmmakers think we are Alf about diet
listen I'm almost certain I'm going to
head it back on this slot machine are
just near a couple thousand more bucks I
promise I'm going to pay it back when I
won't pay Sun cast them to Trump Taj
Mahal Casino Hotel care of hairpin turn
go down part three
