May 6, 2009
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek First Contact Review (Part 3 of 4)
youtube.com/watch?v=Gz1PBiq-2OE
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-first-contact-review

part three four cards lack of concern
for his crew members keeping with the
subject to Picard being a complete
asshole in the movies I would always
think twice before serving under him on
the show you got a pretty good chance of
living sure you might get stuck in the
floor or maybe get shot in the belly you
could get killed by Nagila or you could
get killed by a tar monster
but in most situations Picard was highly
upset at the loss of even a single crew
member
as any normal captain would be we will
fight you in the movies he's reckless to
a level of being completely out of
character and most half of his crew die
and every movie let's take a look on
first contact here Picard says they
encounter Enterprise crew members who've
already been assimilated don't hesitate
to fire believe me you'll be doing in a
favor um okay
was it Picard rescued from being a Borg
and then completely rehabilitated same
with that guy that called Hugh or what
about seven of nine or them little kid
Borges on Voyager or those three Borges
from seven of nines unitard or those
other porks at Chakotay farm so it's
pretty obvious so after you've been
assimilated you can still go back but
Picard actually kills some guy halfway
through being converted I mean give him
a chance
this was ensign Lynch see this ain't the
same Picard from the shop
so dump a car unveils his brilliant plan
which is more reckless than trying to
off your wife in a dangerous car action
not that I would do such a thing
so he tells us crew yeah I believe our
goal should be to punch her one of the
plasma coolant tanks plasma coolant will
liquefy organic material on contact um
sir excuse me I have some questions so
you don't want us to fire an engineering
to avoid hitting the warp core okay that
makes sense but you want us to shoot at
the smaller harder to hit part that's
right next to it the problem is if we
begin firing particle weapons in
engineering there's a risk that we may
hit the warp core I believe our goal
should be to puncture one of the plasma
coolant tanks Oh Oh puncture it okay but
it seems like it's highly pressurized oh
my god you have like a 30-foot long pole
I could borrow cuz I don't want to stand
right next to it I mean I don't want to
be the guy that's got a puncture it cuz
I'll probably get my flesh melt
I've Sanchez do it on McGillicuddy I'll
be I'll be in the back supervising
plasma coolant will liquefy organic
material on contact wait wait sir sir
another question why is this part of the
engine that contains the flesh melting
gas even puncture a bull shouldn't it be
made of like solid titanium why are
there clear windows on this tube what if
the new guy like accidentally hit it
with a forklift jesus H Christ the
holodeck scene doesn't make any sense to
add variety to the movie's visuals
regarding Lola going to the holodeck to
capture a thing inside a Borg Scott that
tells them what they're doing now in
past episodes it's been established that
if you want to play games on the
holodeck you get dressed up in a costume
before you go in happen more times than
I could remember but one Picard and Lily
go into the holodeck the computer puts
clothes on them I have something in
Saturn
I highly doubt the Picard of the suit
and a dress they're waiting for them and
I don't think they took
time to change so of holograph the
clothes are projected onto them
wouldn't it be on top of their regular
clothes but we see Lily's arm at City
cleavage is that holographically
projected cleavage but then their faces
are their own faces right so shouldn't
our bodies look like this they should
have little heads and big bodies unless
they have holographic faces on top of
their regular faces that somehow mimic
their face movement listen I'm going to
go heat up some pizza rolls designed by
want any email me if you want a pizza
roll most of comment on this website if
you want pizza roll and I'll send you
one in the mail it's our old pizza rolls
it beats a roll number 14 a room with a
view so when lily has a phaser pointed
EPPICard he leads her into a little room
somewhere on the ship now after careful
analysis of this scene by a team of
engineers we've concluded that this room
and this window served no particular
function please bear with me while I
elaborate number one the only way to
access this room is to crawl through a
small hole in the wall they enter the
room through a small hole in the wall
but yet went inside the room there's a
control panel and you can stand up so
maybe Picard letter there secretly
because they were already in the
Jefferies tube and he wanted to show her
outer space and prove they were aboard a
spaceship but then after they become
friends they go to leave through the
same hole in the wall why didn't they
leave through a normal door because they
were hiding from the Borg you say wrong
because in the very next scene they are
brazenly walking around the hallways
again so apparently the only way in and
out of this room is through a hole in
the wall sucks to be the guy assigned to
work in that room retches knees hurt
part two the window has no logical
function window makes no sense to me
apparently it has two states of
functionality closed with the blast door
down and open where it has a force field
on
fortunately if you really think about it
neither function makes sense or has any
use okay my nigs dig this if it were
just a window and its purpose was just
to look out of then it would be a solid
state transparent aluminum window I
would not feel comfortable working day
in and day out next to a force field
window there any moment the ship could
suffer a power failure from any number
of reasons the my ass gets sucked out
the space correction sir that's blown
out that is a highly highly illogical
method of having windows so now we've
established that either state of being
of this window makes no sense so maybe
it's a force field thing where they use
force fields for you ask well they've
got one in the brig which is obviously
meant to be turned on and off to let
prisoners in and out and then you also
got a cargo bay that's a gigantic force
field and obviously the function of that
is to let things in and out large things
ships cargo ships cargo it's not a
humongous window to simply look out of
so tell me in a tiny room in the bottom
of the ship that you can only access
through a hole in the wall with no other
machinery inside or functionality other
than one control panel that is there
just to open the blast door what is
going in and out of this room the hole
is too small for a cargo bay
what could even fit through that window
email marijuana Peter roll
