Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Insurrection Review
June 10, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-insurrection-review/

star trek insurrection sucks my balls
Scott cheap styrofoam sets lame
production values and a budget smaller
than an episode of Alf but to be fair
it's not all terrible it is the only
movie of the franchise where Picard
isn't angry tired depressed or crying
and frak you could say that it's the
closest they ever got to capturing the
tone of the TV show on the big screen
but it was really more like a good
two-parter episode thing but that was
the problem because this is a movie now
first contact while it had a shitty
script
yeah good state of the art visual
effects that still look good today
insurrection special effects look on par
with Babylon 5 or a sci-fi Channel
original movie they also got the worst
costume designer in the quadrant a no
one went in an Oscar for the JC Penney
spring fashion look earthtones people
everyone wears earthtones
browns and beige and mother-of-pearl and
Browns and beiges and dark Browns and
light browns and browns and beige Browns
and beiges and dark Browns and light
Browns and browns and beige everyone's
gonna be wearing earth tones cuz they
live on a planet but anyway I mean the
movies okay but I don't know some felt
like they took a big step backwards
after first contact like they had this
movie already made it was in brick
Berman's closet he said hey let's
release this is the next movie why not
Jesus I spent more on my hair plugs than
they do on this movie
so let's brigant our number 1 nothing
makes sense about the plot again I'm
getting a little tired of these fucking
Star Trek movies not making any sense or
having the plots revolve around
convenience only they're for setting up
the plot and I'm thinking that we're too
stupid to notice this shit of the future
films that we've done
Star Trek insurrection undoubtedly is
the biggest let's talk about the set up
of this movie first of all why is data
part of the team observing some podunk
colony of people somewhere data is the
second officer and the operations guy on
the Federation flagship which has
apparently bogged down with so much shit
to do that they don't know where to
start I guess have arrived they need
this to mediate some territorial dispute
oh no ok so they need us to put out one
more brush fire we can't delay the
archeological expedition to the north
but instead he's quote on assignment now
this team of people and invisible
costumes are there to do what exactly
study the Baku right they didn't have
data there so we could use his technical
abilities to help them design and build
the hollow ship because that was a
secret and that's why I freaked out
because he started to figure out the
secret and then the guy shot him Dinah's
fail-safe brain mechanism made him go
run around like a crazy man to me data
is the last person you want anywhere
near a primitive society every single
time he's been involved in a mission
like this one it's always ended in some
kind of horrible disaster
what's wrong with you
radioactive what does that mean
that was the stun setting this is not I
only wish to help this is how you helped
us by bringing this plague I can reduce
this pumping station to a pile of debris
trying to kill us all
in human parlance I do not believe I can
get the job done my training has
prepared me for starship command duties
as a cultural contact I'm proving to be
less than exemplary so why would
Starfleet send an Android who still
doesn't really understand emotions or
culture to walk around and help study a
bunch of throwbacks making dough and
herding goats his emotion chip he didn't
take it with him so what function does
he serve there other than to
conveniently discover the plot that
would have gone on without a hitch if
they didn't have them there at all next
time
leave your Android home exactly number
two
block convenience equals movie sucks so
they try to shoot data's head off when
goes nuts
he eventually shoots a laser gun at the
secret observing base which is
conveniently located on a cliff with in
plain view of the Baku village so they
all could see it let's think about this
for just one moment why didn't they
locate this facility like 10 miles away
in the middle of nowhere in case they
had some kind of problem with the cloak
which is something that has actually
happened before they got sophisticated
cameras and monitoring equipment in the
future they really didn't need to have a
physical window to look out of did they
so this happened of course before in the
episode called who watches the Watchers
and that all made a lot more sense on
how they went about the whole spying
thing by the way this random episode of
the next generation is actually better
than all four movies combined so how did
they get that little base there anyway
according to Celine Dion the back who
have been there for 309 years you'd
think they would have noticed if the
rock face in their village was suddenly
changed well maybe they beamed up the
rocks beamed down the base in the middle
of the night and then projected a
holographic rocks on top of the base
that looked like the rocks of that beam
number three Picard's double-standard a
few years back TV show Picard
we'll call him Larry faced a similar
situation where he was forced by Admiral
bitch äôve to remove a bunch Indians
from a planet they gave to the
Cardassians on a treaty thing
what are these Indians refused to be
evacuated then your orders will be to
remove them by whatever means are
necessary so you got non-indigenous
groups of settlers and their presence on
the planet is the root of a problem so
Picard does his best to do the diplomacy
thing but after a while he's like I just
move the people or they're going to get
killed
move them by force if you need to Worf
it may be necessary to remove these
people by force but this time Wesley
Crusher tries to do his own insurrection
thing they're preparing to beam you away
and take you to their ship you're not
gonna let them do that are you
no and it gets shot down by Picard
inexcusable who defied the orders of the
ranking officer on the scene I'm about
to commit a direct violation of our
orders you put the lives of the entire
away team in jeopardy
take honor
and you made an already tense situation
worse what you're doing down there is
wrong frankly right now I don't care
these people are not some random group
of colonists they're a unique culture
with a history that predates the
Federation and Starfleet that does not
alter the fact that my orders I know
Admiral Nechayev gave you an order I'm
ordering you to the Goron system and she
was given an order from the Federation
Council I'm acting on orders from the
Federation Council but it's still wrong
that decision is not yours to make I
won't let you move the magnet but I will
tell you this while you wear that
uniform you will obey every order you
are given I'm also ordering the release
of the SONA officers and you will
conform to Starfleet regulations and
rules of conduct is that clear even when
the end result is providing billions of
people with life-saving radiation will
be able to use the regenerative
properties of this radiation to help
billions and needs of the many outweigh
it needs is a few in this new situation
without the Indians he now suddenly
wants to defy his orders and risk
everything to save white people III mean
save people he's grown attached to
I doubt Picard would have an
insurrection for this guy her TV show
Picard would have tried to convince the
Baku to leave I might have even called
him selfish pricks for hogging all the
radiation for themselves but there are
times when the greater good demands that
sittin
sacrifices are made the Indians actually
had more rights than the backu because
there were Federation citizens but what
the Indians didn't have is a mill that
wanted to sit on Picard's face and cock
tease them the whole time that I have
318 days of shore leave coming and but
hey at least he's going to get some on
shore leave I can teach that'll be the
next movie we'll call it Star Trek his
erection continued in part 2
