Dec 20, 2009
Phantom Menace Review Interview Outtakes
youtube.com/watch?v=KbFCM3vK7iY
redlettermedia.com/phantom-menace-review-interview-outtakes

so how are you today
I'm doing fine I am doing great today
okay I want to ask you just a couple
brief questions about Star Wars okay
without describing what the character
looks like what the character's role in
the movie is or their profession I want
you to describe the character of Han
Solo to someone who hasn't seen the
movie before or what they look like I
want you to describe qui-gon jinn boring
okay but don't say what he looks like
what he looks like what costume he wears
what he is like he's a smuggler no do
not mention those things okay you want
to describe him okay as a character on a
person like he's a friend of yours yeah
now we're gonna talk about Queen Amidala
necks describe her character well she
wears white makeup I just I just want to
know like I've asked now five people
yeah how they would describe these
characters cuz that's a big chunk of
this review is characters just like who
the people are yeah what the flaw of
that movie and I'm breaking down the
movie and why it's bad and and not
relating to those characters I can ask
you who the protagonist is which I
haven't asked anybody yet um that'd be
kind of a good one
I can't even say her name Amidala Oh
Amidala Queen Amidala uh is to me sort
of stoic and boring ah she cares for her
people
ish I don't clean ashy Queen Amidala is
Natalie Portman and in the in the second
one she she shows her midriff plain with
a lot of fake Oh
without using the word balled okay
black guy or Jedi we're gonna describe
mace windu okay he I guess they say he's
from bilious but he doesn't act that way
really at all well I guess he I don't
see here he's oh yeah I can't answer
that you know it chair do you want me to
actually like it because I genuinely
cannot think of anything to describe her
as is that is the goal like to get
people going like um what about um
obi-wan Kenobi um from from the Phantom
Menace right uh describing the character
of Princess Leia is that of the she is
the I suppose the reluctant damsel in
distress where she she is hoping she's
the character where she's she's hoping
to to free herself and free her own
people but she eventually has to be
rescued Princess Leia is kind of like
the smart one which obviously she's a
woman so it makes sense that she would
be the voice of reason and empathy she's
headstrong
she is over confident in herself and
under confident in those around her
I mean I think goes along with like that
having brains like she's not gonna wait
around she's just gonna like she's gonna
see the most logical and immediate
choice in the situation and make it
happen
Luke is very innocent Tucson is not uh
Lucas very heroic or Hans kind of
looking out for himself I guess you
could say Hannes selfish Luke is not
well so he starts out a country boy and
sort of literally from the country and
kind of come like has to come to terms
with the fact that like he has a purpose
within this this universe that is far
greater than himself you can you can say
like very sort of broad things about all
the characters like Luke's the farm boy
Obi Wan's the the old wizard you know
things like that but then they fill in
the blanks they flesh them out more and
make them real people and with Episode
one yeah it is like why gods the Jedi
Queen Amidala is the queen and then that
like that progresses to realizing like
his familial relationship to someone
that he identifies as truly evil if it
was like like Han Solo the the thief
with the heart of gold and she's the
bitch with the heart of gold right it's
cool for him but for her she's just a
cunt uh his whole sort of journey is
really like a quest of discovery to make
sense of his purpose I don't mean to put
you on the spot no you um definitely do
this exactly what you're doing um so you
can't remember the character you can't
remember the character of qui-gon jinn
at all wonders last time you saw the
film I i watched it yesterday I have no
idea where this is going a challenge can
you describe the difference between
obi-wan and qui-gon
I want one of them's taller I think um
one last question can you explain the
difference between obi-wan Kenobi and
qui-gon jinn other than Padawan master
in Phantom Menace they just Infanta - no
they didn't even open this for you sir I
said quiet
watch your mouth or you're gonna get a
beating again
