Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Insurrection Review (Part 4 of 4)
June 10, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-insurrection-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmUzoIENIXc, https://twitter.com/LudwigK/status/2761979086

part four number nine symphony of stupid
ants erection is a symphony of stupid
it's like Beethoven's Symphony number 5
but for below-average hollywood act job
filmmakers and producers the day of
reckoning is here I'm like Sinead
O'Connor and you're like a picture of
the Pope prepare to get torn up so if
Picard is entire senior staff are
rebelling and Riker is technically
disobeying orders no uniform no orders
open hailing frequencies stand ready to
initiate transporter code 14 at my
signal you have your orders commander
and I expect you to follow them captain
now that I look at another sunrise no
shut up I'm talking and also commanding
the enterprise while disobeying orders
then why not use the resources of the
enterprise to move the Baku quickly they
could bring all 600 people from the town
to right outside of the caves using all
the transporters in like 23 seconds then
I could have them all hide in the caves
and the enterprise could hightail it out
of the briar patch are at the very
fucking least if you're taking down the
captain's yacht and use that ship to
help on the surface while you're
evacuating people data can fly it around
extend the shields use it to shoot
tachyon things around to interfere with
their transporters he can fire at the
isolinear tagged drones and so on
couldn't hurt
on that note where did they leave the
captain's yacht was a back in town does
that mean data ran all the way back to
town to get it in order to take it up
into space what person aboard at the
Android
he's now threatened um her love goal
remember in the beginning of the movie
asleep any droid is to in dangerously
violent captain the Android has been
nothing but the biggest problem to you
ever
must be destroyed he's no threat also
how and when did the hollow ship end up
in space so that instead of some time
wasting complex plan involving tricking
rofl into thinking he was on his own
bridge deploying the collector why
didn't data just blow up the collector
he had access to a ship so why not fly
it around to the other side of the
planet approached a collector from
behind and blammo follows all so chef
boyardee realizes she's been duped by
per card then he figures out a way to
beam over to a collector and so does
Picard
but neither beam over with some of their
homies is back up roof allows goal is to
turn on the collector manually the cards
goal is to activate the collectors
self-destruct is their self-destruct
it's but without the codes it would have
to be activated at the upper control
Nate ryx on the collective now this all
ends up being very helpful to Picard but
why did the SONA design the collector
with the self-destruct on it in the
first place I'm going to see a starship
needing a self-destruct function for a
whole mess of reasons
but this collector is there very complex
piece of technology that they built to
help ensure the preservation of their
race at the very least it should have
extra shielding and a ton of failsafe
systems to prevent anything from
damaging it does the Hubble Space
Telescope of a self destruct honor
what about Fermilab or Bambi's 97 Ford
Escort does everything and Star Trek
have a self-destruct on it so Picard
enroll fight each other on a set with
the blue screen background that didn't
quite work out so they just left it
Picard and river trade action movie
cliches waffle we're getting too old for
this times up and rebel doesn't shoot
Picard in the back when he has the
chance to even though he had no problems
with killing Admiral Dougherty a few
hours earlier I no doubt he will not be
joining us for dinner and no roofer
didn't know that he could ignite the gas
that's why I didn't fire because I'm
Picard tells I'm Akana makes us oh oh
shit you're right kind of face
so Riker finally gets back from the
battle and from sending a message to
Starfleet he arrives just in the nick of
time from what was before a 2-day long
trip to the edge of the briar patch
still 36 minutes from transmission range
sir but now he's back and flying into a
whole new situation there used their
scanners and see that Worf is on the
Soner ship with the backroom sensors are
reading over 100
on board and one Klingon so I guess
these weird aliens are also back ooh ha
hey check your sensors honey-pie
or maybe I could check your sensors for
you
that's right hey baby
looks like you're a true maybe I could
put my worm inside you ha ha wait a
minute maybe she just didn't mention the
moogle or or the wot new or the plug no
see it cuz she didn't think it was
pertinent information what are the
things that you're keeping from me are
you lying to me
this relationship is over but anyways
you see that all I even talk with Worf
until after the collector blows up sir
rooo off of ship is hailing us on screen
captain the SONA crew would like to
negotiate a ceasefire so Riker doesn't
really know what's going on he does know
Picard is on the collector may need a
lift in a minute or so we're on our way
and according to dr. crusher a scan of a
Sona comes back as a Baku as so it
should and they've shown that they could
scan and pick up Baku life signs on the
ship
sensors are reading over 100 Baku on
board wouldn't they have shown that
Picard and a Baku or on the collector
then plus Riker didn't know that the
Baku and the SONA are the same race that
was revealed when he was gone
sewn on the back over the same race so
when the collector is blowing up the
enterprise beams up only Picard and
leaves the roof Laurel to die for now
this is an early Starfleet's way if
anything Star Trek was always about
doing what's right no I won't kill you
even offering a hand to your enemy and
they've done nothing but try to kill you
give your hand but now I guess this is
action slaw and it's okay to let the bad
guy die horribly the scary part is is
that Ryker wasn't exactly 100% sure what
was happening over there it could have
been entirely possible the rueful
realized the error of his ways and
decided to help Picard shut down the
collector maybe Picard made some kind of
tear-jerking speech too awful about how
the back who are really his family and
then maybe ro offal changed his mind or
it could have been just some Baku guy
helping Picard point as Riker didn't
know for sure cuz he hadn't yet got the
story from Worf heck rofl could have
even had a change of heart while on the
collector things could have easily gone
like this just in the nick of time like
always number one
where's Rafa where's Rafa
oh we just beamed you up what do you
mean well we just beamed you up sir you
left him on the collector well we
thought you were doing the you know the
end of the action movie thing with the
bad guy you know where you fight on the
top of an exploding building and say
cliche lines like we're getting too old
for this oh no it wasn't like that at
all
Rafa was helping me shut down the
collector he was looking forward to
rejoining the Baku and seeing his dear
mother again I did the whole convincing
speech thing oh well this is awkward
oh don't worry about it number one I
know what will make it all better pizza
rolls
a malware flaw pre-civil most Akama on
this webpage or if you want a preacher
and all such a whiner in the marrow
yay he finally changed his fucking
outfit
