Jun 10, 2009
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Insurrection Review (Part 3 of 4)
youtube.com/watch?v=zVeXdhADrmI
twitter.com/LudwigK/status/2761979086
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-insurrection-review

part three number seven strange
bedfellows the main villain and
insurrections a guy named raffle who's
played by Candice Bergman a waffle and
the rest of the SONA well they used to
be back ooh a century ago a group of our
young people wanted up I'm talking but
my real question is where is the Admiral
ship that's our ship that's your ship
that's the ship that all the Federation
people came on a little shuttle pebbles
always travel round in style on big
Federation ships the very least in
Excelsior class but this situation
requires even more attention because
we're dealing with a truly priceless
advancement in technology and we're also
working with a really sketchy alien race
that look like monsters and they got
five huge powerful warships what's to
stop them from just killing all the
Federation people taking the goods and
leaving a couple of ships on our side
would strengthen our hand a little in
preventing that but a starship or two
there would mess up the plot does anyone
even think about the details of the
movie before they make it I honestly
don't think that anybody really cared
about what movie they were making at all
I think they're all just glad to be
working glad to be working just glad to
be working glad to be working just glad
to be working really just glad to be
working glad to still be working glad to
be working glad to not be dead really
glad to be working number eight things
continue to keep not making sense
why is Geordi at the Conn station
shouldn't he be at the engineering
station or an engineering fuck you
that's late supper card and warfare on a
shuttle and Picard tries to make a
connection with data by singing a play
they were rehearsing earlier now he's on
some random shuttlecraft and by pressing
just two buttons he's able to bring up
the play HMS pinafore how does a two
button command
bring up such a specific thing on a
computer screen now in normal operations
when doing a pretty basic task it seems
like they always press a million buttons
even when nothing is going on they're
pressing buttons so how was the reunion
well pressing two buttons brings up an
obscure play even pressing two buttons
on the SONA ship secures the bridge
secure the bridge good thing he didn't
hit the wrong second button he could
have brought up a sing-along play so the
first time we see that guy he's wearing
that outfit that night he's still
wearing that outfit and then the
following day he's still wearing that
outfit hey asshole got some new clothes
back to one Wharf and Picardo flying on
the sky somehow damage to the shuttle
causes a nozzle to turn on in the
background and begin spraying out a
benign white smoke into the cabin like
they were on the set of a cheap science
fiction movie work then goes to the back
of the cabin to press a button to shut
off the nozzle soon after he gets back
the shuttle starts spinning round and
round but for some reason they don't fly
out of their seats and get thrown about
all over the cabin even though they're
not wearing seat belts what's holding
them there centrifugal force well
they're not spinning fast enough some
kind of gravity thing or inertial
dampeners wrong because people fly out
of the chairs all the time in Star Trek
so why aren't they bouncing around the
cabin breaking all their bones and
suffering horrible injuries alway
because it's not part of the law so that
back oof it admits to trying to fix data
there was a phase variance in his
positronic matrix which we were unable
to repair but with what tools I thought
they were ejected technology or do they
have some kind of secret area filled
with technological equipment they need
when they're dumb Amish philosophy fails
them in this next scene when there's an
explosion some stuntmen are pulled off a
bridge at the same time by invisible
cables now this has never explained any
time during the film why was this cable
system in place and more importantly why
were some stuntmen there disguised his
back
and why were they practicing this movie
stunt during a town emergency they
should have been helping people escape
and not rehearsing for their gig at
Universal Studios at night on the
backhoe planet things look so scenic and
well lit but we don't see any artificial
lights on the home and I didn't see a
moon anywhere so where's all that light
coming from even if there was a moon and
a Sun just like Earth how is it shining
and reflecting earth like lighting
conditions when there's all that fucking
red gas everywhere it's because they
just filmed in California and didn't
bother with making this planet look
truly alien fuck you Rick Berman
fuck you you lazy ass motherfucker have
you ever experienced a perfect moment in
time perfect moment one time seemed to
stop then you could almost live in that
moment seeing my home planet from space
continued in part four
