Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Nemesis Review (part 4 of 4)
August 13, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-nemesis-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi5mj6-CUiY

number ten other things happen I guess
is no foreseeable danger so there's this
weird planet near the Romulan border
which has suspicious positronic
signatures on it dangerous ion storms
and an undeveloped culture of monsters
with tanks and machine guns
there's no foreseeable danger this
really looks like a trap to me sir so we
see that Captain Janeway has been
promoted to Admiral shouldn't she be in
a prison while I'm overriding those
protocols an alliance with the Borg more
like in exchange we offer them a way to
defeat their new enemy we get safe
passage through their space you're
forgetting the temporal prime directive
kept the hell with it
diplomacy captain your diplomacy
destroyed my world for the duration of
this mission the prime directive is
rescinded your hands your eyes are the
same as mine no they're not Burkhart is
an artificial heart initiate the force
beam excuse me sir I have a question
what's the point of that force field do
you really think it's gonna contain a
warp core breach how about you put that
force field around the tubes with the
flesh melting gasps oh my god you know
the first thing that's going to happen
when we get hit is that force field is
going to go offline oh there goes so if
the riemann's built the Scimitar
why don't they design the buttons to be
a little easier to press for large
monster hands with huge fingernails so
Picard tries to activate the
self-destruct but it's offline
Kru yep guess we can't blow the ship up
oh well I won't tell anyone that you
could have just fired a phaser at the
warp core your secret is safe with me
I'm a coward - so the riemann's were
bred for combat hey no one really
thought about aiming their weapons
though did they
so when masters beam over to the
enterprise
the card gives Riker the order to go
ahead and stop them really the first
officer she ought to have a security
force that can do that kind of work
Riker should be on the bridge in case he
needs to take command in place of Picard
there are no why one because the script
needed something for Riker to do and
when a main character is set off to have
a pointless fight with a monster to give
him something to do there are problems
shall have another rewrite
number eleven the ending so I only seen
all this crap before it's kind of like
slightly different deploy the collector
definitely the weapon or manic you up
street fun time you put some distance
with remote link lifetime well I'm
separation you'll see them by accident
weapons fire could ignite the exhaust
separation in 2 minutes and 15 seconds
four minutes and firing sequence
so we're going to team up with the fleet
of starships to take on shins on that's
good that makes sense
but instead of telling them hey guys
we'll meet halfway okay keep your eye
out for us the card goes to them and
they pull out a course through a giant
green nebula that data apparently knows
will muffle their communications gee
what a great place for an ambush
then the fleet just sits there hey
where's Picard I don't know we lost
contact with them after they entered
that giant green nebula
the Romulans broad figured out where
they were and she was in Romulus should
even know where her car was headed to
either she just found them in the green
nebula yeah so let's get to a battle at
the end even though I don't read the
script I her feeling that Picard was
going to face off with shins on
something was going to blow up at least
they didn't say times up let's talk
about this ending after shooting at each
other for two hours both ships are out
of ammo we've exhausted our complement
of photon torpedoes just look to signal
functional one sir her card Rams the
enterprise and dish ins on ship but that
still doesn't stop them from turning on
a death ray
they only have enough power to beam over
one person of course
Picard goes over for movie purposes
let's think about this for a second
all part of the responsibility of being
a commander and Starfleet means that
sometimes you might have to order
someone to their death the car really
should have sent over Worf give him a
bat lift and some phasers and a knife
and so Worf kill everything you see and
shut down that green thing before it
kills everyone you're not going to make
it back but you're going to save the
ship and Earth Z Worf loves fighting
monsters and he would love to die in
battle to died if any one ship is a hope
of ever going on instead a 65 year old
man with arthritis goes Picard risks the
safety of the earth and his crew because
its existence is something I have to do
something he needs to do now remember
when Picard got his ass handed to him by
Malcolm MacDonald right old Shore
elderly man kicked the shit out of him
so why he's gonna go up against 26
Riemann's that to me was a bonehead move
as a commander but this is an action
movie and the main character has to face
off with the bad guy at the end I might
remind you though that in Star Trek 2
the Wrath of Khan Kirk was never on
screen with comm they never felt like
they had to have Kirk beam over to the
reliant to fight with Khan then set the
Reliant to Otto distraught see every
movie doesn't have to be the same so
anyways let's talk about what happened
Picard beams over shoots people to shoot
back Shinzon makes weird faces they
fight their way up to the green thing
they fall down Picard loses his phaser
data floats over Shenzhen gets impaled
uses like a transporter thing to get
Picard off the shift and close himself
up and yeah it's time for my chicken
tenders I'll be back mmm-hmm absent
friends
to have some friends so what happened to
all of our beloved characters
well Picard stayed on his captain date
is dead of course
Riker took command of the Titan and
brought Troy with them then they both
died in a transporter accident Beverly
Crusher committed suicide Worf became a
spokesperson for Weight Watchers or wano
he became a Klingon governor Geordi
LaForge became an old man or something
oh wait that timeline didn't happen
no Jory LaForge became the captain of
the USS challenger this is captain look
forward to the starship Challenger and
then oh wait no that timeline didn't
happen either
wait none of this happened they're
emailing me if you want a pizza room
post a comment on this web page if you
want a pizza roll
