Behind the Scenes: Mr. Plinkettâ€™s Star Wars Episode III review (1 of 2)
December 31, 2010
redlettermedia.com/behind-the-scenes-mr-plinketts-star-wars-episode-iii-review/, youtube.com/watch?v=q7eJzMW3o1A

okay so what are we doing here we got a
jib yes alright let's test it out okay
testing out the jib turn down here the
stunts to lean a bit oh yeah can we just
hit record no no just turn it on yeah
there's this shot that looks good yeah
tell me tell me about what we're gonna
shoot here right now we're doing a
teaser trailer type thing isn't that
right yes for Revenge of the Sith review
ah and mr. Plunkett dude how often do
you get stopped on the street for for
being the the hooker in the blanket you
know what I don't ever but it was kind
of funny because when I was buying this
costume hmm I was getting like the
little body suit thing looks like it's a
one-piece okay
and it was at halloween Express oh
Greendale oh and the nice thing about is
the lady she's really cute young girl
with like red hair she's like can I show
you around because it's like this huge
warehouse tons of wigs and anything you
could ever want for Halloween and it's
like yeah I just need a body so she took
me around and showed me how much stuff I
tried on the stuff she's like yeah that
works great looks good and then she's
like what is your doing a film tomorrow
what is that far and I was like well
have you seen the Star Wars videos on
YouTube buuuut she's like yeah and I'm
like I'm the girl in the basement she's
like shut the fuck up
she thought it was really cool yeah so
the girl who sold me the body suit for
the costume is Lincoln she's a fan
so I thought that was kind of cool Oh
all this is our high-tech lighting rig
it looks like a tiny light on top of a
tiny camera I know what it looks like
I'm just letting you know that's
powerful
yeah let's yeah this this little lights
amazing now that's actually that is
really frightening
um how did you get into character to
stand there um well I did put on my
lipstick yeah and um looks good that
only helps me because my face is not in
the shop so that numb this really really
makes a difference for for how I how I
got myself into the moment for this
character for this moment when test
nice ok another wind test you guys can't
see that is Mike flapping a cardboard
piece of box well it's mighty big
Hollywood films waste so much money and
most giant like fans all they need is a
piece of car probably what is so fucked
up
so we are here Jay where are we all
right now we are at bucket works in
Milwaukee Wisconsin that's where we are
shooting the sequence and it says what
would you call this place that's other
artists can come here and work on their
projects what is being worked on right
now while we're shooting is puppets for
Night of the Living Dead the puppet show
very excited about this I don't want to
mess up the puppets but these poets
Night of the Living Dead the puppet show
does that camera take good pictures on
the light there we go attention
I think it's top comes out he sees bring
yeah oh that's cool pretty cool those
kind of scary yeah looks like a burn
victim
we're giving a plug for these people
even though we don't know them at all we
just lie I endorsed their endeavour so
you've never met these people I don't
know who these people are but I'm gonna
go to it
yes basic a smooth rich taste yeah
you're like the shittiest signals like
basics preferred by prostitutes
everywhere that is just a sparkler
attached to a machete we're going to
tell if this is initial idea a tape here
and a burn down that's the Hollywood of
faggots that's how that's how they do it
for sparking the sword again still
that's how big movies do it right that's
a fact
what do you want nobody give me some
predictions I'm not a likelihood of this
working um well as we always say
whenever we attempt any service special
effects there's not many ways that this
can go right so that's a good job well
the great thing about is that you see
the wall on the left side and on the
right side you see the machete
oh so it's always good to to shoot um
what you want people is what you want
people to see I'm here any yeah I'm so
I'm not shot right now I'm just gonna do
this instead okay
all right your own time off
all right oh yeah this is so John oh
that didn't look bad no I've had my work
that actually looks kind of good that's
a little cooler in slow-mo where
everything looks cooler in slow-mo I'm
not good with continuity says I've never
seen the room I've never watched any of
them why would I why would anyone really
it's but you mean you you shoot you
shoot oh let's get the live-action stuff
just because it's the only time I get
out of the house but pretty close
I'm not gonna watch this crap okay rum
spread ready do you have a kind of a I
would say we just go through the whole
process just grab her start grabbing
shots we have it in here this is your
suit
he came to your imagination
