Jan 31, 2010
Mr. Plinkett's Avatar Review (Part 2 of 2)
youtube.com/watch?v=dLzKwTcGO_0
twitter.com/slashfilm/status/8471987719
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-avatar-review

part two so at this point we all love
the Navi right and we especially loved
the girl Navi even though she's painted
up all blue man group and looks like a
gremlin in drag but I digress I tapped
that blue business and it might even get
all riled up to fight back at those
jag-offs to knock down my Christmas tree
and that my even bigger tree that's my
home so ask yourself how would all this
have played out if the Navi just
happened to look like this or like Oh
God what are they wearing well what if
the Navi just happened to be Garbage
Pail Kids you know maybe wearing
loincloths oh cool
or it'll spark from my own mouth
ugliness is not in a mirror ugliness is
cruelty meanness of spirit greed to be
blessed with unusual features is an
adventure you know that jacket makes you
look older
come on kids take a shot show them what
we really
so what does marine have found his inner
conscience and decided to help this
unique culture if they weren't perfect
golf material you see when you break all
this shit down to the elements you could
see the inner workings and how people
can be tricked by the magic of cinema
it's a world more fantastical than
Pandora next a guy named William Shatner
once said what's in a name an avatar
apparently a lot now if you take this
movies running theme with really obvious
and silly words like unobtainium and
Pandora and then you take the word Navi
and you give it like a vide your
treatment you know you move this and add
that and then you got a whole new word
naive this is either referring to the
simple Navi culture or considering the
fact that it's kind of in code it might
refer to something else I'm sorry to
break the news to people now get out
your wallets number four what was the
ultimate point of this movie well if you
ask me it all seems pretty clear I think
James Cameron wanted to accomplish two
tasks here one to further solidify his
status as king of the world and the box
office and two to push George Lucas
aside and become the real guy whose
revolutionising filmmaking technology by
doing all this 3d crap I think the last
thing on his list was to tell an
original story you see he actually has
passion for the ocean and history and
things like that and I think he really
wanted to tell the story of Titanic in
his own way with avatar just get some
kind of creepy vibe that it's some kind
of ego driven technological reason
behind
I mean you could compare avatar to the
story of Dances with Wolves until you're
blue in the face but I think there's
something else going on here I think the
actual thought process was hmm what if I
mixed Titanic with aliens people like
Space Marines and love right so people
say to me that avatar wasn't supposed to
be about the plot it was about feeling
the experience of being on Pandora
oh is that what all this 3d shit is
gonna turn movies into like theme park
rides like I probably wouldn't bitch
about the plot to the Star Trek
experience or Jurassic Park the ride cuz
it's like a ride like you know Pirates
of the Caribbean shit that's been in 3d
for 40 years
so why was an avatar summer release well
if you'll remember Titanic was slated to
be released in the summer of 97 but it
was pushed back to the winter time how
do I remember this I don't know I just
do I think I remember seeing
advertisements for oh wait hey wait I
could prove it to you I happen to still
have an old Titanic promotional popcorn
container from before the movie came out
it's our in my basement or we go find it
so I could show you it here we are in my
basement again I know I got that popcorn
tub around here somewhere maybe it's up
on my shelf hey there it is you see at
some point so chanock was supposed to
come out in the summertime colored with
destiny yeah why do I still have this
what's in it so do you think James
Cameron's motivation was to recreate the
conditions of Titanic's box office
success in both the movies story and the
release date well let's see
I guess he learned from Titanic that
releasing a blockbuster summer movie in
the winter has its own advantages not
much competition from other movies and
people got less to do in the winter time
this leads to repeat viewings
I predict winter time will be the new
summer time for big movies after this
number 5 in conclusion so you're
probably wondering what I thought of the
actual movie though well I didn't hate
it it had really impressive visual
effects neat technology and weapons and
some good performances it had it's cool
moments early on but towards the end it
started to get like stupid geez I don't
think I've rolled my eyes that much
since I had that demonic possession a
lot of stupid things started to happen
at the end the fact that the robot armor
suit thing had a comically large knife
and he got that woman with the Navi war
paint on her face and on her helicopter
and then like did he just say shock and
awe and then something about terrorism
oh I get it
that's topical right right and then and
then he says that's how you scatter the
cockroaches and then he says let's wipe
out this civilization so I could get
back to base and eat raw meat oh I get
it he's a bad guy isn't he I think
that's it really I just had a hard time
getting past how manipulative and simple
the story was despite being really
amazing visually to Navi were a little
too perfect and harmonious for a
primitive culture and the military was a
little too simplistic and destructive
for an advanced culture there wasn't
like a middle ground to see the ultimate
irony with the Avatar is that for all
the time and money spent to make this
movie in 3d the story and the characters
were still stuck in one dimension lastly
for those people suffering from
depression because pandora is not a real
place you need to really get your
fucking head out of your ass you've been
played by a Hollywood snake oil salesman
for the cash in your wallet you fools
take your Prozac and get back in the
Oh whoo hey do you think James Cameron
is gonna donate the huge profits made
from the technological advancements of
this film to some beautiful indigenous
African tribe yeah probably not
I'd only watch this movie once for
fuck's sake you want them to make more
oh please don't visit my web so I didn't
mean to do it I only got six pizza rolls
left if you want one send me a certified
letter in the mail
