Jan 15, 2011
Episode 3 Review is now up...
youtube.com/watch?v=jTpWzg4aiEU
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/26287380323368961
redlettermedia.com/episode-3-review-is-now-up

war is not right here hey it's on my
website now well learn media.com good I
will watch it soon but now where is the
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the
Crystal Skull right here like it's on my
website now at Red Rover Mediacom what
about the last that's done - it's right
here
it's on my webs on right now bullshit
you did not make all those reviews over
lady wearing - go there and find out
asshole
lamb is right here watch on my webs all
right was not going to ask for you on
that hour for sooner go only I can do
that
what would you just go whirl whirl I
have prepared a 108 page response to
your so-called Phantom Menace with you
where what I shall now read it aloud
chapter 1 paragraph 1 if you didn't like
the Star Wars prequels then you're
stupid pants please stop you simply just
don't understand the complexity of what
happened in the field what I will
refrain from explaining the complexity
because it is so complex and technical
that you do not need to understand it to
enjoy it oh god topper it is like a
the game of chess where both players
don't know how to play chess just don't
get it do you
I'm afraid it is you who don't get it
your opinion is wrong and mine is right
please just learn and play
