May 5, 2014
Red Letter Media is on Patreon!
youtube.com/watch?v=ZZM6OGk22bA
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/463443449417453568
redlettermedia.com/page/4/?s=behind

hey everyone it's me mr. Plinkett and
I'm here to tell you the rule of medias
got something new for you it's a patreon
account or page something like that what
is a patreon you ask I don't know
somebody tell me hello uh-huh oh it's over 
oh really 
you've got to be kidding me
so on this part room you can choose
choose to donate to help brother loves a
movie and make their stuff you know make
it better make it faster especially my
reviews I'm working on one right now and
it's taking forever a $2.00 a month
pledge will get you access to private
posts by the media gang including
updates on what they're working on
comments on current movies and whatever
else they feel like posted $5 will get
to whatever 2 bucks gets you plus
behind-the-scenes photos and graphics
and stuff like that and for 15 a month
you get exclusive never-before-seen
video content behind the scenes
leftovers outtakes weird stuff like that
mr. blanket smells like a soiled
mattress that's been soiled on by
another mattress it's like a
subscription that's voluntary you know
to keep those rare letter median clowns
doing what they're doing only faster and
more intense you don't have to do it do
whatever you want I don't care oh my god
I have to go now my cats trying to take
a dump in my pasta fazool
