December 26, 2016
Mr. Plinkett Talks About Rogue One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJgfxlgUIZY
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinkett-talks-about-rogue-one
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/813392253817331715

Well, hello.
It's me, Mr. Plinkett.
I'd like to talk very briefly about Disney's
Marvel's Star Wars rogue one a Star Wars
story by Disney conglomerate corporation
there's been a lot of discussion on this
movie recently some say it's the worst
thing since the prequels while others
say it's the best Star Wars movie ever
because it's got the best action and the
most explosions here's the thing about
opinions they're all wrong unless
they're mine on that note let's discuss
shall we
and filmmaking there's a concept called
the triangle of truth this idea includes
three things fast cheap and good the
idea goes that you can't have all three
you can make it fast and cheap but it's
not going to be good and you can make it
good and fast but it's not going to be
cheap and so on you got the idea I hope
I'm going to apply a similar concept to
a Star Wars movie
so my triangle will include these items
character's story and emotion these are
more check marks rather than a
triangular formula but just stick with
me for a minute I'll explain it as
you'll soon see certain films can
include all three the original Star Wars
trilogy succeeded so well because they
had all the marks humor and action is
essentially this you can just eat the
icing on the cake which is tasty but
you'll get real fat you'll get cavities
and your teeth will rot out and after
eating too much you'll start to get sick
of it and a nice soft cake to balance it
all out just like the force all this as
the fourth will to remember the force
let's take a look at the force awakens
now I hear two out of three marks you
made it possible our characters have
some likeable qualities today your
celluloid that was precious moments that
made them feel like real people which
helped us connect
we root it for them we felt for them and
we suffered with them thus we had an
emotional connection when shit hit the
fan if the force awakens' didn't retread
a New Hope's plotted get a big Chuck
mark right here but it did and I don't
think I need to go into this any further
now let's look at rogue one let's just
get this over with shall we
god no Chuck marks from me yes
rogue one had humor here's the twenty
six percent chance of failure we're
close we're close I know that well now
there's a 35% chance I know some of the
best most awesomest Star Wars explosions
ever but it received no Chuck marks from
me for obvious reasons what chance do we
have the question is what truth
you get away to attend this table with
this much power and you condemn the
galaxy to an eternity of submission now
let's compare two scenes are you ready
this is a scene from rogue one casseon
and orange in earth so have a shootout
with stormtroopers in some kind of city
very great ha pretty exciting
now here's a similar scene from a new
hope there's one difference between
these two scenes one contains characters
we actually like check it out that way
looks like you managed to cut our only
escape route maybe you'd like it back in
yourself your highness hear them saying
things to each other we understand their
perspectives it's like we know them we
like them now here's my Reata when you
have a movie written with unlikable
characters who have nothing to say
now characters we like it's really just
people fighting with stormtroopers and
finally context without the Star Wars IP
and familiar things
imagine rogue one is a movie called
people trying to get plans for a super
weapon these characters would just be
generic science fiction characters this
guy would be talking about some kind of
mystical thing we never get to see and
we're just told what it is sort of may
the force be with us
the force then these things would
probably just look like this generic
science fiction machines or robots or
weapons we ask ourselves who's in charge
who's our main bad guy is it that guy is
it this other guy is that that weird guy
in a Halloween costume why are these two
guys mucking up the story are hard to
hack did that one guy in the giant
plastic helmet choke that other guy like
that
nobody told me the force is what gives a
Jedi his path it's an energy field
created by all living things
and finally without contacts the whole
movie is basically that these guys have
a thing that could do this these people
aren't going to try and stop the thing
you're just going to get the plans to do
it later after the movie is over at the
end of the film we'd ask ourselves oh
well they didn't stop that thing and
everyone died this doesn't feel like an
ending also we'd ask ourselves why the
dad didn't just tell Jen his daughter
that all they needed to do shoot a
proton torpedo in the exhaust port you
know the one at the end of the trench
you really need to steal the complicated
plans just to tell somebody that in the
end without relying heavily on context
you just have a sci-fi movie without a
satisfying ending but confusing
motivations uninteresting characters and
no emotional investment my porn is just
go ahead and eat all that icing don't
worry you won't get diabetes try not to
get too much of it in your beards
