Mr. Plinkettâ€™s Star Trek Generations Review (3 of 3)
December 12, 2008
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-trek-generations-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zqb9q3c1Pxo

part three captain kirk's roll at the
end Captain Kirk is probably the best
captain in all of Starfleet history but
his function at the end of generations
is not to put all of his years of
experience to work while him and Picard
to some kind of awesome Star Trek thing
but it's mainly just to help Picard
punch the bad guy just who the hell are
you
he's James T cook all Picard really
needed was just an extra hand
in fact moments earlier he asked Guinan
to come back and help him I need help
now if you would have come back with me
together we leave so james t kirk is a
replacement for Guinan can you imagine
kind and running around on the bridge
punching Malcolm MacDonald there anyway
guy ons like I'm a ghost I can't help
but I know someone who can his name's
Kirk so you got james t kirk and you
know huh thank you gee I wish I had
something more exciting for him to do
other than punch an old guy you got any
other people you know in here is there a
Home Depot in here I can get me a
handful of day laborers to help hold
down Sauron while I shut his rocket
hearted Sauron kidnapped Geordi the only
reason I could see why Sauron kidnapped
Geordi was that he had some kind of
passing interest in his visor he
couldn't have possibly been thinking
about putting a camera on the visor and
seeing the enterprise of shield
frequencies so that the Klingons could
shoot down the ship eventually in fact
they weren't even expecting the arm
price to find them because they were
cloaked the only other reason why kidnap
Geordi was maybe wanted to help him get
back to his roots
uh-uh but seriously in the scenic he
comes into the room he's got Geordi
shirt off some reason then he asks them
to tell him about trilithium I want to
listen to everything you know about try
what else could soar I need to know
about trilithium he's already built his
rocket it's on the planet waiting to be
used
he already blew up the one son Bentley
already knows about trilithium and what
does Jordi have to tell them more about
trial of real moons doesn't already know
maybe he wanted to know what they knew
about his experiments Worf hora de nuit
Irma Miriam was they were scanning for
signature particles of a compound called
trilithium trilithium yes an
experimental compound the Romulans have
been working on trilithium is a nuclear
inhibitor seem pretty common knowledge
and Sauron saw Guinan in the lounge and
she knew about the nexus those kind of a
question of if they were gonna put two
and two together not really how much
Geordi knew another thing to kidnapping
the chief engineer on a starship is uh
not a good idea it's just gonna
guarantee that they're gonna come after
you why can't they scan Veridian 3 what
kind of stupid is this any luck is the
war no sir
I still could up locate the captain the
lame-o excuse they use for not being
able to locate where Picard beam down to
is this the sensors can't penetrate the
planets ionosphere is too much
interference what is an ionosphere
I mean sometimes they have trouble
scanning planets that have crazy
thunderstorm atmospheres but this is a
Class M planet with clear skies how come
the scanners don't work maybe then you
send down a couple of shuttles through
the ionosphere and you scan around their
captain is down on the planet with a
crazy person you think they'd try some
things to find the Kirk it's buried
under rocks moments before Picard is
rescued he buries Kirk's body under
rocks he could have said I got the body
at james t kirk here you should be him
up too and we could give him a proper
burial instead he's buried above ground
under a pile of rocks it's only a matter
of time before the animals get to her
card finds his photo album now we all
hate Picard's photo album last time we
saw it he was in his quarters with Troy
and then the Sun exploded however at the
end of the movie Picard finds his photo
album in the rubble of his ready room
there must have been some crash so what
point to Picard take this photo album up
to the bridge and then bring it inside
his ready room he never kept personal
shit in there
Oh book here and there but he just had
his fish a little model of the stargazer
and his laptop he also had an orange
plastic thing but I know why it was
there it was so that he could find it
and walk out on the bridge with Riker in
the same scene you know what that spells
lazy Picard's priceless ceramic thing
another thing worth noting in the same
scene is that Burkhart picks up an
object that end up on the floor of his
ready room as well this was something
called a curling nascar oh my god it was
given to Picard by a guy named professor
Galen
who was Picard's favored archaeology
teacher at the time
Picard seemed to think this Kurland Ness
car was the greatest thing since sliced
bread
I'm the workshop in the master of
tockman hell it's ancient this object is
over 12,000 years old and very very rare
you mean it's complete
never before in Star Trek has Picard
reacted so amazed by an artifact if I
said this is an incredible find
sure who needs day they just could not
say enough good things about this this
thing in fact it looked like he was
gonna gonna make an artifact in his
pants and professor Galen even said it's
yours Picard and Picard was like no how
can I accept this Shh whatever anyhoo so
I didn't bother to take it with them and
they beams up but what he really leaved
the curling mascara just lying on the
ground amongst all the other junk what
about his little flute they played in
that one episode where he lived the
whole life as an old man he didn't
bother to fuck him find that I think
they found this prop and they said he's
got to pick up something and they done
they found the prop and they're like
let's use this what is it I don't know
if your card comes out the wrong door so
after their party for Worf on the
holodeck everyone comes out to the
bridge to check out what's going on that
the amorosa conservatory the crew comes
in from the right then they pan and
Picard comes in from the left made for a
nice shot but what they forgot to tell
the director was that that door in the
back at least to the conference room
sir I have completed level 1 computer
Diagnostics
there's no turbolift back there and
there never was maybe if a car was
sitting in a conference room by himself
just thinking about things maybe he was
expecting everybody to meet him there
but there was a little embarrassed when
they didn't so he comes out pretending
like you know he was all business I do
know that around the corner to the left
they got a little bathroom it's only on
the blueprints
so maybe Picard was making a Captain's
Log but seriously folks there are three
turbolifts on the bridge of the
enterprise there's the normal one in the
back of the houses
there's one next to Picard's ready room
then there's another one on the left
they never used that one though it's
like emergency one I think it goes
straight to the battle bridge
so why is Picard come out of the door of
the conference room I hate this oh
there's another shot they took from Star
Trek six two right here yes and they
also use this prop they do that a lot um
it is revolting there's emotion strip
subplot a subplot generally ties into a
movie somehow
however after examining generations with
a team of scientists the only purpose we
could uncover for datas emotions chips
subplot was that so it could be parallel
to Picard and Picard's challenge of
doing Star Trek stuff while dealing with
some pretty heavy emotions part of
having feelings he's learning to
integrate them into your life data sir I
no longer want these emotions Dana had
no real reason to put in the emotions
chip he never really used the emotions
at the end of the movie to figure
something out or do some key plot thing
or something like that really didn't
have any kind of point yes he just
played a song on the computer you tiny
knife and he swore I think the real
reason for the subplot was because it
was a feature-length movie and brent
Spiner wanted to do some real acting
and they needed some kind of comic
relief I guess to me data's always best
when he's data not some kind of asshole
clown I'm looking forward to it yeah I
hope it's gonna be a great great movie
