Episode 010
Shot in the Back (PUBG pt2)
January 12, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW3Qfi-KbVA
___________________________________________

Oh No dang it oh let's go excuse excuse
you
Zim Bobby says hey rich ever played Star
Wars dark forces
it's an FPS from 1995 and I'm certain it
influences the plot for the new films to
play a stormtrooper turn rebel steals
the Death Star plans etc public art
forms it back in the day why I said I'm
fond of the dark force of games and fly
fighter games
something-something is a federation 1st
of the Federation birth of the
Federation I have not for a Star Trek
fan I've played shockingly few Star Trek
games oh yeah real time strategy you
guys want to try them out on top again
anything you want
mountaintop like okay so we'll wait till
where can you right-click the
mountaintop we're talking about this
mountaintop I'm talking about that right
there boom okay tell her you're going
nowhere near it I don't know all right
you know what you know what it's fine
it's fine
see there no it's fine okay ready 3 2 1
go all right I'm gonna get a vehicle so
we can get there I'm gonna mount a
mountain there's only one mountain the
mountain with no loop on it and I would
have believed you you believed in me
that little as a leader I could leave in
you that much there we go thank you we
could still have one rich ever play star
wars the force unleashed you mean that
Star Wars game with the stupid Jedi and
I don't like Jedi's and he does the
absurd Jedi things that I think are
silly and it's kind of like a bad god of
war clone oh yeah I don't know I I
played a little bit of it I hated it
okay if I'm gonna run around with a
lightsaber in a game I'm gonna play Jedi
Outcast sure
dark forces three Jedi Knight two Jedi
Outcast
if you say it properly it's got a ton of
different names hey don't you know more
name the game has better the game it's
true oh my god guys we're inside the
circle we did it I haven't landed yet
but you believe the super powered Marine
that overcomes demons of Hell oh I don't
believe that I understand it's fiction
but here's the thing I just don't like
the Jedi I got nothing against uh Space
Marine fighting demons but Jen I just
don't appeal to me in a general sense
sure I am you guys want to come with me
in the vehicle or are you good did you
play Jedi Academy too well see the Jedi
are everything I hate about Star Wars
and you play as can I stand in that my
preference is outcasts
you see me up here and for one the doom
Marine who beats the shit out of hell
that's some that's that's just metal
that's metal as fuck and I love me some
metal and I do and you know what he
doesn't defeat hell using magic Jedi's
learn they're not metal they're not
metal they're smooth jazz right and I
don't like smooth jazz I like heavy
metal sorry what were you saying when I
was being a jerk and interrupting you
sure - total jerk
you got a minute hey sorry they don't
the do marine doesn't use magic or his
feelings to defeat the demons he uses
gun arguably in the nude doom he's a
little bit magic yeah let's go to
Stalberg Star Wars is like Jedi is like
Phil Collins wait and by the way Collins
but I'll take some ac/dc some Metallica
just you know sometimes you're in the
mood sometimes it's in the air tonight
you know I installed her I'm going up
the fucking mountain don't worry I got
this I'm gonna dive really soon be
ironic it's like we drove off the cliff
by accident
look let's not talk about Star Wars last
Jedi spoilers please some another chance
thank you alright if you're at all
interested in the movie why haven't you
seen it by now yeah I think we're famous
below and I think in the chat I'm gonna
the leash is officially off absolutely
we're done like it's it's been out for
what a month now yeah yeah well not
quite maybe close to it I think it's
been out a month apparently driving up
the mountain it's not the greatest idea
you drove off a mountain what are you
guys doing we didn't drive off I'm on
top of the mountain and we're trying to
drive there oh we have a vehicle now so
we're safe city our Slayer now the Sith
or nickel pack oh snap
there is nothing metal about Star Wars
I'm sorry
got a nice helmet in here we're gonna go
right into the ruins and don't take the
helmet and I got a shotgun if anyone
wants a shotgun
there's a backpack on the balcony of
this building if anybody needs it I
think Han Solo is pretty middle Han
Solo's like classic rock yeah oh that's
good that's good yeah he's classic rock
it's like he was hard for the time but
times they are a-changin the friend
classic rocks fine
like grandpa thought he was a little too
much you know I'm saying yeah he's
grandpa Rock Star Trek is Kenny G all
right the next gen is just straight-up
classical music oh my god I'm so sorry
I pressed the wrong button that was me I
I don't know even what button I was
trying to press and I'm very very sorry
yeah well you know like a rifle oh hey
there's a rifle I know your gun works
now my gun works don't worry I don't
have an extra scope I picked up a red
dog and they using this mg extended
quick-draw T and G and T watch this it's
just it's just flat-out classical music
Deep Space nine that's like you know
like symphonic rock like some fun
symphonic Pink Floyd prog rock yeah
thank you
then voyageurs like some phonic
Nickelback oh oh like Nickelback with
the Philharmonic or it's like it sounds
bad I guess right right that's exactly
what it is it's like it sounds like it's
oh they're talented but it's still they
go back yeah yeah we're the only ones up
on this mountain how nice we get our
pick of the lute and we're on top of the
fucking mountain trenchcoat yeah all
right there we are what is the insane
clown posse of TV or movies question in
the chat it's a fair question it's a
fair question
Oh is anyone a really good shot because
there's an there's an eight-time scope
who wants it the DC movies all I have is
an ak-47 which is not good for an 8 x ok
well then I might have the best gun for
it so I'll take it but I'm not a good
shot no no it doesn't fit on my gun
there's another red dot
okay so what's the game plan here do we
want to like face Southwest and wait for
people to come up the mountain and pick
them off as they come up unless we hear
somebody coming it's not a whole lot to
do at the moment
all right here our vehicle actually
there's a vehicle Northwest are you in
the circle yeah we're in the circle I
see them they're at 300 for me right
outside the ruins
going into the pillbox octagonal
we can do this we can do this don't sit
too close now they're close but don't
don't be I want the Frank I think at the
end that Epcot thing here things alone
the loan guys what no he's not oh my god
oh I don't know why you would think he
was alone because I only and where's
that coming from
blanket sorry sir
there two of them here another one over
here by me reviving you thank you I
sorry guy it's not a guy over here at my
jack right behind the wall careful
behind the wall dead nice job work good
work nice teamwork nice teamwork
shotguns good calling it out good
calling it out everybody see if we can
loot their corpses here oh oh who needs
bandages med kits painkillers all that
fun stuff first aid who needs it someone
take it it's all it's all in the box
yeah the two times scope that's the good
stuff I got a system please ask the
powers that be now please please please
restock the very cool nerd shirts and
the lightning-fast patches I would sell
my firstborn to the demon of Louise Cole
for them I'm not sure what's going on
with it I know you know we might have
sold out of stuff just for the holidays
but and you home I thirty-five I click
over here by the loot thing is there
anything else in the blue boxes worth
taking oh I took the five five six how
low are you do you need some I have none
okay weapons all right there you go
I'm actually kind of surprised that we
all survived here that's happened it's
all in my gun already Jack is the one he
did Jack did not take a hit and I killed
someone present yeah I did it anybody
where excope and the 2x coat
rich where did you get that Santa hat
where can I get one I got it at Kohl's
and I don't know that you can get them
anymore because it's not exactly in
season right now it's no longer the same
thing time yeah all right
then you go get some more shotgun ammo I
got to make sure there's more laying
around I just didn't pick it up so I
didn't think I'd use it it's all I got
oh I have some shot I have some shotgun
mi my shotgun has an arrow stuck in it
look get hit with a crossbow no my gun
did well yeah thanks
or my backpack oh it went away nice
so we're just gonna hang up here until
the circle closes again probably no to
end up being circle up here again I have
like very few bullets we're gonna see oh
you got nothing neither
he's got the crossbow jack and you gotta
make every shot count
that's what you gotta do yeah I noticed
that but I'm not usually that good at
you know aiming eating things most take
your time take time I'm gonna take this
sickle just in case you know I've never
actually had like the opportunity to use
you're a pro player you'd be using it
all the time
so graphic with the eight-time scope
doo-doo-doo-doo I'm gonna crawl around
this rock see if I can get a view it
down the mountain see if anyone's
hanging out just below us what are they
doing the end is nigh for agdq Oh that'd
be neat to not hear my voice because
they skip over as much as they can
well yeah well but usually cutscenes
don't count towards know they do oh they
do you skip yeah the timers outside the
game oh okay
I'm pretty ignorant as to how this game
works how do you win to be the last team
alive that's it and it's a large map
anybody losing smg's occasionally the
area you're allowed to stay in shrinks
there's like a circle that occasionally
shrinks and if you're if you're outside
of that circle you start losing health
if you're inside the circle you might
get bombed right Oh is there as oh yeah
see this red circle that means bombs are
dropping that and but yeah basically
it's just find all the guns and shoot
all the other people that's it either
walk through yes nyah or drive are we
all together let's make sure well past
it we browser drive yeah
the vehicles on the top still do
mountain still that's right near me I'll
pick it up
careful going this down the side of the
mountain though it's pretty steep
yeah one of the one of the draws to this
game is just its simplicity its it's
just a map and there's not complicated
rules you just you know you wander
around and then you're cannon fodder for
better players aha I'm stealing for
somebody other Jack we're doing
credit work you can't just take jokes
out that well I thought I could you can
do it believe in yourself
judge brownie Fay said Bai for better
players okay
whoa innocence the physics on the
vehicles have changed it into the 1.0
release drive a lot different than they
used to
yeah yeah they're a lot more realistic a
little a little slight here which is
nice which Evans Jojo fever you're
crediting the person who came up with
the joke
we're gonna take a job went past it
protip shoot out the tires of a car when
you abandon them yeah
yeah going to stop the car oh yeah that
makes it extra slightly for anyone else
was that oh you shot the tires yeah you
were pro tipping it there's people at
170 probably at the complex
they worship I heard shots from 170
right after you you know let's do it
let's go let's go up there and oh yeah
they're up there southwest sprinting
they're getting more so so that's now
five muscles to different people wait
for everyone to catch up then if you're
gonna attack them this a tackle but if
you're gonna tackle these people tackle
them as a group
I have grenades I guess going in there
already is great
roofs clear oh this is more weapon thick
tickler assault rifle more ammo ammo was
an issue ammo is a slight issue you
might want to switch it up just for that
I have exactly the same amount of 760 -
we should get back in the car and give
me a key VB my five five six pack Jack
okay great
who said that that was me
okay okay alright take this back I'll
keep the AKM thank you alright you don't
back to the car and you need seven six
you shout out the tires to the car oh
that's right yeah but then let's roll
motherfucker
jack is the one through back you know
someone we should not expect I mean
watch our six sound great there's a
great
that's like it the best
jack is the king of hunkering down I am
the hunkering down master you you're the
that's where I learned hunkering down
from rich Evans
is that a person no vehicle North three
yep great North what get closer
across the bridge I guess he's just on
the crossroads of cars this is it's hard
to tell
hard to tell from here I do need 760
desperately if someone has extra I have
500 where are you I have a hundred but
both my weapons or 7000 shit someone
shooting at me someone shooting at me
serpentine serpentine serpentine
I got a bandage it's alright you see
anyone so East 165 you think they're in
the house I saw a guy behind that gate
shit I'm shot shit I'm dead okay it's
okay
live on conquer without me you can do it
and I get them we got the guy in the
house
yet in 716 yeah you are
but looting my corpse that's fine no
that's fine
no that makes perfect goddamn sense look
sensitive Jess we report him report him
no that was definitely a bot the auto
aim he got me I think I think he went
around the wrong side of that tree well
I was hoping to catch him in the window
and shoot him yeah after you're down huh
after you're down sure what the other
way I think it came from the houses lead
um lead them well it could be lag it
could be like I think they hit him yeah
so like it might look like they're
shooting behind them but it's just
that's just our leg from viewing it
I want to chat it either in guys alive
m24 Oh on the hill way to left to left
snipers paradise yep D'Andrea play ahead
you're the only ones left
I'm getting hit from every side yes
state stay down pally I don't think I'm
not sure he can see I'm not I'm trying
to get to this tree I'm pretty sure he's
up the hill so you're too steep of an
angle from him so much loan do you get
up on you don't brush me no right now
like see his red bars come on come on
CLE head you got this are they raising
their teammate yep
we're gonna come at me pretty pretty
yeah left side of the building I don't
think they know you're there they're
aiming somewhere else they might be
aiming at other people I'll stay down
what other people take care of each
other you can do a clean body there's a
med kit on it no guys in that shed fuck
it fuck it
oh my god up 1000 hey good way to go
guys way to go my name is crushing this
oh man yeah we were all very light on
ammo look at that look at this guy yeah
yep just a good sniper definitely not an
aimbot oh well great hey that was great
everybody that was pretty good that was
pretty good we still need that new map
though that's for sure fo sho right
all right yeah let's get a new let's get
a new new tinder group new group new
team okay
let's see who's a thief crunky wants to
play
vapor I don't think we played with vapor
okay
okay so we invited crunky we invited
vapor and guile hi guile then I was
dressed like a hard-ass
yeah is
not just pick the desert map apparently
not no it's it's random
all right well then we'll go to who we
had last time so we're off switch and
how about how what
I miss pipes oh we all miss pipes
agdq is down for some reason so hi guys
hey we'll take your consolation
temporarily temporarily all right let's
rock and roll
28 dresses gentlemen you can travel back
10 years and give your younger selves
one piece of advice what would it be
other than buy Bitcoin mm-hmm by Apple
Stark even 10 years gonna be too
expensive yeah you gotta go you gotta go
before like before the IPAB yeah before
the iPad launch you get into Apple stock
and you'd be you'd be set I think they
meant just like personal advice though
fucking hell no this map again I want
the new map hey hello hello hello my mic
problem hey you welcome can you hear us
absolutely nice do it control-t
guy in the back of the head okay where
do we want to go guys do we want to just
drop right away and go into this first
little mountain right here the one to
the left yeah let's do it
drop it right away head to the radio
tower oh no oh no let's go right right
below us to this like shipping area here
all right that looks pretty sweet we're
gonna get in a firefight like right away
FTL came of a Nintendo switch when I
play it on the toilet
probably not toilet games need to be
quick yeah but if it's on switch you
could start somewhere else and move it
to the toilet no that's fine okay
like Tetris that's totally I was asleep
I'm just gonna get this boat what's up
what else is there what's that thing
some kind of scope or something from him
a cheek pad for a sniper he get it it's
good okay all right where's where's the
rest of our team let's go catch up with
a guy oh this way of switches in a boat
he's in a boat why driving something
don't think you're doing a very good job
of catching up with guy old jack
damn it it's fine they found me I don't
know how but they found me
Jack's plan of shooting a shotgun
randomly and jumping on top of the roof
didn't seem to work out well
oh no I'll play which is down
Oh Oh switch off switch is dead I see
them they're on top of the canisters
containers
one of them's going around the corner
I'm coming to you jack where are they
they are to the south don't worry I
found him that's some amazing timing by
the way can we help you no shit
do-do-do-do guile guile help us there's
one right around the corner I'm not here
I'm not here oh this is gonna be close
this is gonna be close look one hour -
give it meaning
well that sucked let's try again wait
wait I'll stop lying in it no because
when you get this screen it's done Wow
all right will do again will drool try
again it's never okay it's never a good
idea just to jump out of the plane right
away never a good idea let's not do that
again
let's go again but I like that it's like
rogue one our deaths give it meaning
it'll be great
it'll be great guys we're gonna do fight
we're gonna do we're gonna do big things
big great things great big ly things you
know hot coffee
really delicious iced coffee super
delicious room-temperature coffee is ass
garbage it's just not good it's just
it's I don't you know I don't like first
person first person mode then if you
play this in first person mode it's like
a horror game
oh no map no map we did it we got em you
can aim better you can aim better but
you know you don't get the the the field
of view it's more important to aim
better well but you can always zoom in
in first-person mode you you you can to
get this view now it's for like around
corners but in general I don't know if
it's that big a deal
your enemies can pick around corners I
don't like it very much that's a biggie
around quarters sure all right here's
the new map where we going guys someone
pick a spot and market aren't there
servers that are first-person only yes
go here okay I like it
yeah there are servers at our first
personality all right ready
yep and go yeah they're servers that are
first-person only inside like I get the
aim part but to me it's so
claustrophobic that it that it freaks me
out
you jump right away
yeah no not right away where's everyone
else
yeah they're like over all alone no
we're here oh yes no there's other teams
okay fuck fuck fuck
I I miss calculated my job that's fine
I'm coming yeah I'm coming
look at this this is neat looking
okay weapon weapon house
that doors all of us jack oh no that
actually there's there's not a lot of
doors in this one huh which makes it
very uh that's different yeah so the
handle there I might not be able to
carry it that guys doing down there it
got an Uzi and the shotgun great level T
Armour all alone all alone
haider suppressor
I could use some armor could use some no
buy already have a backpack bandage this
one might need later
great great we're doing great right
grade yes yes thank you
rip oh great great
all right I got some shit I'm gonna come
down to meet you guys all right
I finally got some shit
Oh we're not too far away from the
circle that's good there's a truck over
here should be people around yeah it's a
little bit further than usual though
that was me again fine it's fine
I I don't know what it is but I figure
my finger just like likes to rest on the
trigger I don't know why I don't
understand it rich it's my fault it's
fine it's fine you're not used to my
mouse contours remember they're just
different enough right that's it I'm
gonna blame your mouse thanks I really
could use an assault rifle if anyone
sees an extra sawed-off shotgun you
probably want that yeah I do
I see one more place to check sorry man
you need you need long-range yourself
you only got an SMG I know you got you
got to close range weapons Jack listen
it's not ideal but it's what I got we
gotta meet up with the team we got it
home and we have a minute and a half
we'll be fine
I'm shocked you didn't counter anybody
over here honestly right well I think
they're like a lot of people have this
map is fairly new so I think a lot of
people are just getting used to the map
still find in the areas they like
this is the one you read no no that's
different
hey guys let me go idle for that who
love what you do
what so I need trump to gun on the
ground
oh just another shotgun yeah I'll take
it
okay I got the shells rock and roll
check our six Kyle's got our six look
you don't want to go do this inside the
circle
okay picado gets a lot of action let's
stay away from the action let's work
okay let's you know be alive Oh perfect
let's go with the action is crash we're
on Oh what did we hit gosh dang it I
have energy drink I have energy drinks
and painkillers and bandages and a
first-aid kit if anyone needs stuff I
got shit
everything's fine
there's no problem
so they need to adjust the car physics
no it's fine
oh shit
yes Paul right we're gonna see some
explosions let's go it's gonna be turned
into a Michael Bay movie over here
everybody practice your comedy crash
we're gonna make it we're gonna I mean
we might make it for those who do oh no
only 61 alive all right good okay we're
in the circle let's get out of that red
it's fine we made it we're making it
we're making it get out of the red zone
there's that sound you didn't want to go
to great let's go another vehicle to be
all right let's start losing
let's find a building them get them get
in there
let's go in this building this business
five five six i'ma one month where I'm
at NATO market thank you sir
I did it eventually okay seven six - got
some gas I got two cars many gas that
comes up you want to stay indoors right
now well we want up where we're Luton
man you're in the red zone huh you're in
the red zone
I'm under a thing get in sight there we
go
I have so much nine-millimeter ammo I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna light up
anyone
baby back
how you doing everybody's still alive
where's Everywhere's guile oh there you
are
where's off switch oh there you are okay
great
anyone need a energy drink or painkiller
I could use one oh there's people
outside people outside the south or five
sorry that's five is that someone coming
behind us
no that was me running behind oh great
hi what's up what's up anybody see any
movement out there nope
great we're doing great
and then they enemy I add that north
from my position from row selection wait
you're right
no that might have been that might have
been Kyle
okay window to story at fifteen from my
position I don't have a scope second ten
building behind the billboard I'm going
to push them
coming up to me doing it lit up right in
front of me what Jack what just run
straight out there and run around and be
the tracker on the Monica sorry I'm
being such your play tackle Jack I'm
gonna push into this building where are
they where do you start right there at
the doorway the building right in front
of me and the window my know-how what
way ahead of you way ahead
straight north from me oh there's a
there's a there's a truck come into
coming down straight north
nice shot Kyle
this fucking game who's fuckin good
right now who is that where did they
come from that's not what I wanted to
press
who was that and where did they come
from oh hello if I came off that yeah
God there is some shit happening out
there I am nowhere near any of this is
that a vest you want to change your
bulletproof vest no I have a good fight
let me take out a few hands might fine
okay where are these people are shooting
at now on the hill on the hello
oh shit they're in the zone now
no I know I know what to do I know to do
I got this I got this I know what to do
I'm coming for you guy I'm gonna get a
truck they are right behind you jack up
the hills Oh
oh good poke it poke it looking yeah
looking it booking it right into the
explosive zone great fucking hell
well let's hope we don't die but we
might die be fine
great never done it in the red zone
great time is not on your side you got
to cut through tickets no no that's like
a valley over there gotta be smart gotta
be smart wait for the road wait for the
road you're gonna die it's gonna be fine
good be fine gonna be fine gonna be fine
oh I'm gonna die
we made it he made it he made it he made
it okay off I'm gonna finally fix my
sight yep
whoo do you need a painkiller no all
right let's roll
perfect damn it
all right where are we rolling to
anywhere the answer is anywhere whoo
that was close rich I know that was
extremely that was just super close
there's a whole firefighter I literally
did not see a soul yep yep die dress
bring them over Jack buck the Foley's
coming straight from the underground
where are they good side of the circle
they'll come to you
everything's fine
I saw them too late
whoopsy dupes let's see what that looked
like I don't I don't know guys I think
he was hacking I think it was hacking I
should probably report them I stir-fried
definitely a report definitely report
that guy I love how they say I didn't
see anyone the entire match as their
buddy is desperately shooting people
right I know that somebody else saw
people I'm saying that watching Jake
play I had no idea where any of these
shots weren't coming at or going - it's
fine everything's fine
that was it you know we made it decently
far on that one reported yep reported he
literally missed every time it was it
was a joke I know he was not in the body
a hacker
I understand this is first map people
are shooting back to the old map you can
even come back yeah no I think what's
our uptime uptime looking at is 912
we're starting at 5:30 three hours oh
wow yeah nice this is probably the last
one then
okey-dokey last one then punch in the
back punch kidney punch kidney punch
kidney punch your kidneys are fucked now
good luck peon
that's a terrible catchphrase swatches
rich hates this game he sure seems to be
having fun watching Jack fail at it well
it's different than playing it that's
just entertainment
what's the plan there okay I like it
let's do it
I like that plan let's plan that out you
know that's the other thing you know
when a lot of people when they were
talking about like Game of the Year for
last year something that didn't even
cross my mind was Friday the 13th yeah
even though like we had a ton of fun
playing it we reviewed it very heavily
but it's also like what makes a good
stream game is sometimes different than
what makes just a good game I played
Friday the 13th funny times Australia oh
yeah oh no I mean as did I but it would
be in the running for me oh sure it
would be but I'm what I'm saying is I
forgot about it
am I the only one that jumped
but what
I'm switch everyone else is going
somewhere slightly different now what's
fine
I don't minds all right I think you
don't look at many people coming down
here in for mine
to people no one bind us just a few it
up kind of between us just a few will
make it rubberband ending a little bit
shit who is that oh that was Lola what
all I had was a red dot god there's
someone outside
there's someone up east
you get them yes I think so yeah girl
killed all three Oh Bob you go way to go
he's a sailing badass one yeah yeah
happy to have you on the team man happy
to have you on the team all right oh
we're not that far away from the from
the zone great
looted Oh bharden it was actually
nothing at what I wondered okay I am in
trouble just to go yeah it's a squad of
the ISIS over there oh you died did you
die
so if this ends really early yeah are
you going to do one more yeah okay
looting body
I'd like to think that I have and you
know I distracted yeah yes thanks Kyle
good backpack in here you can used to
shit we keep pressing that button
that was me that was me that was me
everything's fine it's not a it's not a
full game unless I accidentally shoot
something you know it's fine
everything's fine don't worry about it
don't worry about it dad sighs oh my god
chiming gone all right shit what what do
you do
no thank you all right here we go
where are they now I'm stay down I'm
just uh moving where the hip well this
is where the death cam comes in handy
yeah where were they let's find out if
they were hacking or not definitely
hacking that's not me is it say they saw
me okay that's definitely hacking
definitely hacking all right water not
how they saw you with a bright blue
shirt on I officially apologize hold on
officially apologize how about a bright
yellow jacket now
there we go we'll just go we'll just go
shirtless that'll make it better
all right let's let's get that was a
short one let's get off and I said
literally like five minutes yeah let's
get one more one more one more one more
let's get a real one let's go the
distance go the distance now this is
Jack if you played for tonight battle
royale I have okay free to play and Pub
G with building aspects yes and the
building aspects make it very
interesting because like if you can
gather enough materials you can actually
like build your own cover oh yeah
which is neat and cartoony art style it
seemed alright it didn't have the same
kind of tension that battlefront ahead
yeah but it was neat and it's free it's
just a free game which is also you know
oh we end on the new map Fight Club 28th
dress says I called moon lights victory
last year okay so I'm just gonna go on
record now Wonder Woman is totally going
to win Best Picture this year Wonder
Woman three billboards deserves it but
Wonder Woman will win knots
I heard mediocre I have not seen three
billboards but from people whom I trust
I have heard very mediocre things about
three billboards well I guess I guess if
any comic book movie is going to win
Best Picture
uh-huh they give it to Wonder Woman
because I don't know they're making some
kind of statement I mean it's also a
good movie it's fine it's not Oscar
worthy it's nowhere near Oscar worthy no
no I don't think so have they announced
yeah I like it but just in theory if
Hollywood's gonna give an Oscar to a
comic book movie yeah it's going to be a
Wonder Woman sure is it have they
announced even Oscar like who's who's in
nominating it I don't know I'm not
usually February I have no idea
I just have no idea
I just don't know and I don't care uh I
think you know like if we're gonna be
playing that card then it's gonna go to
something like get out right uh-huh
if we're gonna play the they're gonna
nominate someone solely based off of
social pressure get out it has much more
hype around it in the arthouse community
we lost two people yay
oh guy Ellen off switch they didn't make
it off the plane perfect okay that's
fine that's fine that's fine
all right stuck on some rocks
I'm stuck on some rocks okay I got off
the rocks it's okay all right all right
all right all right
do we think we lost them forever
like are they just afk yep they're yeah
yeah we could try again if you like ah
you know yes there's gonna be the last
run of the game I try again you want to
yep but then we might not get the cool
map yeah but you're done to people and
it kind of screws out everywhere else I
don't know yeah I know man all right
let's let's go back to the lobby okay
cool app I know I know
all right here we go
the post has Tom Hanks and is directed
by Steven Spielberg and it's you know
super topical with like you know
reporters and you know reporting on
political things yeah post might get
some nods there's a whole lot of
what-ifs I but I also just don't care
mm-hmm that's the real story here I just
could not care
hmm my guess is like baby driver will
win Best Original Screenplay or best
editing best editing baby driver just
because it's so obvious snap and a bunch
of matter the Oscars is one of those
things people should not care about yeah
somehow people do it says coffee for
mana and yes yeah that is an accurate
statement yes Blade Runner Blade Runner
oh yay cool map Blade Runner will get
recognition it'll be you know for like
sound design Freddy Krueger themed
person maybe oh that person yeah uh yeah
that looks like a Freddy Krueger shirt
break it out of here we
all right all right all right all right
where we going this time uh we could try
the same spot you know I liked that yeah
I like that spot okay that's you know
slightly near this the the drop point
but that's fine that's fine
just dive dive dive when it's time not
yet obviously sorry van don't I said
that all right ready rock and roll Oh
your puppy says just wanted to say I
love and appreciate your content the
stream has been fantastic by the way
thank you we do a weekend
I feel always odds with us yeah we've
got a few squads with us yep great but
try to make my way towards you no guns
up attract this to be more no guns up
here oh my God why is it so dark why is
it so dark I Jack that's me upstairs now
you know how this works there's no
guarantees for anything oh shit we got
we got fire already
I'm not know usually you keep making fun
of my shirt I'm not putting a shirt on
okay next to us East West where West
West I'm overlooking them they're in
Enid right now are like you maybe going
on someone
Oh No I thought I had the drop on him
I thought I had the drop on him that's
all right I - I did - I thought you're
gonna get the drop on her eye I didn't
see the gun I thought I thought they
were unarmed so I thought I'd be able to
like well I saw them had a gun but you
had a shotgun
close range and I thought you had the
drop on them yeah as it turns out they
had to drop I mean it was fairly close
oh well you got you guys did have the
drop but completely stop shooting once
in panic no Jack had the
double-barrelled I only had well I had
two shots yeah right that's fine it's my
team can go on and do well in my honor
so you're you're back in huh huh um gee
you're back in a little bit a little bit
the new maps really nice I you know like
I said it's it's it's significantly less
frustrating with the killcam feature
just because like it helps me like when
I make a mistake it's like oh I didn't
check all angles before going into a
house that was my bad and there was
someone just waiting for me and I know
that so the killcam helps it's there's
still some bullshit moments I feel but
yeah it's not this new map is cool I
like I like all the shit in it so yeah
I'm back in it back in it for a little
bit anyway splitting my time between
this and overwatch right now just
because I love overwatch new competitive
seasons about start which I don't really
I don't do competitive but it's fun to
watch
apparently Mercy's gonna get some some
nerfs which I'm not happy about because
I think mercy is a huge badass right now
which is why she's getting some nerfs
I'm falling back into Dead Rising I am
I'm considering trying to get all the
unlockable stuff on the PC but nuts
that's it that's a lot of work
seven-day survivor infinite Mojang
that's longer than the main game
that's like 15 hours of playing the game
yeah one sitting that's crazy
from Southwest to you can do it rich
I've done it before I kind of cheese the
hell out of it grab a ton of food I was
just sitting on a roof whose Ami's
couldn't get at ya nothing wrong with
little cheese nice huh what nice one we
saw that the stream got to see you being
a total badass and Geils a total badass
I'm here also now you know how I feel
off switch every time I play this and me
too
throwing a grenade uphill went up
because it falls back down
hey sue
oh nothing yet they're up the hill I'll
be down - oh my god they're ever done
this if they're everywhere
oh I almost got him how what is down off
switch is almost down off switch just
bleeding out no that's fine wait I can
make it inside you can do it Kyle's not
gonna help him any way he could make it
inside the house - badass - help
I know he's an army of one man he works
alone there doctor he's preserving the
team if the T you know he went in a cart
I have a car 51 about new scopes
where's father
yeah he's right in a circle everyone
stop
you can move my your loop you move on
your little okay it's a good idea to do
that so no one shoots you I uh think I
even realized you could your
expectations that's the exactly
that's exactly what it was and doesn't
that keep you interested subverting
expectations doesn't I just keep
everyone interested I think it does
that's why I'd like like that's why I
like the subverting of the expectations
like oh I didn't expect that now I'm
interested
it's a fine everything's fine
oh yeah oh man we are doing great white
insects
scrape nice he's best head back
nice calling out the shots Kyle you're a
machine you are a looting machine pub G
terminator right like for me it's like
oh maybe I'll go over there see what's
over there maybe I'll stick around
oh yeah it's like for me it's like
shopping like oh maybe I want this maybe
I be nouns
so Center nice
it's tiny everything's gonna find
everything so fine everything's
everything's fine this game just make
you understand like free animals and why
it's awesome to have an eye on either
side of your head right it's like yeah
you ever under wonder why uh wild
animals are so cagey and run at the
first sound or the first sight of
anything it's because death comes from
everywhere I intellectually knew some of
these things but now I understand them
just like bird birds constantly going
like this can't stand still because if
you stand still you die yeah yes yeah
it's great this should be taught to
children can't stop moving or will die
in this scenario jack is the baby bird
Niall is the Puma yes yes without a
doubt
so as mazed and confused i run away at
the first provocation
I'd say Jack looks more like the baby
birds egg but because I'm bald
I get it the game's graphics look better
than you remember that that might be
some optimization with the official
release because this is the 1.0 this is
no longer early access but the official
release so they might have polished
things up
what are they polish just the graphics
just making things look extra pretty and
this is the new magnet map such
different textures everything so they
want that to look extra pretty yeah goes
for the ground I'm assuming there's some
recycled buildings in this map
everything's got a fresh coat of paint
what's in here what's in here I know
exactly what I need and this is not what
I write like right like I can't make
decisions this fast as fast as guile is
doing this I just I cannot process why
I'd like to take my time come compare
and contrast oh what's the effective
range on this one if you knew the game
if you knew the game really well yeah
you're really dedicated to the game you
could get to that point maybe you take a
glance now this is what I need look at
for him I don't know like I start out
like perhaps somewhat Rifles you like
you know that so you end up just right
right oh sure but I think it just takes
me a while just to even recognize what
it is on the ground like I have no
concept so right now jack yeah who's
stream is this oh this is God's work at
this point we we are we're the color
were the color commentary we're both
just sitting here watching but it is
interesting I'm investing in guiles
stream what we're providing the color
commentary and you know that's fine
that's what we do theoretically rich
this is the perfect stream for some
people because now we can talk about pop
culture stuff without ever having to
worry about either was playing the game
I'm sure for a large number of our
audience this is a perfect stream yeah
yeah I can talk about how I saw I saw
the doctor who we could hire someone you
know just come in and play games outside
and just like play games we're not gonna
put you on camera and you don't get to
talk no unless we ask you only speak
when spoken to
I like it I like him
I caught up on the new Doctor Who cuz
you know we're getting a new showrunner
and a new doctor and so I'm gonna give
that a try
watch the the episode that was the
crossover episode and I thought it was
rather dull yeah I prefer with who it
was Peter Capaldi and it was his last
episode as the doctor see when I say
crossover with who you're supposed to
say yes no that's a good joke that was
and they got they got some look-alike
actor who looks like I'd like the very
first doctor okay and so he was meeting
up as the doctor with the first doctor
that's a pretty amazing truck right
get on top of a mountain and shoot
everyone look at this but uh you know if
you're a fan of any given doctor that
episode is kind of just it's more
fanservice than actual episode yeah it's
just like yeah it's uh you know give a
proper goodbye to this actor and because
I haven't been watching any of the
computer Capaldi stuff that stuff didn't
matter to me and then just at the very
end he dies and we get our new doctor
this is doctor do supposed to have been
good was it a good run for him I I heard
I heard a lot of people liked it yes
guys that's sort of a so he was
absolutely shite but he was great hahaha
anyway situation I know exactly what
you're talking about like you just you
like the actor more than the scripts
they are given yeah Pierce Bronson is
bond for me oh yeah he makes it you made
a great bond
Oh Oh trucks rolling away but but now
it's there's no more Steven Moffat and
he was that he was the one who killed
the doctor who as far as I'm concerned
he he was I did not like the direction
he was taking the doctor so there's a
new showrunner
the guy who did broadchurch if anyone
has seen broadchurch what one ghostie
broadchurch it's a great show a great
little cop show our people hating on the
new doctor because they're doing the
thing and no one said anything about the
new doctor as far as okay as far as I
know I'm not okay but everybody hates
the new dogs don't totally watch an
episode where then they're the favorite
absolutely and every time every time now
how does this work with with the doctor
I'm not that familiar with the character
yeah does the personality change
radically yes do they feel like they're
the same person like just does the new
Doctor Who wake up and say holy shit I'm
a woman this is weird or is just like
okay I want to go about my business
yeah they and they're usually like
there's a script moment where they're
like let's find out the kind of doctor I
am do I like cake you know like okay
they completely acknowledge that there
will be a completely different person
make loads of jokes about like taste
buds change yeah yeah so they're there
they're in on the joke which is great
now wasn't the doctor only supposed to
do that like so many times 12 B twelve
regenerations 30 I'm awesome doctor who
found the ladies I wouldn't normally be
quiet but how did they get around that
um the Time Lords it's all it's been
established for ages at the Time Lords
King give people more regeneration of
iron energy okay oh so he saved them
about three years ago and then they so
he just got because they're made up
rules and so they made up new rules oh
you get over twelve yeah cuz it's all
make-believe well the master used all
his original ones up years ago who's
another Time Lord and we got more so
it's always been okay okay so I mean
there's no real cannon they just make
off as they go along
Oh course the whole idea of regeneration
was made of because they wanted to fire
the actor right no he went like that's
gonna come free yeah the cow with a
brain disease or something oh man shows
but successful yeah a key yeah so they
got a new actor and
Patrick trailing replaced him and then
they made up a new rule I used an alien
so he can regenerate he's a different
actor now and so it just took like a
tradition then to only stick around for
a few years
present how popular okay for Tom Baker
he was seven years yeah tombé like how
many tenant had a ton of years or in BBC
terms that's a ton but like um oh I'm
gonna forget his name
my personal favorite doctor who was the
doctor before tenant that Chris
practices
Eccleston yeah Eccleston only had one
season well he wasn't popular so
type-cast was that he just he's like eh
you can't stand fine boys oh oh I know
that
oh yeah and oh is so like he decided to
leave because he didn't want to deal
with the fanboys free like pretty much
like he yeah
quite right serious actor I could tell
when he when he played that elf in Thor
the dark world dramas over a Muslim for
the BBC and all that and stuff and any
was also what pays right now and again
so oh sure ages Kyle's the man Kyle is
the man so as a Doctor Who fan what do
you think of the new doctor I like I
like they like women are some of the
ages ago
cuz that's kind of wait for the party
did you have you seen broadchurch do you
like her and Bron broadchurch how I seen
Froedtert yeah it's a nice it's a yeah
right everything's on the list is that
ever annoying though well you really
like one of the doctors and you just
like to see them stick around longer oh
yeah without Matt Smith I really liked
Matt Smith mm-hmm and I like I felt the
same like tenon who you know but did it
for whoa did it for four years like they
gave him I feel the biggest wank of an
exit episode he just like visited every
single actor in every single universe
and everyone was crying it was it was a
huge deal yeah stomping sad after a
while we like you know the old guy was
like talking to them and then after that
we were tearing I was just like
right like you know the end of Lord of
the Rings and where it's just like
everybody's happy and then it goes to
another place and everybody's even more
happy it was like that but was sadness
and then you get Matt Smith and you're
like who the fuck is this asshole
I joined you know you're emotionally
spent but yeah I'm Matt I like Matt
Smith as well he was just can't stop
killing people let's be happy he's on
our side now he gets to drive the
Mystery Machine because of people like
guile hunting you yeah yeah
absolutely holy shit not alive
holy shit looking for squads as well
actually
oh sure they're looking for a big group
and yeah he's he's the last of the
Mohicans just sneaking up behind people
oh that's true spoon of evil the end of
Tennant run also ended Davies showrunner
run oh the best run I mean that the
first season of Matt Smith was cool
oh wait or was it the second see what
was the season with the silence was that
the second Matt Smith season I was
parade yeah I think halfway through that
season this way and Steven Moffat either
sorry like he'll run there for Sherlock
I went right to shit yeah they're still
good after so it's about like oh sure
sure here and there but you know what
stop Neil Gaiman but they also just had
some utter crap the the the Angels Take
Manhattan the the one where he's in an
Old West town and his character traits
changed by the page it's it's terrible
but his run started really strong they
they had a really neat interesting alien
enemy of silence which was an alien
species that had a chemical trait where
you would forget about them the second
you weren't looking at them but so they
trained themselves to make little like
marks on their arms with sharpies and
then all of a sudden it would just cut
to their arms and they had a hundred
marks because they
one hundred times that is super creepy
and wonderful the way to feed that I
thought was six alive this is tense this
is getting real like hopefully we're not
distracting guile with our pop culture
talk it's probably useless at this point
Jesus fuck alright I hope it's not one
squad that's left this could kid
all right like establishing a base here
and then you know your left your left
your left that one whole squad excellent
run Kyle way to go way to go thank you
everyone thank you for playing oh man
that was crazy town that was crazy town
yeah by the way that was a good team
effort
that was do B sandwiches joke but you
know we all we all contributed in our
own ways terrible
we're we're just awful
we're just awful all right well pub G
come out coming back coming back in fun
times fun time okay hey everyone now is
the time in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during this
stream someone asked me over on the
steam messenger yeah why it is we don't
thank all of our subscribers even the
people who recent string and I said
listen it already takes us approximately
a half an hour to uh to thank these
subscribers you know you know what we
could do well this is a thought that
just popped into my be with me here
dedicate one bonus stream a month and
the only thing we stream is thanking our
subscribers everyone gets a comment we
address the comment everyone gets a
comment and we address the comment and
that like instead of doing this because
and you know I just thought about this
cuz I know you don't oh yeah this rules
the flow for for ending it ending on a
joke yeah yeah you know of course
there'd be a lot of retraining with the
chat because a lot of times their
comments talk about stuff we were
talking about here when they're Ries
absque Ribe but it would just be a bonus
stream once a month all of our
subscribers we find a way to like have
like a wall they write on or so no one
would watch it
that's impossible
where's the thing it's not just reading
the names though it's also talking about
the questions that are asked because
yeah because when people subscribe or
you know Rhys absque ribe or whatever
they also leave a comment and so that
would give us a little topic to talk
about yeah and we'll talk about that
thank our next think our next
you know it's just an hour or two bonus
give it a try think about it think about
it try sounds terrible or or yeah or we
just hire guile to play pub G while we
thank our subscribers we got a robot
voice to just read the names as they
subscribe yes okay I think that is
actually a thing that can happen and
that's that's possible substitution yeah
I don't know I'm how long do I think it
would take to thank all of our
subscribers every month I think it would
take hours quite possibly especially
with us chatting in between about the
thing I think it would take at least two
hours how do I get notified about
streams what what streams specifically
you talk about this bonus thing we're
just coming with a stream the stream in
general okay so mouthy Merc 49 there is
a way to follow us on Twitch obviously
you have a twitch account you follow us
on Twitter and then every time we go
live you get an email also we're pretty
regularly Wednesdays and Sunday evening
pretty regularly Wednesdays Sunday night
or you can follow us on Twitter at
previously our EC you know someone's
squatting on at prereq yeah and I
message them the other day I was like
hey you haven't used this account in
like five years
can I have the handle yeah I never got
back to me cuz they never use the
account yeah
so what squatting on it yeah I'd like it
I'm sorry
it's alright it's fine but it's not any
case you can follow us on Twitter day of
I always tweet what time we're about
going to start or follow us here on
Twitch okay that's how you do it alright
so now we think the subscribers everyone
who subscribed to us during this stream
much like turbo Dangerfield
who says somewhere in a parallel
universe pack jacquard and Evan Richards
are also thanking their witch
subscribers
like twitch subscribers but in the
parallel universe they are thinking
there which subscriber okay okay okay
mr. happy life says pub G streams my
favorite try hiding in a bush that's a
good trick always works
always works Skippy P Brown Larry Kenobi
1138 1-1 3-8 probably say tx1 1138 da
jacket of Lucas the George Lucas thing
I'm trying to think of how I said I what
I say I usually say 1 1 3 8 okay okay
for 27 fucking months in a row says poop
amaz l um tongue mark-up for 41
motherfucking months in a row holy shit
fuck development heck - f you forever
Ben 8 - 77238 dark Jack wolf 666
beautiful ho says I've been making
stupid decisions all day thanks for
making me sit down and stop making
things worse job 1 1 so there's no
better way to end my day than listening
the to hack Franz
but seriously love you guys keep
bringing joy and laughter to my life
glad they do it
Loki JK I fiery dog poop solo 5 6
underscores seven for twenty four
fucking months in a row who says oh my
god 24 months thanks for the streams
Saracen says thanks rich for convincing
me to buy Dead Rising 2 you're welcome
no we
mn4 15 months in Rose says if you can't
get through the beginning of b5 just
give it be fine that one 5
Babylon 5 the good stuff starts around
season 2 and the bests are season three
and four just like the next-gen special
recommendation for season 5 episode 2
the very long night of londo mollari
ok cleaned o1m tilt for 12 months in a
row who just wants to and say anything
he's just very surprised
just just go fingers how you read that
tarred car says 4/9 mother-fucking for 9
motherfucking cocksucking months in a
row trying to cheat the system
yeah shack soda flip Master Yoda
pretzels 1 3 3 7 no nerve old hand saw
for 17 months in a row says I'm dreading
going to work tomorrow it's like I
killed John Wick's dog oh yeah he's
coming for you that work and that's in
that situation work is John wick and
he's coming for you work is coming for
you Bob said it too fast miss chunky
chunky haha 0 carmel 1913 a thesis says
yay 7 months what's the best movie where
there are cartoon characters in the real
world in some way Who Framed Roger
Rabbit Space Jam cool world did you ever
see cool world yeah yeah it's not good
no it's not it's really cringe ly not
good it's weird it's really weird
I'm trying to think of like a joke Oh
Star Wars Force awakens rogue one
grandma target yeah yeah yeah slob stir
claw look my giggle J bags 5 crocodile
brain 38 motherfucking months in a row
bentham 99 D 1 Eric for 2 G 3 Nutley
perfect our Miller for 29 fucking months
in a row says in honor of Jack's pub
stream an imgur link that I can't
actually click on do this right now
yeah why not okay now right click you
know for some reason it's not right
clicking copy goat over to cuz this one
this isn't gonna show up whatever it is
we don't know what the fuck it is right
I not gonna copy it doesn't look piggy
kid can that work that works that's fair
that is how the wait whenever I run into
another person that is exactly how I am
yeah in pub G I mean in real life as
well thank Sarah Miller deejay idk why
Jim Docs oh man
99 78 for 13 months in a row says thanks
mates papa Riker and you have to do this
I go being just arrived I think respect
I've been just the right place to thrive
we can I do too in the back of the head
if a godfather 42 for 3/3
fuck my mic my mouth now I'm out of it
yes
it's Godfather 42 for 36 motherfucking
months in a row you would like a stunned
me would like a fund me tenders confetti
it's a 3d earth confetti it's like the
day of my daughter's birthday no it's
confetti there was also blood what the
fuck is that other people just don't
know the godfather in this day and age
no everyone knows the Godfather
everyone knows the Godfather II Doron
for 16 months in a row game child UK
Tiberius current for 28 fucking months
in a row says this is a test of the
emergency hack bot system if this had
been an actual emergency this message
would have been followed by urgent hack
pot instructions such as trap or what
asks this concludes the read this
concludes this test of the emergency
hack boxes wet ass the Sally HS and rail
means rail for thirty four fucking
months in a row was a monster we
scrolled and I lost my spouse I'm down
Oh towba Tobin the gnome budget Messiah
for 20 fucking months and a rose is
happy 2018 you hack frauds wave knows
1313 4:16
months in a row crooked spiral for 13
months in a row who says lucky number 13
keep up the great work guys here my
favorite thing on Twitch thus ridin
ridin mister I love the ants they are
it's like maybe you're an ant scientist
enthusiast was mine that's fine answer
fucking cool man yes yes who says he ate
two months army asking kick some fucking
ass I'm just fire ants can I can I be
like can I respect ances intelligence
teamwork and engineering without like
being super Indiana the deadly Sifu
crystal skull they're an ant oh yeah but
they look terrible oh my crystal skull
because they didn't want CGI and then
cartoon le yeah James W Big Mac the dude
1944 fourth
yep 36 motherfucking months in a row
stop decided it's not fixed anymore no
no I'm tired of five there's a ton ah
again Thomas nah my time now I'm a time
of five Wilkins the clown for thirty
five fucking months in a row I'll psych
out there you just like that rich doctor
Sony's for thirty three fucking months
in a row says words of wisdom to live by
for 2018 room-temperature coffee is ass
garbage thank you jack
it's weird cuz all other temperatures of
coffee is delicious I tried it I try to
like just impart my knowledge onto you
and you're welcome collecting data for
30
for fucking months in a row happy new
years hack frauds thank you
collecting mr. shields easy for thirteen
months in a row says Wow
the purveyor of this very twat sure that
we use leftover beefcake for 38
motherfucking months in a row
who says eastbound and down loaded up
and truckin Jack's gonna do what they
say can't be done eastbound and down
loaded up and truckin Jack's gonna do
would they say it can't be done he's got
a long way to go and a short time to get
there
it's pub GE just watch old Packard run I
don't know that's a smoking about it hmm
you spotted ounce from smoking into
management watch ol bandit run Wow
79 William time mill grand ma Tarkin -
who says the Jedi are extinct God their
fire has gone out of the universe
you my friend are all that's left of
their religion wickless for 39 fuckin
months in a row how many 39
motherfucking months in a row that's
exactly how many Cousteau's de Leiria 90
p duels says how can rich be so wrong
about literally everything what now what
now motherfucker oh I thought you were
gonna go into it and like which thing
are they talking about I don't know it
just has to take effort to be wrong
about everything it does you work at it
no I think I'm right about most things
like do you do your research like what
does everyone think about this okay I
need to make sure I make the wrong
decision there is it that I said the
Star Wars was smooth jazz - dooms heavy
metal I think that's a highly accurate
comparison
you say a lot of things Star Wars that's
not metal that's not I mean I agree I
just you know I just I think people want
your training regimen for how you're
wrong about everything all the time
we'll work on it
Ali Raza for twenty three fucking months
in a row says rich thanks for all the
holiday screams you're welcome made them
more bearable no problem no problem
right
rebar Aryan librarian oh nice
lakyn for 30 fucking months in a row
says thank me baby thank me baby one my
time body smack Erick for 16 months in a
row mr. Alex Reynolds for 16 months and
Rose says thanks guys for all the great
entertainment love ya both hard touching
that's a good name like Jack limo and
lion slippers thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we really do that's why we I
say it's true like not because it's our
catchphrase but because we really do
Star Wars it's not metal
