Episode 016
Let's Try This Again. (part 3)
January 18, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6OMgglwjHI
___________________________________________

well we we dumb for like a couple more
oh yeah okay okay
oh yeah we're down for a couple more
Jack actually kicked some ass I did
pretty well this round I think I got
four kills that round that was pretty
good that's pretty good I'll take it oh
my hands got a little a little sweaty
I'm gonna I'm gonna take a bathroom
break you take a bathroom break oh man
dyno steps get some water okay did I
miss anything tip wise while I had my
headphones oh you touched a bit on
Raymond but Raymond legend specifically
is the one they brought up sure well and
you know Rayman Origins I think it was a
return to that like excellent platformer
I'd put that up there with like super
meatboy level platformer
where it was just so tight that what the
levels were incredibly fun they had this
great like chase the treasure chest
thing where you had to do things like
super fast and be super precise but
during the normal levels you could just
jump around and have fun it also had a
great co-op for kids okay because if
it's co-op and someone like falls and
dies then they just float in a bubble
and you can go get them and Mario they
do the Mario thing I think actually they
might have done it before Mario oh
really
I don't know do okay I remember I
remember playing that with my kid when
they were a lot younger and they they
always enjoyed that playing that with me
so I never played legends but origins
was super fun someone on the chat wants
to know how they beat the chef in Dead
Rising 2 been a while since I had a full
playthrough of Dead Rising 2 but if
memory serves the boxing the the boxing
glove knives combo is fairly effective
you Wolverine his ass that and just
learning his pattern it's a combination
um this time it's lupus is hey guys left
playing with you last week glad you
enjoyed it so this is Jack love to do it
again but if you want to give others a
shot that's cool
my birthday is Tuesday as a present can
we get some Don Wilson action I don't
know if I'm in the right headspace for
that no I'm Wilson I can do that I'm
doggone I play this game where you shoot
people you run around look for this
circle right right oh oh don't stay too
far out of the circle you'll die got
this great idea we read beans in the
game but you got to keep reading beans
better than the circle
uh-uh crazy mate 999 says yes people
cheer during movies watching Fast Five
when the chips are down and Vindi screw
is all about to quit then the rock says
I'm in and the crowd went fucking nuts
and to be honest I got into it - all
right budget Messiah says hey guys have
you gotten a chance to see the new
season of Netflix Black Mirror
I've not sorry I'm not I'm sorry if so
what was your favorite episode and why
was it metalhead also same question but
for Amazons electric dreams I'm
unfamiliar with this Amazon show
electric dreams I'm unfamiliar with the
80s movie about the computer that gained
sentience after our man spills wine and
his deboard and then the computer falls
in love with his girlfriend and tries to
kill the guy but I doubt it's a Amazon
show based on that call
parley says hijack and rich or called
Perry just donating a few shekels for
providing me with hours of entertainment
and fun moved away from my home in the
UK to Canada and you've helped a lot
through this keep doing what you do will
do will do glad to help you out
Joe kiddie double O one he says hey guys
you ever watch any pub G streams like
shroud or doctor disrespect no never
says well until doc she did on his wife
and quit streaming he quit streaming
because of that I I've heard of doctor
disrespect and I've heard of this
incident but I'm absolutely not familiar
with him I mean I mean I'm I've never
watched him I'm not I'm not that
familiar other than I've I've heard of
him and I've heard of the controversy
with him cheating on a wife who
supposedly was very hot to begin with so
kind of an idiot really tornado soul
says hey guys have you ever watched
quest for fire if so thoughts thanks for
the fun I have not sorry
I'm not wash quest for fire I didn't
know what it is honestly no idea no idea
28th the dress says I personally have no
problem discerning between real friends
and TV characters that I like because I
have no real friends also will you guys
be reviewing fateful findings the behind
the scenes debate on Neil Breen
continues it continues I'm I'm
advocating for more Neil Breen
I think I'd kind of like to go
chronological but I think we've got we
came to a little bit of a consensus oh
yeah yeah I'm saying I think we've come
to a bit of a sensitive consensus okay
that's all music okay all right you
ready I'm caught up
mm-hmm perfect this time it's lupus did
say you missed us that they enjoyed
playing with you last week I'm streamer
offside not sure probably I I don't know
I don't know all right well a great
lupus did I play with the officer Luis
Verde wants to be kicked out to someone
else completely okay eventine them every
once in a while like I'm in the mood to
play a little pub G and then you know
usually it beats me down a little bit
and then I take a break such as life
such is life
third or first what am i drinking
tonight of first thank you I'm drinking
water tonight I'm drinking water and
tonight's what up tonight did you send
me the invite I just left there you are
how about guile and meadow levan that's
all I got all right hey guys hello we
are in first person mode let's rock and
roll I can't hear over this punch punch
punching and first-person mode is weird
okay come here I'm gonna punch you okay
no your might you're the person I'm
gonna punch now for the risk for the
rest of this time is you I'm gonna punch
you in the face you're the guy I'm you
come here I'm gonna punch you I'm gonna
punch you over and over and over again
and you're the guy I'm gonna punch
you're the only one I care about
punching so the for the next 23 seconds
I'm gonna be punching you right in the
goddamn wheel you've come oh not you
this guy this guy I'm gonna punch you in
the goddamn face over and fucking
where'd you go where'd you go where'd
you go
oh I'm coming to punch you in the face
I'm coming I'm gonna punch you in the
goddamn face
got away from me
where we going where we going jack is
about water he sounds like a jack where
do you what oh shit oh fuck man I don't
know that's a great choice but I think
he needed a little bit more specific
okay great let's wait till we get to the
end here and hang out like a Miss area
all the way up there all right yeah
let's go here is all right let's see
what's over there yeah that is a new
area that is Sherratt we probably were
probably only gonna make it like hereís
what you know like this issue area let's
go over here see how far we can get
all right
what are we jumping what are we jumping
and just taking all the way now our real
goal is just to make it past the big
city that's what I'm hoping I want to
make it past the big city there's like a
big city right there and we want to make
it past that maybe go through that later
but
I think we're gonna be horribly close to
the big city yeah yeah looks like we are
well then should we bite the bullet and
go to the big city wait anybody know
there's like a manhunt or is that a tent
like 300 what's it that way yep
that's it well hit let's hit up these
houses that are right by us first all
right all right fight our way out of
them and then head over to the mansion
yeah yeah yeah all right we got guile we
got medve Levin actually don't see
anyone around us
alright you say that but I've got
nothing well I got a summer landing
shenanigans I got something how about
you get on it don't you pick a landing
zone that doesn't require us to spout
fucking wings jack fuck off I'm gonna
get us a car take us to the spot we
originally mark
well I got something
get center right here pick me up Kyle
pick me up all right let's go
where are you guys
we're in a car jack
but like we're in a car that's us we
have a car oh great
driving down out of stuff we're gonna
make things a little easier it's nice
me me beep hey nothing up here check in
the shed yeah that's that's alright well
you guys want to go we did we got time
we're in the circle whoa hey guys
we know where we go but I need a gun
we're gonna let's go to the mansion then
alright I mention all right that's over
here
I think there's easy shit in there ow
wait Oh barely we're getting out now
yeah it's fine it's fine
there's people here people here all
right full alert full alert
shit see I'm on the second floor there
knock Oh rich there shit in here there's
good backpacks in here God actors people
anywhere first aid kits where are people
second floor of the two-story building
on the inside and floor of the two-story
building heesu
he says the red one outside or the
inside one inside inside where do you
see people are they telling you rich in
the building second floor is what
they're saying in the building a second
floor
oh nice weapons in here where I am a k47
more yeah yeah yep coming in a k47 in
bullets I desperately desperately need
something yeah in here the best in my
building
or am I for the room I was in talk to me
retorted the same there's a vest in the
building where somebody was at best and
a helmet I'm gonna use a helmet and a
backpack I could use a vest oh there's a
helmet up here rich yeah in that room
this room no all right we're gonna take
that big building shit
oh is that someone's you shot a fucking
arrow at me
yeah we're being shot well I think all
they have is an arrow let's go over
there I doubt that's all hey she shot a
fucking arrow at me they're trying to be
sneaky
i oh where are you going what are you
doing you don't know that we know
they're they're trying to draw this
guy's attention this way so they're in
the big house yeah that big the big
building close there why they're
shooting at us all right I need to
communicate for Jack here what's our
plan okay we could bail or try to take
them
Jack and I don't have it I do not have
it okay gun are we gonna bail or try to
take them one of us does not have a good
gun here as for me I'm asking let's take
him Jack wants to take him
does everyone concurring as a pistol so
all you've got a Oh somebody has this
epistle Jack you can have my I have a I
have a shotgun you could has a shotgun
you can have would you like the shotgun
it's a deal okay
I dropped a shotgun Jack wants to breach
and clear right all right Jack got one
of them good news coming Matt news
there's an arrow in my face somebody
would knock one down but our teammate
took an arrow to the face literally
literally did you take damage first Oh
interesting
you know which building they're in okay
they're what what building are they in
here that's what we're asking what
building it is to be to in this southern
or northern sorry two-story building no
northern two-story building okay
oh they have a jeep too
there's probably somebody in the third
story I would bet on it alright so
they're in the three story building the
three say there's somebody there there's
almost always somebody there but where
did you get shot from the two storey
building of the three-two story for sure
two story for sure well let's deal with
that first then okay I'm just saying
watch your back I'm gonna pass you let's
go
jacket there are people upstairs I'm
sure you take I'll take that outside
here the South West or Southwest
building
wait wait I'm coming for you I had to
kill them first shit shit shit shit shit
shit shit shit and yep they got me oh
wait there's another there's one up here
rich I guess one up here in alive up
where where I am because metal vans dead
this guy I'm gonna see if I can find
some bandages here I'm hurt I'm gonna
throw a grenade in there nope never mind
there's no one in here it's empty it's
empty
oh I have a first aid kit band-aid Joe
over here rich okay I'm heading towards
your what yeah I'm gonna grab this Pat
don't everybody yeah yeah for me all
right we're doing great we're doing
great I don't think they got I think we
interrupted them what happened to van
Duren or a metal van what happened to
metal that believe he's dead
well I know but what happened I don't
know how I'm so well I'm asking because
I like as you care cuz thank you I want
to know the story rich where are you
uh-oh
do you got the med pack I'm I'm yeah
okay I'm doing some looting here though
I'm here yeah that was me that was me
I'm sorry I figured it was you house me
Jack do you need any meds
God what happened in that other building
were you in that other building
I wasn't got newsy and then came over
here and killed this guy over here
what's up
I want to loot these guys over here
I killed both of these bastards we got
all right there you got oh you got
nothing whatever does that usually take
nine millimeter okay does did Jack do
you need meds no I'm good
Jack is good about you Richard uh I
don't have any of my inventory but I'm
fully healed now well mostly fully
healed I had a bed pack that I've used
here take these okay cool nothing all
right so what's the plan now
wait are we taking that other builder
now the 33 story is that the plan you
want to go to the three story yeah all
right
I think Kyle's already there well I know
that's why I want oh let's go
I'm it get in there we go
is there anyone in here guile or have
you're not cleared it okay what shotgun
here somebody needs a shotgun fresh TT
vest right here I'll take that thank you
so what's the word is there anyone in
here I don't think so Oh
all right so what's planning we chilling
out here for a bit or oh there's stuff
oh no there's not no right there is
there's stuff under the beds um I guess
we could yeah I have this thing I'm
being told I missed the cool sunglasses
like that five five six oh my god guile
is in the next house already sufficient
guile is efficient guile is efficient no
it'd be nice if you told us you're going
to another room just house I mean no
we're just just so we're all on the same
page you want a team here man all right
I'm heading over to go okay yeah where's
it at upstairs nice that was me
okay this this mouse has a hair trigger
just a hair trigger you can rest your
index finger on your middle mouse button
that's what I started
as a building alright building to our
West building to our West's okay are we
now we're driving are we walking and
they were walking great let's walk well
we could take their vehicle we may need
one anybody see any decent scope that'd
be nice I don't think we need to get in
their vehicle right now I think we just
keep it in mind
keep it in mind yeah well and we have
our vehicles hanging out somewhere right
this doors open that's concerning that
doors up into I alluded that hmm is that
you yeah that's it yeah I'm just moving
this a little bit okay
be kept be conscious going up there a
lot of chef's disturbed over here Oakley
all right goggles everything's fine
all right we're safe from hanging out
around hang out outside that we are
indoors I would hang out yeah we're
gonna need to move oh yeah let me see
car where do we want to take the car
yeah we're gonna god it's too too far
what's happening what's going on what do
you mean what
everything's fine jack great we're
getting in a car yeah have her head into
the circle hey guys
they see me rollin then they don't know
that I'm white and nerdy to me I'm
waiting nerd eh
yeah in a circle here is
look what broke what up
yeah
oh my god
this is a roller coaster alright thought
that balcony door was open there might
be I have smoke people around who've
been closing doors behind them
sure yeah these doors up here open yeah
my kid we might get some sloppy seconds
need to watch out from that hill to our
West there we are
vehicle movement northeast maybe
let's see it I'll be coming here coming
here
alright they left for now oh yeah
they're always away okay do either of
you guys need a scope for it let's go
check out that other house what you like
it here I'm a terrible shot I mean I got
a red dot scope that's you know why
that's probably fine for me oh I'll take
it thank you yeah that other house looks
like it's picked through but I mean
there could be something in it yeah I
think supply wise I think I'm decent
Reese
oh wait wait there's someone that
building directly east they just jumped
out of the second floor a lot I might be
able to hit them if they start running
and which building the small one no no
they're in the tree the the red roof
tree what's the rush they were over
there they were they were east and
they're not East anniversary shit except
for there they're shooting them now I
got someone a couple times
guy that just shot is gonna be close to
this red building
see anything out there no just that guy
he's staying hidden behind his tree
because I headshot
shit do they see us that guy was on the
hill at 1:15 okay okay what's his aim
rich on the hill 1:15 where the trees
are I make my way to that big red house
yeah it's probably a good idea corner of
the big red house
everybody's that wait I'm healing I'm
healing shit I didn't think about that
shit I thought it was healing I'm not
I'm gonna die it's fine get in the van
get the VIN I'm down I'm down yep we got
to leave you know I'm down I'm down oh
no damn that circle oh no I'm coming
crawl towards safety bitch well you know
what I killed some decent people that
killed a decent number of people all
right Kyle it's up to you no I did
terrible I couldn't hit shit I'm
completely useless when I play this game
I I don't know why I don't know why I
can't hit anything in this game I think
I get too nervous well and sometimes you
know because there is server lag every
once in while you need to adjust where
it's like shoot a little bit in front of
them to deal with server lag yeah it's
just like you're not just aiming for
them you want to even a little bit in
front of them and yeah Bruce and I
killed by the blue circle but hey we
made a pretty Dern far I'm pretty proud
of us rich yep and we were in it we were
in it this time we got our hands dirty
we fought at the mansion that was
awesome it's my mouse sensivity it might
be mm-hmm it might be too high I'm sure
I'm sure
well yeah and then you just get so
nervous yeah blood gets pumping you're
like yeah yeah yeah I know I love it
that's like that to me gal you great
though go you're great Oh Kyle's on top
of it I mean you know thanks for leaving
us behind but hey you know he made the
right decision we were dead weight we
were but like that's the that's the
exciting part about this game that's
what makes me excited about playing this
game in general is those moments where
your blood gets rushing it's very real
it's very visceral
Oh crazy crazy oh he thinks he can hide
in a bush is that what he thinks he
could hide in a bush mad Bush strats oh
nice girl those book that Bush ain't
gonna save you Sun bushes are for ivy
have you abandoned the bush Sarah bushes
are great for hiding but as soon as
someone shoots at you and a bush you
gotta run the fuck out of there right
there's no cover in bushes oh my god
through the trees through the brush Kyle
you're mad man
right there's three people there's three
people out there somewhere hopefully
they're not on the same team right son
of a bitch son of a bitch you can do it
girl nice
oh hey our team made it to second place
yeah our team hey I contributed this
time I feel I killed a lot of people I'm
gonna be okay taking that second place
excellent job excellent job team
excellent job nice work whoo all right
so what's the plan Jack let's do it all
right that's fine let's do it again
we'll see if there's anyone new to this
this is what I'm here for tonight that's
fine we'll see if there's anyone new who
wants to join in this time you keep an
eye on Oh I mean Kyle does no one wants
to do but I see we have a couple new
people so god I'm sorry oh my god I'm
sorry gal I have to let you go it's all
over but thank you for playing it's all
over Kyle we really appreciate it I'm
gonna I'm just I'm gonna leave the team
I'm gonna leave the team
that didn't get rid of you guys though
yeah blue blaze I'm gonna I'm gonna
accept you - hold on we want you you and
you we got it we got rich we got blue
blaze and we got ha once okay that is
the plan come on you too blue blaze I'm
gonna get one of them crate you're gonna
open a crate live on stream what what do
I got what's in your car a race where
are you gonna open the damn thing you
know it's silly yeah it's a little
cumbersome blue blaze come on I got I
got shoes I got some Brown ugly shoes
okay yeah all right let's go let's rock
and roll
let's uh let's do it rich you ready I
can't put my shoes on Jack don't put
them on you do you you oh they're ugly
they're so ugly I'm just thinking what
my old shoes Jack all right I'm ready
get ready man what are you doing where
are you going there you go all right
let's make this happen
they're nice they're nice sensible shoes
your shoes I think I have enough points
for a crepe but I might be changing I
might be saving up for a sex change
operation I don't check so cuz you know
I usually do like to be a lady him but
you need a lot of points to be a lady oh
shit I forgot to do first person that's
fine it just defaults to third person I
can't I can't get it to do the whole
Dame yeah or that yeah the whole idea
whoa whoa
aim down sights whole aim which I just
keep that I had them both on hold for a
while and I wasn't working out I don't
know I'm gonna bolt then hold and we'll
see what happens there's a separate ABS
hotkey I need to have settings control
alright hey guys let's head for this
little town let's jump out right about
now we're gonna go over the mountain to
the little town over the mountain to the
little town right all right that's the
plan we're not gonna deal with the
mountain because I think everyone's
gonna go to the mountain I'm gonna pull
my chute now but there's a tiny - oh
shit nevermind we are no matter what we
are going to the top of the mountain
that's just where we're going we're
going to the top of the mountain
change of plans go to the top of the
mountain I'm so sorry everyone
there's gonna yeah there's so there's
people here already I'm gonna punch
someone to death
I'm behind this Biddy I'm gonna punch
her to death
that's my plan no shit there's a there's
a lot of bit easier there's a lot of
biddies here pump someone to death I
punch someone to death nice
or a couple of I punch two people to
death I punch two people life is great
okay fuck what's happening oh I don't
know I'm looking for guns or something
and I'm keeping my eye out for the other
people that are surely around of course
man it's okay just punch him to death if
they show up Oh guys it's okay I have a
crossbow it's perfectly okay
everything's okay because I have a
crossbow I got a pistol great
oh hello I actually got a good gun
great great
Jack what you're getting too far away
from everyone well I gotta find the guns
man I got a gun it was that you know
know that any of us
okay I'm back I'm coming back to you I
needed bandages cuz I'm all fucked up
from my punch fights so watch my sex I
got a heal up hold on Jack what are you
not watching my six I'm dropping a
shotgun oh I have a good gun that's all
right oh you have a good gun yeah yeah
you can keep your shotgun all right all
right where is everyone
what's going on with meeting up we are
in the circle we are in fact a dead
center circle are we worried about other
people being around here I don't I don't
think I'm willing to declare this area
clean oh god no there's someone to the
east
I guess if they come we can always just
punch him to death good plan
like in in the ruins east yep
there's some police vests over here for
anyone who needs him level one
yeah I could use a police vest oh it's
over here but come to me level to helmet
on me wear my helmet go oh god damn it
exactly put on a cap okay yeah that's no
good
who's that is that one of us I am
walking in this building where you are
what someone might have just did a smoke
bomb thing was that us or was that
someone else someone else someone else I
said I said clear to the east
Jack were you're nowhere near everybody
else I feel this was that friendly fire
or someone in here with me you gotta be
nice where are people we got him whoever
he was great
great it'll come with time risk so much
you want to go to that town you marked
out and then maybe swing over to severe
knee alright what are we doing what's
going on what's happening we're talking
about where to go okay great
and I'm peeking around for bandages in
here I don't see any I'm heading oh do
you need some I could use a bandage uh
yeah I've been he just a rich take this
here yeah I just dropped him in here
thank you let me use a lot of guns in
this tower where I'm at
like some nice machine gun how bad are
you actually here I just dropped the
first aid kit somebody dropped me one
jack I got a kid who's that us I'm
presuming it's us dad it does that's ok
great great great okay
so what's going on what's happening
what's going on so it's what we do
checking out this tower I guess let's
check out that tower if anybody doesn't
have a vest there's a vest also in the
bottom one or two I took I took that
already yep all right cuz I'll check out
this tower then what's going on with a
circle are we in it we're a tower now
we're way up in it man
you guys what's going on hanging up here
in a tower what do you wanna do what's
going after oh we don't know what's
going on oh great we're in the circle I
think we're we're kind of chill right
now honestly yeah
yeah that is true we are kind of chill
unless somebody wants to get on the move
you know I I have plenty of like
bandages the first-aid kit but I could
use like some energy drinks or something
like that we could go to the original
plan and like see what's on the other
side of this mountain cuz if people
aren't probably over there but if the
circle closes up the mountain right now
we have the fucking high ground and you
know I loves me some high ground well
what does everyone thinking what is this
I guess we're all kind of doo doo doo
doo doo oh you guys are leaving are you
leaving I don't know
nobody's said anything about leaving I
think because of the what what's the
complaint says that North would be good
right I have a suggestion we go to North
that's what I'm hearing
okay let's do it ride north we're
heading north it's fucking rocket
towards that orange marker sounds good
okay from that socket there was a
motorcycle but those things are a
deathtrap
yeah I know I don't think I like the
motorcycle very much yeah that's not
being motorcycles I'm rich and I had a
very bad experience recently with the
motorcycle
you do we're gonna check out this funky
round building funky round build and
everything needs its own jingle rich
don't you think no not everything
I do bee do do funky round building like
like the Bill Cosby rape trial probably
doesn't need a jingle
I mean Touche
a blue blaze what are we doing down here
what's going on trying to change my
controls and I don't want to die I'll
talk about it all right way ahead and
head into the marker we're heading right
you're so far ahead of buddy everybody
else Jack it's comical know how well
that's how what that's me I'm right here
next to you oh that's hot whatever so
you were yellow in the other game okay I
guess what I'm saying rich is settle
down that's what I'm trying to tell ya
is that you need to settle down let's
see where this circle decides to close
let's see how fucked we are
hasn't closed yet it's getting there ah
now we're still good it's like we would
have had some decent you know we would
have had the height advantage the whole
way wait I hear a vehicle guys we're now
out outside of the new zone when it like
contracts again wait there's a vehicle
really nearby is that how one nope
all right where's it coming from
shoot them please yes okay their
teammates are not around you can revive
me is the guy dead
now can we kill him
I'm killing him because I wanted to take
my time I got a proper headshot great
hey he brought us a car thanks guy that
that was nice of you
this guy's got a shitload of weapons
scar-l I know that's a favorite of many
people who can actually aim and I'm
taking a stylish coat you take his
stylish coat I took his a silencer and I
might take his energy drink if that's
okay with everyone rich you'd actually
need you might need the energy
oh that he has a medkit rich and bangin
is first aid that I'm just gonna use and
then a med kit I mean the energy drink
that'll heal me all the way right yeah
drop one I'll take it sure hold on
anything first there's a second scar
here I can provide for my one or I don't
know how to drop this one all right I
dropped it thank you I don't trust my
aim in this game enough use the scar
honestly it's fine it's gonna say oh
yeah I get I wanna i like my okay I'm
good I'm good all right okay okay you
know what fuck it I'll try it
where's the dad was it in the crate yeah
it's a pretty good gun what kind of a
Melissa take five five six I'll drop
some for you yeah I'll need some and
should put a grip on it also that angled
for grip okay
Oh five-o you got some ammo I have ammo
for now I think I'm good oh you probably
brought that I'm an idiot I'm just an
idiot it's okay everybody I'm an idiot
all right car
um I mean doing me right we're right
next to the circle unless we unless we
do want to explore down there but I
think that's where he came from
so yeah I guess we just go back up we're
pretty close to the circle I guess we
could just stay on foot Yeah right
yeah that car every single time every
single
that's how we knew they were coming
right uh can you hear me
yeah I can really Jack can but I can if
you say anything about I'll relay the
message
doo-doo-doo
so uh hey check I got a attach that's
the they have an attachment for your
sniper rifle okay
the quick-draw Meg yeah extended how
what has it I'm here drop it someone
picked it up I II did not pick anything
up I picked something up oh okay
oh nice that gives me 20 extra extra it
goes per magazine that's great thanks
guys this is good teamwork we're doing
great we're doing okay
I feel like this is a camping trip and
we're having a great time and murdering
people
technically I got a kill I don't know if
I got the down or not I know I'm
shooting at him I got the down you got
the down I was far away and and III only
shot him once cuz everyone else was
shooting him yeah you know better but I
got I got the down you've got the kill
everyone was shooting everyone was in
the meat of it now I was just hanging
back on ya the or which which one the
orange one here yeah yellow yellow yeah
I sit we're heading to yellow great
great uh geez the map got updated we
gotta go Waverly far away we are fairly
far away this we could go back to the
car if we had to we got two minutes we
can make it what do you think what do
you think what are you thinking oh you
run I'm gonna get the vehicle and I'll
get you on the way all right
uh what's going back for it he's going
back the vehicle we're gonna keep
running them
you're crazy huh what you're a madman I
want your badge and your gun your wild
card I can't have you on my force
I want my extended mag back ulterior
motives I love it what's his ulterior
motive he wants a sextet bag back oh
yeah we got a ways to go don't we yeah
yeah we sure do
you know what we sure do
rich as harmless as the chapel I look
badass so so rich will intimidate them
while the rest of us shoot him he'll be
the they'll be so awestruck by how
badass rich looks they won't even see us
what ranking I punched a man to death
earlier okay that was kind of Awesome
yeah I actually really want to see that
in the replay of this dream is is the
fist fights we got into to start the
match he dropped us smoke so the room
was just was in her house it was the
room was just filled with smoke oh yeah
I couldn't see his down body oh wait
we're coming up to a thing guys careful
oh so you're just like punching in here
what what what's going on oh we're
coming back with the carp all right
let's check out this area real quick
then pills H
watch out
ooh there's a pan here
sensual equipment anything in darn barn
and I'm taking the pan that shotgun
choke if anyone's shotgunning everybody
got one okay gonna take a quick take
those fingerless gloves though so I can
just be a little bit more badass so you
can be like super badass like that's
like ten percent more badass that's
right the gloves absolutely as long as
they're fingerless like regular gloves
that's for weaklings fingerless gloves
now we're talking
all right ready sure let's go we gotta
go vows yes
right like the wind how what's like the
wind don't know too crazy because we
don't want to flip like the wind whoa
we're gonna Thelma and Louise this
motherfucker I love just looking behind
and seeing that blue wall
I'm gonna go up to these trees over here
on top of this hill yeah yeah we'll
probably get shot at on the way up there
I'm sure three two one
how do you see the box over there is
that what he's talking about
no no no no the hill we're talking about
getting shot on the way up the hill the
Northwest 325 incoming shots 325 eh
yeah that's kind of where the where the
red boxes are you down what is down
where is he
I see him oh shit he's dead
shit shit shit where were they touch it
coming from 220 I will pour all over the
hill the way you were going the way we
were going oh I see him I see him there
at 325 still
all right you know I don't have a good
enough scope
where they go ah fuck I take it where'd
they go where'd they go there you go
they're on the other side of the hill I
think bridge if you want you to have a
skull from my body
I'll probably get shot doing it oh I got
one he's coming he's coming with us to
80 straight West from where you're at
rich all right yeah they're coming
towards us they are now at 290 280 still
up the hill like straight West circles
coming in Oh is it closing in on us
yep
here's one's gonna hurt car car
the upper car car get in get in get in
get in get in
go like the wind rich Evans like the
wind fuck yeah
I get over this cliff yeah let's heal
and keep an eye out for our nobody tries
to shoot us while we're on the bridge
okay I'm gonna first-aid kit then I'm
gonna hop over and take a look oh shit
shit where are you guys going across the
water eventually cars coming though yeah
there's a truck station there they're
like waiting for somebody to come to
these women
I think we're swimming let's swim yeah
yeah where's a boat that's not really
gonna hats another target yep all right
let's pretty narrow here okay so they
won't be able to see you or shoot you
should there's a guy going into that
some too late did he get all this take
cover
where oh yeah no he was in the barn he
was in the barn oh look and oh another
treasure box dropped right behind us
oh look at that and so they're like hey
let's go look over there Oh yep look all
three of us fish in a fucking barrel
fish in a gosh-dang barrel
Oh yo yo there's some amount of auto aim
in this so it seems like incredibly
difficult shots I don't believe there is
any sort of auto America there are
people who use cheats to auto aim but I
don't want to I don't want to make it no
that seems like just people who are
insanely good at this game yeah that's
just good old-fashioned I'm good at a
sniper yep yeah we should report him we
should definitely report me right
basically what I'm saying is we should
definitely report them
