Episode 024
Tony Hawk: Pro Faceplanter
January 27, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHsORQsc0nQ
___________________________________________

let's find another game to play III like
I like playing new games I like seeing
what games they have to offer almost at
that I bought that I just bought
recently that that was super cheap maybe
on origin on origin you think you have
Morden right no I look I just looked
into origin and oh what what titanfall -
yeah cuz they have that apparently
really good single-player campaign and
it was like eight bucks I was like I am
might be worth downloading origin if
they have Tony Hawk I can only deal with
so many DRM nannies I certainly don't
trust EA's digital nanny you need all of
them man you need all the nannies
none of these are digital though all
these Tony Hawk's that I see just I'm
just gonna check real quick oh they used
to have it oh and to the in July the
headed Tony Hawk pro skater HD will be
removed from steam where is it then
hold on maybe this will tell us where it
is maybe they'll tell us where we can
get it now no reason given Tony Hawk pro
skater HD okay hold on then we got a
look at that Tony Hawk
HD is a shitty new one HD was a fast and
loose port by a no-name company yay
origin actually isn't too bad you play
as real trash heap is the real trash
heap
yeah but origin is EA and I don't
fucking trust those bastards not
especially in love with it would be soft
either but I certainly don't fucking
trust EA
I search skate on Origin and I got the
Sims Dark Age of Camelot that's that's
not how it works
games sports what do you got origin for
sports where's my Tony Hawk you won't be
getting digital versions of Tony Hawk
pro skater anywhere right now
Activision fucked up what I just reading
things
Activision of reading things Activision
you fuck
I want Tony Hawk now now that now that
we've talked about Tony Hawk that's all
I want
I think it's in my head now and I just
want how about the rest of the stream is
just your quest for Tony Hawk that's I'm
I'm not I'm not opposed to I'm
absolutely revert back see look tell me
how Pro Skater 3 HD revert pack download
I don't know what that means Tony Hawk
pro skater HD this is it
down low the same instantly DRM on Steam
you could try this and see what happens
I mean can i I don't know I've never
bought something digitally on Amazon
before neither have I all right hold on
I'm waiting you you do what you do you
do what you do I'm gonna hear anonymous
says you keep doing that I'm gonna look
up I only got two of these oh shit we'll
read read very slowly anonymous says hey
guys
have you tried playing age cube it's the
live mobile trivia game show that
sweeping the country and it has a show
starting right now it's only 15 minutes
at 2:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. your time
every day
I beg you an honors mutant oh great that
was great okay I think I got something
killer pie and now I'm not familiar with
this HQ thing you're talking about
killin pine nine nine seven says old
wizard voice I don't have an old wizard
voice you must reverse the desert plains
of the Microsoft Store then through the
jagged rocks have you played before
crossing the fire pits of origin I like
it it's the best I could do I like it
it's great okay
our old wizard voice sounds like Deckard
Cain who's Deckard came you know your
Deckard Cain alright I think I might
have it
Diablo old guy okay face
you've played Diablo the game we just
keep clicking that really
Diablo ya didn't look like my jam no got
it
you haven't i'm currently downloading
syberius kirk is saying you cannot fight
tony hawk or transformers games
digitally anymore because activision
lost the license and had to have them
pulled from all legit digital outlets
that's weird cuz i'm downloading tony
hawk pro skater on Steam right now I did
have to purchase it and okay so here's
the weird part I had to purchase it on
Amazon uh-huh and then on Amazon you get
the product code for steam and so then
you have to go to steam games activate
game like how you do so this is a legit
version okay it's it's pro skater HD
which might may or may not be a janky
port but I'm currently downloading Tony
Hawk pro skater and that's all I care
about
cuz that's all I want to play in the
world right now is Tony here okay I got
this in my head and I got a place per
skater you Amazon so has steam keys in
stock once they run out they're gone for
good
ah okay well there you go there you go
playing motherfucking Sony huh I don't
know if I've ever been more excited to
play game we have to remember to turn
off music okay so does that mean that
transformers the Platinum one is the
devastation isn't available yeah you
know what we'll check while we download
just out of curiosity I've no interest
in playing that right now but
okay Pro Skater age D okay
updates ah close okay so go to the store
at steam here no mistake the only thing
they have is the trans is
transformers the movie interestings
devastation isn't even that old right
that's very interesting
we're doing good we're downloading three
minutes left three minutes to tony hawk
everyone three minutes to tony hawk a
quick download yeah you know the anime
root like it looks like the 80s
transformers the movie yeah they're 90s
whenever that loan came oh yeah
that's what killed the Transformers for
me second second Optimus Prime died I
was out yeah yeah instantly instantly
I'm sorry I'm very sorry I was I was
never a big transformers person I didn't
get it my toys were hard to transform I
didn't like it how do you how do I do it
it's like you know for me it was either
a robot or a plane and I just had to be
okay with that because I didn't like
transformers
why would you ever not want them to be a
robot right that's what I always said -
it's like I have I have airplanes I
don't mean to be an airplane we're rich
and Jack unprepared again no I came in
with a plan of iconoclasts and I just
kind of got bored by it and then we
started talking about Tony Hawk pro
skater and now that's all I want to play
and it was hard to find so people died
rich get over it yeah but see when my
favorite character dies I no longer have
any reason to stick around with the
franchise
in fact you stopped watching you got
over you got over transformers you did
it that character I likes not around
anymore
sign me up though they'll put a we gots
is obnoxious replacement up to this week
what's poochy hate doing now absolutely
and hot rod was a PUD I don't know what
but it means there's a pun
what's a hot with a pun you know putters
PUD no I've never heard huh dick really
yeah I've never heard the term PUD
before
but Mark Wahlberg is still alive that's
true
Mark Wahlberg is an actor not even like
pulling the PUD what no I've never heard
this term before Danny it's gonna be
tough not playing Tony Hawk without the
music but we can do it
the noclip guys did a great pro skater
documentary for GameSpot when he was
producing the show the point I don't
have to check that out here we go here
we go rich
alright Jack I'm very excited for you
it's time Tony Hawk yeah yeah it's
stalling all right
these guys it's all directx for windows
yeah cuz we don't have that installed
a million times already just telling
Jack thanks
he's performing the first time setup of
Microsoft DirectX because we've never
yeah that's so weird if you've never had
to install that before for the millions
of games that we've played
I know I can feel it we're close we're
close we're so close to Tony Hawk what
the Hawking begin yes yes
dr. chug but mud I've explained this
before a lot of people are curious as to
the the Who Dat bit that I have
performed several times during best of
the worst it's imaginary suspenders
right no it's that let's think you're
sticking your thumbs and your suspenders
it's a character that I have created and
that characters only defining and only
characteristic is they stick their
thumbs in their arm
and they go who dad yes that's it that's
their cold lettering that makes less
sense than I thought I thought I really
thought it was imaginary suspenders oh
it's in your armpits I just go who dad
and it's a character that I may or may
not have created while you know under
the influence of things and J and Josh
just remember it from parties back in
the day so sound options was I did yep I
turned I turned the music all the way
down okay full volume
anybody don't want to see Tony Hawk
without the music right I wonder I
wonder how much this is this gonna be a
horrible mistake
very bad chat what's what's your money
on bald guy or girl where's your money
chat where's your money or Tony Hawk oh
whoa that'll be a first for you
she looks pretty cool
you've got a Red Hat the bald guy though
I know I saw that oh my god some Jack's
going with it Jack's going with the bald
guy that's where my money was Bob go
ahead Riley Hawk mm-hmm just got bad
hang time
she's got bad hang time sort of say and
then a bad hang time you know I'm gonna
go we're actually right hand oh my god
jack is going Red Hat this is a
curveball he throws the curveball uh
we're gonna go single session here
actually wait let's go just free skate
just so I can house gets all the money
the house gets all the money
when a free skates I can remember how to
play this game nope nice that rich
heavens I thought he was dead wow he's
so original so original and clever
saying that thing that everybody who
walks into the chat tonight is typed in
immediately okay
all right doing good doing good just
like this is weird
oh this is so weird you always not
monetize this video just I'm usually
gonna enjoy him Tony Hawk wanna be fine
it's fine
hopefully you know what hopefully it's
the same music
yes here it is
this Goldfinger
the greatest game ever got I remember
how to do also what what determines
whether or not you crash when doing
strikes well you have to you know you
have to land logically so you know the
wheels have to be straight and then I
think you have to hold down the jump
button again because you hold down the
jump button and you and you go like this
you crouch and then you let go to jump
then you do a little trick and you got
your wheels got a touch Chad I did I did
I did not show up late for that dress of
the worst it was I had family
obligations and I wasn't sure I was
gonna show up at all but unfortunately
the guy started so late I was able to
catch the last two rules weird we
started late family obligations had made
me late no family obligations that I
told them about ahead of time and I
wasn't it wasn't planned for me to be
there at all that was just a bonus he's
showing up great if you could show me
what it was there we go okay grab Olly
okay
Oh
I figured out again
and it was like different there's like
different combos you can do you know you
hit the right combination of buttons and
you be like the super sweet Tyrell and
break your ankle you use super sweet
trick and break your ankle
this is memories rich so you haven't
lost a beat this is great
the ones that could do I go you could do
like a backflip or something
oh did you get greedy Jackson I tried it
too much apparently
crying it's all about the grinding oh
it's you know what's crazy is how small
this level seems right now there's just
nothing to it but of course back in the
day it was the biggest it was the
biggest thing
well other other stages that are perhaps
bigger than us Oh probably hey let's
just hang out on the halfpipe
whoa nice 360 melon what does that mean
I don't know wow I remember how to do
this specials I want to do this super
awesome specials do I have to unlock
them maybe maybe a unlock them it was
the first time you played this version
before yeah
the regular of the HD yes just one oh
god no idea no idea when you're on the
page that's what I thought I saw
something that said 2012 but don't quote
me on that
I'm saying you haven't gone everywhere
on the stash their money in this area
you see what's up there
is that just where you come down from
that's just where I come down from my I
can go back up well that's you shouldn't
have that much more muntin no that's
just how it works oh yeah okay Wow and
then you can break through broken ankles
oh yeah oh I see look like radical
yeah look at that
that was crazy all right I think I'm
figuring out different grabs that's I'm
doing different joystick positions and
that's what's giving us our different
grabs how do I stop oh I didn't realize
like that we've got no chance if I came
back what what I is just to there I
don't know you're like just broke and
you went on your back two wheels and
things yeah I hit buttons those manuals
are big points by the way yeah oh yeah
how did I do it now how do I even do
that what button did I press because
then you can let you go from like a
grind it's like a manual and then off a
ramp I just remember them being big
points but I don't remember none of the
buttons I seem to be pressing while I'm
working now you use them to chain into
big points well that's that's what Jack
was just saying just literally I mean
apparently he got it you have little
faith yeah okay
all right I got a dua I think I get
enough of this now to start the story to
start okay
you push forward then back quickly for a
nose manual side to side for a similar
it's a for the back for the mech we're
side to side apparently great are you
playing the d-pad all right warehouse
career let's go what do we want
let's do it
joke kitty 0:01 says what was that
fantasy RPG that you both liked ever
gonna play ready it has great mods
there's there's just too many games to
play I don't know that I'm ever gonna
get around to skyvan anytime soon
but I believe the RPG you're thinking of
that we both liked was Dragon's Dogma
that that is true
now it's Dragon's Dogma we both liked it
for very different reasons if I remember
correctly we both liked the exploration
and the the random giant monster fights
oh yeah I don't know what we had a
difference of opinion on if much I'm
saying this is your Dead Rising what
this game Tony Hawk yeah oh no I'm not
nearly as good relatively speaking
here you're just getting back and oh
yeah
they're like there was a time yeah where
this was absolutely my dad right gotta
remember how to get no no nice person
he's up there there was a time where
absolutely this is my Dead Rising I knew
all the moves I had all the unlocks okay
thank you
nope fucking Brian is getting the lead
part of story mode it's extra points to
get all it escape is the story mode yeah
yeah I got it right in time to fall on
your ass that's fine I got it so don't
jump just right up
yeah yeah fuck this on PC or console
right now this is on PC but you can't
it's on Steam but you can't find it on
Steam you have to go to Amazon and buy a
key that they sell on Amazon right to
then input into Steam right to get in
kind of like through the back door
telling you hard times dead rising
there's an idea
zombie zombie skateboarding people you
gotta do sick tricks off the zombies to
kill them there's a skateboard and Dead
Rising but there's not that much in the
way of sick tricks mmm if you have the
skateboard book you can do one jump
alright so do I need to do more to do in
each other I'll fulfill I think I need
to unlock all of these things so I need
a six core I need to find the secret
what's the actual story you know what
maybe this one didn't have an actual
story I might be thinking of later Tony
Hawk's okay which had which had you know
like little career modes where you would
where you would you know like build up
your rep as a skater and and have to
like do tricks for the same for head the
career mode okay well can you get you
get a key on Amazon before
it's okay we're gonna order just gonna
play this out we're gonna get some more
levels if you want me to make full
stream on that oh yeah fuck yeah yeah I
got to figure out some more moves
because right now right now am I like my
only knowing alleys is I gotta figure
out how to do all the special masters
what is okay well you know they're just
getting a little old is what they're
getting and I need a six core I'm not
gonna get it this time you're not gonna
get my six core this time well there's
something floating in the other you
missed when you first went down there
yeah
just kidding I'm getting my Tony Hawk
legs back
so you'll also get less points for
repeated news
nicolai saying you only need one more
unlock at the next one
great hey then I got it I just found the
secret DVD hey level unlock school - we
did it
board unlocked Paris oh gee yeah all
right nonnamous says fight a giant robot
scorpion get your brain back from an
evil scientist and blow up military base
for the space laser another taste of
what you can do in Fallout New Vegas try
it up I got I got some dead rising to
play you're sorry I'm sorry
here it is see these we got a buy you
gotta buy your extra turret we've got a
biome that's amazing
in do I want the Indy front flip though
I thought I was gonna complain to
pricing three for a wild boar that I'm
going to end up playing it
oh the Christ air yes so short no
thought at all it's - that me killing
just like they wanted like just like the
lowest common denominator demanded
all right I can only forward a couple
grabs at the at the moment by Stan's
true-blue review says hey guys I've come
to realize that I'm the rich Evans of my
group of friends any idea on how to best
fit into the part from the man himself
what are the signs for anyone who thinks
they might be one not sure if that's
insulting or not quite frankly
I can't can't give you any tips for you
know being yourself it's just something
you do how to be more like Christmas you
don't want to be like me in which case
then you're definitely being insulting
well right there being a dick dick
Anonymous is rich I know you hate
talking about mass effect but I can't
help but ask but your take on biotics
what was your take on bionics did you
think it was too far-fetched or did you
think it had solid solid logic for
sci-fi space magic now with sci-fi space
magic I like to ignore it as much as I
could
biotics brain powers Jedi powers
basically I feel the same way about
counselor Troi and next gen tales I
never cared much for the these psychic
aliens sure sure that's fair I think
that's fair you know aliens that were
evolved to sense the coming of death
that's a stupid concept
at the pro score you know I write it on
yeah you know I who did what was that oh
that was uh that was Star Trek discovery
right yeah we're we're the first officer
can sense the coming of death it's just
well I just more so that was like
nervous all the time like I get that all
right
well and they kind of explained it right
like you know breeding breeding the most
scared
which XCOM 2 has psychics in fact it's
central to the flock yeah hello
what it is but I wanted
i-in okay specifically in the first
XCOM plus so less so in the newer
ex-cons but Abbi original x-com once
once psychics became a thing oh yeah at
that point your guns just kind of become
meaningless and and it all becomes just
controlling your enemy's brand sure so
I'm gonna say out of the out of the XCOM
games the the original fucking XCOM did
did psychics the most justice it was a
man it really was a game-changer nope
nope wasn't spot kind of telepathic
though yeah he was look I didn't say it
it's a deal-breaker and I will hate
anything little laterally there has any
kind of smattering of a psychic ability
I think that's exactly what you said
it's just usually not my favorite aspect
of science fiction things okay I I find
it easier to excuse the original series
because that that was an era when
science still kind of took it a little
bit seriously they were willing to test
these things in a lab like you heard
about the government doing like you know
remote viewing kind of experiments was
that they tried to use psychics to find
out what those I forget if it was the
Russian you're using them to find out
what we are doing or us using psychics
to find out what the Russians were doing
maybe it was both right and that we
supposedly you know the CIA dabbled in
these things to no effect but
yes MKULTRA
yes stranger things that's that's the
root of stranger things oh that's fun
they didn't they didn't invent that out
of whole cloth that's it's a thing no
effect that you know of rich no effect
that anybody knows him yes I wonder why
that is because the man because the man
controls that information is that why
rich is it because the man controls that
information
so I give the original series of pass
because sixties I'm still well we're
kind of looking into this it was kind of
a thing how'd you why there's a way I
figure I got to remember how nice way to
like get on
listen understand first game
so what's the golf cart guy he's just
there to fuck up your day really yeah
how interesting he's just there to fuck
up your sweet sweet moves do you think
we travel to other stars by sending tiny
spaceships spaceships that can build
robots that we can control and sent
Aeneas lead through quantum entanglement
well no because I think quantum
entanglement is a pipe dream
there's no useable way of communicating
with quantum entanglement
I don't I don't know the details off the
top of my head I heard it before and
then I just left quantum stuff gets
weird quantum stuff does get weird that
is a true statement
the towels made with unity we got we got
great rag dolls quantum computing is a
real thing it's just it's really early
infancy at this point yeah but that
doesn't have anything to do with quantum
entanglement that I know of
quantum entanglement is weird thing take
tiny quantum particle yeah and whatever
it's it's spin is positive or negative
there's a it has an opposite particle
and that spin is always the opposite of
what the the other particle is even if
it's on the other side of the frickin
universe so that other tiny particle is
it has a negative spin then the one on
the other side of the universe is gonna
have a positive spin and vice-versa if
it changes okay I'm with you and how is
that right violates what violates the
speed of light information like
transmitted information instantly but
this I don't know the details for some
reason that just won't practically work
if you want to actually communicate
faster than you there's some kind of
randomization going on you're something
in the spin even though you know the
ones always gonna be the opposite spin I
don't know the details and I'm just
gonna sound stupid if I try to sure know
the details I'm with you
but a reputable scientist will tell you
you can't use this to communicate faster
than light but rich I have faith I don't
need a reputable science well I am a
madam hello basically I'm gonna spend
all my time playing Tony Hawk and become
the best Butz Eric and Michael could do
it yeah that was stupid
it doesn't work because you can't set
the spin all you can do is observe what
the spin is yeah it sounds that sounds
like a peds about right I say with no
authority on the subject whatsoever
and sounds right I think that's the way
to go just go yeah I don't think I'm
gonna figure out get to where I want to
go
a more serious question when will we get
flying cars
probably never you don't want flying
cars the thing we have learned is we
don't want flying cars let's wait
so you know how people drive like idiots
now they have airplanes okay now all of
them have airplanes and they fly like
idiots we've basically we've we've found
something that has Netflix to us we were
all expecting okay culture argument okay
we're soon going to be at the point
where we have self-driving cars
yes what if you have to sell flying the
cars that see now you're talking and
that's where I was getting with my we've
Netflix ourselves which is we found
something we didn't even know we wanted
which is self-driving cars I think no
matter what with flying cars you're
gonna deal with an infrastructure issue
where where are our Airways aren't
necessarily built to handle traffic and
so now you're talking about completely
restructuring how we handle traffic
which is a big ass yeah but if everybody
has a self-driving car and literally
none of that will matter because we can
watch TV while our car drive this place
yes so we won't even care about flying
cars anymore like like well think about
this you know you're you're going to the
movie theater and you have your flying
car you got a little hand at the movie
theater or do you're gonna have to land
it you're like designated landing strip
and then drive to the movie theaters
depends upon the nature of the how you
how you
and if it can hover and go maybe you can
land right in a parking space yeah okay
here's here's where you would have an
advantage with flying cars or even with
self-driving cars you're still going to
have traffic a lot of people in a very
small area yeah flying you know flying
cars those those four lanes of traffic
once you start stacking them one on top
of the other that's like a hundred lanes
of traffic uh-huh
you would get places much quicker plus
you wouldn't have to worry about
following roads you would take the
shortest possible destination a straight
lock sure but what I'm saying is I don't
even think people will people will not
care about traffic now as soon as we
have self-driving cars traffic is no
longer an issue if a commute in a flying
car yeah is 20 minutes as opposed to a
commute and a self-driving car which is
still that's an hour for a long future
you'll want the flying car nope you'll
care about that forty minutes you're
sitting in the car even if you just
watch some TV you'll care about that I
don't think you will I wouldn't I
wouldn't argue traffic is more of an
issue in 3d if people were driving yes
if computers are handling this shit and
see like to me that's what Matt's what
makes this entire argument almost a moot
point because you're are you're only
arguing for planes if we have
self-driving cars I'm arguing for speed
as long as its self-driving yes yeah so
the argument is yes self-driving is a
thing yeah the advantage of flying cars
of speed I mean I think at that point
though we're gonna care far less okay
assuming self-driving technology is to a
place where people what am I saying it's
it's ubiquitous a lot of people have it
we it's much like Netflix it is going to
restructure the way people think about
what they want everyone thought they
wanted high-definition content until
Netflix says what if you could have all
people think they want less time in
traffic what they really want is just
more time in general okay is what I'm
thinking okay we got to play this again
no no no a sir this is not turning out
to be a great run basically what you
know what I'm doing here is I'm just
trying to like plan out my moves you do
that you do that so you know we're gonna
spend a little time on this halfpipe
here and fail fail fail sit anonymous
says do you have any option opinions
about captions / subtitles I had an
argument with a few friends where I said
it ruins the performances because I
finished reading the line before the
actor delivers it yeah I'd agree
I don't like subtitles but I need them
because currents really weird about TV
being too loud the volume she wants the
TV with and this is subtitles versus
what not being able to hear it is it for
my case oh no what was their question
ruins the experience of hearing the
actors performance because you've read
the line before the actors instead of
speaking yeah yeah
that'll be helpful need a goal
it was an expensive my I spent too long
fuckin around
that was better bedroom yeah like if
it's in your language
I hate subtitles like it clutters the
screen your eyes are going down to read
and not paying attention to the shot I'm
not a big fan of subtitles even for
foreign films because it diverts your
attention away from the shop and instead
of like watching an actor's face when
they're giving like a gut-wrenching line
of dialogue you're reading the dialogue
usually for a foreign movie I will
actually watch it twice once with the
subtitles on just so I can you know
understand what it's about and then once
with the overdub on just so I can pay
attention to the visuals
how did why did you grind magical trevor
37 says hey Jack
thanks again free Suzie asta Khalil
eeping at my suggestion to play Tony
Hawk later it would be cool if you
brought in a ps2 and Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater 3 is what I'm assuming those
initials mean for or underground they're
the best
thanks again jack is too busy playing
Tony Hawk to acknowledge too busy being
sick Wow oh my god the speed is
unbearable man who says Jack and rich
thanks for all the years of quality
entertainment would you agree that the
true plot of the Star Wars saga is the
story of three generations of people
hating on c-3po as they should
c-3po wasn't around long enough to hate
the prequels just gonna showed up same
MO same of the new ones so no I wasn't
here I mean he was in the new ones cameo
well they tell me shut up yeah and the
new ones they tell c-3po to shut up
there's crocodile brain says good
evening gentle as holes when well rlm
cover samurai cop - I thought it was
astoundingly awful that had to turn it
off definitely will be the best of the
worst nominee to be destroyed nope yeah
you know cuz they're trying to talk they
were in a joke that ruins it they were
they were absolutely in on the joke they
knew they were making a bad movie and it
ruined it
ruined that movie remember bad movies
are are fun when the people involved
tried yes when they tried to make a good
movie that's when it becomes funny
that's why it becomes funny right I got
a I got a pay attention to my goals oh
there is the last okay we are only
getting keys only worried about keys
right now
yeah getting them keys
izabel ever stop huh I think that's just
cuz I kept getting shit excuse me the
lamppost okay got the keys it fell down
minute left maybe I can get these camped
a wall ride the Bell was one of my
children right I remember
and I think those those belfry he's
telling me like that unbalancing yummy
mama says all the great TV these days
why hasn't there been a great original
sci-fi starship show like you walking
dead for us ships the expanse the
expanse is there and it's great
is that a ship like like the enterprise
they get a ship I thought that was more
just a future politics thing it's a
little bit it's it's the exploits of one
ship
well the Gish you okay okay oh it's the
Firefly is that the most recent one
that's a new property higher fly that's
a new property the well then do as
possible promise that's not like the new
Star Trek another Star Trek show
riah is bad well the Orville
oh the so the the expanse doesn't
necessarily follow the exploits of one
ship but it does follow the exploits of
one crew that eventually find the ship
okay but it's not like you know the ship
you know III understand what you're
saying like like in TNG kind of in all
the Star Trek's besides the discovery
this ship is the binding material that
brings all these people together okay
I found all the hall passes let's see if
I can find if I can find all
this time I'm gonna go for all the
letters this time
mama says would you guys download a
Carmen Sandiego game for Steam I played
those as a little kid and I can't
remember how hard they were how much of
a tip for two hours of Dragonball that's
just two different things how much of a
tip for two hours with Dragonball
fighters you scream I don't know
$3,000 three times
up there's a whole world up I don't know
about I don't know how to get to yet I'm
being super lame and I'm just kind of
like looking for all the letters
anonymous is rich I'm constantly
impressed by how much you know about
science I have a PhD in evolutionary
biology how do you keep up pops I books
also how did you learn to build things
eg you will think it over well well the
building things that's just necessity we
need a thing yeah I need to figure out
how to make it right
necessity is the mother of invention as
far as science I've I've just always
found science interesting and I I just
pick up things back when discovery was
still a oh that my channel that did
science and not bad reality shows
I would watch shit like the universe
constantly or whatever documentary they
would have about this or that
and I don't know I don't know that I'm
always that knowledgeable because I got
some of the gist but I think I just had
a very poor grasp of the details of
quantum entanglement earlier right I can
do a little I knew a little but I hardly
call myself an expert on the subject
yeah but I used to love discovery and
the History Channel discovery was great
that's what I'd be watching at any given
time discovery was just went you could
just put that on the background and then
like pick up like a shark's mating cycle
oh really I always loved the how it was
made shows just like watching watching
massed machinery make coat hangers or
whatever yeah that was always great
agreed
all right we've unlocked Mythbusters
didn't ruin discovery because edits hurt
Mythbusters is about the scientific
method is what this guy is what
Mythbusters is about
yeah Mythbusters was all part of
discovery and but they were an
infotainment hypothesis testing theory
and sometimes their theory was not
correct and they showed you why it was
not correct and sometimes it was and
they showed you why no Mythbusters was
fantastic
I mean they're testing silly things sure
but they're using you know vaguely
scientific methods noting a vaguely
scientific residents let's put it to the
test
yeah no sir Mythbusters is great
the two main guys and Mythbusters hated
each other
I felt so lied to coworkers and I don't
think that's true
coworkers don't always love each other
well they said they didn't especially
love each other well they're not they're
not close friends they're not besties
yeah they're very different people
oh yeah and by the way that was one of
my favorite parts of the show is they
were very different people
and I would I loved watching that those
barrels I was watching them butt heads
at the end of the day it does sound like
they respect each other so right barrels
of barrels barrels barrels
said barrels right now
No Mythbusters is not about fun
that's what makes miss Russell
Mythbusters special Susan's great miss
Mythbusters was great
y'all are crazy
yeah
by the way if you're if you're feeling
wistful for the old days of
discovery.com there's a thing now called
curiosity string okay earnest know it's
a streaming service that does science
stuff really yeah that sounds great
it might be worth looking into that that
actually sounds really fantastic they're
trying to be Netflix for science okay
we're doing is looking for barrels we're
just looking for barrels now
we got wake up wake up
idiot doctor lube it up says someone who
has spent hundreds of hours over the
past few years and self-driving farm
machinery yeah you need TV to watch to
prevent batshit insane boredom from
setting in really I really I really want
that guy try from the big thresher the
big harvesting fresher to not pay you
paying any attention to what's in front
of huh that's what I want that's that's
the future man that's the future you
know why
robots can do it better robots can do it
way better than that person robots
aren't gonna get into an accident that
person's gonna get into an accident hit
three hang time gaps nosegrind over the
pipe the pipe
mr. the kid lime says has there ever
been an instance of tasteful nudity on
the best of the worst and if not what
was the most worst slash most fortuitous
well it's all been the most gratuitous
because it's best of the worst
there's no I don't know what kind of
movies you think we watch that's like
asking is there any tasteful movies on
best Wars the answer is no we don't
watch tasteful movies on best of the
worst we launched best of the worst
movies
that's not especially something I want
to go through my mind and find the worst
example some do without that we go think
about the movie stuff maybe the most
uncomfortable right
I'm saying I don't know if this has the
full I don't know if this has the full
soundtrack there's something I haven't
heard yet that I've been waiting to hear
Jerry was a racecar driver by Primus
that was a mainstay
it's a big
oh I was close to the throw score
going for that probe score
doing a great job of it either
did you skate much in Hill no God I
blade it I was a blader I was a I was a
rollerblader
that's a kid that was my main mode of
transportation
before before I had a car and I have
tried to skateboard exactly a couple
times and fell all over my shit both
times it is not a pretty sight I never
had no it's it's intense it's a it takes
it takes a special kind of loon it takes
a special kind of crazy person but it
takes a real a real ballsy person to to
pick up a skateboard as far as I'm
concerned
once again just that pro score we're
grinding we need more grinding
duck jack you have six six sixes have
you guys seen evil a jury crime of good
time if not I highly recommend both the
two best movie from last year in my
opinion Oh or are they I got a smudge
here G major E prime or a good time I
actually had a actually literally had a
little smudge in the minor the made that
all look like a no okay wait so what are
the two movies a major E prime or good
time I don't think I've heard of either
of those movies I haven't either
I've not heard of any of those movies
sorry
I forgot the new level hey we got the
new level that's all that matters we got
the mall free skating a little bit learn
the mall I've heard of good burgers and
anything like that it's just like yeah
it's just like good burger
oh my god you died
13,000 points just for that that's what
is the skateboard zombie game coming out
apparently we're making it itself you
think it's just a gimmick yeah
skateboarding around somebody's doing
tricks tricks off of zombies I think
that's the real key you need to figure
out so here's the quote you know
skateboarders out seed boarding is all
about this forward momentum right so how
do you translate that into killing
zombies how do you set up your zombie
environments enough so that the zombies
are always encouraging forward movement
that's the question say there's a zombie
cheat in scape 3
okay
bring the noise rich alright and the run
and let's yeah let's do career mode oh
no no just like remembering time
well no no just for the mall why I guess
oh because like they were saying you
know there was there's no there is no
like career mode like you know it
apparently that's a Tony Hawk what did
they say underground where were you like
work your way up in the ranks that's the
next game I got to find a back door on
on PC is Tony Hawk underground or tony
hawk 3 or whatever they said it was
before
so just the the original Tony Hawk this
is the original family huh just with an
HD remake yeah this is the one you
played
oh I played home one day stop makeup I
don't know
till well today like someone who is in
charge of the thing went on to make
skates and remember they remember like
they had that weird peripheral no I I
don't but this wasn't the gym right they
had a they had an actual like a
skateboard you know back in the in a the
guitar hero hey Dena huh I can see that
where everyone wanted a peripheral they
they actually any moment I know but I
want it to work so we're gonna get
momentum I understand that back in the
in the good old peripheral days they
tried to make a skateboarding game with
a little skateboard and no one wanted it
no one wanted
and that's signal the end of the
franchise or something oh I don't it's
been a while
it has officially been a while so I'm
saying that car wasn't in the original
set an actual cars at an advertisement
Oh God
how many of you fine folks have a closet
full of plastic instruments oh man that
was all the rage that was all the rage
back in the day who can have the coolest
peripheral for the new gaming experience
so was it it was it's Kate
it was more the peripheral didn't work
for sure is that what it was
Reed pence
like I said I don't really remember fuck
you I don't remember I didn't get the
peripheral I didn't have it
but well whoa they have some physics for
you
oh thanks unity
like that's how you get the point to
grind that you do this nose manual and
then you do a trick off of it and then
you grind again scoring points is fun
rich oh that's right you start this
level over here
everything's fine guys everything's flat
always are well I didn't break every
bone in them but we're going back up
we're going back up that's fine we're
going back up guys weirdo hmm
Jackie you can see the song play oh damn
it you know what I wonder if I could see
the song playlist
I wonder if I need to like quite a pay
to unlock it thing what what Richard
play please I have no idea what I'm
doing
wait cheats cheats and unlocks what
staple all currently these are the
cheats
those are cheats that you can apparently
get I don't see any options for that it
says I just wanted to say thank you to
the whole RL improve getting me through
a bunch of crap in the last few years I
love how you all do what you love also
did you hear DC Universe Online is free
JK that's crazy
ringmaster ro dentist says hey guys been
watching since Octodad and it's been a
lot of fun I'm doing a b-movie festival
in April and wanted to know if you two
could film a little something for it no
film enough dude
wait I think I just saw that I can do a
front-flip it's a nice drawing was it
you feel that watching bad Louis's any
negative effects the pizza guy I did the
pizza guy rige watch it still learn how
to do it
I did the pizza guy why is this music so
crap the game came out a while ago not
saying that music was crap a while ago
but you know it's just no music well
that's the other thing is like the the
soundtrack is filled with kind of like
alternative rock hip-hop lesser-known
like that punk pop where you know it was
kind of like this is the music that
skaters listen to this is the music we
could get a hold of also this music so
super cheap
I do more pizza guys and then go back up
your big pizza guy happiness
that's my favorite trick is the pizza
guy Valentine that's time
oh he's gonna manual my way there then a
pizza guide now that I know that I can
do that it doesn't stop when the time
runs out as long as you're in the middle
of it we've got a trick combo I think
you can grind past the timer and it says
like if you are mid trick it won't like
kick you and so like a way to cheese it
a way to cheese it is to like you know
get an extra long grind
no way Shh right feeling pretty good
excuse me look you have to be able to
make it onto that top oh of course you
do right maybe this guy's just stop
isn't that the speed this guy baby for
the hang time or the hang time you can
you can raise your status well and I
think doing tricks makes you go faster
can you can you unlock new skaters yes
do you have any of your skaters oh nice
what but not nice I jumped off we're
going again rich you do it you need to
do I'm gonna get that hidden DVD
got it I got it that's all that matters
yes I got it Oh didn't account it look
like it didn't disappear today and yeah
I think I just figured out something
think I figured out something oh it's
not the hidden tape deck anymore you
used to be a tape deck cassette tape or
something another skater video oh is
that what it was because that's you know
skaters are well known for making their
own skate video yeah yeah that they are
and so you'd have to find like big it
shouldn't be the hidden youtube link
then now yes
- that's a fucking special meter
it's on trust with you
apparently it's mr. prime elevator she
needs someone special to do some of the
tricks that's what it was yeah like I've
been trying to figure out why I haven't
been able to do my pizza man it's
because that was my special and I need
to build up my special meter
noise man pizza man Wow the small is
awesome
no people well that's just like a modern
mall Tony Hawk ahead of its time out of
its time
okay wait
select skater select so in his in the
skate shop I think I figure it out so
these are all like the different moves
you can do and you can assign new moves
to these buttons of course they're
giving you the buttons for what the
keyboard controls are so I just need to
know that question mark backslashes be
okay and so these are these are the
moves you can do tail grab is back and
grab the side and grab all that stuff
right and then you can buy new ones
I go to my specials this one is pizza
grab is back and left
and I can't afford anything else
where's the blood of enron goose what is
that thing I don't understand this it's
very you don't have to crocodile brain
says dying to know what are your
thoughts on the Orval I love the first
six or so episodes so far and I'm able
to look past the occasional dumb joke at
this Fox as it raises some deep ethical
questions
I like the Orville but it's raising the
exact same episodes that the original
series in next-gen aired you know 20 40
50 years but how I get heard the
argument that moments it's a new
audience that hasn't seen those done
there could be an entire like Family Guy
audience that was just following Seth
MacFarlane there's probably uh there's
probably a decent which is finally
turning to Mike said no no
like I've never I'm not the orbital
isn't perfect but I still like it
I don't particularly like discovery like
at all so
what it's what are you doing man another
splash behind seven episodes in this
country kind what's that's what you want
absolutely you think I'm your own things
Oh what figured out how to do a
front-flip
run flip oh wow I figured out idea front
flip I like the way your special meters
instantly disappears yeah they know
I'm remembering how to play this game
now this is fucking
like I'm failing I'm failing oh my god
the ending is right there's the point to
get to the ending though or is the point
to get the score this is the point here
is to get the spoiler
oh that was a good job doc damn it I
wanted redo that random Tiki questions
thoughts on rich chose son of spending I
grew up with this son of Svengoolie
enriched chose I I don't I don't know
what I'd give you the many more details
than that money I think he only went
national somewhat recently when they did
what's he on a UTV or so I'm gonna need
to be something around spend girly oh
yeah they didn't they didn't they show
him up here yeah when you were a kid
it's been going yeah oh yes finger okay
you might want to explain who spend
ghuli is for people who don't know he
doesn't go he hosts like a show like
Elvira style yes he hosts monster movies
on TV goofy comedy monster show host
yeah so he chill monster movie and he
behave like little skits to go along
with it and and play like the weird B
horror movies not necessarily bad horror
movies but yeah be definitely be I
really didn't think he was seen outside
of he might be local to Chicago but he
was made it up here oh oh he was up here
we're not that far away
do it for long fucking time now
long fucking time to be spend or late
you got you got a gig man you get what
are you gonna do say no well then over
the years when he wasn't spent goalie he
he hosted the Three Stooges had like
4:00 in the morning for a while
I don't think I don't think we're
getting um I don't think well I don't
think we're gonna get Primus I don't
think Primus approved a proof soundtrack
for the HD remake you're saying he had
some new years but when Svengoolie was
doing the Three Stooges he was doing it
on Fox he's probably making more money
doing that than he was a spend Uli
what everything site word on so that a
scale of 1-10 how much of a scum am I
for dating a married woman totally
understand if you don't want to answer
but if you won't read can you please
give me at least a number answer I don't
I don't know all of the details of your
situation but based on everything I know
which is very little it sounds pretty
damn stomach you know yeah dude yeah
here's the thing here's the thing no
matter what your part you're part of a
you're part of a cheating situation yeah
married or not let's just even say she
has a boyfriend yeah
even if she approaches you and it's like
yeah this is for me now this isn't about
my husband or my whatever like you are
still part of a cheating relationship if
you know about it you just have to
decide how comfortable you are with it
if you're like wow she came up to me
like she's cheating not me well you're
still part of the cheating yeah dog all
right I'm gonna come straight on
collecting stuff so I can get to a new
level I've been on the mall for three
like Alexis Kate
yes there's the kid hey probably lying
anyway it's a weird thing to lie about I
don't know I don't know what you get out
of that making us talk about that I
don't know ah the previously recorded
guys think I'm having an affair with a
married woman
yeah I don't think there's I don't
necessarily think there's a lot in that
for it
well I made that
cheating is favoring our DNA
lifetime partnership is not a thing from
those primates I've handled it okay I've
been I've been fine here's the thing
like you if by the way I'm gonna I'm
gonna call you out on that dog that's
that is like classic like cheater line
number one right which is like hey we're
just not by nature we're not we're not
faithful beings right then you shouldn't
be in the social contract that it's a
contract that is a relationship if you
want to say like primates aren't aren't
men for one only one person then don't
get in a relationship well that person
said that person isn't cheating is okay
okay you want it you want to spread your
seed then you spread it man but once
you're in a relationship you are in a
social contract all right so now we're
gonna try to smash all of the directory
signs I think I think enough people get
through their life without cheating on
their significant others where you're
full of a bullshit
my friend
whoo
great then the directories is the name
of the game we are that's that's not a
thing that's a wise man once said
marriage is the starting pistol to death
the only man who look forward to
settling down finding someone right for
me you're you're standing next to
someone who's been married for a very
long time sitting I suppose technics
when you were young though did you think
you'd be sleeping around are you looking
forward yeah
all the ladies oh there was a point yeah
there's a point yeah sounds nice I'd
like to find the one for me that was me
when I was younger you know I don't know
if there's ever I'll find the one for me
moment
obviously there was cuz I found the one
for me but no I don't know if I ever
really thought about it I don't know if
I ever liked it but if it ever was just
like a I guess I don't know if I ever
thought about it the one for me
what is this 2018 so we're coming up on
this will be 12 years married for me oh
my god this would be 12 years married
but it's 18 years together 12 years
married in 18 years together that's a
very long time one one last proof that
one last one last tip okay from fiery
dog poop that came out here
fiery dog poop what if Mike with all of
his knowledge of Star Trek novia was
transported to the Star Trek universe
it's made a commander of shampo well or
badly what'd he do I know
so like knowledge of how seen plenty of
movies about like military commandos I
couldn't run out the field and and kill
a bunch of people you know you know yeah
this is the thing I can memorize all the
moves of Tony Hawk pro skater but you
put my ass on a skateboard and it won't
work the same you've seen Galaxy Quest
this is the point of the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this a very
extreme much like sir zdenka of whale
they are wait very our god Mario that's
it why are seventy seven four twenty
four fucking months in a row says Happy
Birthday
thanks for although after you crazy kids
young
articles for 14 months in a row who says
obligatory fuck you it's January
notification since this is a PSA to do
your taxes that's true
and for all you small businesses out
there make sure you get all your w-2
forms out they need to be out by the end
of January if you have any employees or
private contractors you've got to get
that
information out by the end of January
it's legally required oh my god Nauticus
for 14 months in a row says you just
want you just right I noticed relax it's
all good
where's andis says I shouldn't have
eaten seafood for dinner because now I
am feeling a little yield King iron
snake 3 3 mores I think with some lead 3
tzatzi's let's clever them maybe well
plaid perhaps 78 arcticus racks for 16
months in a row who says have you guys
ever had Domino's it's at deep cut it's
all the reference old story but oh I
just remember it and I love it
datum crap you guys ever had a man oh
yeah like the southbound we're gonna
we're gonna go out and we're gonna have
the best burger that you've ever had a
mecca done ELLs
alright suggest 222 incas e99 for 17
months in a row says oh my god I
actually caught a live stream hi fellas
hello hello total lammer I don't know
total lamer who says I have nothing
interesting to say because you're a
total lamer don't you all hobbit
kaleidoscopic 20 who says hi rich and
Jack if you could choose one device or
piece of technology from a TV show or
movie and to keep and use what would it
be
yeah and you have to keep it a secret
here's this is I'm putting a twist on it
because you're already thinking about
ways to sell it no I'm thinking about
ways I can stay young forever young and
healthy
now you're talking rich what will grant
me virtual immortality that's what I'm
thinking well piece of technology that
you can transfer your brain into another
body maybe maybe I don't know off the
top of my head I'm gonna say replicator
huh just cuz you know like free food for
everyone ever that kind of technology is
great
okay what's number two
now I'm thinking about this young for
everything what keeps us young forever
dead hearty thank you I'm sorry it's an
interesting question but I'm very tired
yes and it's hard to think
cheapo left for 16 months in a row miss
toots for 13 months a neurosis to that
walrus tooth the brush ankle dink says
seems good Bengal baht sausage toes for
37 motherfucking months in a row K nee
for 13 months in a row who says best
thing about being a ditz is learning how
to announce your sub Oh comically
similar name of the same name
Chaya Mayo says hey guys the true Mac
this is hey guys I think some kind of
wiring got crossed that's interesting
that's some kind of glitch that's a
glitch in the matrix there are some
glitches somebody subscribes and then
the person under them left a message and
then in between there's the previous
person that's subscribed with the
message from the person under them
that's what that is that's weird and
forget about it the true bank says hey
guys I grid we just read that one broom
and I just read it again because I'm
tired mother of all pork says voy hi yo
Hodge branch at 4:30 two fucking months
in a row says I somehow missed the memo
about manually Rees absque writing
started seeing those darn ads when my
sub expired
please take my money so I can watch you
guys in peace Hagar McGregor Katherine
Neff fear
says seems good sort of thing see look
here's another one is it a thing
here's another seems good one all one
word that's the weird thing it seems
good hey guys all one-word no-spaces our
tips are possessed it's for subs are
possessed it's fine right it's fine
load up for 14 months in a row we're
seeing the word but that's the emote
okay so they're doing this and that's
the emote that we're not seeing on the
truck sure okay you go to your thing
where were you
load of those probes won't be here when
you read this but was amused when
Yahtzee referenced fuck you it's January
and the latest zero punctuation oh
that's crazy thing good old yeah oh
speaking of yeah Yahtzee yeah I'm about
halfway through the audiobook version of
his latest book you mentioned this
earlier I mentioned this but before we
started streaming yeah I think I'm
listening to his latest book we'll save
the galaxy for food and he does the
narration for his own audiobook and it
is absolutely goddamn delightful I would
only imagine he does good narration well
I'm beyond his really great narration
the story is very nice yeah it's it's a
funny story good characters I think he's
come a long way as a writer I've read
all of his books but listening to him
tell his own story
it's basically an eight hour of freeform
Yahtzee Jam if you're unfamiliar Yahtzee
is an online personality yeah who does a
thing called zero punctuation where he
does video game reviews yes and he's
very good at them and he's very yeah
he's very good at them he's very witty
and clever and he's written this is his
third book will save the galaxy for food
and if you can find the audio book
version it's the best I've been really
enjoying it uh let's see here revolver
Ott's sell out
that's fine
Rolla fuck cats oh man yeah
Rolla fuck a Rolla fication man ooh nice
it says read those Nemo
Alfred Cheech says hey Jack and Richie
guys for I don't remember me but I'm the
guy named Noah you both poked fun at a
few months ago a few months back but now
figuring out how to work twitch but I
have to say I was honored to be riffed
on by YouTube PS love of the stream oh
you're welcome
I'm not sure if it was but you're
welcome some sort of Noah epic Noah riff
probably can't flu eat my sandwich
salary seven crocodile brain for 39
motherfucking months in a row I've never
tired what kind of millennial name is
Noah was that it maybe I think I
remember that let's see here a crocodile
brain says hey guys thanks for another
great stream it's always fun to see
someone land on their face and break all
their freaking bones any plans for
Valentine's Day keep up the good work
no I don't celebrate Valentine's Day
absolutely okay absolutely not I've
refused to for most of the relationship
with my wife and it's it's just a thing
now like Valentine's Day is an app so
like any holiday that has been made up
in my lifetime is not a real holiday you
thinking of love day oh well you know
what maybe it was sweetest day that took
me over the edge as soon as they
announced sweetest day I said I'm done
with all yeah yeah I don't want any of
it that's what it was I was okay with
Valentine's Day I did Valentine's Day
and then they they did sweetest day and
then and then as soon as you admit
that's horseshit
time's days gotta go - as far as I'm
concerned utter horseshit I hate it it's
it's a dumb holiday
I spend my I spend my entire year you
know showing love and respect for my
significant other I don't mean a fucking
day for that sorry pig pinched a nerve
nearly a year of talking about movies
and our star trek with you guys we're
sorry Don Buckwald Cosmo Chester 434
fucking months in a row says this day
you're still the only stream I bothered
to follow to this day keep up the good
work
you said to this day twice and I just
sent an awkward and then for those in
chat who might not remember the end or
not in America I don't know if this was
a global thing some people got together
some corporations got together gift card
corporation flower people Hallmark and
decided to create what essentially was
Valentine's Day part two called sweetest
day to give a little something to a
sweetheart that's made up it was a
made-up holiday that was made up in our
lifetime where they tried where they
tried to Punk shit hey you can buy more
sweets for you sweets and no one fell
for it it's it's has since gone away has
it I haven't really paid any attention
sweetest day has gone the way of the
dodo I suppose I haven't heard anything
about it but
where we up where that's a great
question we do you know the exact of the
axes Oh
Dom I did down Buckwald I didn't Cosmo
gesture I think okay then we got then we
got Kamran Mitchell's ghost Theodore J
hooker for 41 motherfucking months in a
row a cul ki avatar he says seems good
son of celluloid says hey guys I got
mijo in spite of y'all's review and I
now fucking despise that game keep up
the great work
I might actually listen we tried to tell
you man I know a lot of people lost
their shit over neo they loved it but it
was no no we just try to speak from our
hearts Landen 9k Jack La Push Key says
nothing since an emoji that we told you
that I can't see veggie 64 for 21
fucking months in a row that guy Nicky
rebel of old hunter 75 says hey guys hey
guys
and that's 85 who says thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really so no see I think I think
you had the wrong take on this you were
supposed to read the tip saying thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it it's true we really do and then I
would give the actual that's true we
really appreciate
you
