Episode 038
One Last Slay
February 14 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9DXsBjCaRM
___________________________________________

for anybody who's horribly upset right
now a horribly letdown we are playing
injustice it's still downloading it's
it's a big download originally the plan
the original plan was Diddy Kong tonight
yep the the ever-elusive
Diddy Kong we've hit
we've hit now yet another Diddy Kong
snag rich so what happened fer what was
the first thing we ordered I told you
about Diddy Kong it sounds like Mario
Kart but there's like a story mode
exploration aspect to it I said oh how
fun I didn't realize that I thought it
was just a racing game let's get that so
of course you know step one of course is
what buy it on eBay and wait for it to
come oh yeah it takes like a week or so
to get what it shows up like all right
let's play Diddy Kong so you know we
bust down the old reliable n64 uh-huh
man when we get it all set up and we say
let's play and we hit the button and for
some reason the n64 isn't even coming on
not even turning on its and then
strangest thing where it's it's almost
as if someone was literally smashing it
to pieces without saying anything ahead
of time to you about it that my fully
functioning 64 has now been completely
broken
so step back number two right is the n64
wha
it was being used as a prop for a while
on half of the bag and Mike smashed it
yeah so so that happened okay so we got
to get a new instance new and so forth
but but you know what I want to go a
little bit faster this time so I go to a
local secondhand store yeah and buy one
there cuz I can get it like the same day
like oh we are gonna play Diddy Kong I
get that one and then I'm smart and I
wait till I get home before we stream
not not during a stream yeah for we
stream and it doesn't work okay yeah
yeah so then I take it back and they
don't have any other ones so I get my
money back
but knowing 64 so
then I go back to eBay buy one
guaranteed working it is working it's a
working Nintendo 64 unit we're going to
play Diddy Kong today rich but we can't
find the DD Kong cartridge I can't I was
looking at home and at home III have
shelves and on my shelves are all my
stacks of games you know my my ps4 games
my switch games of my and then my
classic games all my cartridges yeah and
there's my big n64 stack and I don't see
Diddy Kong and I I didn't tear this
place apart I cannot find it here but
you know like there there's a slew of
n64 games like I can see right there
it's not there either and so now we
can't find the game we have a working
Nintendo 64 but we cannot find the game
so we had to change of plans tonight
people who want to see injustice for a
while the the DC comic universe fighting
game yes yeah and we're going to play it
it's just it's got about another half an
hour worth of downloading to go and
rather than delay streaming till 7:30
year or whatever the fuck it's gonna end
up bang just gonna play a little bit of
this while we wait play a little slay
this fire chat about nonsense while we
wait for it to download which i think is
a fine plan
I'm sure Diddy Kong is I mean it's
somewhere it's either here or at my
house no it's it's literally nowhere jam
it's it's I went into the nothing hour
you think that it was absorbed into the
negative zone the upside down I did not
return the other n64 with the cartridge
still in it
totally what happened cleaning out my
office and I threw away the broken
Nintendo 64 because you know you don't
need a broken in 64 and I'm sure the
cartridge wasn't in there because I
wouldn't do that because you know it's
not like a disc the cartridge sticks out
of the Nintendo 64 so you would notice
it's it's it's under it's gotta be like
under a stack of paperwork on my desk or
something whereas like oh I'll leave it
here right where I know it is yeah yeah
or it's here somewhere on a shelf on a
random shelf somewhere and there's so
many fucking shelves here we're just
never ever going to find it I guess so
it'll be fine everything will be fine
nothing will ever be fine or nothing
love everything will always be terrible
yeah no my kids wouldn't turn it into a
toy they have real toys they they would
have no use for not those fake toys they
would have no use for like a block of
plastic they have other blocks of
plastic that they play with so I'll get
it I'll get it we're gonna Diddy
we're gonna Diddy it's gonna happen
meantime I'm gonna keep trekking this
bird man do it the zealot sure whatever
I don't know he's the cultist
he's the cultist play pub G and
split-screen again I you know what I
haven't I haven't been playing because
of all of the goddamn cheaters every day
there are new cheats for pub G the most
popular game on the internet more cheats
for it every day I had a hideout how
about and I just like I can't feel good
playing it seeing all those people
cheating where it's just like that way
that would talk that would ruin my day
just like oh no like cheater killed me
yeah oh it's 20 minutes into it like a
really good game getting down to the
bottom - I want you to kill me well you
know why they're cheap white so they can
grind for the good items that are
selling for hundreds of dollars and so
they're cheating to kill more people -
it's a place first to grind for the good
items I have - oh yeah you have to
mega strengh yeah yeah absolutely get
drunk and play pub gene no not today at
least maybe maybe one of these other
days maybe one of these other days I
know fortnight recently like over past
pub G as most played yeah so a lot of
people lying people are getting into
that fortnight why don't you give it a
shot Jack I have I played fortnight Oh
III don't know if I played it on the
stream but I have played it coz it's
free you know she didn't stream it you
should stream it yeah like it's fine you
know what it's fine it's it's different
than pub G a lot of it was pretty okay I
think I might actually prefer pub G but
it was deep you know it was all right
it's free go also you can just like
download it and play it you you need to
install the epic epics game launcher the
epic game launcher but besides that you
know you need to sign up with an email
and and it's a free game which i think
who speaks really highly to it and I
can't you can't bash a free game
weirdly I think fortnight would be
better without the building but the
building is what differentiates it the
building is what makes it you know why
not a little bit crazy you sometimes I
got to experiment rich this is a this is
an experimental run play the top Carter
to draw pile and exhaust it start of
each turn game three string that's
pretty nice
there's no I need less cards because
that's how this game works absolutely in
pub G you can earn real money from
selling items there are gold farms using
cheats to get more money that's the
source of the ban China quasi races well
a lot of the chena cheaters
Keener's a lot of yeah that that those
cheater that was really close to a slur
that was really close to an
unintentional racial slur and I'm sorry
I'm a little tired today it's been a
it's been a long day a lot of the
cheaters are apparently from China
because yeah there they are grinding for
for in-game items to sell for real world
money it's gonna hurt but just
temporarily
check it I unintentionally racist
cheaters I talk well and good
do you know no but some no / sometimes
rich no / sometimes the injustice will
come the you wanna know what's going on
show up on time motherfuckers injustice
is downloading we're playing this in the
meantime I can talk a little bit about
um I can talk a little bit about the
shape of water I finally got to see the
shape of water okay have you seen this
no Guillermo del Toro's new movie okay
you know big Guillermo yes I know
guaranteed the pan yeah Pan's Labyrinth
so this is his new movie which you may
have heard about because it's about a
lady fucking a fish monster it's about a
lady falling in love with a fish monster
and fucking him right so it's it's that
it's that but without love no but with
the logo with a list of love with only
love and I have been really excited to
see it like this has been on my list to
see I love I loved Pan's Labyrinth so
hard and this seemed like a return to
Guillermo being like ultra weird and
metaphorical and just need to do
whatever he wants to do right this isn't
like big this isn't Hellboy or Pacific
Rim where he's like doing action schlock
this is him doing you know doing some
weird arty shit Oh dumbass that didn't
matter yeah he killed yeah so I was
really looking forward to salt last
night's and was pretty disappointed yeah
pretty disappointed I'm very sorry I I
will try not to spoil any of it but I
thought it was very shallow and yeah
yeah I thought it was very shallow like
I got I got done watching the movie and
I I was convinced that I had missed
something because it didn't like it like
it didn't click for me I was like oh
everyone loves this movie you know I was
kidding
Award nominations yeah it sounds like
wait a minute that's it and so you know
I look over really sounds like dude did
you get it cuz I didn't get it maybe I
didn't get like I was convincing myself
that I just didn't understand it because
I didn't like it you know and we talked
about it a bit and she's like no yeah we
went back and forth and we realized yeah
both of us got it and I was like oh oh
no then I don't like it I'm sorry yeah
yeah it's too bad but what are you gonna
do yeah play the top card of your draw
pile it's probably only worth it if it
costs nothing is that what the upgrade
did yeah yeah there you go you do
exhaust it though if you play the top
part of your drop pile oh nice at the
beginning so no and you know what there
there was a lot of good about the movie
like you know it's complicated as it
always is like the performances were
really great the monster effects looked
fantastic the whole movie looked really
great and it got a great visual style to
it the performance of the lead actress
was was phenomenal I just thought the
actual story and characterization of the
main character was super weak nice nice
oh man even break a sweat no that's
great in any case not not a big deal and
I mean it I think Guillermo won Best
Director at Golden Globes which he
deserves I believe that this is exactly
the movie he wanted to make so normally
this is great but I just don't need it
what are my thoughts on Michael
Shannon's pissed monologue you know
another were so shallow is one word to
describe the movie juvenile I think is
another word to describe the movie which
I get because he's going for a fairytale
thing and he wanted to he wanted to
definitely establish Michael Shannon as
like a dickhead bad guy
right ma'am I thought a skip it yes give
it you don't need more cards you know
anything the flaw of this game is okay
there's so much encouragement to not
have a big deck but there's always that
tempting there's all these cards
don't take them oh god don't take them
but there's always that temptation right
I think at the end that's the fatal flaw
of this game for me don't take those
cards no what is this card game it's
called slay the spire and it's a
roguelike deck building game currently
in early access on Steam yes I know
Lloyd beats I tried to convince rich to
change it in exploit but he decided that
it was not important no 25 minutes we're
gonna be playing injustice it's fine he
he rich said it wasn't important and so
we didn't do it oh you know what all
right fine
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna fuck him to
leave it you're gonna leave water you're
gonna leave it when when a justice is
done fucking I'm leaving over then we'll
change it again you and you can power
you can if you want yes I do I do and I
will
because if someone comes in you know
they were they want to know what we're
playing no wait wait why why does it go
off of it I have no idea I don't know
why it works
rich is way louder than Jack
they're fixed it they just are there
expecting proper names on this on the
video that they're watching no tairy
greene machine this is not one of those
evil loot box gambling games that turn
children into addicts those are
collectible card games this is a deck
building game which means if you buy the
game once you get all the cards right
away without paying any more money yes
you're not buying extra cards in this
you're not buying extra cards that are
better you're not paying to win you're
just you just have a random chance of
getting every card I beat this game yeah
just the once though not only beating it
once I'm gonna get some more playtime in
this week which is audio is much higher
than Jax tonight
what can you look at the zoom real quick
and just makes you run the same number
our numbers could have been switched
yeah looks like they have I'm all the
way it like nine there no they're about
the same spot someone was messing with
our shit and didn't change you back to
how was supposed to be there we go now
we should be fine
circle we're gonna play injustice did
injustice is downloading right now I
know they don't show up on time and then
they get cream comes just somebody had a
hack mod in the next time anybody
anybody just anybody any citizen justice
just put that message on Jesus fuckin
Christ
Thank You Akbar oh that's my favorite
one look at look at exclamation point
late yes they already talked about that
thing oh I'm entangled oh yeah you can't
do that sucks man I agree I agree
so we're rich yeah you and I this week
are gonna film an episode previously
recorded yes and it's it's our first
episode it's it's the it's it's been a
while since we've recorded an episode
yes and during our we'll call it a
sabbatical what it was yeah
during our sabbatical that's nasty
that's a lot of different enemies oh my
god so what what is that 8 13 18 18
damage into hex
sometimes I hate this game frequently
you know frequently I think that's it's
gonna be hard sometimes it's gonna be
hard sometimes so it's so in any case we
I took some time during our sabbatical
to rethink my gear setup because I've
been having some clients at ask me about
things like 4k video yeah and you know
for for commercial usage and all of my
clients like very rarely do my
commercials or videos that I produce for
companies end up on television but every
once in a while they do but mostly it's
just you know like a video for their
website or a video that we're making for
like an in-house presentation stuff like
that right right but everyone knows what
4k is and so everyone always asks if I
can do 4k and you know I've fir for a
long time I've been able to convince
them that 4k isn't really necessary you
know this is going on YouTube no one's
watching it in 4k we just don't we just
don't need it
we just don't know but they insist well
and you know it's it's the buzzword and
so um I actually I've gotten rid of my
old camera my the camera that I've shot
a whole ton of crap with my workhorse
that I've had for a while I used to have
a Panasonic af100
which was my solid old workhorse and I
have gotten rid of it okay which is you
know I'm not necessarily emotionally
attached to inanimate objects but hey
you know I got a lot of good use out of
that camera and I I've I've changed I
don't do a terrible amount of shooting
myself like most of I'd say like 70% of
the work that I do for clients is purely
editing but you know when I do shoot
they want nice 4k video and I've gone
full DSLR I've decided to get the
Panasonic gh4
they just they they just came out with
the gh 5s which is you know the new new
model
so the gh 5 just got a price drop yeah
but it's they're very similar specs but
the gh 5 actually has in-camera
stabilization so even if your lens
doesn't have stabilization there's
actual in-camera stabilization which I
thought would be very helpful at this
point yeah I'm tempted just to not
stream injustice for the rest of the
night because they keep asking
I just want to choke them all out and
just watch the Life Drain from each of
their eyes don't get suckered by the
in-camera Tiberius Kirk it's not digital
stabilization they do have digital
stabilization but it's actual physical
stabilization it's not a ton but just
enough to make handheld stuff look
smooth I've seen the comparison of their
digital their physical and the
stabilization completely off it looks
pretty nice it looks fairly nice but
then so here's the important part as far
as prereq is concerned and I know like
this hopefully someone finds this
interesting because this is what I spend
a lot of my time thinking about is like
the logistics of the shoot so I just
hope that one of you finds this
interesting because this is the only
story I have for the time being which is
I need to now completely rethink my
logistics for shooting prereq which is a
three camera shoot so you know here
right now I have we're shooting this on
the Panasonic gh2 I have a GH five and
then you know we have a slew of other
cameras here that that I can use for our
third camera but we're we're gonna have
to look at our options right
what but I'm just there keeping up on
the injustice though of course they're
there it's great in any case here's
here's something some of you might find
interesting
when it comes to hacking I when I bought
this gh2 okay so let me start it let me
start a little bit earlier so the the
other important thing not only does the
gh 5 do 4k but it's bitrate for
recording is wonderful and like 4k is
one thing but the bitrate for for how
much information the the camera takes in
per second is also really important and
so for example the the af100 has a max
bitrate of like 24 megabits per second
which means it cannot take in a lot of
information but the upside to that is
you get really long shoots you know you
a 64 gig card can last you 8 hours yeah
whereas the gh 5 has a mode that's like
a hundred and fifty megabits per section
per second which is a ton of information
you can get incredibly sharp images but
that's 64 gigabyte card is only going to
give you an hour and a half worth of
a-kor time which is that which are the
ups and downs of it so I need to figure
out how I can match my camera and your
camera for a prereq to make them look
similar and I can I can dumb down the GH
5 to only shoot at 24 megabits per
second which would be close to the gh 2
or I can use the gh 2 to its fullest and
not necessarily intended potential
Panasonic were being a bit of goobers
when they came out with the with the ght
rig yeah yeah the sensor in the gh 2 is
actually a really killer
sensor and they use it in other higher
and more expensive cameras and instead
of making a new sensor to put in there
you know kind of prosumer camera they
just throttled it the dickheads so out
of the box the gh2 only does 2000 only
records at a bit rate of 24 about
megabits per second but they have hacks
that you can install into the camera
patches that will open up the full a
hundreds 150 megabits per second it's
this because it's the same sensor that
they use in their high-end cameras yeah
and this whole community has grown
around messing with the source code of
the gh2 which is why I bought it
when I did buy it because that when I
bought it the gh3 was out but Panasonic
had already figured out that people were
hacking the gh2 so they fixed the
exploit so the the gh2 can get similar
bit rates to their new GH five which is
amazing right and and so I've been going
back to the the hacking forums for the
gh2 and they have a new one that's out
that's a solid 150 megabits per second
that will match my GH 5 and so what I'm
hoping is that the new hack for this
camera with the similar lens will look
just as good as my gh 5 when we shoot it
cross so like when I cut from your close
up to my close-up it will look
approximately the same detail level okay
which you know obviously like we're
gonna we're gonna find out it's it's
gonna be tough but so I have to take
that home tonight so I can tinker with
that and do some test shots with it Jack
I'm literally falling asleep yep
these are the I like these are the
things that I'm really excited about
like and I know no one cares like we
just want to hear me talk about you know
like hi this movie sucks hanzo and it's
like I'm trying to talk to you about the
actual production the like the process
of creativity in the in the in the rate
in the real life and then I'm so low
hey Dickens it's fine I'm gonna talk
about this because this is what I care
about I have to get rid of this card now
because that car is gonna be completely
fucking useless from here on out what is
it what is that clash it can only be
played if every other card in your hand
I I got this this pyramid so that I'm
never going to be able to use it sure
sure yeah that's just taking up space
then absolutely so in any case if you go
to if you can look up and you can get gh
twos for relatively cheap especially
compared to the old ones and and you
know just start googling you know gh2 i
use the driftwood hack so if you look at
Panasonic gh2 driftwood hack there is
there are forums and downloads dedicated
to like opening up the sensor in the gh
to to get images and video that you
would not believe they've they actually
hacked the interface so you can open up
the ISO to ridiculous levels it's almost
a night-vision camera like you can see
in the dark with it because they've
they've figured out a way to tinker with
the sensor and it's beautiful oh shit
yeah it's absolutely beautiful what's
the day what's the moral that's the
great question Chernobyl kids man what
is the moral difference between that and
NES roms well this while this does void
my warranty there is no law against
tinkering with the with the soft that is
not a great card is that card ever gonna
disappear right now it's show know the
code
this card stays but whatever card you
draw you exhaust you can only use once
right that's interesting yeah yeah I own
the camera and so like tinkering with
the operating system and and how it
functions will void the warranty but is
not illegal
so in any case it's different we're
gonna I'm gonna be messing around with
it tinkering a lot in the next couple of
days to try to figure out to make sure
that rich and I you don't get a nice
looking previously recorded I got us a
little a little sign yeah we got us a
little sign for for the set for our high
quality set
what's my attack forty two Jack my
attack is forty-two oh my god you're
straight my strength is 42 you're gonna
deal 48 damage with one that's amazing
first of all it's amazing
i I don't know commit scene I don't have
a gh4 I I've seen videos from gh4 and I
said I like Panasonic I am a Panasonic
person I've always had their cameras and
I've always been happy with their
performance
I now need good shield cards yeah yeah
there are none available to buy I'm
sorry shrug it off those are nice eight
block and draw card help cycle through
that's gonna be no good now yeah yeah
just get rid of it then wasting space
support small businesses yeah yeah why
not Canon I know I know they like
there's Canon on and what's what's the
big one is cannon that was Canon like
the first big DSLR to be used in for
video or was that I wasn't a Nikon yeah
I came from using Panasonic film cameras
and then I was so I was just comfortable
with their operating system and they've
never actually hard choice
she was one yeah but the one of 20 right
I could use I could use some good
defense
sure and it's something like barricade
it'd be nice
ya know the Canon 5d yeah that's it
though Cana 5d was the first big DSLR
yeah I just kind of always came from
Panasonic so you use what you know
nothing that's gonna help me will fuck
yeah you can do can you go back I think
it's too late now you can get another
shrug it off I'm getting a little more
defense and draw another card you could
never lose this to strength with a weak
wait create a copy of an attack or power
I don't have any card that's really good
with okay
shrugging off why not I mean I guess
it's it's a safe that's a that's a say
that's a milquetoast right yeah kind of
yeah
rich please give me Dead Rising help
what kind of help do you need how I get
good what makes you so sure you're not
helpless
oh this fucker this fucker right here
mr. happy life says I like to imagine
Jack as Rich's imaginary friend a
schizophrenic vision who lives in his
head babbling about hacking cameras rich
tries to ignore him and play his games
yeah yeah I'm really surprised jack has
stuck with micro four-thirds sensors
they're really good but considerably
smaller than a PS C's that's true and
you know that's actually one of that's
that's kind of part of the ecosystem
with you know the cameras and their
lenses which is you know like I started
with Panasonic so all of my lenses have
Micro Four Thirds mounts and while the
sensor size is smaller I haven't in
viewing examples online I haven't really
noticed a difference and remember I'm
not shooting for movies I'm not shooting
for cinema I'm shooting for YouTube and
sometimes for TV but mostly for YouTube
so I just don't need the power what's
more important with me you know
especially something like the gh 5 is
great because it has dual as d slots it
has upgradeable battery slots they
they've they've switched a lot of it
around to be more focused on work
horsing which which I really appreciate
they've completely gotten rid of that
little pop-up flash because no one ever
used it so just save the battery save
the headache and they've added a ton of
options in the menus just to completely
tweak your video experience
I like tech stuff but it clearly isn't
playing very well in the room this is
where we got today this is what we got
so guess what you go with it you just
got go with it the grim Panda says this
reminds me of when like Karen just
ignores rich when he does something in a
video game I got nothing to add of all
the technical aspects of this you're
that I just we got four minutes four
more minutes people you feel minutes you
can do it yeah sure I want to see
everyone so know what like have you ever
had have you ever gotten the jacks card
yeah I want to see what that is
do you lose health and gain strength I
believe oh no I want to because for that
Oh him you need the text I've never had
that while I ran into him yeah that's
what I'm saying this one - I've never
had this I've never had the golden idol
probably really good oh I'm sure I don't
do any of these I hope that rest rest it
up alright oh this game is so brutal
this game is absolutely brutal that's
true that's very true let's see here
edie Oquendo says I thought the
Cloverfield paradox was stinky
I wonder if straight to Netflix could
become a preservative like
straight-to-video
will studios dumping their trash onto
streaming become a new trend Netflix
paid a lot of money for the Cloverfield
paradox and apparent rumor has it that
they still want to release it in
theaters Universal yeah and so but you
know Netflix wanted that one of that
exclusivity period so they paid a lot of
money for
and apparently it's a big stinker hmm
shit happens
it could be a dumping ground for a
little bit until Netflix wises up
Netflix is already pivoting to original
content so the question is where will
their original content be that of
direct-to-video quality will you know
like they're altered carbon which was
basically math which was basically mad
Bladerunner that that's a perfect
direct-to-video canon movie yeah
bright was dumb bright was the dumb dumb
what do we got here Bruno monster 87 hey
rich and Jack you guys are great thanks
for all you entertainment on prereq and
other rlm shows hope this helps along
the way to make more and more content
you know bruno monster it does we really
appreciate it thank you thank you that
keeps this guy you know what it keep it
keeps us trudging through the snow to
come in keeps today started off really
awful weather-wise i actually texted you
earlier today just to be like ah weather
sucks let's call it a snow day but when
it got around to the afternoon the Sun
came out snow started melting a little
bit it turned out not so bad but today
started out sucky yeah bright the Will
Smith movie the dumb dumb just an utter
failure on on most every level an utter
failure on most every single level
there's there's a lot I can say about it
but people have already said their piece
about it if you guys watch um Lindsey
Ellis at all I want to say that's her
name she has a really fantastic episode
on bright and it's failure at world
building which I found to be really it
did a really great job of kind of
breaking down exactly the things that
bright did to break its own established
world it's great
what we got here Oh a rich says chicken
mcbutter axe Thank You chicken mcpot axe
by the way that's a very generous tip
rich this is rich congratulations on the
no death run thank you thank you thank
you to both for everything you do that's
great so I know it was a successful no
death right yes it was Dead Rising 2 was
it also a perfect yes you saved every
one you could possibly say yes that's a
did all of their side missions amazing
the only thing I didn't do was make it
from level 1 to level 50 cranking my
character up I could have grinded near
the end but I was streaming for like 11
and a half hours yeah that was I I could
have done it but but I did everything I
set out to do but like that wouldn't
have saved another no that no just would
have been a fully fleshed out doctor
yeah I I was like I'd come in every once
in a while just to check on you just to
see if you're still I was still going
it's like 1:00 in the morning and I was
like ready to go to bed like he's still
fucking going what are you doing what do
you do that's great congratulations rich
what's next why are you not even
thinking about it I don't anything about
what you do what you get nothing super
sight okay well maybe super exciting Oh
oh yeah I need to upgrade at first
before it's worth anything okay all
right I've got the thing Mike you see
how my hand keeps getting just larger
and larger yeah I've got a card I just
picked up a card that when I upgraded
only when I upgraded it upgrades every
card in my hand yeah yeah that can be
super awesome could be super awesome
but I'll die because my health was
constantly getting whittled down that's
how this game works
of course I'm never I'm never gonna get
to the point where I can use it that's
that's every roguelike though is there
any option to not play this game
apparently not
all right last help presumably nine
oh that's fuck this game
let's see here anonymous says hey rich
yeah I just recently bought all the
seasons of Rick and Morty I really like
it
my favorite aspect is the seemingly
improvised dialogue especially with the
interdimensional cable yeah fave Rick
and Morty episode it's hard to pick a
favorite for him or any episode I like
many of them mmm that's what I got
good that's okay that's okay that's fine
this that's fine that's fair
Lloyd beat said I've been playing the
recently out of early access to
subnautica and it's goddamn magical it's
a survival game where you crash land on
an alien ocean fantastic crafting and
emergent story it's great okay I have
heard that about subnautica I'm not sure
it's a gamer oh that is upgraded
I must have bought the upgraded version
oh maybe I maybe I got one of my relics
upgrades skills i buy whenever you play
a power it randomly upgrades the card in
your hand no no no that one yeah makes
it cost zero yeah oh that one's go-kart
oh nice
whenever you play a skill at randomly
upgrade something nice great
that's fantastic
what's in my hand is everything what's
in my discard I you only have five cards
and you discard fuck that's irritating
what is what do I think of Lacroix Kiwis
son dia all of the Lacroix skinny cans
are great the skinny tall cans all of
those double flavor ones are great if
I'm going for you know the standard
Lacroix I'm a fan of lime Lacroix
that's bad private even my favorite like
standard flavor lime oh my God look at
all those upgraded cards that's
beautiful
actually just need more attack cards in
general now good times almost right yeah
don't mess right though it's gonna cost
me nothing right
nice a nice what we got here
a purple space bazooka says hey guys
rich yes this is an honor of your epic
Dead Rising on to run thank you
spend it on Star Wars cheez-its and Diet
Coke or not it's up to you also if you
haven't seen it check out shin Godzilla
lots of fun that is on my list the the
Godzilla movie made over in Japan oh
yeah absolutely it's supposed to be it's
supposed to be a good one it's supposed
to be a good time on my list of things I
want to see
I'm liking I'm liking this deck do it
take it all the way take it to the top
no I'm just just here if I beat this guy
we're gonna go swish you in justice take
it to the top well take a vote okay
we'll take a vote that's fair I won kuru
says I just moved back to the good old
US of A I'm paying $2 to hear Jack say
fuck Germany with emphasis why
apparently they did not like living in
Germany and now they're back in the US
of A okay
that's the more reason for us to insult
the whole country well I was just
reading the tip I have no ill will
towards Germany in fact at the time I
spent there I had a lovely time
well I'm ill will towards like World War
2 era Germany sure well sure rich I'm
sure there was plenty of times in
history where I would not want to go
there but the time I did spend there it
was lovely rosier anonymous says fellow
gearhead here I UNAC Lee enjoyed that
camera discussion fuck you Chad thank
you an animus
I know it's and I get it it's not do you
know why people like talking about pop
culture rich why Jack why is that
because it's pop culture it is the
popular thing in everyone's life so
everybody kind of knows about it that's
why people like Star Wars and talking
about you know the big thing because
everyone knows about it so when I talk
about it or when you talk about when
anyone talks about they can get inside
but I'm talking about a very niche and
specific specialized craft thing so not
everyone can get into it so I understand
I get it
I'm like I get it
I gave the doll alpaca deathtraps is my
favorite thing about a rich solo stream
is picturing a guy random randomly
popping in and trying to figure out why
five hundred people are watching a
middle-aged man silently play a game for
11 and a half hours yes someone had no
idea who you are like wow this guy has a
lot of viewers it's not really saying
much it's so weird I know it's not so
weird okay okay that's how it's done
got a nice tangerine the great you know
I'm okay with any of the orange flavored
Lucroy as well tangerine orange those
are fine as well so my hand is actually
full let me up the way it was what do
you have here 3 6 10 10 hands 10 cards
is the most yeah yeah that's really fun
so you cannot fill your entire hand with
your entire deck yes that's good to know
actually don't know what I don't even
know what to do right now right take it
take a moment take a breather read all
the cards I want to wait a little bit on
a Limit Break sure are you you're
growing attack every time doing I'm
getting three tech every turn yeah yeah
yeah yeah if you can wait a couple more
turns
Lucroy is good but it cost more than it
should you know the and there are
off-brand Loch Roy's that are slightly
cheaper but I mean you know here in
Wisconsin you can get a 12-pack of
Lucroy for five bucks and if you compare
that with a 12-pack of you know soda
it's gonna be a little bit cheaper and
of course no sugar no calories and so
it's a healthier option and especially
for those of us who maybe like soda or
beer and are looking for a calorie free
replacement that's where the croix
really shines is you just want something
fizzy to drink but you don't want the
sugar that's that's why I love Lacroix
it scratches that itch alrights like I
need some fizzy I need a soda I need a I
need a beer or I can have a Lacroix
oh my god you're 40 yes rich is becoming
a murder monster here fuckin juste 60
damage it's just a normal strike garden
yes yes
you took him down so that's amazing rich
you're doing great I am doing great
doing great
let's double my strength again jack
what's double it again oh so wait what's
the base what's the base strike now
I think you're gonna win don't worry
I've got a good deck you have a good
deck perfect he didn't hit you once I
think he got some whack said but he
didn't know no it said perfect Wow yeah
Oh rich I kind of think you got to keep
going with this
we can play injustice right take it take
a let's take a straw poll let's take it
I'm serious let's take it okay I know I
know everyone wants injustice but this
oh my god what exhaust your hand deal
seventh damage for each exhausted car
their hand that shit adds up but exhaust
your hand that's the killing blow once I
get my strength up every card is gonna
be worth like 30 and and then if you had
if you had seven cards in your hand you
could do 300 damage in theory in theory
you're rhyming you're right
I'm keeping an eye I'm keeping an eye on
the straw poll vote so vote vote what
you won
this is act 3 by that so by the way just
to make sure you're aware this is the
last level yeah I know I know
well just for everyone in chat this was
the last level here so far
it is 54% with continued with this run
okay
so that is what that is what we are at
so far it's gone up to 57% 58% want you
to continue the run we are at 60%
continue to run I say that that's that's
a that's a almost a major major majority
so I say keep going rich boom yep we are
at over 60%
just there's no electoral college with
straw polls get that's a funny joke I
could
Jack talk more about cameras now the big
question and I won't get too in-depth
into cameras is you know the important
thing for me is matching richen eyes
close-ups and so like my gh 5 will be
great when I'm just shooting single
camera for you know commercial worker or
my online videos but because we're gonna
shoot in a three camera setup I think my
G H 2 and G H 5 will match close enough
once I up the bitrate on my gh 2 to a
hundred megabits per second like my GH 5
so the close-ups of me and rich should
match pretty good then choosing which
camera I use for the wide is going to be
a bit of a gamble you know here at the
studio we have more AF 100's which you
know those are those are fine cameras
but they only have a bit rate of 24 28
megabits per second and so there is
going to be a clear quality difference
between that and the DSLRs you didn't
miss unjustice it's it's coming it's
coming
yeah what would you recommend is a good
starter camera for someone with no real
filming experience at all your phone
because you probably already have a very
nice camera on your cellphone most
people do if if you're thinking about
just you know filming shorts and filming
the world around you
maybe maybe get a little hole a nice
little monopod for your phone and start
filming on that because it's nice
cameras on that
Jack's camera talk is my new ambien
you're welcome everyone you're welcome
it's Sunday night we all got work
tomorrow so let's let's you know wrap it
up early but but for your first camera I
just try to make it as cheap as possible
whatever whatever you use try to make it
as cheap as possible there's a lot of
nice cameras out there but you will
learn as you go along and then you will
learn what kind of camera you need there
are plenty of cheap DSLRs out there but
they can get expensive really quick talk
about lenses you talk of a battery
upgrade you talk about all the SD cards
you need you talk about the hard drive
space to hold all that footage costs can
compound really easily before you even
know if you like shooting so start with
your phone and and just cuz I'm gonna
I'm gonna drag this out one more turn
just cuz I want to see how much damage
that does I know he's gonna respond
exhaust your hand well wait so right now
it's ten damage per right I just want to
see the big number okay sure
this should be it that's it it is seven
damage that's the boss killer yes that's
the boss Slayer motherfucker so how many
cars you have in your hand right now one
a lot one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten six hundred and seventy
damage let's take a look at this number
okay only had 55 left
that's beautiful rich that's your second
that's the deck yeah you might have just
done it
would you recommend renting cameras
before buying them it does damage for
exhausted cards not cards in your hand
no it exhausts all of the cards in your
hand and turns them into damage yes so
he had 10 cards in his hand he exhausted
all of them doing 670 damage which is
insane
but renting can work but usually you
know you're paying you're paying for the
time and then that time is gonna be
spent learning that camera more so if
you have a friend or acquaintance who
will just let you play around with it
for a couple of hours for free if you
just can you know find someone to say
hey I'm looking to see if I want to buy
this camera can I help you on your shoot
can I just come to where you are and
goof around with it and shoot some stuff
for a little bit just to see if I like
it the name of the game is don't spend
money
okay where are we here
where are we here blough 79 says hey
Jack I teach a middle school television
program which cheap camera should I try
and convince my principal to buy me
our current studio cams are 1990 from
1996 and use VHS is there should be 70
damage she's got 65 health
oh I miscalculated that's gonna hurt oh
Allah oh that's fine too you know what
you know why our math is wrong that card
does that card doesn't count that car
doesn't count the time you have to
multiply PI now we've learned something
that was an expensive lesson right there
yeah I can I can I can heal we can we
can deal okay we can deal
which cheap camera should have try and
convince my principal to buy me for a
middle-school television program
look depending you know if you have
multi camera setups look at the look at
the ALP the output so you want to make
sure they're full HDMI so they'll
they'll be easily output to however I
don't know what how your system works
but just make sure that you can send a
signal out of them easy and if the point
of them is to teach kids how cameras
work you know maybe one with a lens that
you can manipulate would be fun
the the AF 100's the Panasonic AF 100's
with some cheaper lenses are workhorses
they they do a great job they have a
full HDMI out and they work great but
there's a lot of options and I just
don't know all your particulars you can
email us email me at prereq at red
letter media and give me some more
specifics and maybe I can help you with
your purchasing predicament this talk is
as boring as an AF 100 that's true it's
a boring camera it's not a sexy camera
all the complaining about my camera talk
just really makes me want to talk I know
the camera talk I know yeah I'm getting
but people are also asking some mm-hmm
where are we
odd trick says here's five dollars
towards rich not playing injustice
tonight if you get poor it of slaves
fire you could play Friday the 13th no
no no we've promised we have we have
promised and you know this is 34 times
one - oh no you're not doing it okay oh
I suppose yeah he's he's not attacking
this right yeah yeah
moose skur deuces rich I never would
have played FTL if not for you I assume
that's a compliment
Jack you got not only me but my fiancee
hooked on The Binding of Isaac
now you nerds have me playing this deck
building game please stop I'm sorry you
found enjoyable things because of us
it's true yeah I mean what it what are
we what are we gonna do we keep we keep
you know showing you things that you
enjoy and I'm sorry
okay yeah yeah now you're ready now
you're ready
goodbye
all right get me healing please give me
healing real robber OCS we are going to
play that's worth it
that's absolutely that's absolutely
worth it we are gonna play the story
mode of injustice yes yeah I think
that's part of the fun of the game right
it is like yeah seeing the story in full
so that's the plan is to play the story
mode of injustice low Spiros says here's
my first tip mr. hack and mr. fraud once
when I was a child my little sister got
us kicked out of a movie for laughing
too hard rich has your laugh ever had
you evict 'add also victim also fucked
us up from a movie theater no no I've
gotten some dirty looks before I'll tell
you that yeah you know you laugh at an
inappropriate moment and you know some
people who are into the feeling of the
movie don't find that too nice but
you've never been you've never been
kicked out of a movie theater before no
okay great never in my life ever removed
from a movie theater it's gonna hurt but
that's you know that's my strat it's the
strength
yeah
that's the strap
rumor I'm not gonna talk anymore camera
time and I probably don't even remember
what my first camera was my first real
camera DV camera might have been a Canon
like my first you know like everyone had
a VHS camera like at home but like the
first camera that I got to shoot stuff
that wasn't like a you know an
over-the-shoulder via jackhammers pray
pray that everyone had that that one
camera the Canon maybe or maybe it was a
Panasonic I don't remember how about I
don't remember let's see here the grim
panda says hey guys so I know the shape
of water was a letdown and bright was
pretty yeah but recently Netflix
released the ritual it's a pretty good
horror movie and I would highly
recommend it to you too well rich does
not necessarily care for horror not
really I have I've heard the name the
ritual and I've heard good things about
it I I don't know anything other than
that other than like oh the ritual yeah
that's a good one
so I will look into that and I will look
into watching the ritual I'd I just
didn't think so lloyd beets I had some
issues with the shape of water and I'm
glad that you liked it and I'm not
trying to take away your positive
feelings from and I just I've just had
some issues no I have not seen the
phantom thread I'm looking forward to
though as I enjoy who's that Paul Thomas
Anderson I enjoy his work
you defend well what else agree uh
three-block phone they're hidden you 419
is this the boss no oh shit this game
gets unfair and you know it well it gets
difficult you get sick it's downright
unfair my god this game is this game is
not balanced especially well I don't
think you get those runs
well yeah my hand is full my hand is
food now it's time to start using some
Limit Break yeah yeah 25 for card
alright so but you gotta kill the little
I know I know I know you know I'm just
I'm just you know for the audience maybe
who doesn't die
okay so now it's 25 per card and you
have how many see it's 25 per card
yeah 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 that Shh
should do it I think yeah so do the math
oh I don't even offender I gotta wait
one turn anyway um shit that's gonna
hurt
20 damage fuck
yeah that's good
you did it I have okay let's see here
commit scene says hello jack and rich
question if two people have everything
in common
does it dull the relationship or is
there still room for excitement and
growth it's very still room for
excitement of growth sure sure
you know I think it's healthy to have a
little bit of personality differences so
you know each person can help make the
other the best possible so I think
having having some differences is
important if you're exactly the same
kind of people it won't necessarily
better either also gonna play the
darksouls remaster yeah I'm planning on
it I am planning on it I am going to
play the Dark Souls remaster yes I'd
like to make I think I would really like
to make it through Dark Souls after
after you know loving blood-borne as
much as I did right I'd like to kind of
immerse myself in the world of Dark
Souls which so many people love I feel
like I'm gonna sneeze and I'm gonna find
some tissues enemies in this game start
doing just a comical amount of damage
every turn yes comical
sorry about that having a bit of a
booger situation I feel like a sneeze is
right around the corner and I just want
to be prepared so I don't get my
possible illness all over everywhere
self-forming in clay
who do okay Craig Nations has rich
Congrats on the successful no death run
thank you
yep Jack I tried the 4-hour body diet
based on your recommendation and have
lost ten pounds so far thanks for the
heads up on that book congratulations
Craig nation yeah like it's tough
sometimes but it works and really you
know this is something we've talked
about before any any diet will work as
long as you stick with it
I don't think fire féin works on
everyone's one individual enemy yes so
fire fiend won't work right now
no god no I mean it'll kill one person
sugar but hey wait let me just read it
one more time fire free is only doing
ten damage four card and nine cards yeah
it's not even enough to kill everyone
Stan
yeah and that damage won't like you
can't kill one and that damage won't
carry over to the next that only works
on one enemy well this sucks
yeah yep
let's see here sorrows axes hey Jack and
rich longtime rlm fan here started with
the Phantom Menace review who is just
getting into prereq enjoying it so far
any chance rich could be convinced for
retrying final fantasy 7 no I fucking
hate that disgusting series go fuck
yourself never ask that again
welcome to the previously recorded also
thanks for stopping by
we appreciate it steel dingleberry says
hi jack and rich have some of my
precious euros the alcohol keeps me
awake I need to use some more characters
fuck Jack do you enjoy any particular
scotches or whiskeys in general I don't
you know I don't know I'm sure I've had
scotch before but I don't know whiskey I
just I like all sorts of Lewbert voice
Kay let's just talk about wine during
rye whiskey very smoothly and flavorful
not any particular rye whiskey Chad
Final Fantasy Tactics looks like the
Banner Saga but more boring her yeah
Blanton's great bourbon whisker cuddles
are great I mean this time it's lupus is
hey guys I recently did the patreon
thing for a red letter media yay I am
now a patreon or a patrician you are now
a patron a paid trysts a.cian I feel
like throwing my money at you hack
frauds gives better returns than the
goddamn stock market ooh yeah that's
been it's been a rough couple days the
stock market
oh yeah these guys are extra tough
because you need to kill all three of
them at the same time close at the same
time it's not that finicky patron is an
alcohol
he's a patron patron saint of alcohol
the paid patron is the patron saint of
alcohol yes lick my love bit says hey
Jack just got my multi-verse cable
installed and have been enjoying some
great new shows Batman decline is good
about Bruce dealing with motor neurons
disease as is diehard 1870 thanks
multiverse cable don't get that
what do you get I don't know MZ Lucas is
rich congrats on the perfect run thank
you the one health incident at the end
was horrifying
but you pulled through there's less than
one it was a glowing thing a health
which means that one health junk is
almost gone oh my god how did you skill
you came through with skill and grit
all of a sudden rich had zero HP so it
happens so it happens
right black black dynamite dinah for
money yeah hey rich do you know if Mike
is going to do a review after the season
finale of Star Trek discovery you and
Mike going to do another no idea de feu
forever says Jack if you guys ever have
another board games stream you should
consider burgle Bros it's a fun ocean
and Levin style heist game I'm actually
I actually own burgle Bros and have
played it a couple times it's very
interesting it wasn't as much fun as I
was hoping it's gonna hurt but fuck it
is this the boss no well it's a little
lead was in my way yeah yeah yeah yeah
burgle Bros is so it's a it's a game
where you have room tiles and you're a
burglar and there are guards that go to
different room tiles and you have to you
know sneak your way around the guards
using different tactics I've only played
it a couple times and haven't had a
great amount of fun with it but I can
see the potential I want to play it more
I want to play it more and hopefully I
will be able to
let's see what we got here desk raven 88
says sup guys thanks for making my night
a little less boring I had a question
that's been pressing on my mind all day
and no it does not involve horses the
question that's good you know is the
question is you know offered by one of
America's greatest poets is what if what
if God was one of us just a slob like
one of us just a stranger among us if
you feel ashamed of yourself and your
life and your ideas yeah
well there you go my hand is full so
you're gonna die what's the math one to
eight forty five times eight one two
three four five six seven eight
yes 360 360
so now 45 707 yeah 315 bet he's
vulnerable
but he's vulnerable oh shit I gots oh I
got nothing I'm doomed
oh you're dead I don't have enough to
cast it Oh goodbye goodbye rich yeah it
was a good run it is time yeah this game
is way too brutal ever rich wah-wah-wah
well I made it further than you did on
stream no I beat the second boss on
stream that was the first time I waited
the third oh well then there you go then
you are
I like that setup but they just enemies
just away too much damage for you to be
able to do
