Episode 039
Hacks Among Us (Injustice - part 1)
February 15, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtEAvjc6SZU
___________________________________________

you'll be able to do alright we are now
playing in justice yes you want blue for
good sure we can switch off of this
sure absolutely it's a good this time
it's lupus we're almost here tip this
time it's Lucas that's a good joke
oh it's such a good joke I'm gonna let
rich read it because he'll he'll do it
better preparing to launch injustice
gods among us Ultimate Edition which one
perfect we left off on a tired and sad
is next but this time it's lupus is what
I'm reading you mean the next one up you
see what he did I was gonna I was gonna
use the restroom and he bogarted me he
just bogarted me man that's the proper
term I don't know ma'am
and it was all just a ruse this time
it's lupus says from my Twitter timeline
the only two white actors and Black
Panther are Martin Freeman who played
Bilbo Baggins and Andy Serkis who played
ghullam they're the token white guys
I'll be right back
actually your employer you take that I'm
gonna play I don't know if you got
controller you want to use it just work
she's fine
all right let's play injustice gods
among us do we get to choose we play as
or do we play as a new person for every
story
decline okay
would you like the game to determine
your optimal settings for quality and
performance sure figure it out game
figure it out
like the chirp confirm
there we go great cept back singleplayer
this is your first time playing single
player would you like to go to the
tutorial to learn the basics fuck yeah
learning the basics yo I did confirm
cinnamon I press the a button to confirm
welcome to tutorial mode here you will
learn the funtom into fundamentals of
injustice step forward step backwards
crouch jump
movement training that's great that's
perfect that's perfect that's exactly
what I wanted it to be pressing X Y or a
we'll perform a variety of attacks each
hero or villain has their own unique
attacks late attack a hectic medium
attack huh heavy attack
basic attract attack training complete
the track for craning let's axe that
target the head and midsection are known
as high attacks high attacks can be
blocked by holding away from the
attacker attacks that target the feet
and legs are known as low attacks the
low attacks can be blocked by holding
down I'm baack an overhead attacks are
used to hit opponents who are ducking
and blocking overhead attacks must be
blocked while standing
okay super girls into is super grilling
this one every weight well I thought we
played to that way you're playing - shit
shit shit motherfucker damn it
Superman get up on nuts motherfucker
offense is the best defense
god dammit Superman you dick
I'm failing rich I'm in the tutorial and
I'm failing I need to let you know that
I'm Batman
well then you should be failing well so
the the purpose of this tutorial is
teaching me about blocking so I need to
block five attacks in a row and he
either attacks Lowen so I need to do a
low block or attacks mid and I need to
do a mid block and reading his moves are
apparently hard for me this is very
desaturated yeah bitch I'm not getting
past this tutorial section so I feel
like I just want to hit him see like I
hit him damn it
dammit dammit
oh you gonna do five in a row yeah
oh you're fucked I'm so fucked rich oh I
was blocking okay no felt like it was
damp it cheese I'm choosing poorly okay
okay
damnit nope damn it rich save us for
this I'm not much better at fighting
games fighting games and and and real
time strategy this is what they wanted
rich just hold the button I don't think
you have to do it I don't think it's
like a parry we have to do it at the
moment just keep holding yeah but you
have to choose the down and sit back you
see him jock go down instantly damn it I
chose poorly
nope okay okay okay oh fuck it's just
Superman this is just super random
what the fuck was that a cape swoosh
right take Kevin Conway soon I haven't
heard him talk so okay so the actual
story mode hasn't even started yet no
this is this is a tutorial like figure
out I don't know they work the tutorial
into the story not that I know I should
I should probably have if it's separate
I should have a go with the tutorial
after you're done just so I'm not lost
yeah
do it I don't know why I haven't
defeated you slow attack great
additional moves additional attacks can
be performed by holding a direction
while pressing the attack button okay
eat it Superman headbutt nut kick Batman
super secret weapon I'm gonna kick you
in the nards striking an opponent after
they have been launched into the air is
known as a juggle combo so we're gonna
press add
done y+ x there we go okay what a good
guy Superman is just like let me pound
on him so I can learn the game okay I
see I get I get it now I get it
little eight little early finally do
this story you'll learn enough nobody
know then you'll bitch that we don't
know how to play you know you're gonna
sign oh all this shit works you guys if
you don't do the tutorials you're never
gonna learn how to play oh sorry
much sooner no okay no nope I was close
though that was close there we go
juggle combo trading completes
connecting with back in a while mirror a
transition area will activate a level
transition
execute two level transitions for a tour
of the Batcave okay
- a fucking billion hey Superman
why does this look so desaturated
because that was the look they went for
after the nolan ruined colors in comic
books they're an option in the menu for
color I'm actually curious about this
sure let's look it up okay hold on
attack buttons present specific okay
hold on control preset tutorial main
menu well let's finish the tutorial
Mortal Kombat vs. DC head color yeah I
remember that
I'm pressing X X Y faster
great throws are a special type of
attack that cannot be blocked each
fighter has a forward throw the
backwards throw Oh bumper yeah that's
cute
or X plus a which is X plus a
thumbs already on that button yeah
that's great not like that breaking of
throws performed by reacting to your Oh
to your opponent's throw attempt with a
throw of your own ah suck it Batman
there's Superman nope haha dick nope
dick this is actually what the game is
supposed to look like sadly says dr.
smoke ah okay special moves rich each
character hasn't oh yeah okay so that
that right there is my is my cheap move
why Superman come on Superman get over
here
great special moves are unique to each
character but not all of them are
offensive for example use Batman's cape
parry to counter Superman's attack oh I
did that I see with fighting games I
think my biggest problem is I don't I
don't have the patience to internalize
all of these complex combos derp so it
just goes naturally well but yeah I
think that's where something like this
can really help because if you are a
huge Batman fan you're gonna want to
spend that time right like just like
Super Smash Bros like Super Smash
Brothers is I think a little easier but
if you love Batman you're just gonna
want to be Batman and do all his cool
Batman yeah yeah super meter uh-huh
Superman hold on one second oh wait
super pressing right trigger we'll just
after executing most special moves will
result in a more powerful version known
as a master burn nope a meter burn this
uses one second of your super meter okay
alright hey dick super-move yeah this is
what you want this is what you alright
cause it up
yeah this is law
you know let's just go I'm just we're
just gonna try them hopefully I get me
cuz we're gonna let you just want to
just you play sure that's I just want to
say I don't want to double-check to see
if there's any contracts game a
brightness texture quality there is no
sort of like make it look like a comic
book there's there's no sort of like you
could knock up the resolution I'll walk
the it did automatically they'd all just
do it that's wrong no trust me it's
wrong it did it on me
it's stupid it might be stupid Jack
please for the love of God crank up the
resolution why it's oh it's only at 7:20
at least we'll go at 1086 yes we want
okay
I use xsplit and all tab and we'll get
xsplit back just right all right thanks
fine everything's fine you the keyboard
is right in front of you great okay
training you go alright alright I'll try
and get through this quicker
where's button got a press oh but mmm
why are we playing this and not DC
Universe Online really that's the
question I really ya know
you're doing it rich why are we playing
the training instead of the game because
usually people yell at us from starting
the game first and not going through the
training and then if we complain about
anything training and it's also just
it's nice but why yeah I know come on
what's this video so far B does nothing
so far it's just a X&Y; so he knows he
knows stuff separate that's okay
rich knows which rich knows what to do
it's just you know it's hard
we appreciate everyone was telling us
what button to press and when but it's
different do it there you go
yeah they did yeah press B to say Martha
yes why are you
I don't see them using load I'll try to
get the jump the chats frustration makes
this also what's more entertaining this
is what you wanted blue fighting
gameplay fighting him I'm no good at
playing fighting game play of Justice
playing just I'm really no good at
fighting games blue you're just split
this is what you get motherfucker
well since I'm no good at fighting games
I guess I'll go for the tutorial Joe
through the tutorial what's wrong with
that they want you to press forward
Oh
and that's why I'm loving every minute
benefit well great now I'm looking
forward to playing more than I hear the
story is pretty fun I hope I get to I
hope I get to like pick what superhero I
take through the the gauntlet in story
mode I don't think you do
or you get like different heroes every
mission is that the thing that could be
see the timing isn't just where you
think it would be you know you fall he
falls in a weird way there you go nice
nice I know for some reason I have a
hole in my chest and the thing you need
to know is this t-shirt that this is
yellow is there a color mob for this
game this would look so much better if
things were vivid did you see that to
someone someone made a great video after
a Man of Steel came out where they
repolarized
his drab Superman outfit to look a
little more that's a pop a little bit
more it was great
hunchback jack says nothing to save
other than I like the camera talk like a
popular true-blue review says hey guys
what's some advice you would give in or
oh crap
wake up I accidentally turned off the
laptop hey guys what's up advice you
would give to stick to projects and not
get distracted I have a bad habit of
finding other things to do and not
getting any writing done thanks in
advance there's a lot of different
things you can do you can schedule time
you know say you're like I'm gonna write
20 minutes a day and like for this 20
minutes that I've allotted ahead of time
I will do nothing but write so help me
it's different for everyone the
different things work for different
people it's doing creative things at
this point has become the habit already
so it's hard for me to even give that
advice just because it's already
ingrained button scheduling the
scheduling time might help let's see
here Timbo 5-1 forces rich great work on
the Dead Rising 2 run did you think that
Jimmy the Scott Jordan from the top
slots video on the last wheel the worse
would make a good Dead Rising psychopath
boss yeah he was that shocked nobody
made the comment about that one guy I
saved look like him to me this guy in
the casino he won't leave the casino cuz
he's down oh yeah and then he started
explaining the slot machines too you
know but if you did I
we're we're using the the d-pad on the
Xbox controller for those who want to
know yeah cuz I know normally in
fighting games you want that d-pad
ridiculous it's ridiculous I love it I
lost in Technicolor says did you guys
watch the spacex falcon heavy launch
she's seeing those two big booster
rockets land at the same time was one of
the coolest things I've ever seen you
didn't want your life no nyet neither
did I I saw that it's neat it's all neat
stuff get excited for space all the
stuff all the stuff get excited for all
the stuff not the right combo but a week
Campbell I know why this isn't taking
yeah do it all fast
morn to Pastor Morton's Anonymous has a
great post production camera question so
you know we're gonna get into that
Ulrich deals with this condo what do you
use to transcode footage something in
the ACS or something free like handbrake
do you transport everything or you
sometimes edit in native format
thanks and calm my bar I use Adobe Media
encoder because I use the Adobe suite so
you know for me that's kind of built
into the premiere
using white using Adobe prelude and the
media encoder I get to transcode all my
footage generally speaking yes I
transcode absolutely everything into a
pro res or a DMX just something that
that really opens up the footage easier
to edit and hey I did it
but generally speaking I translate
everything yes it makes it this and it's
gonna be easier to Huff hard it says
rich I'm watching the next generation
for the first time I'm enjoying the
first season do they ever come back -
Tasha betta having sex
and this Riker get less creepy with
ladies who randomly meets things no and
no they referenced the Tasha thing once
in season two yeah yeah and don't don't
they like do it I'm careful thing where
they meet her again in life that's the
whole thing with data and her having sex
doesn't come up that never comes down
she's referenced a couple times
they're saying back around back up a
little bit there we go there you go you
did it oh yeah don't even worry about
this oh oh wait the B button what B does
do something do you really think I was
gonna do nothing
yeah I really did
yeah yeah oh there you go
what's the last fighting game that I
played I played both um I played the to
Smash Brothers clone like brawl I think
one of them is called brawl I played
that recently but I don't even know I
think
I don't know if it was called brawlhalla
I think it's just called brah okay are
you doing more even I'm ready I'm ready
to play get out of here I'm ready I'm
done all right all right so we were
we're leaving homily it done main venue
yes please fighting game play good but
you're know how to play good why you
play sorry this is this is gonna end up
being something we never do again isn't
it Wow isn't it probably whatever all
right start mode new game let's go I'm
ready I can say without a doubt that
there are an infinite number of
universes some are just like our own but
for one or two significant events
exactly the same maybe in significant
advanced
all right here we are the story in
justice
what that's a thing I know but it
doesn't look like how I know it looks
rich that's a thing that I know
metropolis looks fuked oh my god what
happened millions tell that's a guy's a
food starting game around a nice pocket
of millions dead
where'd you get it what you want one
some Joker nuked entropolis that's the
inference
you get away from him I'm handling this
we're that ugly outfit yep
that looks much better than the shorts
you drugged me Krypton now metropolis
people you love tend to blow up don't
they do it kill him that's why I like
you gullible
yeah okay they'll be safe so big so I
can break out of here I've got lots of
planning to do to talk this
that's enough
yeah he should have
we show it right
gut-punch fade to black is that what we
call that I think is witness made with
the people who did mortal combat was not
showing blood not sure oh that was
probably absolutely even in a universe
versus this is an amazing battle here on
for Hawkgirl doesn't even have an
arch-nemesis
no one likes really doomsday fucking
everyone
yes
everyone who's everyone and although a
bit like missiles was great
I think this is this is what we call a
fan service after I check out our have
to make sure Luther didn't bust him out
okay be there soon dick dick I'm wearing
this horrible Nolan inspired cow
illusion hours
God is this outfit ugly and this every
outfit is ugly in this yeah pretty much
what is that
Oh Joker do this he didn't the real trap
is behind us okay let me fight now you
know introducing other characters this
looks like a perfect introductory fight
right oh yeah all right here we go I I
don't know that much about Deathstroke
but shouldn't you be able to totally
kick Batman's ass theoretically yes
we've got them how to do all of my
combos already hey just did a thing I
mean not as badly a spider-man should be
able to kick his ass but of court like
spider-man would would murder Batman
yeah fuck you know doesn't have like
some kind of like reflex senses where he
knows what you're doing as soon as you
start doing it
his healing doesn't he have like
Wolverine style feel here you're getting
him confused with Deadpool Deadpool has
the Wolverine style healing and death
start was rarity I'm a Deadpool's of
parody of decibel but Deathstroke had
cueing to wait why isn't he dead no you
hurt you know look at his health yeah
yes because he has healing jack yes
oh yeah there's two health bar oh
fucking hell no I kind of stopped
fighting cuz I thought I had one but
there's two health bars okay okay I told
you totally I don't know that much about
duster right great and you suck at this
this is painful to watch thanks thanks
for stopping by
have a nice night dickhead sorry that
I'm having fun just be Batman
beating up Deathstroke oh shit what are
you you didn't do this part of the
tutorial I didn't I'm gonna lose right
nope I want apparently how do i do my
super again do you remember wait I think
was super wait I think I remember nope
you're out of power meter anyway uh I'll
just punch a myth I wanted to finish him
with my super where I Drive my car
through Arkham Asylum I don't remember
how I don't
rather than touched our continued
estranged the background he's not go
he's gone no baby where were you guys
when he killed Superman of both critters
oh and I'm here too always he did
something appropriate it wasn't like
Green Arrow getting the killing blow in
on Tuesday I'll finish him off
now there are no further interruptions
took me almost two minutes to break your
encryption nice work
hey you kind of look like Bruce Willis
oh my god mr. Wilson actually because
Lex Luthor there we go
second main at this point here I'll hit
him again
second pain missed haha did it first
strike racket I'll pay I'll take it I
was gonna it's probably gonna get harder
is it is this one no more easier what I
don't think I've done anything to the to
the difficulty so it is wherever it was
harsh man hundred just hanging out look
at him looking back there Jean I'm kind
of fighting
could you help you do oh oh oh yeah I
saw that I saw right bumper
Wow
Oh oh he did it oh no I did my supersuit
wait wait yeah is the Batmobile on the
space station huh and how much sense
does that make
he keeps a copy up there her he keeps a
bank of Batmobile up there that makes
perfect sense yeah you know he might
make a good he might make a good Lex
Luthor I don't I don't know if he can
play uppity regal yeah you know like I
don't know if he could play ya know I
don't know that he can't either
but visually I never really thought
about it
damn you what and now you're just you're
done
nope yep time to teach you humility Oh
so didn't do anything I guess you took
some of this help off before the fight
started Oh doesn't eat right hey thanks
second
I want to do the thing where I smash him
at the globe oh no apparently I just
jump off it
I can't smash it oh yeah cuz I'm not a
big guy but that's cool
maybe John can help me smash it within
the computer oh yeah oh yeah I'm sure
John does something right like he's just
there what the hell was that back in AI
think well when you're when you're by
the one of the ends of the arena I think
that's a neat move I mean it murders me
but well it should have right let's be
honest you know I do want to smash you
through this computer can you come on
reflex wait keep hitting them back all
right oh I pressed B instead Oh all
right it's fine
oh you know what you know what I can do
here
okay go that way now get him close all
right now I didn't do anything oh he
died well I died
try this on genius Superman report make
sure it's very deep space it's the none
of your damn business along thanks
cyborg radiological metropolis everybody
look at Lex Luthor so everyone is so
ugly Nolan Nolan ruined comic books for
a long time so it's good to be realistic
I can sole the masses by offering to
build it in my own image approach he was
done this is Batman
Code Red everyone to these coordinates
now
Mobley said remembered - yeah we owe you
look at Harley you know everyone's so
ugly why didn't they move away from the
animated series outfit for Harley you
know where she actually looks like a
Harlequin why did they move away from
that Nolan Nolan go Nolan and fanservice
no one likes because the fans started
drawing her boobs
freaky sexy so they will just make her a
little creepy sexy I've got a little
more creepy sex took it off stand by
what's more than just the saturation and
I think some of these are just really
ugly designs oh yeah
right Barry you push that button than 8
million died 8 million into like was I'm
Joker shoulders right he's got like
armor plates up there why is he wearing
two belts he's wearing anime belts
Barry this is your holes dick here is
that you move super fast
what what how was flashed not there yet
no idea because story needed to happen
this is somehow your fault metropolis
and yet like a look at Joker's outfit he
has suspenders not over his shoulders
two belts a girdle and armor plating on
his shoulders that's ugly design
Oh dick Oh dick stop it
I bet subtitles that's fair we can't
apparently I can't get to that title at
the moment but yes I will turn subtitles
on the shape of the shape of Batman's
mouth hole makes it look like lips see
the round shape it makes him look sad
Batman should never look sad right
a villain shouldn't take a look at
Batman and say aw why are you so sick
I do like it that the Joker just beats
you with a crowbar I think that's wrong
hey yeah I know he is sad because his
parents are dead but that is not the
image he should be projecting towards
crime right the images you've been
projecting is I am a fearsome individual
I want somehow
it's been 30 years that man get over it
right
that's why it Bevans argue label
released ballistic superhero because
literally anyone else alive on the
planet earth would have gotten to open
it before they got to the place they're
running around in the mat-su tonight yes
yes people's parents die all the time
and a lot of them grow up to be normal
well-adjusted members of society like a
rich kid they might end up like look
like drug problems sure
substance abuse problems so sure
I'm thanks Batman Gotham sort of so
temporal displacement alternate earth
could be either we may have jumped to a
different dimension like look look at
her little chest plate its Bangui how
ridiculously big back the watchtower
should have picked up any anomalies
right the watchtower might not exist I
can't make contact we need to find out
what's my ring is charged that can get
us there
the Atlantis archives if this is an
altered timeline we might find a record
of the triggering event they're assuming
there's an Atlantis it's worth
investigating lets you and I check
things out here ring where's the nearest
power battery
at least that hasn't changed stay low
I'll be back asap now we have to be the
Green Lantern
shut up enjoy the ride I'm not
complaining about the story
no just the outfits and that I have to
play the Green Lantern you know this is
reminding me of the upcoming spider-man
game oh you don't like that outfit I
hate that outfit so much always find
Raven cyborg this is your final chance
to accept the high councilors
get reeducate cab
evil raven i even a slight propolis my
musical that doesn't matter you're still
on the wrong side of the law do this to
your boss this how things work here so
you're a green again something's not
right
to stand down
you're done here definitely not ours oh
okay
about this one there go and this super
bunch that's my super green might open
up all right all right all right hey our
settle down how about this every attack
of his be shooting out in green energy
this or that right well remember
remember he wasn't like charged or
something okay so that's how they're
gonna play that I guess accidentally
dodge I think is animations oh shoot
she taking me to the upside down
no-hitter with my super dude see what
that is all about all right and wake up
wake up
hit okay I guess I needed to be closer
that way you know that was that was a
bit of a disappointment what did you do
I did my super I did my super rich now
if you want to know what it did I don't
know okay it increased your will college
my willpower
oh that's right I don't know okay that
did a Green Lantern thing our rate is
the next two not going down I don't know
what that means I don't know what that
means either
great hey I beat her that's all that
matters guess I won't be getting any
more lip from her women and no I get
awakening zachetti
the one who's turned you into a
second-rate thug I'll show you
second-rate
talk you now okay let's talk about the
mess of trouble you're in
and how I'm gonna knock that head
sideways
oh he hit me with a missile how about
this how about this how about that's
just a normal move there all right there
and then we can do all right how about
nope how about nope not close enough all
right Lantern how about this nope okay
great
still don't really know what my super
does your glowing green but I'm going
blue green so maybe does something
awesome maybe it makes me more powerful
or shields me or something right yeah
like that that's a good one
hope there now you like that okay how
about this
and this take the next cyborg
oh he booyah x' that's adorable
nope nope okay hey I heard that
something he says yeah yeah I know it
from the cartoon but good thing I did I
beat him I've reached level 6 it's still
on straight i won look I'm not with them
whoever they know you know they catch
you up you have the stones to refuse
their amnesty who are they working for
who's the only one who can keep measures
like them in line Wonder Woman Sinestro
on my way no I need to charge my ring
when you guys are gonna take advantage
requite out yeah yep right here the
green arrow I'll be happy to see green
arrow dying
yeah no oh come on eat this sinestro eat
bus oppressing your home planet isn't
enough Sinestro the one earth government
is similar to mine on Corrigan an
alliance was logical so for now I
tolerate humans even Hal Jordan my
doppelganger has joined your side a
super bunch about this
okay I don't know where you left off
yeah remember this one great
still delivery service hey Jack yeah as
you enjoyed deck-building games I do
have you played Paul Peterson smash-up
it's a simple card game on a smallish
box you might enjoy him think hey I
played smash that sounds very familiar
also fuck that guy who made you say fuck
Germany okay that's fair shadow a leap 5
says I'm so drunk right now
I forgot what to say oh yeah somebody
should make an aging time-lapse for the
red letter media hack frogs
that'd be great sure shad take another
zip wow that's not hurtful at all
an aging time right people age aging
just means you're winning a life jack
you know that's the thing
hey lost that one still trying to figure
that that hole is so good I'm wagering
your super meter and put out what would
exactly have to press I think was right
trigger to wager the whole damn thing
well I just used my super meter so I
don't think I had anything that's
probably why you lost yeah
I'm resisting arrest the one-liners need
a little work you know you okay how
someone call me your Sinestro Corps
Sinestro is right
phears more effective than willpower so
you ditched green and went yellow the
color of cowardice I'm still about order
like the Guardians sanctimony is easy
when you don't save it time to kick my
ass time to kick my ass
yeah yeah that's a good move do you
think how'd you like it I'm trying I'm
trying he's plucking
some luck faith hey stop fucking around
oh this could be my first lost yeah
throw a water tower oh that's a good
move I know after another 100 at the
wrecking ball get their artistry oh man
thank you can use your soup dee doop
Oh
they need to be close I finally used it
damn it time to die there's so many
clothes on a bad thing so many controls
in a fighting game jeez have no idea
what what you feel so helpless and then
you end up button mashing and that's so
unsatisfying yeah every once in life you
get that you get the right mojo Oh died
hmm I lost retry time to kick my ass
oh right fair that's fair share only
five says I'm so drunk right now I
forgot what it's sing oh yeah somebody
should make an oh we got that 140k funky
tune says loving slay this fire board
game suggestion for Jacko
yeah cuz deck builders Warriors is a
dice building game nice bit you fill out
your bed with spell and monster dice
super fun and family-friendly D my F
none of sense
I have been recommended I did to him
this time
how do you like it dickhead I haven't
been recommending black mirror to my
friend but he says once I'm done
I'll just feel bad I have never been
able to explain why I find a lot of
enjoyment and stuff like this can you
guys help
Hey I can't I can't help you make your
friend like black mirror I am sorry he
could just be saying that to you because
he's just not interested in it and he's
trying to be polite I don't know all
right did better this thing well that
was surreal
and a bit disturbing yeah all that
yellows really tough on the eyes really
Oliver we need to move that's what
you're adding to the situation
yes hiding from the cops aren't there
any good guys here there just might be
different bad man
nothing yet the energy signature from
the park doesn't match anything in the
database widen I just vibrated the same
frequency as the energy signature and
follow them because we don't know if
they went somewhere dangerous or if they
win anywhere at all
Superman is right it's too risky too bad
I wasn't fast enough to catch them in
the first place you totally should have
been I mean you have to that's the one
thing you do bury and you're kind of
sucking at it I need information on all
the fun heroes to be I gotta do an
Aquaman I'm sorry jack I'm sorry mrs.
Jack yeah my last tip was a joke about
purchasing cable which conveys access
shows from alternate universes diehard
1870 is a fine show however in this
universe our or any other okay five
years ago the criminal Joker to seed
Superman into killing his wife and
unborn son and destroying metropolis
that's a lot of grief Superman killed
the Joker
oh we saw that we thought I'd remember
afterward he showed no restraint judge
jury and executioner he and other
like-minded metahumans quickly reined in
the criminal element which made him
quite popular the surface world was
desperate for strong leadership
Superman consolidated his power he
created the one earth government
democratic institutions were swept away
sire the high councilors envoys await
you in the throne room
are we gonna fight who we gonna fight
the flash or maybe should them they're
Captain Marvel
we're Shazam whatever The Clash Shazam
welcome your highness it's an honor to
meet you
and to be the first surface people to
visit Atlantis yes we have important
matters to discuss the treaty the final
draft
Superman is glad you agreed to his terms
may I
the outfits are even uglier in this
dimension look at that that flash outfit
it's even uglier sorry is there a
problem this is complete subjugation
Superman will rule Atlantis it's what
you agreed to it's what we expect you
threatened me
tread carefully we have our orders
Aquaman he's only flash were fast enough
to have dodged that fucking flash the
universe where flash has average speed
right
oh that's a like I feel like Aquaman is
awesome in everything that's not comic
books maybe maybe you just have another
comic book maybe I haven't read the
right comic books that's or maybe you
have this vision of the Superfriends in
your house and that's not quite reality
you know you might be right
Nik
oh how do you write the flash without
him dang just way too overpowered yeah
exactly that's always been my problem
but the flash is a character honestly
and he any fight the flash is in should
be a joke right
Oh nope I wanna be on the side
nice if you do yeah oh that's a great
question job like maybe we'll try
alright let's find out
tidal wave nice suck it
very good into shut up Billy
fuck man oh shit I was about to do
something cool let's try that again
no Jack likes Aquaman look at this he's
awesome hahaha man yep
what are the odds what are the odds that
by this time next week in the stream
Jack will be talking about how he picked
up an Aquaman comic book oh that's
possible where the odds he blocked my
super duper rich I'm sorry
fucking blocks my super do ya can you
not go through the glass wall on this
there's a there's a our button I think
Billy Batson oh yeah for a second yeah
it's great
that's investin I don't know whatever is
wherever that character's name is
Oh suck it no that's just an awesome
move just a blip my shit if not gonna
missing shit come here dick let's see if
you fight in the ocean other side I can
do that no the other side did the same
thing oh no oh no I'm close I don't want
to lose em up how about this oh oh no oh
shit what was that your soup you do yeah
I need to be closer when I do the soup
the dupes I think yeah yeah Atlantis
doesn't have stage transitions Oh ocean
Master I'm the king of Atlantis I answer
to no one unlike you mind your tongue
you would give away your kingdom like a
pair of worn boots to a surface dweller
the treaty requires Superman to maintain
Earth's oceans and recognize our
autonomy you put your army at his beck
and call
unnecessary compromise more like
appeasement I grew tired of this take
him
oh let me do this I won't have to do
like a little brawler section where I
fight just minions and demolisher nope
Oh or maybe maybe forget I said what I
always liked about um whatever Smash
Brothers is on the I wanna set a bleep
yeah they had minions maybe the Wii U
they had like side-scrolling brawler
sections but you get you still got to
use your smash powers whose neat it was
satisfying you know you were oh you were
definitely overpowered
I had planned to offer you help I've
changed my mind
sucker-head look Chet this is the night
this is the night Martha is down in the
calendars where Jack became an October
world's biggest Aquaman fan maybe this
is much love for the East Coast take my
money delightful Hat frauds will do
thank you we love taking people's money
a mug says thanks to the stream
regardless of the game boys love Joe
kitty 0:01 so hey guys I just got a job
in our office and a warehouse there's
the Arlen warehouse like how many rooms
in the office how much is rent just
curious about what it's like a studio
you also like my social security number
and bank routing number and I just have
just a warehouse it's got some rims up
front there's nothing nothing too
exciting
what's that one to wonder if there's a
way to win those it has to do in a
salute your super super yeah and how
much would be super super there's a
wagering factor like next time I think
there are controller buttons for only
partially wagering you're sure thing now
let's discuss a revised for it the wager
thing doesn't seem to matter since it
does like zero damage yeah but I think
if you will you get like health back
there seems to be a positive aspects to
the wager
Dale froze someone did someone Satana
something magic why are you installed I
sensed the return of aggression saw
those calls you did more than that you
brought us here
no well I couldn't go through Beauty my
fire doesn't need stoking Aries tell me
who you presume to come back me I do and
you will obey
it's just soap ambassador you know it's
great socket and some water oh because
I'm acclimating see I do quite well in
water
unlike you've got of war
oh oh oh oh shit
you're an accent me how about this yes
and shark we needed the big finisher the
big finisher oh no Lucy I didn't mean to
kick him I wanted to stab with my
lightning again it's silly it's
appropriately silver so if you didn't
bring us here who did those who reminds
the insurgents heroes only the best hero
the only one who can challenge Batman
was in joint along the small
I need to join my colleagues there with
the insurgents as we speak
sends me to them
I mean I just kicked your ass so you
have to do in a statement
look how'd you get here you know it'll
be great
Arius if that shark move our area
doesn't we know it gets bad man check
repellent yeah trying to prevent one
it's a durability and answer final 93r
how can a pill a lack of Julian nanotech
increases the tensile strength buffeted
by several thousand percent other world
Batman outfit that's better later if
you're having trouble sleeping he
borrowed the recipe from Superman Supes
gives it to his flunkies yes I met a
couple of our evil twins they're not
evil
most obey Superman out of fear or they
believe he's right and I've lost
perspective so you're the only one left
not the only one
what is this how are you even alive he's
with me unlike your Luthor
I've never indulged in law-breaking
Superman doesn't suspect his best friend
is funding the insurgency what's evil
critical of Superman disappear
government officials activists reporters
well now that we're all here explain why
you chose us and why you didn't ask
before yanking us over we were kind of
busy the nuclear bomb it didn't go off
your transfer is somehow preventing it
how do you know about we've been
monitoring your world for some time you
four specifically I have a weapon to
take down Superman a kryptonite based
laser that incapacitation your
kryptonite laser now whatever
I'm gonna use my kryptonite sniper rifle
and that'll imprison him what Jesus
Christ lady good reeducation wasn't
going to affect him you sure you don't
want me to stay cow I know you didn't
lose your super hearing are you okay
with this Wonder Woman or is everyone in
this game like they did not spend money
on facial animations they spend all
their money on all the elaborate outfits
with all the buckles and flaps and folds
I just came to tell you come on his way
in guess my super hearing is working
by
hi counselor
