Episode 043
Dead... Tired of this series (Part 1)
February 20, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNiYrT6cFlg
___________________________________________

starting ticking the numbers start
ticking you know right I've noticed we
sometimes don't start when it goes red
but I mean you know good rule thumbs
when the thing text here shows up as red
we're live yeah absolutely it's a good
rule of thumb hello hi how's everyone
doing everyone we're here and we're
stream and before this starts I know
jack-bots already has an exclamation
point for this but neither rich nor eye
has seen Black Panthers so we can't talk
about it
and its opening weekend so let's not
spoil it for anyone who cares about
spoilers there's a half of the bag got
about it there's there's released it
early there's all releasing they didn't
release the half of the bag during the
stream they released a before the stream
which is very courteous it's a very
courteous as always that was not
intentional they were not thinking of us
they just released it when it was done
but no spoilers on the new thing and
rich and I haven't seen it well you know
I plan on seeing it this week
rich probably doesn't so you'll have to
wait I'm playing this on nightmare mode
I my characters fully leveled and so
this game is this game is so comically
easy my first time playing through this
game Jack no my very first time playing
through this game was a no death run
where I did all the side missions
without even trying right you turn the
sound up here a little bit for us or do
I have you might have it muted in game
okay oh wait yeah well you might have it
muted in in game cuz I don't hear it I
don't hear during thing
don't wanna I don't want to deprive
people of the cutscenes cuz they all
care about that of course they do of
course they do everyone no game sound
here yeah knows no game sound for us
either Rich's working on game sound
right now but but Ritchie while we can't
talk about the popular new movie that's
out what we can talk about is problems
with controllers let me let me figure
out what the fuck is going on here first
oh okay I may I may need to troubleshoot
there's no sound at all that's weird
yeah if there's no music that's probably
because ie listen I tend to listen to
other things when I game right and I I
probably just had this sound for music
all the way down talked about cameras so
they want you talking about cameras they
love your camera stories here's what I
can tell you by the way I'm so I'm
editing the episode that we shot oh my
god these are all all the way down yeah
I'm editing the episode that we shot on
Wednesday and it looks fucking gorgeous
both both of our cameras you know there
are close-ups that that I switched it to
the nice cameras the nice DSLRs our look
great look crisp and here's that here's
the amazing thing the the real thing
when you have a camera running at a high
bit per second data rate is when you
start color correcting it doesn't
degrade the footage at all yeah because
we have three separate cameras each with
their own sensor we're using three
slightly different lenses on all the
cameras and so the color information is
going to be different for every camera
but I was able to tweak yours in my
color and it just still looks crisp and
beautiful okay okay but once I started
tweaking I used the old af100 for the
wide-angle and once I started tweaking
the color on that you can see little
artifacts alright it's not as good I'm
sorry it's okay it's the wide shot so
it's not going to be as important but
holy moly
it looks it looks sharp and crisp you're
just gonna look even older thanks a lot
you jerk yeah so I'm having controller
issues you're having controller issues
which is shocking because you got
yourself one of those really nice Xbox
elite controller almost exactly a year
ago yeah almost exactly a year one of
the the $150 Xbox elite controller but
it might I say a ridiculous price even
for how nice of a controller it is well
ok ok I was playing this game actually
at home yeah miss marina the first time
through when I did a deathless without
Frank I just start the character just
started running forward his own hmm like
not doing anything to put the controller
down it starts moving up I go into the
menus the menu just starts going
do-do-do-do-do-do going up scrolling up
and so there's a joystick drift issue on
my xbox pro controller yeah where
there's something in there is worn out
and it just always wants to input up as
a movement for the dead the dead zones
all fucked up so when your thumb is not
on it thumb is not on it it wants to go
forward sure and it wasn't one of those
issues you know like sometimes if you
turn a game on and you're already
pressing forward or something yeah it
registers it wasn't an issue like that
you don't think I looked into fixing it
like I looked up some youtube videos and
whatnot yeah everything I've seen it
involves soldering and a new fucking
whole fucking new thing in there for the
for the joystick so this is a known
issue is it yeah I I'm so I'm waitin for
what I've always been wanting to learn
how to solder
oh I'm the up side this might cause me
to invest in a learning out of solder
and getting a soldering gun yeah on the
other side of things you know I I had
contemplated well I guess I just got to
get a new one now like wait a minute the
reason I spent a hundred and fifty
dollars on to the Cadillac of game
controllers is cuz I just assumed
spending that much fucking money half
the amount that a fucking xbox one would
cost
that would be well-built and it would
maybe maybe a little bit more durable
than another cheap piece of shit
controller uh-huh you know I figured it
would last longer than a fucking MadCat
controller you would assume yes
absolutely you know wait why am I gonna
buy another one the whole reason I
bought it was that I thought I'd be more
durable it makes no sense to buy another
one I'm annoyed as you should be I I
would say take it up with whoever you
purchased it from and to see if there
you know a lot of times sometimes
there's a there's a warranty just like a
built-in manufacturer's warranty 90 days
90 days well there you go
even if we were a year I'd be screwed
now yeah I'm sorry I I also have the
Xbox one controller I have not had a
problem with it mind still works great
to this day but I'm very I'm very sorry
no Triano complaining run hey you been
pissed off too
if you're $150 controller took a shit a
year after you bought it absolutely
absolutely and you know what I think
soldering is one of those things that
like that's a talent that's the talent
and that's a skill that could help you
later on in life you don't necessarily
want to like try it out on the super
expensive gaming controller you know
well I I might look for something to
practice on before I jump right into the
hundred and fifty dollar controller
right I'm just saying it's something I
always wanted to learn how to do anyway
hmm yeah nothing feels quite like that a
league controller it is it is top of the
line the whole reason I bought it was I
thought it would last longer than a
normal one yeah it feels great yeah I
mean I would also assume the standard
the standard X because I bought a cheap
one yeah when a bro I've got a normal
one it feels fine now it doesn't have
quite half of the weight to it but the
weight and the grip the the
the expats that leave just feels nice if
it's gonna at this point I can't say it
was worth it
oh no obviously it broke obviously it
broke all right so my goal here I just
want to get through this game as quickly
as possible I'm gonna do a few of the
side missions but I think in general
just just finish the game sure then
we're gonna see how long it takes not
necessarily a speedrun not a perfect run
no maybe we should we maybe call it a
rush run
I'm not fucking around yeah rush run are
not fucking around too much run yeah
we'll see we'll see I'm playing it on
nightmare this mode actually has a timer
worth oh we're talking about you know it
still works differently than didn't Dead
Rising 1 & 2 but something yeah all you
know what like so my elite still works I
see a lot of people talking about the
controller's they use my ps4 controller
still work great though they no longer
hold a decent battery my my two ps4
controllers that I've had for a couple
years now I if I'm having a longer
gaming session I'll need to plug it in
after a couple hours they no longer hold
my charge which is really upsetting you
know it works out for me because usually
I'm gaming in my office and so like I'm
close enough where I can plug in and
it's not the biggest deal but if I was a
living room gamer I'd be really pissed
at that you're amazed I'm even playing
this I don't have pure hatred for this
game it's a shitty Dead Rising game but
as its own thing it's that's alright
that's alright
kind of neat places we're gonna cringy
humor
that's the that's the is that it's that
Michael Bay kind of humor or you feel
like they're laughing at people in that
with them that's a good way to describe
Michael Bay type humor yes remember in
the Transformers when bumblebee peed on
that guy
this discovers a transvestite are they
stupid haha that's the kind of humor
this game has yeah this carrot this
character is gay and that is funny the
joke is that this character is gay yes
that's that's in here that very thing is
in here no
this guy already has more personality
than yellowjacket guy yes a lot of
people hate the protagonist in this game
I think he's alright
yeah yeah how do we know about him so I
mean all I neveri am I missed the
cutscene or anything no nothing meaty
okay he has a he has a 12 tattoo on his
neck yeah and that's all I know about
him so far is that all I need to know
about him so far and he's cowardly a
little bit he's not he's not overly
confident about anything that happens
which honestly makes a whole lot of
fucking sense right it's that level of
realism where it's like yeah I would
probably hide isn't I'm going to save
the day that's great okay got nothing on
Frank West but
neither richer I have played Monster
Hunter World No so we're probably not
going to talk about that
this one's so dark the games are done
this isn't a Dead Rising game it's a
Dead Rising game in name only
it's a you this game works best like
Star Trek discovery it works best when
you try and ignore the name on the cover
sure and think of it as its own thing we
we decide now that's now that the season
is over the reason I decided to read up
our free subscription yeah and and last
night like yeah you know what let's
watch an episode of Star Trek discovery
see let's see where you know we left off
at the mid-season point I haven't really
thought about it yeah since and then we
were getting ready to watch it and we
couldn't remember which episode we left
off and we're like shit we should
probably watch a few episodes before
this is reminded like we've forgotten so
much about the show right just because
we didn't care so we relaunched the
mid-season finale I got to see them
sweet Klingon tits again forgot about
those monster tits yeah yeah so just
something no one has ever wanted to see
I don't think it's supposed to be the
sexiest thing well it's not supposed to
be sexy but it's also I I don't think
it's supposed to be like this it was
unnecessary I get it I already get that
you know I ought to get what the Klingon
is doing you don't need to see them
then clean on flippers flappers
bagel
yeah that's alright that's a head like
that idea where he's just like a little
platforming make your way past the hole
oh I don't I don't deny chat I don't
deny that someone out there really did
want to see Klingon tits I'm just saying
we didn't need to in general I don't
even like the Klingons that much and the
grand scheme of Star Trek yeah you know
they work fine for the as far as like a
one note one note race goes it's fine
they serve their purpose in some
storylines but far more interesting as
allies because just the thought of the
Star Trek of the Federation trying to
have peaceful diplomatic relationships
with this fuckin backwards warrior race
that ya should never have made it out
into space right is more interesting
than we're going to kill each other yeah
yeah yeah the the diplomacy involved in
having to put up with the Klingon blood
ceremony that's interesting yeah when I
want a villain I'm gonna turn to the
Romulans or the Cardassians or the
Dominion as being far more interesting
as villains
I gotta get out of here man you got a
family to get back to parents don't have
any me neither yeah sometimes you're
better off that way no gone it's fine
holy hell is this wide show 30 30 frames
oh no no it's oh and it's acting funny
for you guys I saw that oh wow yeah I I
don't know what to do about that it does
not look that jittery for us No
so works assisted suicide episode was
fun I'd say that's probably the best use
for the Klingons the Federation having
to deal with these fuckin backwards
ideas which episode of Worf got crippled
and rather than having surgery to make
us improve his quality of life he just
wanted to kill himself he wanted to
commit ritualistic suicide because his
legs didn't work which mine Klingon
value is I have no value to society I
must die do the ritual and see but
they're not you what about your child
the ceremony of the customers dictate
the Klingons that I almost committee
remote and just Starfleet dealing with
that shit that's classic Star Trek to me
though where they're just like that's
that's like perfect I'm saying that's
how to best use the Klingon oh right
right no I'm with you I think like
that's perfect usage where it's like
Star Trek saying like we need to be
diplomatic and we need to respect to
other cultures but also we disagree with
the culture Oh what are we gonna do it's
great so worthless like a racehorse
that's yes that's kind of a Worf sees
himself yes yeah that's how Klingon see
themselves
the walls are thick it'll buy us some
time camera is all stuttering to what
what what can we do about this is the
issue this game it could be the game is
processor intensive we'll see when the
actual gameplay starts yeah yeah the
restarting the expert could help let's
see what happens like now it's running
Tori I wonder if it's just a cutscene
people I am just a cutscene thing than
fucking to deal with keep an eye on it
when when the actual gameplay is
happening and see if it's still
stuttering cuz I'm not seeing any
stutters right now well they have to
keep an eye on up during actual gameplay
that's it's the stream oh right yeah I
what I mean is watch me make a conscious
effort oh actually you know something
weird here so on the on the top of
exploit they give us a little some some
info on the top as we're streaming and
according to xsplit we have not dropped
any friends weird but we obviously have
we can restart xsplit everything running
fairly smooth now
yeah they're saying as soon as the
cutscene ended it got better which is
very strange hey we'll take it we will
take it I'm on the fence whether or not
I should try to save these random people
do it right there it's gonna be a lot of
them what's your twice
there's a back in the fucking car dick
get back in the car there you go so what
do you have to do just clear zombies
away from them escorts are bad
oh yeah you don't even need to get them
in the car no oh that's they just run
away
dang gonna she's gonna run away goodbye
really yeah so unsatisfying
let's court fuck
oh geez
Jesus let's see what we got here
anonymous says if you could implant one
new skill directly into your brain of
the matrix-style what would it be you
don't know there's not anything that
you've ever wanted to know the car
mechanic work on your own car yeah
that's not a bad thought that's kind of
something you should have done first by
the way didn't I say playing this would
be too boring a completionist I mean I
did wanted to why not if I were to have
a something downloaded into my brain I
would want the language pack that'd be
handy that would be incredibly
incredibly handy you know like if there
was just like a like a SIM card that I
could plug into my brain that's like now
I know Spanish fuck that'd be great oh
I'm gonna take a trip to China
here's Mandarin I love that but it's
because it's loading the next level data
during the cutscene oh that could be
maybe but you can skip cutscenes
so you'll have to play dead rising four
and that's not can yeah we can deal with
jittery people are saying yeah oh yeah
I'm gonna deal the jittery cow so yeah
let's see here that guy from Scotland
has a very important question yeah which
is when will blade join the MCU
I hope they can just canonize the Wesley
snipe movie and have him join the lineup
with spider-man and Hulk in all his 90s
leathery glory vampires are now a thing
yeah you'd be probably I mean it's not
not canon don't think it's it's not not
canon
that's it but that's a really easy fix
that's a really easy fix if you have a
new blade movie and it's part of the MCU
how old is Wesley Snipes
that's the determining factor on whether
or not they would do this what do you
know you mean bring blade back yeah well
you do know wouldn't be Wesley because
they want to do another movie yeah
all right then it wouldn't be Wesley
then I won't do it they won't make those
movies can and they might make a new
blade they're more they're far more
likely in fact to make a new blade
they're gonna make a new blade Wesley
Snipes is now the mentor figure training
the new blade the next generation of
blade that's how you got to do it you
have you have Wesley be the Whistler
legacy character suck yeah what are you
gonna do nobody wants to see blades lame
knockoff they want to see blade even if
it's a rebooted blade I'd rather see
blade it's gonna still be blade it just
won't be Wesley Snipes Wesley Snipes
wouldn't even agree to that that's
probably true Wesley slave types is
terribly uh he's only 55 yeah then they
could do it they could totally do it
have him be the old man blade yeah he's
got vampire blood sure which I guess
he's still ages but he could still be
super strong and healthy for a 55 year
old man sure oh I wouldn't mind
I wouldn't mind old man bleh
yeah then kaleidoscopic that's probably
what we'd have to do in play in the new
blade too so you know you bring Wesley
back yet you get your gritty blade in
there everybody's happy then blade two
comes around and he's training the new
blade and it's gonna be a girl blade
it's gonna be his daughter daughter
blade blade Asst latest política later
played arena blade re glacially lady
blade
you know for diversity Jack what if we
had a white blade I like it it's a bowl
it's a bold new take you know I think
that's that's been the real problem with
the entire MCU not enough white people
that's the exact problem wait she won't
come with you because she wants to
finish her tag oh thanks for reminding
me Chad
you know what what I thought of yeah
just the other day and it did not come
to mind when we were talking about Lobo
movies oh yeah yeah you know who we
missed Jason Momoa who's he
Aquaman it's cool yeah he'd be the
fucking perfect Lobo
in fact in Justice League he's basically
playing Aquaman as Lobo there's well
there's this there's two ways you could
do a cinematic Lobo yeah you could try
and do something more serious but they
already have a command so you can't do
Jason Momoa yeah but you do that kind of
thing where it's a well of realistic
believable I'm not an on silly Lobo you
do that or you go the other extreme and
you do the Macho Man Randy Savage and
you do comedy Lobo oh I'm just saying
like if if we were if we were actually
trying to fit Lobo into the current DC
Universe and if Aquaman wasn't already a
thing Jason Momoa would be the perfect
Lobo and I gotta say my opinion yeah
over-the-top comedy Lobo that's the more
interesting way to go it could be I
think if we were we were talking about
you know like if Michael Bay does Lobo
who's the perfect person to do Lobo you
got you have to give him an action star
who's taking himself very seriously but
it's ridiculous and I still think that's
Jason Momoa because he's a terrible
actor well if you're doing Michael Bay's
version then yeah yeah yeah Jason Momoa
for Michael Bay's version
but for what's-his-face was gonna do
ant-man he did the Shaun of the Dead and
what's this fucking name oh yeah that
guy what's this then
the Macho Man Randy Savage oh my god I
don't want to look at Jack because I
want to remember his name
Edgar right Edgar right Edgar Wright is
his name Edgar Wright slobo self-aware
bizarre
Edgar Wright slower Lobo starring john c
reilly
Edgar Wright will never sign on for a
superhero film again and no one will
hire him for a superhero film again so
it's okay he doesn't need to worry about
sign well what happened behind the
scenes he he wanted something that
Marvel didn't want okay why would that
make him never want to do another
superhero film again he wasn't willing
to play ball with the big with the big
guns okay
the big wigs wanted wanted some things
that he wasn't willing to give them and
oh my god Ritchie was supposed to save
her okay
rumor has it as far as the Edgar Wright
ant-man situation is concerned is he
wanted to make Evangeline Lilly a much
bigger part of the movie in fact I think
he wanted and and this is pure rumor and
speculation but I believe he wanted to
end the movie with the wasp saving the
day yeah which would have made a shit
ton more sense in the ant-man movie and
was probably built to do that but then
Disney said well we're gonna save the
wasp event for the sequel wewe need her
you know to do this and this and he just
wasn't willing to play ball he was this
is all rumor and speculation and little
bits
and and basically he just didn't get his
way which is fair you know like you're
working for a big studio you got a you
got to have your own voice but also
listen listen to the money he also
wanted Scott Lang to be a less
redeemable character which I also would
have liked Marvel had a plan they had a
plan much like the rumor with with Lord
Miller in the Han Solo movie that they
were gonna turn it into a straight-up
like B movie comedy and purple were
purposefully having their actors be bad
because they had a funny vision of what
they wanted the movie to be like there
was even a rumor that they were hiding
dailies from Disney like they wouldn't
show Disney their dailies crazy is what
that is it's crazy it's great Lauren
Miller don't give no fucks
where is she she's behind the van hey
she got stuck
get on bitty Marvel you know Marvel made
the safe decision with ant-man and
ant-man isn't the greatest even of the
MCU like it's just not a it's not a very
interesting movie and I think it has oh
my god I think it has a lot of blandness
issues that route that we're a direct
result of the director you know being
swapped midway through production
I really enjoyed ant-man and enjoyed him
and Civil War oh it's fine it's a
perfectly serviceable movie and really
anytime Paul Rudd gets to be in a big
Hollywood movie I'm down let's have him
be in everything because he's the
greatest ever
always but with Edgar Wright it could
have been an interesting Marvel movie
but Marvel made the right call for
safety sake
Paul Rudd as Lobo see now you're talking
I would love that
now but for it know Paul Rudd in
anything right now anything I will say
yes to that I love Paul Rose the two
extremes one hand you have machete yeah
on the other hand you have the Macho Man
Randy Savage is the two acceptable ways
to do Lobo yes I agree
hard as biker or parody hard-ass
comically over-the-top biker
haha oh you take off your gloves to do
that oh she's
I thought her helpfully thing after low
ivenn Lee says thanks for returning man
to slay the spire have been really into
it yeah I'm coming closer and closer to
to beating the game with with the iron
clam I can now like pretty pretty
reasonably get to get to the final boss
we're pretty not reasonably pretty
reliably get to the final boss I had the
greatest so you know when you talk to
the space whale yep or the ghost whale
in the beginning yeah one of one of my
options was obtain a random common relic
and so I chose that option and at the
beginning of the game the relic I got
was instead of picking a card anytime
you pick a card instead you can gain two
max HP okay which is great because a lot
of times you don't want to pick any of
the cards anyway and so as buy it by the
time I got near the end I was almost at
a hundred eight P it's nice which was
awesome I still lost first very
difficult of course but it's coming in
it's coming in to its own why do boss
battles suck so much in this game
because they do next to no damage and
you have to try to lose
hunchback Jack yes that was a boss or a
psycho our psycho bosses yeah yeah
oh yeah thickness
yeah anonymous says Jack how's the diet
going looking scam or is that just the
beard oh the beard diets going all
certainly not the beer it's not the beer
it's the beer duck
it's going alright it's going alright
it's got it's got a we got ups and downs
but we're fine that we're back on making
steady losses again so I'm not at my
lowest I'm not at my heaviest progress
progress in cognate in cognate öhlins so
Jack I hope you enjoyed my music
recommendation from last stream Charlie
bliss if so I'm glad to bring you
another check out the band Ozma and
their sung turtleneck cover up and
restart
I remember Ozma from back in the day
Ozma was a Weezer like band they did a
really great cover if I'm remembering
Ozma right they did a really great cover
of the tetris theme song yeah yeah that
a really neat you know cuz they they
were you know more of a slacker rock you
know the Weezer ish cover band but they
had a lady singer in there and they had
a really good cover of the tetris the
theme song if that's yeah that's Ozma
hey lady
oh I have to hit the button to continue
how do you play games that you had
because I hate it would be a strong word
for this game as a shitty Dead Rising
game and it's if you don't judge it as a
Dead Rising game it's kind of okay yeah
a mediocre mediocre generic zombie game
so what's the story here
and we're gonna get out of the city well
like you know with the last one we have
to get out of the city it was a it was a
zombie heist there's a mix there's just
a plot a plot toss Alan plot toss salad
they're looking for the girl was he
weird tattoo and doing something with
the president this is just all this shit
is just mixed together and nothing fits
together properly fine that's fair
why is that general wearing a black
leather Nazi jacket maybe because he's
just the villain yeah they're there so
they're hiding it so well I liked how
his like lady general was also wearing
like the super like titty exposed with
the black tie in between Michael Bay
made a Dead Rising game Michael Bay made
a Dead Rising game that's the
explanation for Dead Rising 3
this stuff's too smart let's make it
really dumb yeah just boobs in there get
some boobs but this is why people are
funny this game this is like later
Michael Bay not even fun Michael Bay
early Michael Bay is at least fun
Michael Bay
damn honey you could probably make more
of these out on the road now that you
know you know the cut-scene framerate
scrap I don't know why we're dealing
with it yeah we're very sorry it's it's
taking a lot of processing power for
these cutscenes
I should have done this ages ago
look
oh Jesus
I mean I think with that you can just
take care of the entire zombie infect
those fucking roadblocks everywhere
getting around in this game is just
annoying it's not fun it's annoying
Dead Rising 1 & 2 maps are these nice
simple loops
we got here we got a is joe flacco
elites who says I got fallout 4 when it
came out but couldn't get into it I gave
it another chance recently and got
really invested have either of you had a
game that you came to appreciate after
revisiting possibly
okay well I'm not in love with this I
this has grown a little bit on me
Dead Rising 3 sure okay a little bit I
could see that I'm currently going
through a my second tiny reinvestment in
pub G have you know after after they
came out with v1 and and gave us the
death cam and had a little more time
with it I think I I'm enjoying the pub G
a bit more that's one that I've
reinvested some more time into and I've
grown to appreciate
Jackalopes pub GI played a couple rounds
played a couple rounds today up a super
sword yeah I made the wrong thing but
it's not a big empower guy it really had
a really fun time one of my first drop
ins I dropped in right next to someone
we bro that we both dropped in on the
same roof and I found the gun and
bullets first see you're back in oh yeah
and and instead of you know like usually
if someone finds a gun first you know
you go you've run him hide or you start
punching hoping you can get enough
damage in before this huge I am but this
person just knew their number was that
by I had the gun
I had it loaded and I was far enough
away where I was going to get a shot off
Chet we had very little to do with it
but we've had chicken dinners on stream
that's true
oh when did this roving rape gang show
up oh just now
fire so anyway we both land on the roof
and I and I had the person you know dead
to rights and they they just they stood
there and it kind of they gave me a
little they gave me a little mob I saw
them that like okay I'm ready
shot him in the head made it clean the
other game I had today I had a great
vantage point some good weapons good
scopes and I found it a nice like roof
to just hang out on I was inside the
circle and I was slowly picking away at
people who were who would come into my
little zone and and I got into this one
particular battle with someone who was
hiding and couldn't see me didn't know
where I was and I was just pick pick
pick only myself to be picked off by
someone with the sniper rifle behind me
that's great
great time
she put my nuts back up in there kick
them in the balls it's funny Oh
good sugar it's the power of mouse the
power of mouse compel you
a motorcycle with a yeah that kind of
makes no sense no but a motorcycle would
be able to push the steamrollers this
game was designed for babies who don't
want to feel like babies so the babies
like I said my first time playing this
game blind no deathrun save I did all
the side missions yeah you know
Oh
that looks goofy yes great
nope is on the wrong side I can have a
point but you're probably oh no I just
I've just had some some fun runs
recently and and in in revisiting it
more so since they have put in a death
camp and you can actually see what it is
that kills you it's it's completely
changed the game
nope
it's completely changed my feeling about
every run you know every run when I see
what Kevin's like oh yeah yeah that
killed me I wanted to do the fancy smash
head another thing but fuck I just shot
him
let's try and she was you shoot his gas
tank he catches on fire and then you
could do that grab yeah
oh my god you saved us where's he gonna
get a coffin from with friendly plenty
it's not like the corpses are in them
right oh he's sad because he killed a
human
he's character he's not like Chuck
Greenway just what I said you're on fire
your potential is really exploding
that's a sick bird yeah yeah yeah
escape or die
what a twisted metal movie work no maybe
the car wrecking racing game yeah not
much racing is it just demolition derby
yeah it's been a while since I played it
I mean they've made movies out of less
story like a death race like yeah that
could be fun you know the the actually
not a bad movie to start pitching right
now with the success of The Fast and
Furious franchise yeah so like you know
like a more ridiculous r-rated Fast and
Furious that guy that could sell really
well you know we we got to infiltrate
this this uh this uh you make it the
post apocalypse underground demo derby
so we've got a post apocalypse fighting
the tournament with cars mortal kombat
meets Mad Max that's how I said twisted
metal movie okay I'm down but yeah like
they would probably do what you think
though because fast and furious well
yeah that's movie but that's what they
would do you gotta sell it
we just got bitch
right away or you're gonna turn in the
next few hours I'll go with your friend
to this plane that prays mm well it
wasn't that be an inspiration for
twisted metal probably
thanks for helping me not get raped
earlier I really appreciate that but by
look you're gonna save an old lady yeah
you know what that's fun back and forth
I can see how it'd get old after a while
but it's fun to see at least
but in any case yeah there's a there's a
movie to be made with the twisted metal
series that could be fun
you need some you know you need some
some actors that are names especially
overseas you need at least one or two
big-name actors you know it's not the
worst thing ever made it's nothing
compared to Dead Rising 1 or 2 us this
isn't even a Dead Rising game but it's
not the worst thing I've ever laid eyes
on
yeah and you've already played the first
two yeah interest in Kingdom Come
deliverance not even a little bit I
completely understand why people will be
obsessed with that game that it will not
be my jam Kingdom Come deliverance no I
forgot about this it is so I I believe
it was a Kickstarter game and it is a
giant open-world medieval RPG with a
emphasis on proper historically correct
sword fighting ok and so you know sword
fighting isn't just you know hit hit
roll away you actually have to like
block certain like certain buttons block
in certain directions and you have to
strike in certain directions and use
your shield and they have this whole
historically accurate fighting mechanic
that looks way too much for me way too
much just for me I'm sure people will
absolutely love it and it's one of those
Witcher 3 types you know someone posted
a picture of the script and it was
18,000 pages
what those giant oh you mean boring
sword-fighting yes the sword-fighting
looks very the sword-fighting looks very
boring but technical and if you're able
to master it I'm sure very satisfying
but not necessarily my thing all right
let's go you motherfucker I got the bull
chain cells oh yeah these are the mini
chain sauce in the first game did you I
was cute
you know I would leave you hurry the
fuck up hmm I think this is work for the
sake of time I'm gonna stop doing all of
the side quest sure
this guy was pretty easy to get
yeah let's catch it I got you
it's of dumbness gamers it's coming up
this annoys the hell out of me
it's not a fucking virus they don't even
know the series is fucking war they
don't even know the series fucking more
well but in in the actual Laura isn't
isn't the UH there is no and then
there's nothing resembling the virus but
isn't the cause of mystery no it's a
parasitic wasp well yeah but it hasn't
the government no we figured that's a
little so plot of the first game we
uncover this oh never mind it's well
known okay it's a little thing I know
but get get your own facts straight man
hey oh yeah it just means no one act
like you want to make a Dead Rising game
no one played the first game who made
this game right Jesus that's two flips
yeah we're not having a good flip day
or the Paris the the parasite has
mutated into a virus it's because of a
virus no a separate virus cause the very
parasite all right
like the paw the parasite got the flu
rich Jesus the price doesn't matter if
he dies but
fuck
let's see jack-in-the-box Mahalo cause I
said I've noticed that I repeat my
question
and that guy's running right into it
because he's a fucking moron
all right
you miss Frank West everyone misses
Frank West everyone
I could take him I'll even write ed
Oquendo says hey Jack are you still
playing The Witcher 3 how does that game
compared to Dragon's Dogma any interest
in playing the DLCs button wine is one
of the best DLCs ever no I have not
picked up Witcher 3 recently just
because I've been playing over things no
hate towards Witcher 3 button there's
other things to do at the moment how
does it compare to Dragon's Dogma I like
I probably like Witcher 3 better there
were some there were some weapons in
Dragon's Dogma that I enjoyed more but
overall Witcher 3 I think is better and
you get the same you know big epic
monster battles and a little cooler
stuff and I love roach a horse but some
of the weapons I liked better
or Dominus says Terry Crews as Lobo
that's your Macho Man Randy Savage
replacement because Macho Man is no
longer with us Terry Crews the the big
muscly black dude super muscles you ever
see Brooklyn nine-nine
no you ever see idiocracy yeah the
president oh yeah yeah that works
yeah Terry Crews would be a great Lobo a
green I like that Oh
also what do you guys think about the
David Harbour as hell boy and the pics
of him in costume I haven't seen fix it
from costume I thought he was a good
choice though yeah he could be a good
helpful I also have not seen the
pictures of any guy he's good though
he's good and stranger things so he'll
probably make a good Hellboy
yeah I could see I could see Terry Crews
as a lowball he'd be fun he'd be fawning
over the top I wholeheartedly support
this let's make it happen let's start
petitioning Michael Bay what will will
gather some signatures cuz that always
works with movies she's doing we're
saying this game was the worst of the
Dead Rising franchise that would be for
this is the game were decided it would
be stupid
the dead rising games get worse and
order what is the best then you get to
lose three oh how convenient
come on rich they're all pretty stupid
now there's difference between like like
fun and just dumb gameplay yeah it's
easy
timers suck so just make all easy why
isn't everything easy I just want to I
just want to play the game just finish
it and be done with it
yeah but not to be any challenge
throughout that's Dead Rising 3 that's
that's the rate of dumb dead rising
funny literally just want to mow down
hundreds what oh me I just want to move
down or zombies that's the only thing I
want to do ever dead rising theory says
I could do that in the first two but
there are other things I could also do
and that made me angry I want to ruin
the fun for everyone else
renegade akira says hey guys Devil May
Cry HD is coming to PC next month any
chance you will give the series a try I
recommend starting with devil may cry 3
since it's the first chronologically
Dante's Awakening I don't know if I
think I played the Devil May Cry games
once but I don't have a time to say
about them
rich alright I don't know what to say
well there you go none of us has loved
the stream guys keep up the great work
you hack frogs would you guys ever
stream Dead Rising 2 off the record
co-op with rich as Frank West and Jack
as Chuck with green
I don't think Jack cares about the
franchise Oh any way shape or form I
really don't you know if if you think it
would be fun then maybe a voodoo lady
gonna stop her from killing herself as
part of her voodoo ceremony okay
by punching her in the face yes all
right
that's her
nice
is that
but who was that this game went to the
Ubisoft school of game design our large
open world did the thousands of boring
collectables okay caught them all and
you get a outfit panting it's called
padding but you can wear a different
outfit you'll be great that's great
whoo damn fat guy rarely but we do let's
say rarely but we had somebody Friday
the 13th rooms at this point lately
we've done a lot early on almost never
let yourself in - then let me yeah we
just did we just did that human fall
flat multiplayer yeah yeah that was fun
a lot of a lot of yucks in that stream
did we clip that I get my headstock that
needs to be a Chloe
yeah I know that someone clicked it for
us okay we need to make them put a clip
on our channel though that needs to go
up that needs to be one of her at least
in the playlist at the very least
oh ah stream highlight I didn't I
highlight I didn't think to highlight
that specifically I don't think oh and
you know what someone clipped it so I
didn't even think - hi
oh yeah no we need to make a highlight
oh okay sold now but oh oh super beer
these super bee beers finish that game
really promotion came in fall flat yeah
I don't know how far we got we didn't
hate it we didn't stop playing cuz we
hated it we just got tired of playing at
that particular right right would you
rather see happen first a doom sequel or
a blood-borne sequel fine question just
fine question here's what I'm in the
mood for right at this moment a
blood-borne sequel I might agree with
you as far as been what I'm in the mood
for like right now if I had to choose
but in general identity you know like I
don't know how I'd feel in a couple of
weeks in a month but just right now I
like actually that was something I'm
thinking of replaying blood-borne me too
oddly enough just because like I'm
itchin I'm itching and I know you know
they're working on the the Dead Rising
HD remake not that rising
Dark Souls the Dark Souls HD remake
which which will help scratch that itch
buddy on Dark Souls 3 is your sequel I
didn't let my teen I didn't much care
for Dark Souls 3 when I played it what
why why because it wasn't blood-borne
what's what's the fundamental difference
that's a great question
I get why you might prefer one
stylistically over the other but yeah I
think you know it's tough to say it's
tough to say but yeah I like the world
better I liked the the horror elements
better the the shield parrying was
wasn't didn't have the same feel as the
gun reposting there was there's a lot of
little differences but I liked the
weapons and blood-borne better
although much much more attack focused
and Dark Souls 3 wants you to fight
defensively if that is if that is the
case then that would add to why I didn't
like it ok as I like to go in a hug guns
blazing all right here's a question what
about me oh I didn't like it and I liked
blood-borne and I like the souls games
just fine but Neo die I don't know I
don't even remember why I didn't like it
right now but there was something I
hated they have a they had really
confusing button mashie combat remember
and remember like the different stances
I also remember hating all of the
fucking what junk weaponry oh my god yes
you pick up all the different weapons
and you just have to grind them down
into whatever yeah yeah
yeah yeah that's that was that was a
pain
the idea was not my thing I get this
similar but they don't feel they're not
identical with me Hoenn and my and Dark
Souls I just don't like neo blood-borne
is still a console exclusive still a ps4
exclusive yes yes blood-borne as its as
it's also known the only reason to own
any console I hoped you in this place
now what your turn to help me
yes I'm just gonna wait for the
inevitable
oh yeah then the surge to which this you
know even the surge wasn't terrible it
just felt lacking if the world wasn't
enough the enemies weren't enough Boober
II while he's trying to commit suicide
they couldn't have you actually could
kill so you're immune to the zombie
virus Oh in this game it's a virus
apparently right even though it's
clearly shown as being a parasite later
they just don't know what the fuck is
going on okay the other stupid thing
even if you're immune to the parasite
why is the wound healing super quick why
canonically that would that actually
make sense to how you can heal yourself
by drinking orange juice you know
they're explaining away a throwaway
gameplay mechanic
I need you to drive this stiff over to
my bosses club the diamond penny it's
right here in England the diamond
panties you understand what I'm saying
very well-connected I'm sure you could
get you fuel whatever you need for the
plane just leave her in the car I'll
meet you in the club all right come on I
gotta go okay I'll meet you there the
immunity is unrelated to the girl which
is unrelated to something else that
happens later on but the President of
the United States this game is its plot
salad tossed plot salad
it's all fine you got to go over to the
Diamond Pandey
did it say here 40 funky 40 K funky tomb
says hey guys just getting back into
blood-borne finally going to play the
DLC and going with a blood tinge build
this time what I end up being your
favorite builds weapons stay awesome
what blood-borne yeah as I spawned I
know it's it's a boring answer
yeah but ludwig's holy blade nice nice
balance between quick Thor yeah and and
giant slow damaging sword
yeah that's fair I was I I liked the the
- I think it was the crows like twin
blades you know the two really fast
small blades those those were really
good fucking everyone uses that weapon
maybe everyone uses that weapon for a
reason oh hell no it's fun weapon to use
man yeah what do you want me to tell you
I get we get it chipping is gonna end up
being bad by the way
yeah chipping I don't know why the
people behind this are just
unnecessarily evil but if you didn't
know the people who were behind it were
unnecessarily evil there is nothing
about infected person getting a chip
that automatically puts the drug that
saves your life into your body there's
nothing bad about that there's nothing
that isn't a good idea about having a
medical device implanted under your skin
that would help you not turn into a
zombie
sure but obviously they're obviously
going to use that yes for nefarious evil
purposes because they keep saying
everyone needs this device we're
encouraging everyone
gonna go off but you want to get out of
here Gary but the government is tracking
you all right in this universe in this
specific universe because a parasite
that turns you into a zombie if you
don't religiously take this drug every
24 hours
yeah you kind of want these people track
see you something goes wrong you want to
know where to station your anti-zombie
the patrols and forces I mean in general
in general though if you are it's just
common sense when one person can
accidentally start a citywide apocalypse
you can see why there's still the bad
guys though
skipping that side mission I'm not
trying to do a pervert run a pervert run
perfect Jack perfect don't twist I don't
twist my fucking words you asshole I am
90% certain you just said pervert one
which could Jack the see this is not an
anime game this that could have just
been your brain substituting the word in
pervert because you were walking out of
a strip club people are also saying they
heard perfect pervert round we're gonna
clip it you flip it pervert or perfect
whatever the fuck you want I had
absolutely no reason to say pervert run
just because you didn't have a reason
I'm dissing comte excuse alone by the
way I thought that was the name of the
side mission because he said I'm not
doing this side mission I have no
intention of doing a pervert run I
thought that was the side mission
because you were walking out of a strip
club
sure
as you show the social geometer says hey
guys hope you are well can you please
tell my fiance Kristen you're a real
peach Kristen you're a real peach rotten
and spoiled Paige that's been sitting
around for way too fucking long you
might want to think about some
refrigeration Kristen be Bruno Reese's
hey guys thanks for all the great
streams which have you ever checked out
warframe no it's a vanquish style
shooter with MMO elements really fun
well you lost me with MMO elements I'm
gonna be honest with you rich I have
some bad news for you yeah the chad has
checked the clip that's fine that's fine
you very clearly said pervert
no there's no winning in this world ah
you know we're not doing so bad we're
not just so bad get in I get in the car
I'll take it
Oh take it lick my love bits this is
rich in order to enjoy this game you are
going to have to do some parallel
jumping this game was originally called
zombie gods and then Capcom bought it
and whacked the Dead Rising name on
something I have not heard
and now everyone in chat is saying
that's not true yeah it is true no
that's not true
oh this wacky cast of characters yeah
have you guys played Celeste yet great
platformer and good I saw a video of it
it looks needs yeah you're familiar with
it I am familiar with it it looks neat I
have not played it yet I'm shocked you
have played on stream chat would hate it
that's why why do you know why do you
think I haven't played it on stream the
chatting hated you know you know maybe
and I've been playing a lot I played the
last two streams with injustice so I
wanted to give it a break give me
playing a break
just keep looking that's how you're
gonna fight seems kind of like to do I
know she's real cute and everything my
favorite wu-tang clan member probably
the RZA but for no particular reason I
like the Kyle Ike the wu-tang all
together they work best together but I
think as far as solo work is concerned
RZA has done the most interesting stuff
also Tiberius Kirk is correct that the
wu-tang clan
go there oh yeah they need to finish
titanfall but do we but do we need to
finish titanfall cuz that's his no I
don't think that's entirely up to you I
don't feel a strong urge to finish
titanfall
so I have no urge to finish titanfall I
have no urge to finish
my loud to find this nerd stereotype
offensive if you want yes
first of all rich yeah you are allowed
to find anything you wanna fancy that's
that's not wrong it's not wrong to be
offended so yeah go ahead be offended
man ok it's rich max level and Dead
Rising 3 I'll fun fact this game is so
well designed Jack yeah you can achieve
max level in an hour or two you can do
it an hour or two it's crazy
yeah that's crazy you find the white
right weapon and then you just find a
large group zombies and you spam and
then the combo meter Rises and Rises and
are you getting somebody kills cuz
you're doing it really easy because you
got that weapon that does all the kills
yeah
look buddy so what do you got to do for
this nerd hand kills he wants to see
your sweet moves
great
no chat oh of course chat you have the
right to not care if rich is offended by
the nude stares I have just as just the
same as rich has the right to be
offended that's how it all works outside
of RPGs I can't fight
oh okay I put my gun down on the roof
and apparently it just vanished
so that's great I lost my nice gun oh I
can make another one easy and on there's
a family minority group it's it's okay
or minority or special interest group
it's completely okay to make fun of Jack
it's completely okay no I think there
are there are a lot of a lot of groups
that are made fun of a lot for different
reasons and a lot of people find making
fun of certain groups perfectly
acceptable so I'm not going to agree
with that at all
we're the people lined up to boycott
Revenge of the Nerds where are they
where are they I'm pretty sure there's a
backlash
not-not-not recently or not when it came
out but recently I think I think if heck
if I watched Revenge of the Nerds now
Joe
for the record I'm playing a bit of
devil's advocate right now I'm not going
I'm not legitimately offended right
yeah we're into the nerds is something
special they're like that's a special
circumstance where like they justify
that one nerd raping the girl come on
man come on
but it's okay because she like them
which is yeah Revenge of the Nerds
they're the very first nerds Floyd
patient movie where they got to make fun
of the Nerds and have the Nerds be
heroes at the same time oh yeah
absolutely absolutely
it's not that's not a movie that would
fly nowadays but back back into
rip-roarin 80s you can get away with
anything let's say you level up in this
game just not with this weapon there's
one weapon that's just even more insane
sure and it just keeps going to get like
a combo of thousand I've gotten a combo
of stuff and you level up real quick
that way
sure yeah this is insane how easy it is
to kill all these zombies
that's way there that rape scene in
Revenge of the Nerds is the worst it
like if you just think about it like if
you if you think about it in the context
of real life it is horrifying every
aspect
like beyond that like remember the
heroes of the movie went into the ladies
dorm stole their underpants and planted
cameras so they could watch them shower
and stuff yeah that's the heroes of the
movies I know terrible I know it's
terrible oh that what now then go fuck
ourselves I'm not I'm not trying to do
all the side missions right I do some of
them that ones yeah most of these can go
fuck off oh sure but I'd say as far as
as far as like who it's acceptable to
make fun of like beyond nerds like
everybody still does like general like
nationality jokes you know like Germans
are hard workers
Irish are drunk like people do that all
the time and then you're talking about
you know like how people were raised so
that's it there's everybody's got a
thing nerds are no no specialer than any
other group
I hate political correctness I'm not not
making an argument that nerds should be
a protected group or something oh no no
I wasn't saying absolutely now we're
gonna start a we're gonna start a
campaign nerds needs to be protected
this God knows they can't protect
themselves they're so weak and well yeah
thanks thanks well well I I hate
political correctness yeah I do I have
to admit this part that's coming up yeah
and a couple other parts this game makes
me uncomfortable yeah well you know
there there's a difference between like
like political correctness which is you
know trying desperately not to offend
anyone and just a changing mindset of
the times of what is acceptable that
doesn't necessarily equal political
correctness like like oh I want to make
sure that whatever I do we don't offend
anyone and everyone's comfortable we
welcoming everyone like you know that's
being politically correct but also there
is a there is a always in flux
changing of what is and is not
acceptable behavior and that's okay
that's an okay
epic Jason no I don't think that's true
at all what epic jason says political
correctness is the modern form of
intolerance and yet it disguises itself
as tolerance
no no yeah political correctness I hate
it I I think what a lot of people
consider political correctness is just
someone saying I don't like the thing
you're saying not saying that no one is
saying like yeah you can't you can't say
that they're just saying I don't want to
hear that that's different thing that
said yeah this is a little bit cringy
and this makes me uncomfortable
all right let's see what it is wait just
sign up on the game no no no in the in a
for the chat you oh just a little bit
not not like over the top like oh it's
disgusting it's just like oh you're
there yes III watch this and it's just
like you just don't like gay people is
what I think their point is okay
what kind of move come on don't be so
naive
look all the men walked around right
even the worst thing ever made no
nothing I was from your setup oh yeah
exacting way cringing oh sure no like
that didn't seem like it was played that
like he doesn't seem to be the butt of
the joke it's weird that you're recently
the only joke here is that he's gay I I
guess I don't even see that I don't
that's the only thing there that's a
joke but I don't even read a joke is
what I'm saying like that's just the
mission it's weird that your mission is
fine too hot dead dudes yeah Lloyd Pete
says I don't know gay man wants to make
a gay porn seems fine to me yeah I don't
I don't think they're going for a joke
yeah yeah you don't think they're going
for a joke I'm not seeing it in with the
over-the-top performance that see to me
like that wasn't like that wasn't
flaming that wasn't a flaming over the
top of France I would dare I say I call
that restraint yeah obviously it's a
ridiculous premise that he's making a
gay zombie porn yeah but no I don't
think that's our job I don't think
that's over-the-top at all and once
again I'm not saying they shouldn't be
able to say these things just me when I
personally watching this yeah yeah I'll
tap me back but what are you eating at
that's the question the impression I get
is they're just making fun of gay people
it's the oppression I get sure and I
mean they could be I guess I didn't read
it that way but they could be
people still make fun of trans people
though that's later in the game oh yeah
that happens later in the game which
that's awkward and you know I guess I
was I was expecting something way more
over-the-top big back big black Silvio's
has Jack the problem is that
historically gay people have been
portrayed as insatiable perverts and
that is furthering that roast area thank
you okay I can see that okay I can see
that and so they're you know like
they're not talking about making you
know just a straight pornography it has
to be a gay porn right with zombies
because the the gay people are perverts
oh yeah oh go get with that felt Adam
Sandler ish yes okay that's fair I'll be
with you
it's fine to be illegally infected they
don't have just they don't have chips
the tracking chips yeah you know the
life-saving medicine will the illegally
infected are people who didn't get the
chips all right where are we're coming
here to do anonymous says today is my
birthday and while there are better ways
to spend it being with you guys is okay
too
thanks for the years of content PS how
often do you check the PIO Box twice a
week sometimes once but twice at least
once or twice a week yeah okay try to
make it twice
sure guys got a lot of crap what do they
send oh they didn't tell you what this
image is going wrong from you check it
because I'm sure they sent some crap and
they want to make sure that you got the
craft at this end okay
all the crap has gotten yeah mr. Parrish
we'll just don't send it
perishable animal hog don't send animals
in the mail hot dogs
they're probably not and don't send hot
dogs either absolutely
I like it football Saunders yeah that's
fun
no lame saying there is not an unless
you just don't send animals in the mail
I'm I'm pretty sure you'll get in
trouble
stink up RPO box so there's many many
reasons not to send animals
which I thought you liked PC better than
X oh I get it
I'm sorry I get it I thought you liked
PC better than Xbox at least it's not
bad it's not bad it's just I didn't read
it correctly inside I messed up your
joke and I'm really sorry I got it so
word
sister Ling says why rich why Jack do
you know why nobody knows why it's fine
science is a thing
true dat dad people some people insist
they know why
yeah that's why religion is a thing
and some people insist that there is
knowing there is no knowing why and
that's why nihilism so that's the
purpose you can't and I'll go fuck
yourself yeah yeah what's wrong with
milk again I got things you man okay
I'm busy Mel I don't wanna be playing
this all night
all right there you go this isn't I'm
gonna go I'm some kind of amazing
perfect run yeah
Jack ranked these kinds of tacos pork
chicken steak fish pork number one
chicken number two steak number three
faced him before pork tacos are the best
carne asada tacos the taco to rule them
all pork is one of the greatest meats
ever invented whoever was that first
that first person to just rip a chunk of
flesh out of a pig and throw it on a
fire that person is king did it you did
it man
pork was not invented pigs weren't
invented the idea to eat you know eat
pigs was invented we we had to figure
out we could eat him and you know cook
them in certain ways that was invented
does rich know there is a dead rising
movie starring Rob Riggle as Frank's
last cameo and I don't know that's more
joke Frank West than real Frank West's
okay and I tried watching it's not
crackle okay I've made for crackle
bizarrely I think and there was such a
comical amount of add that couldn't
finish watching it no it was all right
but it was literally every minute there
was a five-minute ad and just fuck this
one of those I got shit to do yeah I'm
with you
riggles Frank West is akin to Frank West
for Dead Rising for Maggie says stupid
things well look at all these stupid
things is saying rob riggle is the
comedian's oh my god I know
all right let's see here sighs Sperling
says it's pronounced Seiberling and i'm
not just the hair club president I'm
also a client
sighs Sperling not sister alone as we
constantly call them sighs you saying I
know Seiberling is house it felt CYS I'm
almost sure I would have said that right
yeah yeah then it's just me I'm sure I
was saying sister it's all fine okay
what's size for the Hair Club for Men
guy oh oh
I'm sighs you let me see Annie what's
what's the danger here if you can't be
termed being eaten the life like even
having a view even if you can't get
infected with the parasites you could
still be torn limb from limb generally
zombies you know don't play nice with
their food
does he say Annie are you okay oh my god
Amy are you okay that lion is probably
in her somewhere I'd right wasn't
looking out for it yeah it's gonna be
the first thing this is the first lamb
yeah Jack gets it and here you go
are you a friend or foe
I get it
came here to rat me out to that guy who
said he won't get a chance to see round
here we exterminate rats what different
team than the others I think for all
practical intents and purposes one was
made by Capcom two was firmed out to
some kind of Canadian dev team but it's
still led by kg and foon a okay and then
Capcom bought the Canadian dev team
renamed them kg and Finnick was not in
charge this and I don't know how many of
the actual sames people worked on this
that worked on - gotcha so the same name
mated but it could have been a
completely different team it could have
been the head guy was certainly
different blue castle studio then Capcom
bought them and called them Capcom
Vancouver those made by Capcom Vancouver
Vancouver that's where they shoot
everything yep that's where they make
all not oh not just taxes like taxes are
a big reason but also it's it's a good
you need mountains you need deserts you
need cities you need suburbs they have
fucking everything so generally speaking
any city you see in a movie you're about
80% likely to just see Vancouver and
like a whole industry has grown up there
just to meet every single needs for
their giant film productions that happen
in Vancouver now
yep
zombies zombie zombie zombie oh it's no
se all right P I don't know if you cover
stuff but she just died yeah that would
be the lead singer of the zombies not
the zombies The Cranberries the name of
the band you'll have to let it linger
but uh I don't know what her name is
that girl from the cranberry that girl
from the cranberries she died and she
didn't you just died recently very
recent yeah okay yeah like a month ago a
month were go Dolores Oh reader on rye
or Dan I'm gonna I'm butchering that
name
I'm not respecting the dead at all I'm
butchering their name
she's you know they look this and they
have some hits that water's mostly that
one had a bit more - yeah ed linger to
linger was an alright song zombie was
huge obviously zombies were thick that's
it bill was before zombies
so you know the songs just good photos
it was it was about like jump was about
like the Irish nationalist right zombies
right it was she was like the IRA yeah
yeah they were like an IRA punk band
talking about Irish nationalist rights
were they just coming out against the
violence zombie wasn't about the IRA
being cunts I think they were Pro IRA
you sure about that
ah why I want to say yes but no I'm not
sure about that I I had always assumed
they were wait what's the IRA that's
Terrace troop Gary is a terrorist group
yeah oh well then they're anti that I'm
sure I don't
I thought the IRA was the Irish
nationalist movement who also bombed
things
oh I get it now I get it now the IRA are
the bad guys okay
that's how little I know about what's
happening in Irish politics well fuck me
Oh
she's I'm not from it's not from Ireland
I'm not from anywhere in Europe I don't
know your national politics and I
apologize in advance I saw The
Cranberries sang a song once and it was
zombie and linger and that's all I know
about that and that she died recently
that's that's the extent of my
cranberries knowledge and I think I
remember seeing the letters IRA in the
music video once and so I guess I just
assumed you assumed yes and it happens
often
my car get blowed up No
did you do your thing that you were
supposed to do yeah listen didn't take
for some reason yeah yeah I did the
thing right you got it
let's see here Sean Sam Oh Noah says for
what it's worth rich this game is
entirely unrecognizable as a Dead Rising
game my love for you guys is the only
thing keeping me from dooming it up
tonight that and our very serious Irish
nationalist stuff that's what keeps
people coming back is our deep
understanding of other country's
political movements very sorry talk
about shit tonight
talk about it
what is happening
what is happening let's see what we got
here doctor lube it up to the nostril so
sluggish you haven't changed a
sensitivity yet i have the same mouse at
home and it feels great but in game
betting should all be the same well in
game have the cloud the settings are all
the same are they no are the settings
the same on the mouse here like there's
a mouse driver where you have to also
obtain these sensitivity no the zombies
didn't have guns they're rich is now
fighting the the soldier guys yeah the
army soldier guys have guns they're
zombies that shoot guns but their aim
that's just not existent they just have
the guns in their hand and that's cute
really like that yeah that's fun the
rigor mortis has set in so they can't
let go of the gun that's great they
still kind of understand what a gun is
but they don't quite get it sure sure
sure
let's see doctor little bit up says
