Episode 048
Surviving Metal Weapons (Part 1)
March 2, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmRyhP7HNso
___________________________________________

Accords man begin hello hello and
welcome to the stream it begins you know
what I'd like to start with tonight well
someone this will end real quick by the
way if we can't log into the server this
game's gonna have a very short shelf
life very short shelf life uh here's
what we'll start with with Metal Gear
survive did you notice that if you
wanted to start a new save you have to
pay in-game currency for a new safe yeah
no I didn't notice that because you have
your save file and if you wanted to
start a new save you have to use in-game
currency are you fucking buy a noose are
you fucking kidding I am NOT Wow just
wait what as soon as we're done logging
in to the server Wow yeah I'm fucking
furious yeah isn't that crazy oh yeah I
know I know man I know it's crazy as
soon as as soon as this loads because
obviously the online components of this
game is the important part so I'm really
glad that we're logging onto that server
there we go
you can't tell if rich is acting he is
not no I'm not that's that's insulting
mm-hmm that's that's fucking insulting
get a refund before it's too late now
we're doing we think we're doing this
for the next episode yeah where's it at
okay go so go to close connecting to the
server again now connect to that server
again because before we're connecting to
a different server okay so now go to the
other you know click that way see that's
a new game that you can start for 1000
SV coins you have 0 sv coins can you
earn them in-game you can yes but if you
don't earn them in-game or want to spend
them on something else in game you have
to spend $10 this is for a new save file
and it's not like you can like if you
want to like just recently you can start
from the beginning if you want and just
delete your current save file if you
want that is that is horseshit isn't
that the worst absolute horseshit apps
so lewd or shit isn't that crazy isn't
that just the craziest thing you've ever
heard of you might have some in-game
currency that you haven't I guess we're
not starting a new game then no I don't
I'm not that far but I don't want to
restart I want to see this from the
beginning how many how long are the
cutscenes we just timed the cutscenes I
get started a game I've been recording
so if you want to do that we've like I
have it all recorded uh-huh so like I
can just do that in post if you want no
no no I see it up nose I'm not going to
do it we're just gonna keep just
continue
not one person said yes not one person
cared enough to start this game from the
beginning because it's all like that
crazy boring story bullshit I thought I
thought Metal Gear fans were all about
the story but they're apparently they're
not Metal Gear fans they're Hideo Kojima
fans because now that he's not involved
yeah I know now that he's not involved
the bat shit story is really bad shit
and not under appreciated genius
something's different missing over
appreciated genius over hahaha that's
exactly what I wanted to say
activate the wormhole transporter
they forgot the weird shit as guys and
tanks in the desert no this one's all
weird shit and to be honest the weird
shit is what I hate about Metal Gear
let's see oh yeah you have a bunch of
shit in your supply boxes you have
in-game currency in your supply box yeah
that you can move over well if we're not
starting a new game then fuck it oh yeah
well just let me know
yes so ya go down to your supply box and
then you can bring everything over ya
got some you know stuff yeah Oh what is
then Metal Gear RAY head how do you get
that I just did you owned you downloaded
content how did you get that I don't
know what just have it I didn't get it
that oh I wonder if you you might have
pre purchased this Oh like did it I did
it right before it came out
you like pre-purchased it like an hour
before yeah I've got some bonus shit
yeah and I bought it after it came out
so I didn't get the bonus shit oh can
you just accept all this shit y-yeah
press the Xbox okay yeah something that
has become painfully clear to me is how
outrageously on elegant this game is
every menu menu specifically Oh Mike
well no I mean it bleeds into everything
but the menu specifically is a giant
clusterfuck of buttons I don't have
clean water that's why I'm throwing up
every now and then I had I had to drink
dirty water you can cure yourself if you
want oh my god what are you doing Oh
cheering myself oh okay oh wait that was
a mistake I probably should have drank
and more dirty water first and then
cured yourself but now what's here
what's your Thursday are you fine yeah
yeah so if you throw up do you lose you
lose that or you get hungrier ah you
know I didn't notice that I mean that
would be a neat touch I mean right pull
I got my gun you got a gun I crafted a
gun not really
oh well you do have to aim with it with
the joystick I could switch to the mouse
I did I know oh god no I tried starting
playing this with uh with key and mouse
yeah oh my god how horrible was that y1
navigating the menus again
well the menus just suck the menu suck
but no it's just like just the button
placement was all over the place it
wasn't it just was not as it was
definitely meant for a controller all
right I don't think this game is gonna
survive this dream
we'll see we will see look I've played
this I actually died so I'm a little bit
further back a little bit further back
that I was I kind of been enjoying it
but here's the thing here's my history
with Metal Gear I know this is a
different beast I don't mind the
gameplay for the Metal Gear series right
I like the stealth espionage Ash action
aspect
yeah the series I hate the fucking steel
Hideo Kojima's awful nauseating anime
crap story I can't fucking stand well
I'm with you whatever anybody's talking
I hate the games but the gameplay
I love the gameplay and battle gear fine
yeah love the gameplay everyone thought
it was the worst because the story was
shit
it was the only game of the series I can
stomach an hour at a time yeah
no III just i just got done to give
people an idea of how far i am i just
got done with the first dust section of
the game that's the that's the section
where you actually have to where you
also have to pay attention to your
oxygen levels and so you need to like oh
my god you just punched a goat oh my god
that's a way easier way to hunt them and
just punching a goat that's great I've
been sneaking up on them and go punch
that's awesome man you did it so I just
got done with my first dust section and
I've actually really enjoyed that
section yeah everything else about the
game like this this shit like
getting getting all your meat in water
and shit I hate that part but like the
death section was really neat I thought
really you know intense sneaky gameplay
the balance of you know do I kill this
enemy to get the power to get myself
more oxygen or do I take some hits I
really liked that and I was kind of
enjoying the game up until this upcoming
section here okay
which I I know there's gonna be a ton of
these little bits and I I don't like it
so you've played this once before and
died I played this once before and died
okay I didn't really die I got a game
over because I failed the mission Oh
which is always annoying when you don't
die but you you die anyway yeah yeah
yeah let's see here I found mage says I
see you're not playing Metal Gear Rising
enjoy your non platinum quality game JK
as being more serious may I consider
playing rising as contrast to survive
what a five-year-old spin off hurry up
I know risings supposed to be good maybe
we'll play it one day I like platinum
games but in my free time I'm all done
with dishonored one I've never played
this honored one because when I first
got it yeah my computer wasn't really up
to the task because years ago
okay and it is now I thought about the
other day you know what kind of play
decided I'm gonna I want to play the
first decided oh yeah that's that's my
next thing that's what you're playing
now yup nice what I'm not doing this
right yeah we got to do this for work
right you need some dirty water you got
plenty of dirty water I need something
to drink
right
you did it you did it rich on a happier
note on a positive note someone who I'm
hoping is in chat now sent us a board
game yeah recently and it's called
amazing
yeah we watched this last stream we did
yeah but you know we had just gotten
that board game
I have spent almost every day playing oh
yeah yes it's really great the kids love
it they get it immediately like my nine
and six year old just totally dig the
fuck out of it and it's a four player
game that you know you can play with two
or three players and so like the three
of us have been playing it the four of
us have been playing it and it is a
solid board game we've been really
enjoying it so it's amazing yes it's
really neat and it like the really neat
thing about it is it's really short
it's called amazing and it like the
basic idea is you get it's like a grid
of squares and it's you're trying to get
your piece to the other end of the other
corner of the grid that you start on and
so is everyone else and then there's
cars with little like Tetris pieces on
them and you can lay squares in the grid
that resemble the tetris pieces to try
to build a maze to make it harder for
the other piece to get to their
destination and so you're trying to
build a maze for other people while they
try to build a maze for you to block you
to go through the guys okay and it is
really neat and very intuitive
so whoever sent us mazing thank you I
really like it it's turn-based Tetris
kind of its kind of turn-based Tetris
you're hitting the fence stand him
through oh you've been using fences
fences are amazing offenses are amazing
I was you were hitting the fence not
stabbing him is what I was saying oh
yeah with the machete yeah
hey I hadn't tested that out yet that
was that was the big test yeah so I
failed this little mission here before
which was annoying it was very annoying
no I can try to poke him through two
fences I don't know that I'm gonna have
the range that's just your backup fence
that's a backup fence all right I like
it
that's great that's some cheese right
there that one that one base earlier in
the game the one we're gonna dress where
you learn the fence or the next base the
big base that had all of these guys all
over the place yeah yeah I fucked that
face up fences
oh yeah the fences are a great weekend
sneak
now you got something I got some nice
cheese going here you can aim for their
heads
nice nice Oh a rear
Oh
I've got very low on health
Oh garbage
he's very
ai is literally unable to navigate a
fence even out in the open oh yeah they
go right for the fence they're zombies
the fence is a gameplay thing I'm fine
with that
oh yeah but like if you're in an open
field and put a fence right in front of
you
they have like they're attracted to the
fence it's it's a gameplay thing I can
deal with this that wasn't that bad
find a go to punch see we're perfect to
legitimately review this game because I
I can't stand could you miss
storytelling I'm not gonna be upset that
Kojima wasn't involved right right it's
a very different take Metal Gear series
obviously because it's you know a
survival game you know once you get past
the twenty-seven cutscenes and the game
starts
are we talking Black Panthers still nope
I'm fine either way well what is it
second we're done with the second
weekend I'd say in chat you are free to
discuss Black Panther I don't give a
shit well I know you don't give a shit
I'm just trying to think of how we've
done it before um I suppose anyone who
really wanted to see it probably what
it's it's a movie about a fucking sea
great Marvel hero that nobody gave his
shit until two weeks ago talk about it I
don't care I'm just I'm sure I'm just
trying to give it the same consideration
we would give any other big movies is
all I'm trying to do so yeah go ahead
we are spoiler free zone I actually just
I saw it again today
cuz when I when I went to go see it last
week Lisa wasn't able to come with and
she wanted to see it so she's we had a
free afternoon again so I just
re-watched genders it was people it's
pretty good no I did not see anihilation
I wanted to see that with our free
afternoon I wanted to go see
annihilation which by the way I don't
think should be called annihilation I
don't think annihilation is a very good
name for me it's the Natalie Portman
going to the like the sci-fi bubble that
like an alien life turns like okay it's
been like like an alien thing crashed on
earth and it's been like terraforming a
part of Earth and so Natalie Portman and
a team of scientists have to go into the
bubble to like help figure out what's
happening and how to stop it
and they call in the trailer they call
the bubble the shimmer but the movies
called annihilation I was like oh I
think the shimmer is a better name what
do you like at first I thought you're
talking about the Mortal Kombat another
great reason not to call it annihilation
annihilation sounds like the name for
one of the Resident Evil movies yeah
exactly exactly so I like I just I
preferred the shimmer better but I I was
I was I would wanted to see anihilation
but we'll go we'll see that again
because that just came out this weekend
look at you playing the order 1886 look
at those chaps I needed the chops to
give him some kind of character
sure that's his character I went with
face paint myself I went with war paint
I made I made a furiosa they the black
war paint
it'll be on Netflix annihilations going
on Netflix Oh that'll be great
damage level and other factors percent
all right let's see here crispy fried
man says Jack rich there is a new
blood-borne comic book and it is awesome
check it out blood-borne comic book
thanks crispy-fried man and I'll check
it out stupid fucking robots rich I know
and you know for as much the helicopter
crash we should check for survivors
captain go not only rich is there like
so much dialogue they they they speak it
so ever slowly adding all sorts of
unnecessary perfunctory words
there was a new stuff from here what do
you got no I got a bone here all
survived whoa whoa oh that's nice whoa
survival boat anything that'll kill them
without making noise right cuz that's
why you don't want guns oh you have to
craft individual arrows as well no look
I don't like the look of that actually
that's a dumb-looking arrow I love it
not have what Thaler what are you doing
what's happening I don't want to unnie
unnie unnie quit my pole which is saving
my life oh by the way that that fence
pole that was some mad strats right
there that was some mad fence pole
straps you've not done the fence pole
thing I didn't even think about it I
just clean up because you don't even you
don't need to come so I just blocked him
off did the mission and ran away so it's
like you know you block them off with a
fence and then just do your shit because
they get their so attracted to the fence
but you hit them with you you do that
you could collect a bunch of you collect
a bunch of what it's what's it called
the ku bond energy bond energy bond yeah
I can't have the pole in the air oh can
I wait can you get rid of the machete or
the arrow needs to be on your back
shit
shit
shit what
I can't have both wait wait what about
what about the other option no go back
one menu what about those other options
what's lb over here secondary and you
can't get those in secondary no well
we'll try out the bowl no this is gonna
suck whatever spirit because the game is
so the menus suck so much menus are
awful you actually don't know when
you're equipping stuff uh yeah it's
really fucking terrible
all right
Ripley guy I've seen a couple video game
donkey videos I think he's funny who
have you ever seen a video game donkey
have any idea that he's a youtube
personality who makes gaming videos and
he's funny he makes funny videos I'm not
like I don't think I'm subscribed to his
channel or anything but every once in a
while I'll see a video is like pop up on
Reddit and watch him but I got I was
amusing he makes amusing stuff let's see
what we got here
the nope dr. Lu bit up says watched the
final part of last week's dead rising 3
stream this morning fuckin furiosa
didn't have a flamethrower robot arm
that George Miller is a hack the off
switch had just received my first
paycheck from my new job and ready to
spend it wisely well you've already
tipped us so you might know that's not
true
Ken rich say he can't wear a cape no
flying and he has to fight a giant
spider in the third act as Don Wilson
can't wear a cape no flying and he has
to fight a giant spider in the third act
he can't wear a cape no fly and he's
gotta fight a giant spider in the thorax
there'll be gang busters those
Millennials they like the spiders cuz
they grew up on that spider-man and
we're gonna show them that Superman's
better because he's gonna beat the shit
out of a spider
hey that's that's the famous Kevin Smith
Superman Returns story
yeah there's Superman reborn or whatever
was called for anyone who don't know
anonymous says Jack holy shit
annihilation you have to see it see this
fucking movie so if anyone told you
already but oh my god it's fucking great
it's by the guy who made ex machina and
IMO better than arrival I'm excited to
see it it looks really neat looks like a
nice like slow-paced interesting sci-fi
movie and and I like Natalie Portman in
general so I'm excited to see it if it's
coming to Netflix I might wait till it
comes to Neff like if it's coming to
Netflix next month why would I why would
I pay a ticket to see that in the
theater I'll just go wait us on Netflix
oh it's only on Netflix outside the USA
oh okay well then shit then I guess I'll
go to the theater
I guess that burn off us evil a bird
meat tastes like should I make it taste
like birdy
I reflexively made an you face when I
heard Natalie Portman ah she's good I
like that I like that Portman you can't
punch the coupon rule number one rich no
punching the coupons try
yeah black swans great
I fucking love Black Swan what are you
doing that you go yeah you're going
after that helicopter yeah you're going
after that helio copter pay attention to
your fluid intake damn two Vox do-rag
Oh a to fox to rag I don't know if you
uh I don't know if you were the one who
scents me amazing but it's just letting
us know that if you if then people who
like amazing can go to mazing game.com
and learn more about the game mazing
which is a very good board game
especially like you know I times it's
just me and the boys
and so like finding a good three player
game isn't always the easiest and this
is a really great three-player game so
yeah I'm really enjoying it nice short
game you can set up and play in 15
minutes set up play and put it back in
the box in 15 minutes so that's pretty
great it was killing the wanderer Oh
fire so amazing game.com maze as in like
ma z wait watch walking this when you
crouch you stannum oh wow that's stupid
yeah crouching is what makes you lose
stamina not just walking slow walking
makes you lose stamina not regular
walking yes stealth walking uses stamina
which is just great which is just great
it's just moving yeah
hey let's do some looting oh thanks beef
beefcake just linked to BoardGameGeek
amazing for anyone interested Thank You
beefcake future pre pres pres RB says
hey guys thanks for helping me get
through the flu no profits and bad flu
is going around rich will you be doing
another XCOM stream in the near future I
don't know if it's gonna be in the near
future but I'm sure it'll happen sooner
or later I'm sure everything old is new
again right no getting spotted by these
zombies does pose a real threat because
they can kill you they they have the
ability to kill you rather quickly if
there's if there's you know five or more
of them especially in the dust which is
where rich is now they're pretty easy to
sneak around and even though they make a
lot of noise when they die that's
apparently a silent kill even though
they go but they can be just punch him
while he's down never know what but
nothing sometimes hunch and while
they're down they can be difficult
they're also fairly easy to run away
from and they forget you're there within
20 seconds so but I've died from him
they've killed me
maybe once the first time when I don't
realize they did so much damage yeah I
just tried to slug it out as I go you
can't really do that yeah it was the
only time for sure
strengths and Morton know what I got
clean water oh oh
luxury yeah there there is like there's
a little incentive not to get spotted by
them and of course if you can sneak up
on them and stab in the back you get a
little more coupon energy you really you
really don't want to get into a
straight-up fight with a bunch of them
yeah yeah that will kill you rather fast
now give you all the information for
ever in the game so I guess it's times
like this I really miss Zelda breath of
the wild being able to climb in it yeah
that's that's gonna spoil a lot of
future games breath and well did it
right they did they did it right they
knew what was up man they knew what the
fuck was up
Anonymous is some Metal Gear game the
story is stupid it's it's why it takes
place right after Metal Gear Solid 5
because your big boss's base gets blown
up takes it up a takes place after the
prelude to Metal Gear Solid 5
oh also I don't think they can climb
anything but I might be proven wrong
exactly Madison Donovan there's a lot of
them and you don't have that many arrows
good idea
oh shit what where are they are they not
why aren't they at the oven
apparently they I guess that worked they
were being really nice to you they're
like well that's what let's set them up
on the door first before we attack him
why is it running the person on my
shoulder eating my standard walking
slowly well eat up my stamina but not oh
because it's important to the story that
you carried that person and so gameplay
doesn't matter when the story takes
precedent just hide her in there until
you get your shit built can I deal with
a balloon thing on you shit there's
already an in-game mechanic that that
lets us teleport enemies directly to our
base but it won't work for that you
can't teleport that lady because it's
story takes takes precedent over
gameplay in this in this universe
it's gonna be another protective base
yeah but I don't have them you don't
have your spear oh no no the fence man
the defense or throw some of your goop
let's distract them for 30 seconds
just need to keep them visit for 20
seconds
yes they are tart yeah they're targeting
the the machine but maybe if you threw
your goop they'd go for the goop your
bottle goop I don't know technically I
didn't die I think they blew up the
machine oh sure
Anonymous is saying anihilation is what
you get when John Carpenter and Metroid
Prime have a baby go see that shit I'm I
am I'm very excited to see that shit I
was voted out today I was voted out Lisa
wants to see it as well button now you
know my fucking soul
I'm so sorry anonymous says I don't
think anyone expects the death wish
remake to be good but do you think
current events will negatively impact
its opening next weekend I actually I
think it's marketing will effect that I
didn't even know it was opening next
weekend yes I do think current events
will negatively affect its performance
and so at this point I can only imagine
the studio's just trying to get it to
Netflix as fast as possible so try to
make some money back on it it's it's
like the same thing whenever whenever
there's like a big terrible event an SNL
had a sketch planned that was the big
terrible event like that's something to
do you know like if there's a big
airplane cut crash and they had an
airplane sketch like let's shout that
for this week - a little too soon
remember metal your solid 5 right when
you had the horse oh the horse I do
remember the horse the horse was great
the horse was great for getting around
fast yeah
I am I demand to know why Bruce Willis
isn't wearing a bad toupee yes that
would have elevated like like he did in
that um well what was his movie where he
everyone had a robot that they went into
did you see that one it actually it's
not bad
Bruce Willis's movie where everyone had
a like a life doll of themselves what
was a surrogates thank you Skippy Brown
the movie that he did called surrogates
where you could you could buy like the
best version of you and then control it
with your mind and so basically it
turned all of humanity into these people
who only lived through their surrogates
and everyone just like lived in a shitty
apartment it was like a slob in Li and
old but their surrogates looked really
nice it's yeah and it was really great
and he was a cop surrogate and a mystery
started popping up it's actually like a
decent sci-fi movie does not get the
praise that it deserves a little cheesy
but uh he uh his surrogate of course had
hair and so he had like a like a bad
toupee for the first 20 minutes of the
movie and it's really great it's just
weird to see Bruce Willis in the air
I ran a little circle and I completely
lost track of me I just ran a little
tiny circle you know what it's a
survival game there's a Mesa they don't
have eyes or ears so you know that's
true that is true I'd buy it if I found
it at the five dollar DVD bin yes it's
worth it like it's it's worth a watch
because it's fun
surrogates is at 38 percent on Rotten
Tomatoes is that true
it's I mean it's a little schlocky I'm
not gonna lie but I think it's a neat
premise headshots
monkey Fred says is this game really
just fence poking simulator yeah that
was a pretty mad strata I'm definitely
gonna steal that strap I bet that one
base that was just it was just a horde
after horde I took out the whole fucking
base just by poking him through the
fence widened use multiple fences
they'll break down the fence oh sure
sure but it's easy to build fences
40k funky tomb says hey guys hope you
are surviving the game started watch
that was me no that was me too man I'm
sorry I started watching Batman the
Animated Series because of your constant
praise it was more grinning about your
opinion of the rest of the DC Animated
universe worth a watch
I've enjoyed some of the Justice League
yeah I like this I like it all the
Superman that that Superman is what I
consider to be peak Superman honestly I
mean right
yeah Justice League is pretty fun yeah I
think it's all pretty good yeah go for
it you know like I don't think anything
I think Batman the Animated Series is
the top of that did you ever watch
Batman Beyond
I haven't chats mentioning it it's
supposed to be really good yeah yeah
I've seen a bit of it I've seen it at
least the first season and a half that's
Batman's answer to Spider Man bizarrely
enough yes yeah no it's not a bad
spider-man version new kid well you are
of course when I thought you were
Clinton an inanimate or an inanimate
corpse the new kid shows up and finds
like Batman's Tech and it's like
super-powered Batman in the future
Batman Beyond it's pretty good they had
a couple really good episodes like
they're there mr. freeze episode was
really good they had a they had a great
future Superman episode because of
course Superman is still around and
Superman then a lot of a lot of neat
episodes in Batman Beyond
but you know yeah like you said it's
spider-man not Batman
I wonder how a DCAU spider-man would
turn out well that wouldn't be DCAU but
that mean those people that Paul tinny
and what's-his-face yeah I don't think
that I as much as I love their Batman I
don't think they should do spider-man
they have a style man they have they
have a style
well I suppose did they also do Superman
yeah okay well maybe it could be fun I I
didn't mind 90s spider-man and before
its budget got completely annihilated I
even like the ultimate spider-man they
were doing some fun stuff and then then
they said bye-bye to their budget and
the animation took a wheel it damn it
shut up shut up I can't get in here
that's annoying I was gonna do the
wormhole first but I can't story takes
precedent over gameplay rich perhaps
your focus can't help you oh god
the blu-ray of batma Batman the Animated
Series comes out soon I think right it's
like the complete collection on blu-ray
with it with a bunch of bonuses and shit
already had a complete undie BD ah and I
don't I have like the first season on
DVD but a blu-ray of it all would
realize especially with all the bonuses
but yeah you know that's going back to
DC Animated universe their version of
Superman I think you said it barred from
a count of one comic version yeah where
he has both of his parents our lives
both of Superman's parents are alive so
they worked best and it's it's this
Superman that I love the most where it's
he's just good all the time and he wants
to help and he's just there to help
everyone and he's not brooding he's not
Batman he's the good guy
I loved their metropolis I think you
know it was this big white beautiful
bright tech city like everything was a
giant skyscraper and had like tech stuff
all over the place in contrast with
Gotham being the dark and black and and
and gargoyles everywhere and Batman this
is this is metropolis a shining beacon
of hope it's beautiful
that's the Lex I think space camo says
that's the Lex I think of when I think
of Lex Luthor absolutely absolutely
I trigger right trigger right trigger
yes I am flight we went through that at
the beginning there is in game currency
that you can earn you earn the currency
I think by doing like missions there are
missions that you have to do in that
case you in-game currency but you need
1000 in-game currency dollars to buy a
new save file or you can pay $10 for a
newspaper so um
slay the spire you were having a pretty
decent run we have to make it at least
an hour into this thank you maybe two we
got to give this two hours and then we
go to slay the spire
why would you need more than one
character someone is asking well what if
you what if it was a really good game
and you wanted to try a couple different
strats what if you wanted to make a new
character model what if you wanted to to
try a strength build and with one
character and a stealth build for
another character there's a lot of
different ways you could do it and more
importantly they give you the option to
have multiple save files so you want to
use the thing to give you the option to
use but then they say well you can use
them but we're going to charge you for
are we moving into paid to save now yes
that's exactly what they've done paid to
save pay to save yep
that's great disgusting it's disgusting
yes anonymous I see your I see your tip
about reddit and the reddit mods I I
have no control for what happens on
reddit neither neither do I because of
the thing you're talking about I don't
want to bring it up if you get my drift
I don't even know what they're talking
about exactly or Dominus says the video
game dunkey is an r LM fan he even used
a bit of a half in the bag episode in a
YouTube rewind video he did he also did
one movie review the shining fairly
recently that's definitely worth of
watching I'd like I said I'm I've seen a
few of his videos I think he's funny
he's a funny dude I hear some people in
the chat say say that he's from
Wisconsin
so what kept Midwesterners we got a good
sense of humor
video game Dundee donkey like if you
dunk a basketball I like video game
Dundee video I'm just an Australian
video game critic yeah Yahtzee missed
the boat man
well he's British though so it just
doesn't work he was living in Australia
for a while he was but uni I feel like
if you're going to be called video game
Dundee you need an Australian accent
okay that's fair that is fair yeah he's
alive he's alive span that trigger spam
that trigger
let's see here anonymous says I'm in the
army and we do a lot of things just like
modern first-person shooters we go
through tutorials basic training level
up over time and take cover behind stuff
I love doom because it's the opposite of
what I do at work
absolutely anonymous there's this you
know like not to just shit on all
realistic games but you know realism has
its place and fucking balls to the wall
fun has its place
doom VR helps me throw up of God doom BR
which did you ever play the Star Trek
Voyager Elite Force the first-person
Voyager game no why would I want to play
a Star Trek first-person shooter yeah
that seems very odd everything about
that isn't contradiction although I do
think we should play it Oh God oh Jesus
did you miss the thing yep oh they're
coming for me I don't even care
I'm gonna be honest I just don't care oh
my god are you done done already
knowledge junkie says you sounded pretty
hype about that board game yes mazing
it's a really it's really fun any chance
of the return of the board game stream
also any night news for tonight's battle
royale mode the nice variants of the pub
G model I've played a little bit of fort
night battle royale and you know it's
alright I think I actually might prefer
pub Gees thing for tonight had a lot of
fun in a - but board game stream yes
there needs to be more than me and rich
though because usually board games need
more than two people that's kind of a
problem for board game screams but the
next time riches sisters are in town
absolutely I'll bring all my board games
it'll be great
hey Jack early impressions is this game
good mostly no I am only about four five
hours in though yeah mostly no I think
that kind of where rich is now this has
some interesting and this has some
interesting gameplay mechanics that I
like the idea of I'm not sure that
they're implemented very well and
overall it's alright I think they're all
dead
overall it's kind of like this tedious
and annoying and constantly making a
whining sound that's my early
impressions review of Metal Gear survive
constant whining noises computer built
in the 1970s how the fuck would you know
anything like even though you have a
giant glowing meter on the person at all
times giving you hunger oxygen and first
levels your robot also reminds you
occasionally that you are hungry thirsty
or about to run out of oxygen
that's the best way they could think to
warn you is by having a come a computer
person tell you that you are hungry you
should eat something if you are hungry
also you groan like you've been
pleasured every time you eat or drink
anything um go young every single
fucking time
fuck off
so mostly I'd say it's not good there
are some good aspects to it and I'm
gonna get a decent amount of gameplay in
and rich and I are gonna do an episode
on this because I think there are
interesting things to talk about in the
game I mean most of the most bad things
but they're interesting bad at least
dr. Luba Deb says I recently re-watched
the 101 wacky kids joke with with kids
video it's an adorable video but I was
wondering and is Jackson afraid of rich
he covered his face at the moment rich
started talking now kids are just
naturally nervous like to be on camera
and we kind of like pushed him in there
and started shooting right away and we
really should have taken some time to
kind of warm them up first but I think
it turned out funny so it doesn't matter
I didn't land where I needed to so I
kind of have to alert all these guys
that's fine
I couldn't climb over the fucking van
really yeah I can't I can't in climb on
it now so weird design so you can't get
back up there oh God
yep
fuck you
just fucking
oh my god can you do that oh my God look
at this cheese fucking look at that
cheese that's great oh my god kill them
all take all their coupon energy we're
good to go
oh sure well they're coupon should make
up for that yeah how do you say very how
do you say very and friends so then we
can say very cheese fromage I know is
cheese tray tray from fromage how would
you say that in French chef is for
travel my very cheese you did it rich
all right how do i how do I get oxygen
press the white and I say okay let's see
every time you do it it takes more and
more down here Oh
go take the coupon before you leave
cheese and something being cheesy are
not the same words no but we're not
saying that this is cheesy to cheese
something in a video game
is to use an unintended method to
exploit something to it to excuse um
thing easily yes and so I'm sure the
developers did not want you to just
stand above the zombies poking them to
death I don't I don't know I don't know
why I'd ever want that fucking bow and
arrow this pole is the most overpowered
thing in the world who they got the
schnitzel a cheap strategy a strategy
that works possibly unintended ly well
so they in this in this case cheese is
an adjective to cheese something cheap
yeah that's a good synonym do you guys
really believe that this game was made
to be good I mean I would maybe it's
naive of me but I would like to think
that every game is made with the best
intentions everything you know you know
every oh my god why she I'm with dead
she's slowly dying oh oh she's in the
dust I suppose that's true so you spent
all that time gaining the coupon and now
she might die
you know so like I yeah naively I
probably think that every piece of art
is made with the best intention of being
you know something good and then you you
have to oh my god and then and then you
have to balance how much it may cost to
make that thing very good versus you
know that's what we call bullshit all
that work yeah I know all that yep all
that Maddy's goes to waste now yeah we
just then we're not a cheese it'll be
fine oh yeah
now you just like I said you have to
cheese before you pick up the lady cuz
she doesn't die until you start picking
she doesn't start dying until you pick
her up I'm gonna I'm gonna assume that's
true because this game is poorly
designed
play something else okay here's your
thing here's the thing I know why do you
hate sleigh the spire yeah it's this or
sleigh the spiral yeah left row Maj
Purdue The Lost cheese by the way I'm
beaten slay the spire with ironclad
three times three times three times
motherfucker
you goddamn honky bastard oh I can't get
a good run I had a good night's sleep
ha ha ha you know you know you know the
weirdest thing was what remember the
night when you would insist you haven't
got a beat it tonight yeah yeah we came
in here I went home that night that was
first time I beat it twice in a row
twice in a row I went home and played
slaves blaring twice in a row there
fucker
speaking of the slave aspire and beating
slave aspire and no sleep till slave
aspire uh-huh uh-huh we will not be
streaming on Wednesday heads up the
early heads-up no stream on Wednesday
and so either Tuesday maybe Thursday I
will do a no sleep till spire run in
which you know I'll do it from home I'll
start fairly late you know like probably
it'll probably start like 8:30 9:00 ish
maybe on Thursday and the the the
gimmick is I will either beat slay the
spire or fall asleep in my chair I will
beat slay this fire until I fall asleep
all right so I actually think I want to
kill all of these guys before I do the
wormhole thing this then they're all
gonna charge the wormhole at once or do
you think they respawn I'm betting they
respawn for the wormhole well I'd love
to find out okay and then I think this
is the best way to find out I I would
guess that every single one of them
respond as soon as you turn on the
wormhole so it won't really we are going
to find out but trying to kill everyone
in the area first okay I like it
we'll try and stop these guys
we'll do our cheese elsewhere oh no I'm
doing a Slayer sleep run Wilson we'll
just see how late we can go we'll just
see how late we go you know I'm just I'm
really hoping we beat what will be
actually like the worst situation is if
I beat it on the first run cuz then cuz
then it's like well I guess we're done
right but we'll find that strategy
yeah I'm guessing respond to there
there's a there's a mission early on
where you have to go collect data cores
and suddenly for no apparent reason a
whole swarm of them show up exactly
after you get a data core for each for
each della fromage faith dela for Mars
rich faith Oh Fadel a fadela for maj
means doing the cheese okay okay say de
la fromage hey de la fromage I like that
right right ho Jeeves says hey guys
which best of the worst video do you
think could make a good video game my
pics are exploding varmints I mean
that's kind of a no-brainer a morel
mushroom hunting RPG or hanging with leo
where you must find where you must
stealthily record Leonardo DiCaprio that
would be great
that's the perfect game right there yeah
stealth you know a stealth game where
you have to take videos of Leonardo
DiCaprio without him
headshot boom alright dude great rich
yeah we're we're actually you got a plan
this time
and I like it why do I keep wanting to
describe it in French just because I
know the French name for cheese is
fromage that's literally the only reason
and I'm going with it because sometimes
you just talk yes and
- did it perfectly yes a surviving edged
weapons game actually wouldn't that be
um what's this what's the new medieval
game whether it like it's really intense
era accurate sword fighting it wouldn't
that be surviving edge weapons
perhaps an update to like that Steven
Spielberg movie game where you have to
like make your movie what if it was like
a simulator where you had to make a
b-movie and your your your name your
draw your Cameron Mitchell of the
b-movie you have to keep him just drunk
enough to perform but not too drunk and
not sober because then it'll get angry
and so I was like keeping you know like
a like a simulator where you a
management sim where you have to keep
all of your actors happy with very
limited budget
speaking of Cameron Mitchell's y'all
hold it up before the camera somebody
sent us supposedly and I don't I don't
have any good reason to doubt it right
now autographed photo of Cameron
Mitchell from last of the Vikings
the the signature does resemble someone
who spent their entire later life
drowning themselves in alcohol that's
why I'm that's why I think it's probably
authentic some more research needs to be
done I think there's a like way you can
authenticate signatures yeah but it
looks pretty neat let's see here
Humberto Cabbage Patch says the second
half of tick season one was fantastic I
really enjoyed it despite it not really
being into the whole superhero thing
yeah it was alright it was a now the
whole season one is out of the tank yeah
by the way I wash it and it's it's okay
look Peter Serafinowicz is a fantastic
tick I can see that and they do some
very funny things with the tick and the
Arthur storyline it's not toy fect but
it's pretty darn good wait I think
there's clean water in the sink is very
water in the sink
shit but there's only one season of the
tick out but finally we got the second
half of the first season so if you're an
Amazon Prime member you can launch it on
Amazon Prime videos and watch the whole
season now and it is pretty darn good
all right which was the best tic
incarnation well it's it's clearly the
the cartoon how do I climb down this
ledge like I you did it once I know I
did
oh wait wait crawl close to it and I bet
there's going to be a button they're out
there isn't did you get on the other
side of that thing
nope Kent yeah you did it once
oh yeah there was okay I just walked off
all right so are we gonna we're gonna
try cheese in first and see if her hello
her health is going down already
actually and we're we're gone full
cheese okay yeah her health is going
down already though so you got a cheese
fast
does the second half get much better of
the ticket I mean it's it's about the
same it's it's good like overall it's
good it's not it's no cartoon tick which
is clearly the best tip but it's very
good
where is casual horse we should have a
casual horse emote
there is no American made in the tick
shell and there is no what how did you
do that okay there's no American made
and there's no there's no deflator Mouse
or Batman well depending on which
version you've seen that's not at least
not yet
right they have a they have a new I I
think they have a new their new take on
deflator mouse which is overkill there's
kind of making fun of the excessive
excessive violence heroes so they do
have they have a new version but
actually like unlike the cartoon they
like the there aren't a lot of heroes in
the world of the tick
oh yeah the day all the danger boat
stuff Admiral Ackbar is really really
funny
overkill has a talking boat don't don't
tell me I haven't seen the ticket oh
well spoiler what's my favorite quote in
the tick when the tick says our Arthur
asked to take like wait a minute tick
don't you want to help people and take
those I love helping people it's my
middle name is helping people the
helping people tick it's from the
cartoon the help I'm the I'm the helping
people tick I love that quote fuckin
love a tick that fell super flat I don't
care I he didn't ask what what the
funniest quote was he said what's my
favorite quote and it's the helping
people take okay
mr. Welch men says longtime listener
first-time Colin or read any good books
lately I recently listened to the
audiobook version of will save the
galaxy for food a book written by
Yahtzee crow shop and he narrates the
audiobook so you just get to listen to
Yahtzee talk for six hours and that's
great that's fucking great so I really
enjoyed that I thought it was a really
good story and again you know just
hearin Yahtzee
oh fuck off
yep
okk come on get your asses over here oh
they're stuck on a different thing rich
go poke him over there
they stuck on a different part of the
world
no no no geez
oh Jesus Christ
oh that was bullshit
your ladies gonna die Oh
what happened it's probably out of
oxygen or something this is a I want to
say it's a forty dollar game not a sixty
dollar game hmm someone is reminding us
that this stream started one hour and 21
minutes ago because yeah I think rich
might be making some plans slay this
fire it this is Rich's choice man Rich's
choice you get you tell me what you want
to do man huh you know I'm always down
for slay this fire I'm here you know I'm
here to support you and your decisions I
don't want to do either of these things
I want to quit the game so then you need
to restart from the last save and then
go quit the game
let me just update this dream real quick
spire I barely know or that's great
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo where do I go to
leave Tyra menu alright maybe it'll let
me leave from the title menu yes it's
it's one thousand premium currency to
quit the game I see you want to leave
the game in order to leave the game you
must press the exit button pressing the
exit button will let you leave the game
stream info successfully updated rich
what you're doing some business
