Episode 058
Fear the Old Fraud (part 2)
March 16, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyenqpdo3q8
___________________________________________

round two would just be a lot of
rehashing new best of the worst movies
tournament not with the old ones well
here's the thing once you get to round 2
of your tournament there are all movies
you've done before
go shoot him on a pole yes because you
keep shooting everything he's supposed
to usually pretty heavy attack I want to
shoot it things need to kill you need to
kill the hunter guys hey theoretically
isn't there a hard limit to the amount
of vhss you can review well
theoretically but we're never going to
get there there's a lot of bad movies
even if even assuming shit shit shit
fuck fuck
even assuming there is a new best of the
worst every like let's say every two
weeks yeah three new movies every two
weeks it would take us a decade just to
get through what is on our shelves
currently right three okay so a decade
okay every so if we're a new best of the
worst every two weeks three movies best
of the worst
what is that 25 26 3 is 60
that's only that's only 60 that's only
72 movies a year rich three a day three
and three an episode yeah three episodes
52 52 weeks of years that's 26
that I'm saying you know it'll take us a
decade to get through what we already
have and then people will send us more
and then more movies will be made and
Breen is still out there we've got some
hidden doubles so money you can't keep
track of this shit yeah this is a fair
amount of doubles in there but not that
many yeah we're good for a while we're
good for a fucking wild do you don't got
worried about nothing
Storm Templar says internet uncle's
Starcraft is having its 20th anniversary
any chance of playing Blizzard game to
honor them not really I got nothing
against Blizzard but Starcraft man I'm
not a real-time strategy guy or I'm not
a massively multiplayer guy which which
kind of leads me out of the blizzard
circle yes that you do like over 100 I
fucking love over actually that's what I
was playing today I was playing just
overwatch all day today
and you know what we can do more
overwatch live on stream win a but a hit
day but a get day comes comes on Diablo
2 I never liked the look of Diablo it
looked like just a lot of clicking on
things a lot of I think that's what it
is
that's what Diablo is just a lot of
clicking
get out even a new overwatch skin build
more pylons the twitcher formerly known
as son of Jana Jana and Gianna however
you pronounce that shit okay even though
that was the rest of that tip okay they
want to do something blizzard yeah in
honor of StarCraft a game I don't care
about its 20th anniversary right there's
a new hero that they're working on for
for overwatch that I'm really excited
about it's a heavy healer class yeah do
I know of any safe places yet and
apparently not I bought so I'm really
excited about that new overwatch
character and when she comes out well
suppose treated more overwatch just cuz
I play overwatch all the effing time
yeah no apparently not fine where am i
where am i and what am i doing rich
these are the questions I don't know oh
I'm about to go into the sewers watch
they Jessica Jones season 2 yet I didn't
even know it was out it is it just
kidding oh yeah I'm a few episodes in
and much like with season 1 it's taken
me a little bit to kind of get into get
into it because it's not so like Jessica
Jessica Jones season 1 is
super great as far as I'm concerned it
does this whole like Monster is metaphor
thing better than any of the Marvel
Netflix shows like the the way that it
ties together its metaphor with the
action I think is better than any of the
other Netflix shows but the season one
got really lucky if you had David
Tennant and had an amazing villain
mm-hm Dawid Tennant yeah as the purple
man and it was able to turn its major
theme of someone who's been through
trauma I'm just dealing with like how
would people deal with trauma into kind
of a nice revenge story and so there was
that like visceral element to season one
this won't be any spoilers no spoilers
but season the theme that they're going
for for season two is dealing with
depression and addiction okay and so
there's not that visceral element that
we get with the revenge story of season
one it's kind of a downer but it's still
very good scene in the comic alias yeah
that Jessica Jones is based off of yeah
yeah once they did the purple man story
the story was done the comic just ended
yeah yeah I told my sorry we're done I I
could absolutely see that oh wait
there's something up there I'm
remembering this area now but uh so yeah
it's very good they're they're dealing
with some good they're dealing with some
with some fun and a heady shit but but
there's nothing there's nothing super
visceral about it this time
like there was with season one
far far mirrors is Jack yeah months ago
I started playing binding of issac
because you recommended it yeah today I
completed the full game nice but I lost
my job my wife okay and my house in the
process what should I play now
excellent question
you've how do you feel about ruining
somebody's in life they make their own
decisions I'm just you know I'm just
over here I think there's been a lot of
people that have been able to I think
there's a lot of people that have been
able to play that game and not lose all
of their worldly possessions so that's
on them
oh shit oh shit oh shit no no in that
batsman you're fine
wait where's the guy with the gun see
right behind you getting ready to shoot
no I think he's over there I think I'm
able to deal with this guy
yes very slowly very slowly hope there
is someone enter the gungeon jack how do
you feel about enter the gungeon as a
follow-up to binding of issac I think no
enter the gungeon has its own positive
elements but it is by no means and Isaac
replacement okay and if you're looking
for just something that's like intense
though there's things that do enter the
gungeon better than enter the gungeon
does if you're looking for just intense
twin-stick do nuclear throne that's hard
is the fucking balls twin stick shooter
roguelike and to the gungeon has its
problems it has its limitations it
doesn't have the cool weapon synergies
that Isaac has that's that's my problem
with it that's the real thing it's not
it's you're not it's not going to be an
Isaac replacement
shit shit that guy got lucky
I got very lucky there yeah he whiffed
yeah okay all right where is rich versus
Jack and visit again heroes we've done
that yeah we've plated visit gun heroes
that was fun in visiting heroes I'm
still trying to put I want to I want to
petition that on the switch in visit gun
heroes would be a perfect switch game
why because the switch is a built in
multiplayer machine ok and in visit gun
heroes is a one screen multiplayer game
isn't that everything what everything is
built in multiplayer machines these days
but the switch is something you can take
on the go have one copy of the game in
two controllers built in you're crazy
man okay can you do local co-op with one
person using a TV and the other person
holding a switch when they can do that
well I'll be interested wait wait like
one person using the switch screen and
the other person using a TV for a
multiplayer game on the switch is that a
thing that can happen probably not
because you need the HDMI in this way
what the fuck does it matter because the
switch has two controllers built into it
for multiplayer but you still need a no
switch so no you don't you could have
one switch and two controllers to play
and visit again heroes oh okay I guess
for that yeah because that's one screen
that's one series what I'm saying you're
right you're right
Jack you were absolutely right thank you
point Jack but oh I got a point
oh my god I'd like to thank so many
people you know you never think you're
gonna be in this situation you know my
wife Lisa she's been with me since the
beginning thank you rich Evans you know
for honing me and always making me doubt
myself rich is dumb sometimes yeah I
think we're all dumb sometimes but you
can you can you can really enhance me
for being dumb this time you can you can
do that
here's here's the thing with the switch
this way
Nintendo makes good games typically yes
I look forward to those games okay I
don't give much of a shit about the
hardware it's on itself though like if
Nintendo wanted to make their software
for whatever I would be just as fine
with that okay yeah yeah and by the way
I agree with that okay I agree with that
though that being said I enjoy I enjoy
that Nintendo is still in there to mix
things up yeah the fact that you know
the we came out and they said that we
we're gonna fuck up but what you think
of you know are our controls even though
motion controls ended up being a bad
idea in the long run they still like to
poke the bear and I dig that I mean I
know it's portable yeah but there's
nothing there's nothing about the switch
itself that I find exciting that you
person writes per source yeah
and I understand that I I love the idea
and you know again our situations are
very different but like for me if I
gotta go somewhere with my kids
okay I know I can bring the switch with
Mario Kart in it it has the 2
controllers built-in they can be then
both of them play a game together
without me having to worry about it
that's to me that's that's worth its
weight in gold
alright somebody in the chat has a point
okay nobody but Nintendo would do
something like lab oh that's right
because it's a stupid idea
unnecessary $60 cardboard yeah right
it's fucking nuts man it's nuts
it's great I guess that's it in this
area no I think it's great man they're
they're getting out there is there no I
want to go down there cuz I think I
dropped some weapons so just go down
there it's gonna so on you know it yeah
because in dome has their name on it
that doesn't change the fact that it's a
stupid idea can you imagine if Xbox did
Lemmo
what the reaction would be if the Xbox
did lab oh fuck sister should yeah I
wonder I wonder I think the I think Xbox
fans would you say so uh so what are the
microtransactions
in this Nintendo has mastered novelties
that you spend a lot of money on and
then just forget about and they collect
dust after you play them once oh yeah oh
yeah oh the sauce beer look at this
thing
I think this was my this is my go-to
weapon in all other run-throughs the
sauce beer badass man
Xbox cardboard would somehow overeat
okay can you imagine the stories were
like the Xbox controller would overheat
the cardboard and people's Xbox lab bows
would be catching on fire can you
imagine these wonderful stories done
because of Xbox lab oh
is this their first problem this is
Jack's first run and like how many how
many years I mean when did the DLC
camera come out when day down yeah yeah
when did the old hunter I don't even
know what the DLC is calling this is my
first run in years this is my first time
playing blood-borne since the DLC came
out oh there's a ladder does that get me
back to where I need to go the red ring
just comes printed on the xbox live oh
it's just printed right on there shit
shit shit
was that
you can't into my shit
it's that fuckin gun
dr. Luber dub says bad movies come on
VHS DVD and blu-ray we're bad movies
ever a thing on Betamax or laserdisc oh
yeah
bad movies like deliberately bad like
releasing bad movies deliberately like
you get a blu-ray release of a bad movie
from 1980 it's like that the equivalent
of that on Betamax I don't think so wait
I don't understand the question then I'm
sorry bad movies come on VHS DVD and
blu-ray were bad movies everything on
Betamax or laserdisc how about a beta
bad in this episode lol thank Almighty I
don't think they're saying like a
purposeful but I think they mean like
you know did canon release on they said
they said blu-ray I just assumed it
meant deliberately releasing something
that was bad in a better format oh yeah
that's what I assumed they meant was
just less movies in general I would on
Betamax so there might not be for that
reason right and oh fuck and I think you
know the reason that VHS eventually won
out is because they were cheaper right
they were just cheaper to produce
you know what I was gonna say was length
but that was that was laser just issue
that's most things on laserdisc had to
come in like three or four parts
what am I fit still one of my favorite
like laserdisc memories like like I
never had a laser display yeah but I'm a
huge you know laser disc did you watch
it
I remember watching like The Wizard of
Oz on it and then halfway through you
have to flip over the laser disc this
might have been a fancy two-sided player
oh there uh if I don't know if it's
still this way but you know I'm a big
Kevin Smith fan especially his early
films and his commentary track for
Mallrats he made the commentary track
for the laserdisc version yeah and so
like he spends most of the commentary
actually shitting on DVDs he's like
laser discs are what the format of the
future DVDs suck are you kidding I am
not kidding at all in so much so before
you listen to the commentary there's
actually a little disclaimer beforehand
yeah of him going actually
by the way DVD is obviously the superior
format it one out which we did this
before you know we knew who was gonna
win laserdisc er DVD why wouldn't you
know who was gonna win laserdisc doesn't
care it just talks it's the great so
like if you listen to the Mallrats
commentary track it's like just names
shitting on DVDs gone like laserdisc is
clearly the superior format this is so
fucking weird is the best is this it's
honestly just so much fun and that is my
only memory of laserdisc okay
want to get this other weapon or
whatever this thing is over here Jack
that is the best description of Kevin
Smith I've ever heard he doesn't care he
just talks yep
Kevin Smith has is the precursor to a
lot of what we consider modern media
Kevin Smith had a heart attack that's
true that doesn't erase any faults he's
had right I'm not gonna suddenly like
cop out
just because g-man had a heart attack I
have said work cop-out was fine oh you
know I look I think it's
underappreciated fuck off I I have said
multiple times that like Kevin Smith is
an incredibly important figure in modern
filmmaking for me personally without
Kevin Smith I would not have the career
that I have right now he's the one that
that inspired me to make dumb videos cuz
if he could do it fucking anyone could
oh oh you could just go together what
you hang out with your friends and make
a movie I want to do that he was doing
podcasts but before podcasts were a
thing he was you know doing TED Talks
before TED talks were a thing
it was very nearly Silent Bob for good
that that joke only works if he has
larynx cancer yeah
like Silent Bob isn't dead
best weapon in the game best weapon in
the game
Kevin Smith is weirdly religious so is
every Scientologist yeah yeah I mean all
of these things are true I don't think
it's more yes I don't think it's all
right when it comes to Hollywood
personality isn't religion Kevin Smith
is not anywhere near the weirdest right
fucking right oh these guys I know these
guys I remember all of this so all I'll
come in it's all coming back to me now
wait is that a thing is that a thing mr.
thing no no no no no no no I'm not
saying Kevin Smith is a Scientologist
I'm saying being a Catholic really isn't
that weird you know in a world where
there are Scientologists right that's
what I'm saying and as far as Catholics
I know he's a Catholic as far as
Catholics go I'm pretty sure he's pretty
lacs why he's not he's not like
preaching on Sundays or nothing I'm
saying Catholicism may got ain't got
nothing on Tom Cruise right right
fucking right ain't got nothing on you
need to take a 500-dollar personality
test I'm I'm a believer in a religion
that was quite clearly a fraud invented
by a science fiction author really just
takes the cake doesn't it a failed
science fiction I believe in this
obvious fraud some people are sad man
they just they just want something to
believe in I get it
they just keep wanting money saya telah
I don't get Scientologists like like a
lot of religions they get their
grandfather yeah like people didn't know
anybody when they invented this shit yes
right by the way that's like with with
Christianity those lads been around
since forever but like Scientology you
were there when it was invented
Scientology up Mormonism right we have
records we we know Joseph Smith was a
con man he was in jail for it that's
great
what's over here were you there when he
made up your religion I don't have one
well that's the point is no we weren't
around 2,000 years ago
that was the hope original point of the
rant is like to that you know something
has been around for 2,000 years ago all
right
been around for a while my dad that
might lend it some credence so will
Scientology be more legit in 2,000 years
um
theoretically it'll it'll have yeah the
origins might be obscured enough there's
got that illusion of legitimacy
absolutely theoretically absolutely
though we do have the record showing
that the founder wrote science fiction I
don't know that that will go away
there's like there's also a difference
like now nowadays are you know one with
Scientology established in the 70s or
60s 50 so like in the 50s a lot more
people were literate so they were like
writing things down everyone was writing
things down but back in in Jesus's times
not everyone could read or write and so
very few people were actually writing
shit down em and so what's true what
we're seeing now is like different the
the an event from several different
perspectives which gives us more
information the image of Tom Cruise will
be hanging around people's necks and on
the walls of their homes oh my god
you're right oh my god you're right
Jesus Christ you're right but let us now
read from the book of homes our Saint
Katie no no she's the she loved she was
right she's like the Satan she's the
Mary Magdalene of the story
she's the betrayer who at the end times
Tom Cruise will have to fight Katie
Holmes katie is the fallen angel yes now
she's the whore in temptress who tried
and failed to corrupt Saint Saint Cruz
sent by Xenu Katie Holmes was sent by
Xenu yes you corrupt st. Holmes or Saint
Cruz preach it just preach it sure is
rich sure is
nonnamous says saying that rlm seems
pretty heavily focused towards comedy
humor would you ever consider making a
dramatic serious film or project as a
group I mean oh I know I know Mike can
shave made a horror film in the past
that's true the recovered it's probably
still available on their website red
letter media calm and now we're reading
from The Last Samurai
good times
John Travolta the Baptist yeah yeah
that's that's nice that works John
Travolta them John Travolta the Baptist
yes yeah oh it's great I'm with it and I
think it's great opened up some gates
they over there yeah I think it was over
there
all right we're doing pretty good you're
still not wearing clothes yes still
Network are you ever going to put
clothes on ah you know I might find some
better pants I don't like these like
look at these like do lead eggs did you
find the hunters outfit that's down
there someone I actually don't know if I
found that yet I don't like these do
lead eggs hanging around my legs so I
might find some different pants but I
I'm enjoying my shirtless hunter turn
around yeah you can meet him anywhere
what you wife you want to stay shirtless
whatever but I mean on the other side
like facing the camera up up there
there's uh I'm not up there
no I was just it's right up there yeah
that glowing thing right there is the
hunters outfit okay whoa yeah if I
remember how to get oh yeah cuz that
that comes from if I drop down from down
around somewhere from around the bridge
thing go down yeah yeah I remember okay
yeah let's go let's go that way let's
clear out all these areas if you like
the no shirt I'm not trying to compete
oh no matter what I'm gonna be shirtless
oh come on better be pants yeah I don't
look at these straps they're annoying
look at him suspenders yeah a suspenders
that he's not wearing if he was wearing
the suspenders like properly then I'd
keep these pants forever well look at
the size of the suspenders there's no
way those would fit comfortably over his
shoulders doesn't beat doesn't flop
right well you'd have to tighten them
obviously I'm not an idiot
did I kill these guys already
MC Lucca says yes I'm sorry I'm C Lucas
go ahead
MC Lucas says it's ironic that
Scientology is what made me an atheist
realizing that if people could fall for
that dumb shit now then what was
stopping them from falling for it 2000
years ago thank South Park literacy
literally that's all that was stopping
people is oftentimes you know back in
the day oftentimes the only people who
could read or write were the priests the
people who needed your money the people
who needed your money and they had a
whole book dedicated to why they needed
your money
dogs hate these dogs I love this
warfarin I hate these dogs I love this
weapon okay
we're doing great there's something down
this well they kept that shit Latin just
to fuck with people even more yeah yeah
these are the truths we should be we
should be so well then you can't read it
or even really have it recited to you
and understand what it's saying right so
you had these people just making shit up
we should be so grateful for all the
shit we know she's them I wouldn't yeah
I got a lot of sewer to go I got a lot
of sewer to go still yeah that's the
area remember I'm a member at all Jack
raise your strength and use Kirk hammer
it's awesome
that's what I'm doing right now actually
I'm I'm farming blood echoes so I can
raise my strength but I need like 16
strength to use the Kirk hammer and I'm
only at 12 so strength I have a ways to
go
throw whole TVs to say guys I'm
relaunching all the best of the worst
episodes and wonder if there's ever been
a best slash wheel the worst episode you
were a part of that you thought would be
terrible unwatchable almost a lot of
them almost every single one at one of
the best the best I sometimes you know
they're crap but frequently frequently
there you know you know you know you've
got gold like the last one well I know
we've got gold bod and we can't talk
about it too much we all tuile episodes
yeah there's been a lot of times we did
a wheel episode I thought yeah there's
nothin there yeah so yeah sometimes I'll
come I'll come back from a filming I'll
come back home after filming and just
and just feel really down I guess I
guess you're right that there are there
are a few occasions where oh you dick
there are a few occasions where I'll
feel pretty good about an episode
clip-clop watch out for those rats down
there well I remember I remember the
rats and I think it just fell down there
but no that's fine
let's try that again do that again
there we go
Jack is kind of good at this game not
feeling the rust ah Jack shaking it off
yeah no I knew it would come back
eventually if you were here for the
beginning of the stream you might have
noticed that was little yeah yeah yeah
some troubles at first but no there's no
way we get to the DLC tonight I
understand that we're not even at that
were close to him father gascoigne which
is a terrible name father gascoigne shit
shit shit
rats be careful fuck
fuck it's nice that you healed just in
time to lose that exact same amount of
holes fight that's fine I just right
around the corner there's another one of
the big guys oh did it kill there's
another one around the corner listen I
killed one of them I'm gonna be I think
that was the one that came down after
you it's not good come here rat I'm
pretty sure there's one down here that
yeah yeah yeah you're right near right
there's another one there's another one
right around the corner but listen I
killed the one that was after me and I
didn't think I killed him which is
literacy strikes again but multiple
people have told me that his name is
pronounced Gascoigne it's something like
that yeah what else would you pronounce
it guess Quan father curse Quan so many
rats so many rats hi
nope
this might like that move right there
the swing and an open upswing
oh my god I've never really used their
weapon oh my god like that right there's
like the quick swing and then the wide
open one and like look at this like the
superpower stab that I went through the
whole game with this weapon I fucking
love it but we're good and we're gonna
Kirk hammer just to do something a
little different this time if I can even
get to the Kirk Hammet tonight all the
time is it 8:30 oh we got well we got
plenty of time to go to the Kirk piano
you started on time today we're good
everything's good did I oh no I fell
down that's right that's right like some
kind of dickhead yeah there's a guy like
the ride was he on that side oh look at
him yeah look at him yeah Oh II think
he's gonna scare me I hope come on
and you're gonna follow the bitch
because he have to Harry that's right
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo okay you make it way
down there watch out for the mutants
yeah open up the shortcut all right
let's see what uh what these pants look
like well obviously they're not covered
in blood oh yeah we got rid of the we
got rid of the suspenders those are nice
that's nice oh we could put you know put
some gloves on
those are nice gloves and yeah maybe a
hat but you know what these are very
fanciful gloves I enjoy the gloves great
sure shirtless suspenders were very
hardcore no this is this is better these
pants are way better I had oh oh there's
a thing up there I really didn't like
the suspenders they were flopping around
all over the place
gotta get the top hat after gascoigne oh
yeah maybe a top hat would make this
outfit really sing but I love Father
Gascoigne's hat oh yeah yeah that's my
main state I don't care that it's not
that effective yeah I like that hat
that's a hey that sometimes it's all it
matters you see if it looks good for you
this guy what's this cold-blood bowler
hat is more appropriate that would go
well with the shirtless yeah we'll see
if we can find that their bowler
happiness I assume how do I get down
from here and not die instantly I think
Jack I already talked to the crow lady
above the rat warehouse did you talk to
her enough to get the thing to do the
things later to do there's a whole story
with her is there I talked to her once
do I have to talk to her again she gives
you like a thing and then you talk to
her again I think she gives you another
thing and then she'll show up later if
you do that
well if I go down here I can get to her
faster but I'll go talk to her again let
me just see how I can not I think you
have to do
before you do the father gascoigne part
I think she goes away after that well
I'm not don't quote me on that I'm not
sure oh here we go
here's it board I can jump on nope yeah
it eventually unlocks probably the
hardest fight in the game oh okay that
almost killed me
you always have to exhaust NPC dialogue
what is my favorite animated roadie film
that's an odd question but believe it or
not I have an answer the secret of NIMH
oh really yeah
secret of NIMH that's hardcore man yeah
it's crawling after me go go secret of
NIMH - is better I can only assume
that's a joke
that sounds exactly like a joke the
secret him to Timmy to the rescue is
that a real thing yeah straight-to-video
sequel I didn't even know that was real
came out came out well it came out like
two decades after the movie did it came
out like 98 Timmy to the rescue that
sounds like a fake movie NIM is
wonderfully dark Oh
I mean it's darkly dark I can't imagine
a sequel called Timmy comes to the
rescue as his dark that's why I thought
it was a joke you know they made it have
I been here before
yeah I've been down this Timmy comes to
the rescue
and now NIMH is name is like borderline
like inappropriate for oh yeah scary but
fascinating to me when I was a kid oh
sure yeah absolutely
fucking all fucking creepy asshole and
his head goes upside like it doesn't
just turn around it goes like fucking
upside down and shit oh god
and then that poor farmer is just like
it's time to cook the grass but it's
it's murder
it's murder for everyone when he cuts
the fucking grass people doing horrible
experiments and rats that make them
super intelligent right right fucking
cat that's literally trying to devour
our protagonist it can't already got her
husband it's beautiful it's beautiful
yeah
National Institute of Mental Health yeah
I was based on real things yeah oh I got
the shake off Cape thing look it up they
did some kind of horrific rat behavioral
experiments that that made some of the
rats kind of homicidal and horrible yeah
but unlike the movie chemicals were not
involved my fan of Fritz the Cat I've
never seen it I don't want to see a sexy
animated cat movie that's just not the
thing I yeah
so did I have I exhausted all dialogue
with her now she gave me the shake off
Cape thing so I'm good
I think Chuck just talk to her one more
time so she starts repeating yeah okay
that's yes she's repeating and then she
will she will show up later somewhere
else hidden you might have to look up
where she shows up okay but she shows up
later in a hidden spot talked were there
and then that unlocks a thing and you
get a kind of a neat a hunter fight out
of it and then one more thing happens
and it's the hardest fight in the game
okay I almost died
I was died right there because I missed
a landing god damn this game but look at
that rat corpse like glitching through
boxes you see a head no yeah that's
great it's fine
that's great this game's great where are
we what are we doing we are going this
way where are we and what are we doing
we have a decent number of blood echoes
nope okay missed that ladder yes the the
the real-life NIM experience permits
look at the mouse utopia experiments the
rat utopia
something utopia experiments rat or
mouse whatever horrifying they are it
actually is
they wanted to study well the the intent
was to equate this to human overcrowding
but living in large cities okay so they
deliberately put rats in a situation
where they would be overcrowded well
good
that sounds great that sounds like great
time for everyone involved is it mice or
rats I honestly I don't remember
I think it's rats though
ah
dang you
that's the mouse utopia Explorer okay
Mouse utopia experiments this just
sounds like the most not fun thing to
read about ever
boki b85 says hey wreckers hi mokey
that's Chevy 85 I'm not sure of you to
like city builder Sims maybe Karen would
like the game surviving Mars coming soon
it's like planet coaster but you build a
fully functioning Mars colony let's need
that might be it's not my go-to genre
but Ivan
I've enjoyed some Sin City in the
SimCity in the past enjoyed Sin City too
but that's a different beast ah
Mythbusters did an experiment where they
tried keeping mice live on cardboard
from cereal boxes I love you guys
scrolling safe too much stuff after
about a week the one Mouse ate the other
to where all that was left was bone
they never aired that on TV I didn't see
that yeah I wonder why
oh yeah I know where I is I know I never
did get around to playing city skylines
believe I own it though City skylines
radical Trevor 37 says jack-jack yeah
okay slice them up good show him you're
the ones who tripped into the wrong hood
fear the old fraud transcend the hunt
you hack Gascoigne's ask better get
whooped by you jack and then they they
drew a little dick squirting semen emoji
how how creative of you congratulations
all you people in here are you still
grinding before the gas going fight I'm
almost to the gas going fight uh yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna trade in cuz I just
unlocked the shortcut before yeah oh I
did okay i unlock the elevator shortcut
so now I'm gonna start I'm gonna trade
in what I gots and see if I can get a
upgrade my strength enough to get that
Kirk hammer we'll see so I watched the
first Mad Max for the first time tonight
I'm 35 should I be ashamed and also
should I play the mad mad game games
it's $20 on Steam oh you shouldn't be
ashamed or there's so many movies I'm
not that big on the first Mad Max movie
I think road warrior and then fury road
is where it's at sure sure I mean it's
it's fun to kind of watch them all to
see how these have evolved yeah but Road
Warriors fucking awesome oh yeah
yeah what you know of as Mad Max really
has his fortunes in the road warrior
right yeah it started off as like it's
there enough so like delightfully
generic post-apocalyptic it doesn't even
start off that apocalyptic right and
things are just falling apart they're
not they're not gone yet it's not
terrible no no it's really not what I
need okay so I still need two more
strength we're doing all right
maybe out maybe I'll have to be gas
going with my with my saw blade though
make sure read any regular Batman comics
from the 70s or 80s I'm not really at at
that time I wasn't super into comics I
didn't really started getting into
comics ironically until the 90s when
they started turning your shit shoot
well that's when you're the right age
but is when you when you you don't
really start reading comics until you're
like you know preteen teen at least in
my experience though the one I did start
reading comics in the 90s my favorites
were the 80s back issues of spider-man
yeah sure sure sure but I haven't read
much Batman from that era I am sorry
this isn't where I wanted to go Roger
stern and then Tom DeFalco runs on
amazing spider-man fucking love
I started reading comics when I was in
fourth grade well I didn't get into him
till I was a teenager like they were
round like a bunch of my friends had him
like an x-men comics but like you know
just like an issue here they're like no
one no one like read them they're like I
I here's a comic book like one comic
book everyone had one he's just like one
comic book hanging around but you know
then you're a teenager and you actually
like you know you get a job and you
actually have like money to spend
yeah that's when you start I got to know
maybe a year or two before image was a
thing okay okay come on trolls
well you got hey troll now read the old
weed did Co run on spider-man I loved it
the old lead did Co run oh yeah those
wasn't easy to get a hold of when I when
I was a shy nerdy 15 year old white boy
who felt like the world was out to get
him those those those old did Co lis
issues really spoke to me oh god yeah ya
know and you know they have those like
giant collection like the the essential
spider-man collection like they're just
a fat ass book that's like three years
worth of comics and one it's great
oh ho EP I have not read saga since
they've been released as volumes caring
house yeah the image comics are really
good or were in the early 90s someone
has some roast tinted glasses or didn't
actually read early 90s Image Comics
look image nearly destroyed comics with
the exception of the Savage Dragon which
I've heard is bad now but back then
Savage Dragon was the ship and
everything else image produced was just
thrown together crap just some artists
who knew they were popular then they
were trying to cash in and that's fine
but they nearly destroyed comic books
I'm not lying and we're exaggerating
they nearly destroyed comics as an art
form just just just a group of five
really dedicated people we're trying to
make some money yeah
oh yes Pig I can go get that pig now and
go poke a pig in the butt
what works was okay max as well yeah but
the problem was Rob Liefeld and and todd
mcfarlane
and maybe to a lesser extent uh jim lien
especially Rob Liefeld who just fucking
print whatever he would fucking print
whatever and there would be images and
the story was who gives you shit you've
you've by the way and kept perfectly
encapsulated Rob Liefeld yeah yeah draw
whatever print whatever story who gives
a shit and Todd McFarlane was all like I
have people like my pictures I'm gonna
print some money yep
I'm just gonna print some money wait
didn't that pig have a thing in his
belly tonight wasn't I supposed to it
wasn't that the pig that had like the
amulet and his whatever
maybe I didn't trigger that like like
out of out of that early image group
Eric Larsen the least famous of them was
the only one who actually wanted to make
comic books yeah oh they're ever it like
like Liefeld and MacFarlane were just
money money money yeah yeah all the
money I can money what what is good what
can I turn into a toy that I can then
sell that was those time McFarland's
business model yes what can I turn into
a toy hmm a inarticulate toy that's
gonna fall apart if you actually try and
move the pieces but it looks really good
in the box and that's all that matters
and so we're gonna charge twenty bucks
for the toy that's crapoly made but
well-sculpted built cuz like everything
he did it was pretty in shallow hey what
is making this Bond movie now so we got
that to look forward to Todd McFarlane's
spawn movie who's excited about that and
I I hate Todd McFarlane I do I
understand why he did what he did what I
hate him
Spahn acids had to design not a
character yeah where's the tragedy with
spawn in the the the initial concept
there's something there deal with the
devil wife does no he is anymore
and then just don't do anything with it
because you just draw the pretty images
mmm
yeah I mean but you know like like
anything like he a talented writer could
make something that's fun but I I can
pretend we're like the crow know the
crow
I need to rewatch the crow I never
understood spawn you all you need to
understand if you want to understand
spawn all you need to understand is that
todd mcfarlane at the time was super
hype and spawn was made by todd
mcfarlane now you understand spa
fuck you
I'd say I'd save my bullets for the last
half of this fight but you do what you
do you can you can't get some good
staggers on her now but I find the
easiest way to beat his last form his
final form is staggering sure I know I'm
sorry I'm just trying I'm not trying to
be an ass I want to see Jack succeed oh
yeah I'm not trying to be an ass no I'm
not I'm not picking up I'm not picking
up that because she's helping
what what damn it damn it get up
oh fuck
fuck you
gotcha
what come on why can't I stagger you
alright I'm saying I know my well I
don't think you were quick enough that
could be there I'm just gonna cheese in
with the cheese whatever words pick up
shit wake up this is why you need the
bullet shit wake up you please do please
as a prison
you get too far she's gonna keep doing
that shit oh you please you please you
please
a couple good staggers is all you need
jack
I actually actually really like this
fight I do that's a good fight it's a
fine fight ins yeah you want some wine
with that cheese Jack whatever works
guys whatever works fine you're playing
correctly jack absolutely trying to read
comics is impossible you have to read
issue 986 then that run becomes issue
one then that run becomes issue 1000 to
celebrate then Bendis takes the
character and ruins it welcome to all
comics no know what you have to do is
this missmizon is although I am I am a
little excited about Bendis his upcoming
run on Superman yeah he is he said he's
like we are we are Superman is Rio
returning to Superman being a beacon of
hope he's the good guy and it's all
about like how you know like he's he's
the good guy and only the good guy
because that's what Superman is yeah but
I heard something I heard that that
woman is in a Batman is engaged to
Catwoman no yes I think that's true so
that means another reboot is around the
horizon for DC to wipe out the mayor's
wipe out the marriage you know it I you
know a comic-book character can't have a
stable relationship I know I know
could help leads to the cathedral ward
well I heard that I just thought yeah
reboot incoming again yeah yeah you're
probably right
maybe it won't be stable do you really
want to read about Batman having marital
troubles with Catwoman is that what you
want to read uh you know what by the way
like maybe who knows I'm an adult now
like yeah married oh yeah fine I wasn't
marriage drama you want to read the
issue where they get a divorce and she
leaves with half the Wayne fortune
Batman's trying to operate a budget by
the way that did great things for
Batgirl
by the way when when Batgirl ditched
Bruce Wayne back when Bruce Wayne was
stopping being Batman and Commissioner
Gordon was Robbo Batman because that's
right because you know comic books
check they might be fun together but you
know damn well this is the kind of thing
that someone's gonna come in and undo
and there's no way that this
relationship lasts there's no way sorry
Jeff oh yeah no no it's fine look it's
all the same shit but uh when Batgirl
ditched Batman and had to be on her own
she lost all of her shit
yeah and then you know it was more of an
underdog story and news like oh you know
just I'm gonna sew together my own
costume I'm gonna use makeshift tools
and just be a detective and so like when
she did revitalize herself it was a
decent run for a while so perhaps Batman
could do a similar thing but again
that's not necessarily why people like
Batman that's why we like spider-man
there are no good stories to be told
about married people I don't necessarily
agree with that my only my only real
point is there's no way that they're
going to keep Batman and Catwoman
together there's just no way they're
going to do that okay so so long we need
a pool we need that we need a divorce
pool yeah how many issues do you think
they last year and a half so so 18
issues yeah I like it I'm giving it I
think a year and a half would have been
a great guess in the 90s but we have to
factor in decompress storytelling and we
have to you know thank you thank you
Brian Bendis news cycles so much faster
now right so I'm giving it six issues oh
wow
six issues so just for the news cycles
just for the news cycle I and then
you're probably right on the sixth issue
they get divorced or Catwoman dies or
Batman dies or something happens you're
probably right
where's the fireball I'll take they were
never married the whole time for 600 so
the spider-man defense this I mean
that's still that's still like a divorce
that's that counts in the divorce rules
I give it six issues until the marriage
is undone by whatever means okay whether
it whether Satan is involved or just you
know good old good old traditional
American divorce
gahafer coroner says the road warrior
was a pretty pioneering LGBT film was is
riding around with his boyfriend and you
can hear the humongous say smegma
crazies to the left the gate gay boy
berserkers to the gate I I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna say you're wrong but I
always read the whole was thing with his
boyfriend I don't know that he saw him
as a boyfriend as much as he saw him as
just property mm-hmm sure sure
I always thought saw that as more of
just an animalistic thing I'm gonna take
whatever the fuck I can and I'm gonna
take you because I can I'm going to show
my dominance over somebody more prison
boyfriend and boyfriend I saw that Moroz
prison boyfriend than boyfriend very
friend yes that's fair
you know you got to do that pig fisting
just cuz like its blood echoes it's free
blood echoes at this point go down fist
a pig you get that you get the blood
echoes prison in the desert wasteland
but the desert wasteland is a prison
that's that's kind of it's just there's
nowhere to escape from because
everything is the desert wasteland
that's a little bit of the point mad
Max's it's not a pleasant world we're
going out we're going cheese again
because that's what we're doing it's
need to work really well last time
cheese won the boyfriend that's cool
like I'm someone I'm not saying you're
wrong I'm just giving you my
interpretation
Australia is also in person yes I like
it I like where this is going
easy-peasy japanesey
since do you guys collect anything for
example I collect pens I am curious
because I know you guys talked about
collecting being somewhat of a waste of
time during that best of the worst about
beanie babies III don't really currently
collect anything the closest I have to a
a collections more souvenirs sure is
whenever I go to a new ballpark I'll buy
that team's hat except for the Cubs they
can go fuck themselves did not buy a
hand and ring me feel good
you collect fish rich that's not a
collection that's pets yeah you did
general that's not included with four
things chit chit chit chit
gun
get it there we go there we go there we
go yeah I I owed Karen's dad
so me and Karen we took him to Wrigley
Field this comes from yeah and I
actually sat near the infamous seat
there
the infamous infamous seats right all
right we get to the ballpark yeah and
there's people in our seats oh okay
there's people in our seats I asked them
you know I said that all these we're
excuse me we're sitting here we cover
seats they wouldn't get out of our seats
so I had to get an usher usher comes out
and they move them and apparently the
reason that we're sitting in our seats
and not their own is they had the
infamous seat there is there I I'm so
excited learn what the infamous there is
a two-foot-wide column there was a chair
that they sell tickets for directly
behind this two-foot concrete column I
bet they're really cheap tickets I don't
think they are you think they're just
regular regular fucking price you
literally I examined the seat yes that
was I was flabbergasted you cannot see
shit all you see is the concrete column
and like and maybe 10% of the outfield
oh my god and then they charge money for
this that's beautiful that's beautiful
me that's great I love it obstructed
view really extremely obstructed view
seats yes yeah what do they say to you
when when they refuse didn't move didn't
do anything they were hoping that riches
politeness would you say go well I guess
we'll find another seat too but not yeah
so I I had to get an usher and they they
they ushered them back to hell but
that's not my fucking fault yeah riches
that Wrigley yes that's Wrigley Field
that sells a seat that's directly behind
a two-foot concrete pillar class I think
it's the same area of the ballpark where
they literally have a net under the
ceiling encase the concrete from the
upper deck crumbles it's a fucking dump
it's just so Wrigley Field is a fucking
dump and they need to tear it down and
build a new fucking ballpark but they
said they sold seats by three old
historic Wrigley futures and it's it's a
fucking death trap that's going to kill
somebody someday oh wait I think I have
things that might be it I don't know the
dude is I thought it was concrete and
the seat was like it was literally
directly behind that pole it was
literally there was no way you were
seeing the game unless you were doing
this I love it I love it
so it might have been similar but not
that exact spot all right there we go
now I can use my Kirk hammer
all right oh yeah
Kirk hammer should have a flat screen on
it hello son you just watch the fucking
game at home on a TV it shouldn't they
should not have a seat there why do I
dislike the Cubs why shouldn't I but
look you know nobody in Chicago likes
both the Sox and the Cubs you like one
or the other and the Cubs represent the
the north side of the richer side of
town rooting for the Cubs is a lot like
it's a lot like rooting for the preppies
in the college movie it is it's like
rooting for the prairies in that your
baseball politics fascinates me Wrigley
Prep we're a mega house Omega house I
love it maybe don't we're Delta Delta
Delta Delta Cubs yeah Delta Delta Cubs
great
Oh awesome
all right let's see what this thing can
do
burning for the Sox is rooting for a
history of cheating that that one time
once yeah here's here's here's the
difference between a light Sox fan
becomes for me okay yeah are you are you
familiar with the Black Sox scandal the
Black Sox Black Sox scandal no like
nineteen was at nineteen was in 1912 or
earlier earlier 1900s okay the White Sox
team weren't being paid very much by the
owner and so what what some of the
players did yeah was they conspired with
gamblers to throw the World Series
really yes it's a it's a this big thing
that happened it's the reason baseball
has a commissioner now said needed
somebody to get tough on baseball all
right all right I'm down fans it's just
it's part of history nobody says
anything about a curse it's just this
thing it's this interesting thing that
happened yeah the Cubs somebody didn't
let a goat in to Wrigley Field oh it's
the curse
I hate Cubs culture the goat and the
curse makes me sick the curse is over
that's right now your team has no
identity winning in the World Series was
the worst thing the Cubs could have done
you think it was better for their
branding they had an identity based
around being losers I did not just
another team in the pack shit all the
Cubs gonna do it honest about a hundred
years and that was their brand their
world that unity though yeah two years
ago and now they're just another team
baseball is so fucking weird the fact
that the fact that you're like
you'reyou're rooting for them to be
losers is realer than their hate
oh sure sure the Cubs just pissed away
their cultural relevance so for one
night of debauchery and I don't I don't
know that it was worth it
I don't think winning hurt the Red Sox
yeah but I don't I don't think the Red
Sox base their identity off of being
losers the Red Sox went fuck it we gotta
win one of these days right
comes like next year the curse the
lovable losers we got the curse yeah and
now that's all gone and they have
nothing it's fine oh yeah yeah the White
Sox once put in a little person as a
batter you know why why instant walk
like the strike zone on a midget is like
an inch big really yes I think they've
said putting rules against being able to
do this fucking baseball this is the
weirdest fucking sport this is what you
people follow a little person and then
see what the fuck happens fine
thank you
I prefer camera talk to sport stuff like
I don't have much camera talk for you
what I can tell you is I was a big dummy
and the the camera we use here is the is
the Panasonic gh2 that's the one where
you see us on right now and I have a
nice really good low-light wide-angle
lens that we use here so we can keep the
lights kind of dim for us but you guys
can still see us and I brought the lens
home so I could practice with my new
camera but then I left the camera here
so I don't Crystal Palace's yeah
baseball fans are weird jack says as he
fists a giant pig I don't disagree with
you and I guess I could go into lengths
on the benefits of fisting a pig yeah
yeah that's fair that's fair
that also doesn't necessarily make
baseball fans any less weird
clavier david says have either of you
played barony it's a roguelike you might
enjoy
maybe barony never even heard of it
honestly yep I agree I've never heard of
it
rewind shaq says if you guys played
axiom verge it's a 2d Metroid remake
with some cool weapons and graphics
streamed it are you guys reviewing into
the breach it doesn't seem very
streamable happy Sunday
you France I think you could make like
into the breach would make a perfect
like if we just had other shit to talk
about because you know there's not a ton
you know its turn-based its I mean I
don't have much to say about it that's
the problem with reviewing I'm not even
really playing it all that much honestly
so and they don't hate it it's good yeah
I know but I think that like there's
just not a ton to talk about which is
why you probably won't see us do like a
full episode on it other other games I
could be playing have out competed it
for my attention yeah yeah
hello
okay the big in with spiders got your
fist said I would tip more often but I
leave in a subway tunnel and I make 30
cents a decade my tunnel friends and I
gather around my tangerine I book
stealing Wi-Fi off passing trains to
watch it takes weeks okay well we
appreciate you know the little tip you
can give us we really do helps keep the
show moving what you finally made it to
the church that's right I need to get
here now I can go back and talk to that
lady who's like do you know a safe place
so I can talk to her to get her here I
remember it's all coming back to me now
actually I usually do the blood borne
the blood starved Beast did you the
Blood star Beast and I missed it that
can't be
but before before this area I usually do
the blood to starve Beast he's not yeah
he's yeah you can do next oh wait no
never right now you're in a different
area and I thought never mind never mind
I thought your see I haven't been paying
too much attention
yeah I thought you were at that church
when you fight another right I thought I
thought that's the church you're a Dodge
I take it all back duty I take it all
back cuz you said this is where she is
in the girl like I thought you're
talking about the nun the nun wolf no oh
uh lady I don't remember you or
something that's it I think
no I was there was a lady at a door
earlier who was like do you know of any
safe place and I couldn't I didn't have
any place to tell her mm-hm but now I
have the place to tell her
check fox says dear john and ricky who
is your favorite actor and why is it
jeffrey Culver best regards Chuck Fox I
don't I don't I don't know that I have a
favorite actor there are a bunch of
actors done work I've liked yeah no one
like that's my guy
the real Vance is rich I know you like
the dollars trilogy so I'd like to
recommend Once Upon a Time in the West
directed by Leone starring Charles
Bronson and Henry Fonda I just saw it
and it's great that's what I should see
once upon a time the West yeah I'm
surprised you happen I am too I am too
well there you go directed by Sierra
Leone who did the dollars trilogy yeah I
think he wanted Clint Eastwood do Once
Upon a Time in the West and and Clint
Eastwood was just like a horrible
asshole tool I don't think Clint
Eastwood like Sierra Leone really yeah
yeah I thought I got the workshop tool
oh I got this one
I
Sergio Leone yeah sorry it's Sergio
Sergio okay great great
we're doing great everything's great you
guys looking forward to far cry 5 you
can play the entire game and co-op you
guys interested in it I almost never
play co-op no I'm gonna want to play the
game and some jackass is gonna be mad at
me because I'm not skipping every
cutscene yeah fuck it and you know I
don't know if I've played any of the Far
Cry games I said I saw you play the
retro-looking one blood dragons great
and I've never played into parkour games
I don't plan on playing the new one
aren't they aren't the farc our games
more like tech demos for the crisis
engine they were I don't know that's
really the case now Oh first one
certainly was and then the crater that
went on to make crisis which was
infamously hard to run because the
requirements were so high yeah yeah
oh no I didn't want to go here I wanted
to where do I want to go I want to go
talk to that biddy how do I talk to that
biddy quickly I guess this is a good
place to go as any I'm gonna go talk to
that Biddy and then I want to go talk to
the other Biddy because I found the red
gem thing
I know far crys is like coming out soon
ish but like there there's just fuckin
everything coming out in May I don't
know what it is about May but every game
in the history of games is coming out in
May cuz you get a few months after
December because you don't want to
compete with Call of Duty I suppose
impact autumn had an obvious impact in
Eastwood's own directed films though
assuming you're talking about Sergio
Leone well that doesn't mean he liked
him personally I didn't remember some
kind of behind the scenes footage once I
saw once they were talking about
Eastwood being asked to be in Once Upon
a Time in the West and it sounded like
Eastwood was just kind of an asshole
about it maybe I'm misremembering things
I don't want to say that like it's a
fact oh no listen start talking shit
about Clint Eastwood took my ass
he's like dust he's more dust than
megan's he could still kick my ass
shit shit you're not dead you're not
dead why are you not dead you just shoot
him he'll die I don't have any bullets I
thought he was dead so I stopped you
know like trying to attack him yeah and
as it turns out he was very much not
that Clint Eastwood is still making
movies how crazy is that that I think
his mother lived to be like a hundred so
he's got genes she's got the genes man
jarick when you run out of bullets press
up the sacrifice blood for five more
bullets oh that's right thing you well
to be fair Jack was almost dead and if
he did that he would have just died no
but I actually I did forget about that I
appreciate the reminder how you got the
big you got the big him heavy blunt
weapon I I was more concerned with
dodging at that all right I'm not I'm
not very confident with the heavy blood
weapon yet but it is cool
big-ass hammer okay got some blood baths
let's go fist a pig real quick why not
might as well farm while we're here then
we're gonna return the red jewel and
then we're gonna talk to the lady about
where to go someplace safe and then
we're gonna keep moving we're gonna keep
moving keep on keepin on me
shit shit angry pig angry pig angry pig
not massage hi guys
I just finished doing 2016 yeah it's the
most fun I've had to start to finish in
the game in a long while
any recommendations for Xbox that would
give me a similar fix less cutscenes the
better I don't I don't have the Xbox one
I can't I can't help you there yeah I'm
not sure something Xbox specifically not
sure what's on the Xbox I I don't know
that there's much like doom and there
should be I you know I I had a decently
fun time with titanfall to the
single-player campaign yeah we streamed
it wasn't really like doom no no no no
but it was fun there were fun moments I
know I'm selling it really hard but uh
it's just that was just something I
could think of off the top of my head
that might be on the Xbox one it was fun
anything else like a tune there's not a
whole lot like doom that's kind of what
makes doom so special check what do you
have going on here what's what's going
on in the game what are we doing
it's like what's our goal I'm looking
for an end point
okay so currently I am I am attempting
to return or I'm attempting to do some
storyline stuff right are we are we
nearer and exciting boss battle
uh maybe okay okay maybe we could get to
an exciting boss but we can go a little
bit late I don't care I don't care that
much yeah a little bit I know you have
fun where do I need to go oh yeah this
way yeah we can get we can get someplace
fun absolutely
how late are we
what time is 9:30 real yeah time flies
when your bro I know I know
captain president says rich and Jack
have you guys considered doing a version
of review for video games no as in a
retrospective or is that a flawed
concept I think if we did we just do it
on like kind of we did what we did with
the sonic video or any other older
videos a few of those not too many you
know we already know with Zelda 2 we did
sonic if we feel like talking about an
older game
I know we've we've started a few
episodes with older games and they
didn't really turn out but you know I
died happens it's blood-borne
I know but now I need to go all the way
fucking back over there you got it you
got to do some bullet farming yes that
is very true and now you have to go way
the fuck back over here because I don't
think I can leave again I don't think I
can go back to the the hunters dream or
else I lose all of my echoes so I got I
got some work in front of me but that's
fine I'll just use blood bullets until I
get to where I need to be mm-hmm cuz I
totally forgot that I have blood bullets
bullet firming worst thing about this
game I guess I just don't use as many
it's it's really helpful man early on I
think I'm mostly doing the two-handed
version of the ax so I end up getting
like a bullet so close early on sure and
at the point where I start using my gun
more I've just got I just got a shitload
saved up ah fuck everything I we're just
going we're just moving forward and you
know what fuck the story stuff we're
just going forward moving forward
fuck it all what's the story stuff
you're trying to do Oh leave the red jet
the red necklace and telling the lady
you could do that just run patient fuck
it fuck it trap nope try and it'll work
done we're moving forward Jack you don't
wanna miss out on this stuff because I'm
assuming you're going to keep playing
this after the street I might so don't
miss out on the shit I have to go back
to this shit I'll do it later
hammer votes
all right we can't see him yet you
should be more insight you fuck I kind
of love the big hammer kind of love it
that hammer takes all day to swing but
wow yeah you see that and crushing it
what they're doing where is it going
was it stronger than Ludwig's holy blade
from just peered straight one-hit damage
Oh watch me notnot at a similar level of
course oh sure
these guys are one of the ones that
scare me or the bag men oh yeah I don't
think we have a bagman yet no there
might be one around the one now wait you
might come later let's see no there's
just clothes there now I think right
yeah there's crows okay he doesn't
appear until you fight the blood starve
Beast yeah I thought so I thought so
fucking crows Kirk hammer only requires
50 strength for max potential whereas
Ludwig's requires 50 strength and skill
to max out its damage oh ok yeah but
what's the max damage difference I don't
know
somebody's saying that Lou Biggs is
stronger okay but it's harder to get to
that point yeah this is this is the pre
Ludwig's holy Braille blade guess so
much infinity Wars gonna pull opening
weekend uh it might be the first movie
to crack two hundred million is that is
that feasible with the amount of
possible theater or the amount of open
screens is that is that even conceivable
you know you have to at this point you
have to say yes because like aren't
other the other movies are already like
pulling their shit several of crack Oh
220 is the current for opening weekend
nevermind then it's definitely gonna
crack that like other movies are jumping
ship because they are afraid
Oh fuckin hammer that's fuckin hammer
right here the shield
adorable
what what made 240 million opening
weekend and he talkin domestic or world
I would I would say domestic because
it's usually that's usually what people
are yeah
Star Wars The Force awakens was sent and
sent opening weekend 247 huh sure sure
sure believe that Jesus Christ yeah
amen but with especially with the
retention that Black Panther is getting
infinity war is is looking like it's
gonna do pretty dang well yep
the finiti war is going to do it and if
people love Star Wars what you infinity
war is infinity war it's well well
they're going to keep making Marvel
movies after that I think the view of a
lot of people is that this is the climax
of ten years of storytelling it's it's
going to do well but it still doesn't
say Star Wars on it
that's very true yes I feel with it if
they just change the name to Star Wars
infinity War part 1 400 million
I find it amusing that we live in a time
line play Black Panther movie makes
double the money of a Justice League
movie no have you seen each movie man
can gamify G knows what he's doing and
and DC clearly do not and as it turns
out Zack Snyder is kind of shit at
making movies it's it it's just I think
it's just how DC has mismanaged their
franchise to this point is the reason
sure it's just like didn't do better and
it's like I understand like the point of
that which is like if you're looking at
name recognition alone a movie starring
Batman Superman Wonder Woman the flash
does shit at this point if I read
correctly Black Panther has grossed more
than Batman V Superman and Justice
League combined right over so well
that's a fine movie Ravens I haven't
seen it I'll probably see it when I go
to watch Thor 3 and whatever before I'm
pretty warped yeah but I mean the
trailer didn't look jaw-droppingly
amazing the trailer will didn't hype me
up sure sure and I thought he was one of
the lamer characters and Civil War you
know it's it's a fine movie and also I
think it was speaking to an audience
that in general feels like they're
underrepresented in major blockbusters
and so there was there was a whole
untapped audience that usually doesn't
go out to see movies and they felt like
they should this time there you go
like they're you know the the the the
black audience felt like this was an
important movie for them and they came
out for it and also it's a fine movie
and at this point what we're seeing with
the Marvel Universe I know like the
general joke is that all the Marvel
movies are the same but guess what
that's really working in Marvel movies
favored because you know you're gonna at
least get a competent fucking movie
unlike a Monsur Justice League
fuck run away run away can I not get on
out stagger him the other side that is
why would I want to see the same movie
over and over again
well it's irrelevant what you want if
most people will yeah people people have
said like they they are willing to put
up with kind of see me
storytelling if it gets them a competent
fucking movie I don't know that's
necessarily true
what these movies all feel the same well
they have they have a similar tone
looking Guardians yeah guardians yeah
look at various I'm looking at guardians
and you know what it fits in the
universe that's not gonna fuck you I'm
not saying that's a negative thing I'm
saying it fits in the universe
fuck you you come come down the stairs I
like you I don't like you spider-man
homecoming did not feel like Thor no but
they fit in the same universe okay they
have they have a similar quality in tone
and that's not a negative thing that is
not a negative thing at all man
right right right
walking in there
but you know the the other part of that
is is finally you know Marvel Marvel is
figuring out what Tyler Perry figured
out a long time ago which is people like
to see representations of themselves in
the movies which is
and that's why like if you've noticed
all of the advertisement for infinity
war like all the sudden fucking
everybody from Black Panther is in those
advertisements and they're like we know
there's a chunk of the movie that takes
place in Wakanda anyway so it was all
part of the plan but all of a sudden
fucking too childless sisters on the
cover of Entertainment Weekly because
people fucking love that movie which is
great like it's in the I wouldn't put it
anywhere in my in my top Marvel movies
just because you know for me the story
we've talked about this before it just
didn't I don't care about who the king
of Wakanda is that's not something that
speaks to me hmm when you saw Star Wars
did you care about who the Empire was
Star Wars Star Wars is about Luke not
like the story of Darth Vader like
overtaking the Emperor no I didn't care
about that that was were the prequels I
want I want something simple I want I
want the the kid the kid who does good
against the big meanie
that's what you're saying is you want
the same thing every time what the exact
every damn time same thing fuck you dick
with yech
so how much do you think you're gonna
need the train to get through
blood-borne without taking a hit that's
the goal right you told me that was your
your goal we're gonna we're gonna stream
this game and see you get through it
without a hint yes it's gonna take me
approximately three years to get there
finger my finger I was trying to quietly
move my finger towards the button sure
but I couldn't I couldn't get there
smoothly or quickly enough and by the
time my finger got on the end button
yeah it was it was too late the joke was
over Joao pessoa I was trying to cuz I I
could nail ya button and so I was trying
to draw out time I appreciate I
appreciate it and you didn't hit the
button that's good a place as any
that's as good a place as any my friend
alright let's get over here let's get
over to it's watcher oh look I'm not
playing IIIi did not play it tonight but
I love blood-borne blood-borne is great
blood-borne is fucking great I was we
talked about it the other day like me
wanting to get back into blood-borne and
I didn't know if we had a plan tonight
so I was like I'll just bring my ps4
yeah and if oh if I'm so lucky I'll play
blood-borne and here we are
alright so any work today
things bleep in that maybe you got all
I'm Karla I'm caught up how about that
apples
alright well tonight then we're all done
now is the point in the evening in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Tiberius Kirk who has
subscribed to us for 30 fucking months
in a row and Tiberius says I hate the
water
I hate being wet and I hate daylight
savings time okay that's a take on me
hating the snow yeah I'm not sure I'm
not sure okay that's fair you know
daylight saving time he always fucks me
up but I just I just want I just want
them to make Davey say a lot of times I
was a little bit later I like that yeah
yeah I was trying to explain to my
children why we do daylight say there's
no good reason and that was basically
there was like oh you know farmers back
in the day and people didn't have lights
and that my kids go yeah but we have
lights now and I was like right and so
they're like so why do we keep doing it
and and I said well I don't know cuz
it's what we do I guess like how do you
explain why we keep doing it like yeah
because we do but whatever war on for 18
months arose yeah doomed to grind
captain swc for 15 months in a row multi
1989 up Sykes who's Pike's
who's Pike's yeah whose planks are not
uh spikes or maybe uh spikes you said up
Sykes
oh okay so I'll take just like stood
I'll take uh spikes Skippy Brown I am a
robot
all 101 oh one says be Zoe's money
successfully transferred to hack frauds
thanks B Zoe's four B's owes money
successfully transferred to frauds
you Fresno Bob for 18 months in a row
who says I'm giving you my free prime
sub which causes me nothing
I demand recognition for this you
absolutely do because you remembered
that you have to manually Risa Busic
you're free twitch prime kitchen fucking
whore oh I'm gonna grease it up every my
bum it's free for you but money for us
we appreciate it
daddy 24 Larry Kenobi 1138 429 fucking
months in a row
who says please say something funny for
me here I'm a lot of ideas Larry Kenobi
says what okay what kind of animal oh
it's not a joke yeah let me see if I can
remember how this goes
what has four letters sometimes as nine
and never has five what has four letters
said again what has four letters
sometimes has nine and never has five
just making me think about that like you
know what what starts his day on four
legs has two legs in the middle of the
day in three legs it's like what's man
I'm trying to what what's the what's the
what
that wasn't a riddle what do you mean
that wasn't a riddle what it I don't get
it what has four letters huh sometimes
is nine and never has five that's not a
riddle