Episode 062
Craving more Bloodborne (pt 2)
March 20, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXwhKEUJqTk
___________________________________________

what happened to Diddy Kong Racing I
ordered another copy another copy of
Diddy Kong Racing is coming to me right
now as we speak and I will play Diddy
Kong Racing extreme xk & m.i I have
beaten the blood-borne DLC rich have you
played I haven't beaten blob are DLC no
but you played yeah yeah it's pretty
it's fucking great and shat there is an
explanation for why Star Trek aliens
just look like humans with forehead
bumps there actually is some orders you
just watch through the TNG you'll see
the episode there's an episode about it
oh yeah yeah you know this you mean
there's an explanation besides that was
easiest for the actors or well that's
the real-life explanation you know you
can't you can't do goofy and same things
every episode on a TV budget but you're
saying there's an in-universe
explanation for this I did not
well I'm sure I've seen it but I don't I
don't remember I don't remember that I
did not retain that knowledge archeology
episode where they find some ancient
stuff okay there's information like
buried their DNA and they got a good DNA
from various places and eventually this
it's for for card gets the curl in this
car I think it's I think it's that
episode okay and they find out that all
life is we know it in the galaxy was
seeded by one ancient race
millennia or many many millennia ago
Jesus they were they only they were the
only life they could find and they were
lonely so they just wanted to see the
planets we would all come together
someday and discover our origins but
they were all fighting with each other
because they couldn't come together
I guess but that's why everyone is
vaguely human that's why everyone is
vaguely humanoid ok that's a decent
explanation what do you guys think of
Netflix bullshit of advertising movies
saying like it's the best action movie
scares movie funniest movies do you guys
believe in this you shouldn't believe
anything you hear it's like that sounds
like a a clearly hyperbolic statement
it's advertising
you've discovered advertising like they
can quote one person saying it's the
best movie ever but who cares of that
person let's let's talk to the people we
need to talk to get him there get it on
search to get all that that shit going
on the church then I'm gonna take apart
that fucking blood starve beast and we
can put this side-by-side with that
fucking a stream first time it's lated
where he was kicking my ass every single
time and this is gonna be my fuck you to
the blood starve beast alright alright
that's that's what tonight is gonna be
fuck you to the blood starve Beast took
me eight years of training but I am here
now to say you don't control me any
special conditions for this run or is it
just casual
cash super cash though to be fair rich
made it all the way to the the
the cleric beast weaponless that's
pretty cool I mean hello splendid
let me ask you a small kindness you're
soon off to hunt I presume then if you
find any survivors tell them to seek
your self cos clinic oh we know what's
up with you a sip scoff yeah yet human I
will look after them no sure you go that
alien goop monster what is the best
condiment cheese Mayo ma'am yeah I can
be with Mayo Mayo is perfect and
delicious
Jack sounds so drunk I'm drunk on coffee
Mayo's like somewhere in between butter
and sour cream all right yeah cuz like
all a at Mayo is is eggs and oil right
gorgeous Mayo's wonderful that's a curse
but true rich yeah I know
okay doobie sandwiches hey R&J; I've been
a beast cutter user for all my
blood-borne playthroughs it's the best
weapon ever I don't remember which one
that is these kind of stuff and I had
and had I overlooked the advantages of
other weapons in the game how can any
best the whip sort I I can't use the
width or I'll tell you that I've never
been any good with it that's III don't
understand why so many people like the
whip sword I don't get it I think I'm
actually gonna start over I just started
over but I'm gonna start over again
because I was just kind of haphazardly
putting my character together it wasn't
really concerned about a build but then
as soon as I got the hammer I realized
that I was I did not have a
strength-based character so I think I'm
gonna start over again and go full
strength based and try to do an entire
playthrough with just the hammer for
everything just see if I can do that
because I think that'd be all you've
always heavy big dumb smash the bad guys
the beast cutter is the big smashing
whip at the start of the deal so the
pizza cutter no another pizza cutter
that's great though that fucking weapon
is great the big smashing whipped they
say
so you think him say the lady depress
the girl was my next two objectives okay
yes same lady and depress the girl oh I
found you dad
found him did I remember to grab the
thing from the mother I might have to go
back and get that rich yes a seek a
nipple what is your favorite Mel Brooks
film favorite Mel Brooks thing don't
know that I have a favorite I'm sorry
name a Mel Brooks film that you enjoy a
Blazing Saddles and history records part
one is also a cancer that is also the
correct answer really anything but
Dracula dead and loving it and you're
good yeah yeah I wasn't too big on the
Robin Hood one either
oh it's moments men in tights yeah dad
it's moments where men manly men man in
tights tights that's great that's great
Young Frankenstein also a correct answer
the Elephant Man does not count as he
just produced that by that standard
you're throwing the fly in a pen oh he
produced the fly I believe he produced
the the thinking of the modern one the
the the Cronenberg yeah that man is a
national treasure Mel Brooks there's a
there's a great like behind the scene
featurette on the Elephant Man and it's
with Mel Brooks and talking about like
early early on in the film and how he
had to fight the studio to keep his name
off of it high anxiety yes just about
everything just about everything Belle
Berg has done has been gold yes and III
know he did the original producers I
haven't seen it really yeah
oh you should see it I know I should I'm
sorry I mean no that's fine it's great
but but early on when they were making
the Alpha mania David Lynch film about a
person with a weird body deformity Mel
Brooks just wanted the story told so he
produced it and the studio in their
infinite wisdom wanted to put Mel
Brooks's name right out in the front of
it because Mel Brooks is the big day
yeah I'm gonna ruin the flying the
Elephant Man yeah either way either way
they're not confident all right right
and so like in in the behind-the-scenes
featurette Mel Brooks is like telling
the story I was like no I had to fight
to get my name off of this movie he was
absolutely right that's how little the
studio understood marketing movie
that's true steel alloy says you can
smash the brooch for a bludger rather
than giving also work you hated history
of the world part 1 ah you know I love
it that's a great mother I love it it's
a great moment lots of lots of great
bits I don't think I cared that much for
silent movie it's been a while since
I've seen you've made a silent movie
right been a while there's actually it's
not entirely a silent movie there's one
there's one word in the whole movie oh
yeah you know no it's been a while I
have known you know Marcel Marceau is
the old comedian no Marshall Martha a
world-famous mime has the only line of
dialogue in silent movie that's too
clever to cover the silent movie gets
points for that alone sure sure
I'm big dumb yeah where are you going
never wrong wait I'm going the wrong way
yeah that's what girl is up here huh
the girl was that here you gonna go talk
to the girls yeah oh yeah yeah then
you're going way the wrong way
Yeah right it's just right up here I
just started going the wrong way here he
turned around my ears away rich just
years I say spoilers the movie is I
think over 40 years old the movie is
older than rich or I well out of
spoilers territory it might not be quite
that I'm not sure what year it was but
it's fucking old yeah silent movie if
there is a spoiler window we are outside
of it
hello mr. hunt down anonymous says hey
Jack I believe you asked once about
music that's so bad it's good I didn't
but the chap did and I highly recommend
the Shaggs read their backstory on wiki
and listen to their only album on
YouTube it's great well thank you
anonymous you know we've talked before
about other stuff and other artistic
mediums that are so bad it's good but
you know even stuff like rebecca black's
a friday that's so bad it's good song
route thing over here probably
tired and sad said in his November
review of Justice League Kevin Smith
enthusiastically and on ironically she's
a fanboy I don't know what you're gonna
say but I know what you're going to say
and he's a fanboy the worst fanboy I'm
not gonna read the rest of it right now
just so we can talk about that there are
people out there who will love anything
as long as it has their brand name right
they like that logo
yeah they cheer for their logo and he's
the worst so he enthusiastically and uh
nayana Klee sheared for Warner Brothers
to make short films of DC characters
just fighting Mike is more right than he
thinks they do that on YouTube already
like though there's a million fan made
vs. stuff and animated verses and Kevin
Kevin Smith almost just died doing
stand-up was he doing some kind of
stand-up when he had his heart attack he
doesn't do like see there's like talking
events I don't know if that's because I
gotta say okay I really don't wish him
ill-will yeah but if he were if it just
in the off chance he were doing stand-up
when he had his heart attack it's a damn
shame he didn't die cuz then he could
have he could have literally died on
stage and if you're a comedian that's
how you want to go out how you want to
go out the open the ultimate pun I mean
the ultimate pun I yeah
oh no that's fun rich started that by
saying no ill-will right come on the
doke just a dog I'm not going to listen
to clown core music I don't know what it
is what's the pun he died on stage what
a comedian bombs they'll say he died on
stage if his jokes just don't go over
yeah it's a thing I died out there yeah
and by the way these two separate things
if if you died on stage then you did
poorly but you could also kill on stage
then that's doing very well yeah two
different things died and kill so if he
died on stage while doing stand-up the
pun is you know oh he died oh he's dying
up there oh my god he's dying up there
yeah what's the guy from Seinfeld
Richard good Kramer and over trimmer
Richard Kramer killed on stage his
career that's a great day what the fuck
is his last name I can't remember and
that's part of the he's flavor just
Kramer Michael Richard that's it
hi lip please just die a little bit he
was awesome in UHF that's true that is
very true
there are two things he will be
remembered for and that is not one of
them Michael Richards no there are there
are two things he will be remembered for
and that is one of them uhf no he will
not be remembered that's what I'm
talking about
no he won't be I don't think he'll be
with him no no of course not
no he'll be remembered for Seinfeld and
Ferrand for saying the n-word on stage
yes those are the two things he will be
remembered for even people who remember
UHF barely remember that he was
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo where are we in this
purple space bazooka says greetings from
New Zealand where I'm watching you guys
at 1:00 p.m. in the future yeah here on
business but enjoying watching you guys
blood boring it up that PS thanks for
tuning turning me in on to slay the
spire heck yeah slay the spire
blood-borne New Zealand everybody's
having a great time all the things too
many bullshit too AM a name this is the
first we're hearing that the game is too
loud that was a rather loud section but
that is the first I'm hearing that the
game was too loud which got bricked
I agree which do you got yes a restart
we start the whole game it's my first
arm debt yeah
it's not that loud okay great listen use
it usually if it's if it's just oh my
god what's not bad
wait did you just knock him back I
thought you wanted the whole game with
this weapon I did I don't think I've
knocked anyone back like that
how did you do that I a heavy attack r2
and then on normal wood r2
I don't think I've ever knocked anyone
back like that I went through the whole
game at this level is that something
that happens enemies you knock him
around like that I do what the ex all
the time it's just the normal are - yeah
sure I am surprised I did not I did not
know that was a thing that happened
lesson learned
kill you first judge frowny-face this
game is pretty great no I know I
remember playing throw blood-borne you
know you know what is weird to me though
what I remember this part like the part
with the giant white guys after central
yharnam
well there's another spot you get two of
them you might just not be that familiar
with this particular area that has them
I am like that know the church these
guys I I know I know this area well but
for some reason in my mind we got here
after central yarman our old yharnam
come here after then you might not find
this place everybody know that we
haven't been old yarman yet why is this
guy kicking my ass so hard I don't know
what is it about you
why can I not stagger you do it the old
fucking fashioned way fuck it just break
the up you can go to the blood stubs
feast before the church can you what
church are you talking about the church
were with that guy where you send people
the church where you send people oh you
can't get their blood to start beasts
before that right no and and this is
right outside of that and I in in my
head right after that first area we went
to old yarman you know like with with
all the birds people you know that place
I'm talking about and the guy with the
Gatling gun I'm holding little guy that
disappears so you're not in my way when
I'm getting up blood stones out of him
I'm in 5000 and it like yeah I guess
what I'm saying is there there are parts
of this game that are kind of meshing
together for me what Jesus we're gonna
sky with this big hat big dumb
Oh God this a mini-boss no this is a
normal bus a normal ya enemy like if
rich comes back here that enemy will
respawn just a normal enemy the the mini
bosses are the other hunters yeah I'm
probably gonna avoid the one in I think
it's worth fighting don't you have to or
else that keeps shooting yeah you just
don't have to go down that road where
the one that shoots at you yeah
no you're gonna unify him entirely yeah
not get hit by his bullets sure sure you
can befriend him
can you later on once you open up a
route behind him you climb up the ladder
behind him and then you can just have a
nice conversation and settle your
differences nicely and he'll give you
his badge hmm it's tense I'm seriously I
like that you agree not to kill any of
the Beast and he'll leave you alone it's
a thing it is it's a whole thing
that's great that's fucking great and I
believe you start shooting at you if you
start killing the Beast in that area
so you can you can break a little pact
you have with him
doo-doo-doo-doo I'll see what we got
here
tired and sad says the new infinity war
trailer made me less interested in the
film I just felt like a depressingly
teaser it just felt like a depressing
teaser for the walking dead it's just
building anticipation on which beloved
character will die here's the nature of
the Infinity Gauntlet anyone of these
deaths could be undone instantly
instantly that's true so are they gonna
do are they gonna do a fake out probably
where they kill they kill someone and
bring them back and then kill a second
person in real in the comic more than
half the heroes get just killed yeah
yeah yeah first thing that OHS does is
he literally kills half of everybody
that is okay and then during the big
battle scene the heroes completely get
slaughtered like literally like
spider-man's head gets beaten in with a
rock nice I don't think they're gonna do
that in the movie everyone likes Tom
Holland too harsh
well and I mean it's hard for me to to
come up just because I of course was
fairly hyped beforehand and and the new
trailer just got me more heights I'm
very excited to see it so they're gonna
kill people off but yeah they're going
to bring them back yet yet they know
people think they're going to
permanently kill characters off so
they're gonna tease it but I mean they
have to kill someone right why why do
they have to kill someone because
eventually we need to hit that point in
the Marvel Cinematic Universe where they
cast new people then you just do a
reboot at some point but I don't I don't
know need to you can still keep these
carries around you're not to make you
don't have to make more Iron Man movies
but you don't have to kill Tony Stark
you don't you don't have to kill Captain
America but he can just see isn't that
movies anymore hmm I don't know I think
conventional conventional thinking says
that someone's gonna die maybe ant-man
just decides he has better things to do
with his time
Robert Robert jr. is too expensive kill
him off you don't have to make other
movies you know you don't have to you
don't have to rich but they're gonna
you're yeah I don't I don't understand
this logic where if you're not gonna use
a character in a word they have to die I
just think that's the that's the old old
standby it is because that that raises
the stakes
you know death death is a big event
maybe it just makes you depressed I
mentioned less likely to go see more
he's gone now you know what I think I
think one's death is a big event once
they start stacking up then you get
depressed maybe maybe you don't kill
Tony Stark and you know Robert Downey
jr. he doesn't want to do it anymore
right now but you know leave him alive
maybe 10 years down the road he wants to
show up to do something I think you
bring back all right come on I think
they would be foolish to just go on a
killing spree for the sake of the time
team I don't I'm not saying they're
gonna go on a killing spree I'm saying I
think someone is gonna die it's a big
event someone's gonna die there must be
rules for us to share go on just tell me
what piques your interest and I will end
and my my guts telling me it's iron iron
man it has been the leader of never
being dumb precisely for that reason you
leave open the possibility he can come
back even if you know leave it open I
don't know
there's no good there's no good reason
to kill iron man off in the high stratum
of the cathedral ward
if you seek blood healing and the church
is willing you should pay them a visit
birdy worth is an old place of learning
and the tomb of the gods
kayvyun where Yanam should be their
Bergen where well once a group of young
Bergen Worth scholars discovered a holy
Bergen whip within the tomb this led to
the founding of the healing church and
the establish a dear you know healing in
this sense okay let's hear you say my
name pro Austin see but today so pro
Austin see says gremlins ghostbusters
Big Trouble in Little China Empire
Strikes Back aliens
fury road ground which of these awesome
movies does rich like I read them all
house gremlins ghostbusters yeah big
trouble little China BG fell Empire
Strikes Back aliens
fury road you got to put one at bottom
fury road it's not fury road it's not
aliens okay it's not ghostbusters okay
gremlins big trouble little China Empire
Strikes Back
I don't know that's a tough one I don't
know that's an absolute tough one
possibly empire just just because I'm
sick of Star Wars sure sure I out of all
of these I might put either gremlins or
aliens on the bottom for me person yeah
obviously gremlins and aliens are great
movies maybe even maybe aliens for me
okay
Oh aliens aliens fantastic aliens is a
fantastic movie no doubt about it but
with this with this stacked deck II got
here of it you got a rich this is slate
this is classic slate aspire in order to
use the awesome card you have to discard
another awesome car you know I'm Sam you
know it's a wolf and yes for me I like
alien better than aliens
oh is this old yarman yeah it's on the
way there oh yeah yeah yeah okay I'm
remembering this I'm one remember in
this hasn't there been rumblings about
Chris Evans wanting to stop being
Captain America no but you know what
that you know that means he wants more
money no I don't even think they're I I
I have not heard any rumblings you
people need to learn to read between the
lines all I've heard from Chris Evans is
he's the coolest dude and is just happy
being there it's like just having a
great time I don't know what you're
talking about
somebody in the chat said that he better
pick up the hammer before he does what
if what if there's something out there
yeah pretty radical Oh what if they kill
off Thor okay and then Captain America
just uses the hammer from that on
interesting well so what if how does
that work well they can cuz the Hammers
gone they wouldn't do that well no the
Hammers gone us true the gig was smashed
and Ragnarok yeah yeah spoiler well that
was in the trailer so that's not even
spoiler the hammer was smashed in
Ragnarok so unless Thor builds another
hammer no I have not seen Ragnarok no
but yeah well but that was smashed in
the trailer for Ragnarok so still not
spoilers yeah I know it got smashed in
the trailer I just assumed that it would
come back I this yeah it doesn't come
back in the movie okay no it does not
come back in the movie
but who knows what's gonna happen later
on in infinity war who knows what sort
of weapon he'll get and Thor is going to
reforge another Mjolnir maybe before
maybe he'll get a more awesomer weapon
wasn't you just make a bunch of builders
of what such an awesome weapon and then
everyone
Milner's but everyone gets it y'all
nearer he'll have to enchant them each
differently so that like only Tony can
pick up his iron me own horror and one
that only Captain America can pick up
his mule or
dr. strange can heal uneat apples so I'm
sure he can fix a hammer we have no idea
what sort of cosmic powers are imbued in
mule in your and whether or not Doctor
Strange can repair it it was forged in
the heart of a dying star mural new
year's pretty badass I'm not sure if dr.
strange has these kind of capabilities
it's just made out of just solid
deutronium star but you're right that's
why it's so dead well then he'd you know
I don't care how strong Thor is you
shouldn't be able to pick that up well
that's the magical incantation okay okay
that's why he can pick it up it's cuz
it's so heavy
if you could pick up a chunk of a
fucking neutron star that would be a
pretty badass you just throw it in the
middle of a plant or get it creates
fucking black hole that's how
that that'd be an interesting choice
though for Thor to die kind of kind of a
you know isn't definitely isn't the most
popular of the Avengers but I know up
there he's up there easily replaceable
with another Thor you know taking that
someone taking up the mantle of core
right right yeah that's not a bad idea
for a death though what is it you desire
commit see and the the answer of anyone
vs. Superman is very simple it's it's
does the person have kryptonite they win
do they not have kryptonite Superman
wins it's the dumbest thing Superman can
be defeated by a glowing Rock if not
Superman is unbelievably strong in
ridiculous ways and has freeze breath
and heat vision so Superman wins paying
my respects to the doll Oh
oh you were bowing oh I was I just saw
you wet wagging you're controlling what
the fuck controller prepare your what
fortifying it I believe automatically
prepares it double-check that
stop wagging your controller empathetic
one of the chat says Goku is gay much
very immature but I agree with the
sentiment doesn't Goku have a wife and
kid doesn't he leave his wife so we can
hang out with some sweaty dudes like all
that's all the time and he actually he
actually goes into a special time vortex
so it seems like he's away from his wife
more than he is oh you're right my god
he just hangs out in a time sauna with
other naked dudes yeah you're right Goku
Goku is the is the is the is possibly
the most closeted fictional character
it's ok Goku will accept you it's ok
ah here it is nice
all right where are we here we are in
candy for crows who says hey guys thanks
for playing more blood Bjorn I've been
itching to play Dark Souls 2 after
beating the first last year and this has
pushed me to it I even played Kingsfield
2 which was surprisingly good I don't
know what Kingsfield 2 is I'm not
familiar with that one either
there was much I don't know one life and
that's ok that's ok to admit it's
absolutely ok lanata misses high ridge
hijacks our if you've already been asked
but have you seen that the DP for
partners held an AMA and the red letter
media reddit we saw it we saw it I even
fascinating I even answered some you
know I was talking back and forth a
little bit on there and the reddit a bit
he had a lot of interesting anecdotes
about the director and the shooting yes
and even apparently even the actor who
played hipster drug lord who's there huh
though I don't believe it because he
wasn't talking as passionately about the
project so I don't believe that was
really him it could be the shame you
know cuz any actor would take the
publicity right I don't know I think if
it was really him he'd be pushing him
really hard like no that was me that was
me check out my Twitter my Twitter is
right here you can see my new project
over a check out my website what if he
gave up on the acting he might have
partners was it I realized it was never
gonna happen
he was never meant for him
second it would you really want
publicity for partners any publicity is
good publicity you know who Tommy Wiseau
and get Greg Sestero art we know who
those people are and they earn a living
from making a very very bad movie
someone just won a fucking an award for
playing them
do-do-do-do-do where are we we are at be
cool about fire safety who says hey guys
rich yeah congrats on the wonderful
spire block playthrough now you amazing
since you didn't answer last time Jack
if you had unlimited budget to get a
triple-a studio to make a game what
would you make the I have no idea right
i I'm not and I'm a I'm a video guy I
can talk to you about movies and other
sorts of things I do not have I'm not in
the proper mindset to talk about what
triple-a game I would make I would just
give it to from software to make another
blood-borne game probably but they
wouldn't care because they're already
doing something
I hate this guy
machine gun yeah he sucks are you gonna
befriend them or you can't do it right
now I have to do it later okay sauce
trees pretty dope sauce piers super dope
man ah you clever bastard
Oh nobody's stuck in a wall oh geez
hit him through the wall
right ho Jeeves says finally caught the
new best of the worst
I lost him but congratulations it's
great
my favorite part was when Mike chased
you guys around the studio it was
action-packed it was thrilling and it
reminded us all what rlm is about and
that's family nice I don't think it got
caught on camera they would have used it
there was a nice organic moment and it
probably didn't show up on the camera
because they didn't use it but I ran
around the corner right as mike like
slid into view of me just my own eyes
and I'm just I'm sad that that
apparently did not show up on camera
because it would have been amazing yeah
and you know I know a question that
comes up a lot is how much of that kind
of stuff is scripted none that happened
purely organically that entire sequence
was nothing but an improv Jake they're
not gonna believe that they're not gonna
believe I oh I know I'm giving him the
insight whether they want to believe it
or not is up to them is rich and I had
the cameras and Jay ran out and started
the bit and then you ran or Michael I
better go along with this exactly so I
ran and then we all ran and it turned
and then Mike picked up on that and and
it turned into a whole thing and that
entire chase sequence was was wordless
improv great
but because it was improv yeah stuff
like funny bits just didn't quite work
out on camera there was a period when I
was running around in the studio where
like I'm like half running and half not
running so I can zoom out a little bit
and double-check my focus on my camera
just because like oh this is a good bit
I want to make sure that like I get some
of it having most imagined motion that
footage captures probably yeah cuz i
zoomed out yeah and and was a lot I
think I was a little more stable yeah
thank goodness y'all didn't bust the
camera we've been around cameras enough
we know the score oh you're early
that's where he always is you should
come out like that
so this guy right here for anyone who's
not a blood-borne ER he's another hunter
and this is what would be considered a
mini-boss is it technically speaking I
don't know that it is yeah because he
never comes back
if you if you go through this area again
I think generally the hunters are
considered less of a threat than than
the big beasts
come on boy come on now those lenses you
bought a couple of them are nice there's
a few that are you know scratched and
broken beyond repair
most of them are actually like it's
really interesting most of them are
incredibly have a really short focal
length which means like they're they're
like almost macro lenses so they're
really good for super close-up
photography which which is interesting
I'd say maybe six out of the out of the
Dozen are are usable still a fun a fun
trick and not terribly expensive for
their cuz he had to buy the whole one
but I'd say six are usable enough for
everyday shooting I was hoping I'd have
a nice lens for everyday shooting but
Jesus
yeah that's all right reg what mounts
are they they are they are sea mounts
and so I had to get a seamount to micro
for Four Thirds adapter but that
shouldn't affect the focal length
unlike other adapters no now we can make
back down there Gharib blood echoes back
make it all the way back down do it we
can do it that's a hike man
Oh Thank You Siberia skirt yes a
seamount to the letter seamount is a
type of limbs most commonly found at the
16 millimeter movie cameras
closed-circuit television cameras
machine vision cameras and microscope
vocals and I believe that all of these
were from the closed circuit TV cameras
that's what they look like at first but
their needs they're still fun died I
might be able to make something
interesting with those fuckers I got the
gh 5 yes that's what I mean
nice nice 4k camera and some decent high
frame rate stuff I you know so far I've
only been I've only had some prereq
shoots with it I'm not about to take it
on my first commercial shoots that's
really gonna put it through put it
through its paces but one of the reasons
I really like it is it has to as V slops
I got some extra batteries with it
should be should be an intra and a full
HDMI out yes I'm still talking about
cameras shut up
that's right saviors and you can take it
up to 4k 4k high frame rate really good
data rate over 100 megabits per second
megabytes per second right bit you know
the bite bit aggravating them all so
they come to me it looked as if you were
just gonna run no no see I don't want to
go out there and fight them with a
machine gun guy right is shooting
everything you saw spear in that bad
jacket
I'll take it
I'm saying I liked it especially like
that movie you swat them away I I didn't
even know that was a move man I like for
me I would always like you know do the
one extended big swipe and then
transform it for a quick stab so I don't
even know if I ever kept it extended as
long as you did which is probably why I
never knew there was a push away
nice nicely done
stay that fire you're gonna stay in the
fire come to my smoke it's nice and my
smoke I'd love it if I had our open
battlefield with this guy but machine
gun guy oh yeah for those who don't know
there is another hunter up on a balcony
with a Gatling gun that if rich goes too
far out of the
which goes oh oh
run away nope nope nope
jesus H crisp rich ok you can do it you
can do it he's just gonna hang out in
the fire for a better parent
Oh some tents
that was close oh he also has a saw
spear yeah is something I'm sure I knew
oh nice
nicely done nicely done all right
the bludgeoning all right over here you
run because he's gonna shoot at you fuck
those birds
which you probably forgot an item
complaining please be more specific
about things I'm doing wrong you forget
if you could file a detailed report with
red letter media HR that would be very
helpful there apparently the guy dropped
an item they didn't pick it up all right
hold still this corpse will still be
there yeah come on we're going through
that way anyway Oh sneak attack behind
you little prick
the nice thing about about this is the
the hunter will not return if rich has
to go through this area when the hunters
will not return to make the next round a
little bit easier oh yeah that was a
little battle right there no yeah was
I'm not gonna tell rich to use any combo
he's gonna do what works for him man
what are they suggesting r1 or sorry
yeah r1 l1 l1 yeah that's my that's
usually my go-to is like a big r1 and
then an l1 to transform in a quick a
quick snap so rifle spear
just good got him get him
born under punches eighty says hey guys
I was just wondering if you bought
movies physically or digitally if
digitally then where
holy fuck
you're Irish
the bone marrow ash just what you needed
oh well wasn't that close I know it's
nothing big but I'm going back to get it
of course I already got it already got
it oh I think you got a cold blood dude
so I prefer to did you did it you did
everything's good are you gonna go fight
the gun man no no no okay if I kill him
I can't befriend him later okay
kill this trick don't do it
kill that brick stalking him
and I never fucking know I'm there Jack
okay what an idiot
a few years ago my answer to that
question would be physical just because
I enjoy things like directors commentary
and the bonus feature Rhett but now that
stuff has become pretty ubiquitous on
digital formats and so you're like you
know what I'll buy an iTunes of an apple
guy so usually I'll buy digitally unlike
iTunes
and they'll have all the stuff like the
behind-the-scenes featurettes the
director's commentary all that
all right this next part is not fucking
easy remember I remember that yeah yeah
man oh my god
I know a lot of people prefer physical
and I could only assume you know know it
knowing rich in his stance on DRM and
actually owning stuff I can only say
physical stole I guess yeah I I'm just
all about that convenience man all about
that convenience plus I tend to like the
commentaries the fuck Wow
yeah but you can get that digital
commentaries and featurettes and what
now I'm with you scar wings arc I don't
like the clutter I do have like I have a
drawer that I have all of the movies
that I want that I'm not sure if I can
get digitally all the movies that are
important to me
clerks acts the the 10 year anniversary
of clerks that giant bought DVD boxset
with hours and hours of bonus material
that's I'm not getting rid of that a
space cop blu-ray ooh you know that's
not available
captain resident says here's some cash
for providing a pig fisting good time
all down for the pig tasting
I've seen pay f to pay respects
reference around a lot of places was
that a thing before you were joking
about it or did you kick it off no that
was probably a thing before we started
talking about oh yeah yeah that was the
the famous call of duty
button-front trying to do my exes l -
dum-dum so yeah that's been around
before before we even started talking
about it it's just a ridiculous button
prompt from call of duty where it's a
cutscene and then they break up the
cutscene with a button promise in order
for you to a respects back its cinematic
it is super cinematic is what I meant to
say
part of these guys chase me I just run
past once you start climbing the stairs
they finally sit there oh yeah I don't
want them following me when I'm not
expecting it
yeah they'll be fine hey I you say that
as if it's certain foregone conclusion
Jack's right
I don't know that I can agree that its
people are gone conclusion the rest
aren't following it that's okay well
that's good waiting it out Jack and rich
thanks for the hours of entertainment I
almost bought a PC multiple times just
to sink into blood-borne a PC I've
almost bought a PC multiple times just
to sink into blood well unfortunately
this is not available on PC that could
have been a sarcastic PlayStation fan
comment oh maybe maybe it's I was I was
going to build the PC to play PC games
but I just played blood-borne this thing
okay I think I don't know that could be
it
I don't quite understand that but like I
hope he sees don't have blood-borne when
they have literally everything else seem
to be anything malicious about it he
might have meant I almost bought a ps4
just to play blood blood for me was a
mistyping yeah yeah yeah could have
meant he just bought a piece of I almost
bought a PlayStation 4 right this could
be could be I don't know I don't I don't
presume we try not we try not to
hot pants says hey guys who's got my
blood echoes you got you got oh that's a
no sund okay one two happen all by
himself there whoo yeah yeah that's a
lot of blood echoes you got you got
cooking there
odhh I'd sit there with your one health
point just die
rich do you care about March Madness at
all no nope me either
me either
let's see here hot pan says hey guys
after the whole battlefront to shitness
I didn't think I didn't have the stomach
to watch the last Jedi question what
kind of shitty corporate decision over
some IP killed it for you you can't use
Star Wars and Star Trek probably EA's
decision to shove Mass Effect 3 outdoors
quickly as they could in combination
with Casey Hudson's masturbation look
how important I am ending I know people
like to move most food through was great
until the ending now I was pretty bad
until the ending mmm it's Mass Effect
dumb down I was like what for dialogue
wheels in the game I'm grossly
exaggerating but the kind of shit that
was important is the kind of shit that
was gutted throughout the whole game
it's not it's really not just the ending
bad
game they probably should have spent
five years on they didn't - yeah a
rushed game is forever bad but a delayed
game has a chance for greatness
that's a quote who knows something about
games so what's the plan here where you
going what's going on oh I got a climb
back out I want to get some stuff okay
Miyamoto said that I mean I knew that
was someone that was someone who knew
something oh yeah that stuff see see
like like like apparently infinity war
yeah Casey Hudson had the wrong idea
that you endings mean everybody has to
die well we don't know we don't know if
anyone's gonna die this last one that
means everybody's got to die right I'm
I'm assuming one person is gonna die I
am assuming how about the bad guys were
right all along and then you have to
agree with the bad guys and then kill
yourself that's the best way to end an
action-adventure story wouldn't that be
great would that be great if you have to
agree with the villain and then kill
yourself like the end of infinity war
like fan o's like decides not to kill
them and just sits them all down as like
guys here's here's really why I think
he's right we should kill half the
universe does need to die Oh God I guess
Tony Stark I guess you got to shoot
yourself in the head now cuz Casey
Hudson wrote this
yes like the Watchmen which is not a fun
action and no it's not a fun action
adventure The Watchmen is specifically a
deconstruction yes it's the take on
classic action adventures that's
supposed to be horrible and horrifying
and when you agree with the bad guy it's
a horrifying decision that's the point
of the Watchmen is more story that we
don't want that in an event in an
Avenger part conclusion of your what is
to that point been an action-adventure
series it was the wrong decision
yep no The Avengers is classic I I think
someone's gonna die just because they
have to start thinking about recasting
and that'll pull a trigger on someone
all right and they've reached a point
where
where stakes need to be appropriately up
it may it would make sense I haven't
heard any rumblings that someone is
going to die and I won't be disappointed
if no one does I just mean that flopped
over crow Jack always wishing for death
no yeah no yeah maybe sometimes no every
now and then
ya gotta open up the shortcuts man right
now I just forgot where that short note
went I almost never use that shortcut
but I suppose if you're gonna come back
and sneak up on him later you'll need
that hopefully I'll never have to take
that one again though just to sneak up
on him just take up at who I'm not gonna
bother Gatling gun guy uh you actually
know later on that would come later on
you jump down the roofs and then come
back around that later on there's a door
well I'll show you
werewolves
what I didn't see him at first and I
didn't see his help I was like yeah yeah
rich you're fucking hitting a rock use
the torch a lot these guys are scared of
it look at him oh I see that it makes it
through here easier even if you don't
use it oh yeah just having it out makes
them afraid oh I get that I I'm just not
sure I ever used it oh sandy here for
this section let's so against the
werewolf so I'm going to switch back
Jack
I assume you're either trying to stir up
some shit or you're new here no I'm not
a big fan of torrenting or pirating
you're a big dummy dumb done it worked
out okay but did it yeah it so
eventually yeah at some point in this
game yeah you will fight the the big
hairy electric beast yep
that opens this door if you come from
this door yeah you can go around and go
upstairs without aggravating the Gatling
gun guy and then you can become friends
but can't you do that if you just jumped
on the roof or you have to come through
that door as far as I know you have to
come from that door I tried spawning in
from the Blood star of beasts area once
yeah and it did work he wouldn't let me
talk to him oh okay
use a health probably don't need to but
before I open the shortcut I'm playing
it safe that's a great surprising first
time isn't it oh yeah
it's one of the rare games where you
know the jump scares scare the shit out
of you really shit out of you and do a
decent job of setting the the tone of
constant you're constantly in danger
you're constantly in danger right cuz
this is the other shortcut entrance
right and so if you come in from this
shortcut it doesn't work to coming from
this shortcut you have to go I guess you
wouldn't be able to get to without
aggravating him this way yeah I haven't
tried but like I said I've come from the
blood borne beasts table lantern yeah
and it didn't work so I assume you have
to for whatever reason and go through
that specific door okay what are the
other jump scares is that one guy in
that building in the dark room you see
the glowing thing you got to pick it up
and he comes at you from the side
there's a couple of those right it right
at the beginning right when you're in
yarman there's that guy that kind of
pops out behind the stairwell stairwell
he's on the other side he's and it's not
a stairwell that you use he's just like
it's like a stupid oh yeah yeah yeah
that's an early pretty early jump scare
I mean the werewolf one might be the
most dramatic one because he breaks
through a door yeah
wait why am i doing what am i doing
you're getting the thing up there
already isn't there something in there I
am just think I'm being dumb is there
something in there going all the way
back when I don't need to oh okay
well is there something in that tower
though that you were two feet away from
I mean I've already been there okay
you've no you want no you haven't been
to that tower
no we're at the point where I spend
blood echoes and then we go after the
blood start beast okay you have not been
in that tower yet I have no I totally
have totally haven't totally have you
can't sure you can
how can you this is a little Airy you
jump down see there's a thing on him but
I already yeah I already got it
you don't you know you jump down right
here oh yeah that's just me being dumb
yeah okay dumb dumb dumb dumb the blades
of mercy is that what you get from the
crow yeah is that so the two wind blades
we talked about that earlier yeah those
are a great weapon
great weapon jack isn't gross unless you
mentioned eggs
I mean how that helps what kind of eggs
are we talking about here
HG
that a cheap pond 79 says hey guys I
just got stable results for my code I've
been working on for my 700 level
computational fluid dynamics class oh my
god that sounds insane I don't know I I
don't understand any word of that
sentence you understand the words word
may be something I mean depending on the
context but that word the word word
wasn't in that sentence so you that's
true that's true
listening to you guys while I'm working
has kept me sane thank you so much well
good luck on the fluid dynamics
simulation
maybe I'm wrong ready to cut fairly even
progression maybe that's wrong no it's
fine
like I'll definitely prioritize like
vitality and endurance like yeah i wanna
i want a nice health bar i want some
good endurance there's nothing wrong
with that poison coat without your
poison code time to prepare prepare
properly can you pick up eggs or for the
fight i am going to make myself an
omelette later good hunter and i need
more eggs what we got here we a telecon
who says guys do you think cinematic
universes are gonna crash and burn in
the near future or do you think this is
gonna be how most blockbusters are
structured from here on out well I think
studios other than Marvel have finally
given up
who else DC is gonna the DC's already
they failed but they're still gonna plug
away at it oh they're gonna limp on
through man they are gonna they are
gonna push through whether they should
or not Willis is pride who else has
tried this Universal oh that's right
it's right twice oh what a disaster
that's great what a disaster we here we
hit Connor the Harris Cinematic Universe
that's just a bunch of sequels right and
a prequel and a quasi prequel in
fantastic beasts and where to find them
I don't know if Harry Potter fans Star
Wars I don't know that that's quite the
same thing that's a cinematic universe
but so far we only have one other right
like the only other thing we have so far
is Rove one yeah
solo isn't out yet and so we can't we
can't speculate on how well that will do
but outside of the main series we've
only had one spin-off and so it's hard
to determine success I think eventually
people will be put in charge who know
what they'll do what they're doing
Allah Kevin Feige Feige I think it's
Feige whatever I think eventually there
will be people who know what they're
doing
ala Kevin Feige shut up
and we'll see it work again but no it's
not going away and also no it will not
become the norm we're still gonna have
regular old blockbusters there weren't
too many failures for it to become the
norm
yes and there's been too much success
for it to go away it's like it is but it
isn't you know that's great great times
everyone's having a great time it's rich
not have a compressor I feel like if
anyone in the world would not only is
rich using a condenser mic there is a
compressor on our zoom h6 and so yeah
he's all sorts of compressed rich Evans
has my voice defies the physical laws of
this world it's very true rich
absolutely has a superpower and it's
that no microphone can contain a voice
you can't use it to fight crime in any
way
here we go do it here we fucking go you
can do it I believe in you rich future
Prez jrv says hey rich and Jack I went
to see they might be giants in Boulder
Colorado based off of your
recommendation
so thanks Kent I'm gonna be a jerk can I
get some quiet I mean I did I need to
see the future present moment bring it
fucking bring it you son-of-a-bitch
yep
yes first try first try that was intense
aggression hole that's the bloodborne
way oh that was a journey oh you and
feel hot
it's great it's great great job well
done well done everyone what what time
is it
it's only nine I mean I got more of me
you kids you know keep going man we got
another hour before we're usually
college let's just see how far you can
fucking get dominating how do we have
like a whole stream of us failing both
of us failing to beat the blood starve
beat I want to say yes yeah higher
stream yeah hours and hours of us not
yes what a difference a couple years yes
bagels for everyone
bagels yes push all of those whopper
buttons
rich has done in three hours what I've
done in 30-something fair my first time
through wasn't anywhere near as graceful
excessive well I think that's the point
is you know your first fuck man you like
it took me I want to say 10 hours just
to get out of central yarman the first
tonight rich you don't need to upgrade
skill after thank you storm Templar nice