Episode 066
Borne to be Wild (Pt 1)
April 9, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFXCyEcmy6g
___________________________________________

make sure we're coming through it
usually takes like I want to say like a
like 30 seconds or so just yeah
clicking buffer Bactrian buffer I ran up
the stairs but a window do so subject
hmm
you you you put it you put it to Twitter
today you didn't you didn't know what
you're gonna fillet you you put at the
Twitter it was gonna be blood-borne or
or detective Pikachu and then the chat
gets to decide what we play so what are
we playing jack
well I blood-borne we're playing
blood-borne blood-borne blood-borne yeah
we did it yeah I checked the Twitter
that yeah Pikachu it was like winning
like two two two one I gave this one the
old electoral college rich we uh are you
saying are you saying Jack that
blood-borne is the Republican
presidential candidate of previously
recorded streams what I'm saying is I
wanted to put out some feelers for what
people what I thought people would like
and I made my own decision anyway you
know what let's pull this back a little
bit let's pull this is like let's take
it back even further cuz there earlier
in the day you know let's open up we're
gonna we're gonna show people how the
wheels turn uh-huh we were deciding on
what to play hey hey rich meat at this
time and to be fair I think I told you I
don't give a shit right you can play it
on the fuck you want I'll give a shit I
was like people people want to see the
the sea of thieves and people want to
see the brothers escaping from prison
co-op yeah yeah and so we looked into
sea of thieves and it's still in open
beta and you have to buy it on the
Microsoft Store you sure that's from
what I saw okay you know what like 30
seconds of googling and that's where I
came to that can't be true because it's
an Xbox one
Windows 10 exclusive oh oh so now the
Windows Store is the worst exactly so I
booted that one right out I was gonna
push for the co-op break out of jail
game
but anyone who watches us play it we
basically be spoiling all the puzzles
okay and that's pretty new out so you
know know what am i doing I don't know
how do we I don't know what I'm doing we
saw in the first area theoretically we
might spoil some of the puzzles so then
I decided against that
yeah I'm texting with you back and forth
and you said you didn't care and I said
well if it were working I'd play a
little blood-borne but I know that
Detective Pikachu just came out and he
would insist I don't care he's my
character willing this is my outfit yeah
I'm wearing an awesome outfit you're
welcome this is how I beat vicar Amelia
I'm humiliating my enemies not exactly
okay so in any case I felt like playing
for him but as I had the tech speech you
okay I'll put it to Twitter and but like
the Twitter wasn't like what we're gonna
play it was just a it was just feelers I
have detective Pikachu the feelers was
overwhelmingly a lot of the you know the
the comments and replies were no
detective Pikachu so okay okay in any
case if you know in a couple hours we'll
see how far we get with blood-borne and
we can always switch to the detective
Pikachu later so this is where I am
right now
what are we doing so I just beat vicar
Amelia for anyone who was watching
riches stream yeah
I'm basically picking up except for I
did I've also defeated the electric
beasts okay and and I made friends with
with the man okay I didn't I didn't know
you could do that and so as soon as you
something that's like oh I gotta go make
friends kill him which is what your
first instinct of course you never get
to see that right he's dead you still
get his stuff his his the powder-keg
badge so I defeated that dark beast and
I we want to go to the church not the
Church of the good
yeah the church no the grand Cathedral
that's where we want to go so I just
beat vicar Amelia it was a tough battle
that electric beast with my hammer I was
able to shut him down so easily I would
just get underneath him and then he
would charge up hit him with my big r2
and it would it would knock him out like
I defeated sing super easy my strat with
him yeah did you get underneath them and
the big the big swing with the
two-handed axe yeah thirdly with what
some fire applied to it mm-hmm
and that that takes his legs out you can
visceral almost his electricity goes out
yeah and if you're good you can you can
almost keep him like sun block not quite
still we can keep him from powering up
exactly yeah cuz he spends all this time
building up that big electric charge
which you can dispel with a big R to it
by the way going through this game again
you know this isn't maybe my third time
going through this game I just love all
of the I'm a dolla statues well just you
know like ever everywhere there are
little um what do you call it what do
you call it when it hints at something
that's gonna happen later in a story
foreshadowing yeah
there's little foreshadowings of all of
everything later and it's so beautiful
it's so beautiful good evening everyone
welcome oh fuck you
really really right off the bat you're
gonna embarrass me like that right off
the bat this this is my first time
playing playing a hammer run and I have
decided that when that this playthrough
I must defeat it shirtless yeah and you
know I got the doll's clothes and I just
think it's funny and so I am now
shirtless in a skirt and that's how I am
playing you know you you do you jack
I am look at that 387 damage one hit
now excuse you so that's all blame
Korean and this is my first time playing
with the Kerr camera and it's a little
different you know like it's a different
weapon for me to pump everything into
strength
oh that's what that's exactly what I've
been doing let's see if you can see my
uh my stats here my strengths at 24 now
yep
so yeah just basically strength vitality
insurance a little into skill cuz that
that helps my defenses but like nothing
blunted you nothing arcane because I
don't give a fuck about that I have
recently read that there's basically no
good reason to put any more than 20 into
endurance oh yeah so you're at what what
the pro players recommend does the max
for endurance Oh am i yeah well then go
I mean endurance you can see that gets
me what one two three swings and and a
flip away which is basically what most
of the times what I need with the hammer
three swings gonna flip away so alright
so let's go I already I already went
this way to on the other side of the
church you know there's a bag man over
there and there is the invisible Imagawa
that kills you so now let's go into the
forest it's time rich it's time to go
into the forest
oh you know what do I want a farm a
little bit maybe I want to farm a little
bit you can you can do as you wish
I'm doing I'm just saying that I had
that I have only um bunny wait you just
just do the witches and you'll
incidentally firm on the way it's not
they're not a very hard boss yeah but I
gotta make my way through the forest
first we just hit things with your
hammer you'll be fine yeah we'll see
well you know what we'll give it we'll
try once if you can if you can take down
Amelia you can get through the witch's
forest
I'm sure it's nothing Jack it's nothing
you say that no I do I'm setting you up
to fail for comedy okay
you know for comedy come in yes for
comedy I'm giving you unrealistic
expectations for comedy you know here
here's the part of the game where where
it does it loses me a little bit you
know it's been a while since I played
the game and some things you remember
and some things get a little fuzzy as
far as like where the enemies are what
they are this is the this is the area
that gets a little fuzzy pretty good and
I know there's not much to this area I
ever do I remember that my first time in
the woods I was so fucking scared are
you thinking if this one's of those
snake woods oh this stuff well I know
the snake woods are next
but no the these woods woods kicked my
ass the first time because I think this
is the first area where you get the
weird dogs right by here this is the
first area where you get like that yeah
those things look at those things they
are pain they're the biggest pain in the
ass in the woods
ie this you than me we shoot that me
where he shooting at me we shoot at me
from my shooting at me bro shut I'll
probably play hitman someday it's not
it's not gonna be today I don't know if
I should jump straight into the new one
either for the hip man I hear good I
hear good things about the Hitman yeah
the Hitman in general but the new ones
specifically alright alright nuts I'm
not saying you should I'm not saying
you'd like it I'm just what there's a
dog over there - ha she's the dog
oh yeah this is a little this is a
slightly easier than I remember it being
you probably tackled it at an earlier
level I might have you know oh fuck you
first time through the game you don't
really know what you're doing
dink-dink all right I think that might
be everyone we'll see oh great great
everything's great you know it's great
rich what
bridgitte day the new overwatch
character okay I've been I've been
spending some time it's Bridget Taylor's
just Bridget you're saying it funny it's
it's it's a funny one see Asian doesn't
pretend I don't know the first thing
about overwatch it's a funny
pronunciation of Bridget okay but it's
like Brad air you know
however they pronounce it in some other
country you know but I hate something to
that ilk
oh the tank killer she's the tank healer
less less of a tank than I was assuming
she's the Humvee healer she's the Humvee
healer less of a tank that I was coming
you know she has a little shield she's a
kind of a healer but not like a
full-blown healer she's listed as a
support character okay not just a healer
no there's something I thought there was
something hidden over here
and you know she has uh she has a melee
weapon she has all these all these
special moves and she is fun as a heck
to play but she's a new character which
means that you're basically fighting
everyone to see who gets to play her and
so it's a mad dash every new game you
start because you can only there's only
one kept person per one character per
game per game is that something they
changed yes it was something that
changed for balanced reasons so only one
person can be but a hit that's gonna be
annoying the character you like plays
well oh so you
sometimes but that's why you're
encouraged to find a couple you're
encouraged to find a couple people you
like just in case yours is taken first
and then yeah it's a mad dash like the
new game starts and you have quick click
over there quick click start but might
like D incent not that I'm a big multi
player yeah but I'm about to jump into
overwatch anyway but that would D
incentivize me to play it oh well in C
to me it's great because then you don't
have to worry about balance issues and
really if you wanted to you can go into
like custom games where there are no
limits what was the unbalanced thing to
do Oh like the is like an entire team of
Road hogs which is the big heavy that
can heal himself to full health okay
that doesn't major damage you can have
six Road hogs on a on a team and and
just murder everything and a one per
team or one of the match I would presume
14 per team yeah
hello one per team but and you know
because brigitte brigitte de is so new
everyone wants to be here and so yeah
there's there's always a but a heat day
on both teams and and sometimes that
isn't fun because it's not a good
indication of what okay that's fair it's
not a good indication of what eventually
it will be because eventually yeah oh
yeah
how do I beat ROM the spider patience
patience
pick off little guys try and try and get
the little guys isolated because you
could be attacking one or another one
will maul you patience you know I've had
decent luck not worrying about the
little spiders and just going after
wrong yeah yeah okay there you go
because you you spend so much time
dealing with the little spiders at it by
the by the time you get one hit on ROM
well once you take care of the little
spiders thing as though he's excessively
easy without his little cousin he just
spawns new ones only so many times it
doesn't continuously just spawn them
endlessly oh really
yeah he spawns these bonds a full set of
spiders three different times well yeah
and like you know the big problem with
with ROM is what is it which at which
spawning does he then start shooting you
with rocks like he's me makes it rain
rocks telegraphed you just gotta be on
the lookout for it was Dan get out of
the fucking way
those dang rocks all the dang time
yes I know he's launching spells at you
the second and third time he spawned
spiders but like I said patients try to
isolate the spider try to kill the
spider but if he starts to one of his
attacks just gotta let it go and get out
of the way and then come back and try
and kill one of the spiders again that's
the idea that's good advice just for the
whole game just patience question if you
watched a blood-borne speedrun listen
they're asking us how we would deal with
it we're not we're not professionals
here we're just we're just people who
enjoy we're enthusiasts hammertime
please Hamma don't hurt him
that's right that's right seems throwing
Molotov cocktails I remember this boom I
love this hammer just rich no above the
boom hammer and the DLC I'm I'm not a
big fan of large heavy weapons which
one's the boom hammer like like like
this giant sledgehammer Jack Susan yeah
that's definitely more of a Jack thing
that are rich them right yeah rich rich
likes his Fords Thor just like the song
little song swingin cleaver spawned on
cleavers a great weapon for the spear I
went through the entire my first
playthrough I beat the game with the
sauce beer yep loves that weapon the
sauce beer and the crows weapons the
blades of mercy mm-hmm those were my
main those are my two mains this time
I'm trying something different trying my
hammer I do have I have my flamethrower
with me just in case like I feel like
burning someone yeah I like my
flamethrower
but mostly it's all hammer I've been
trying to the blades mercy are fun yeah
blades of mercy are really fun
fuck you troll it's a flamethrower worth
buying well I never really had an arcane
build but I've heard people swear by the
flamethrower
it's fun it's with with my hammer
I am considerably less worried about
staggering my hammer does so much
goddamn damage I just wait for my my
opening and swing hard I just keep my
flamethrower just cuz I think it's fun
yeah and you know like if I'm if I'm
waiting for an enemy like especially
boss enemies just give him a little
flame give a little little kiss little
kiss at a fire fight eat eat eat I
purchased that shirt the original series
or the motion picture enterprise and
also where did you get it I think I just
got it like it's either a Target or
Walmart wasn't anywhere fancy oh yeah
they send honoured stuff and everywhere
just pretty I've never really examined
it I'm pretty damn sure it's just the
original series but yeah looking at the
the nacelles that's original series it's
got the little balls on the end and the
struts are straight mmm that's totally
it's totally original series can't
confirm upon closer inspection
I know I thought I remembered you you
which ye yeah I got your number game I
got your number how can you not love
just a big dumb hammer just crush love
it except for when I swing it literally
nothing look at situationally I don't
mind you know the big slow blunt tack
but just personal preference Jack oh it
fills me with probably an unnatural joy
just crushing this is the shortcut
yes I'm not saying you're wrong
oh no no no and I'm just emphasizing how
much I do enjoy the big dumb weapon I'm
just emphasizing how much I like it it's
it's you know it's a very empowering
jack crush Jack did you Jack and Rich
actually did you know that besides the
Avengers films Black Panther is the
highest grossing superhero filming yet I
saw that it's a great day for dumb
popcorn films congratulations Ryan
Coogler it's like like I've said a bunch
of times Black Panther is not even is
not one of my favorites of the MC use
but people seem to like it that's great
and good on Ryan Coogler but but yeah
you know
you which the question is yeah is
infinity war going surpassing others
yeah it's looking like it I I would have
said I would assume yes because you not
only you get the crowd from every single
movie mm-hmm let's say you got you got
some people like your JS yeah who like
who really like those guardians of the
galaxy movies but you could take or
leave everything else legitimately great
for Black Panther yeah yeah absolutely
but I mean it's it's gonna be a one
month long crown until infinity until
infinity war surpasses them absolutely
but that's fine because and then and
then of to everything is marvel
everything is marvel and that's fine no
this is this is gonna be everything you
Guardians fans your Captain America oh
it's a witch shit shit say you know
you're you're in the Olympics here
you're on a swim team and for your heat
you had the best time but like the very
next very next to you Michael Phelps is
going right you're not gonna hold on to
that lead like well like like that guy
who came in second the the Olympics that
Jesse Owens was running like fastest
time ever that's good it's you know with
with Black Panther doing as well at it
as it has and now infinity war bait
Marvel is Marvel and Disney are just
continuing their reign in the money
printing business
it will still be the highest-grossing
solo superhero film oh sure
so the fuck what well deep people like
putting those caveats on things rich
people like putting those caveats this
did you know that space cop was the
highest-grossing movie starring space
cop that's true that's true and it I'd
finally out grossed the YouTube video
called space cop trailer I have people
like that people like the caveats let
him have let him have him let him have
let the people have the fun rich let the
people have their fun like it's not a
bad life answer it's not a bad movie I
people love it oh shit
I did not remember that that dude was in
here people loved it I don't necessarily
get like the people who love it but yeah
whatever I'm not here to hate
I just never cared
I mean I'll probably see it eventually
right I don't know what to look for me
for black panther I don't get it yeah
pretty is fine nothing for you one of my
least favorite characters in civil war I
wait care that he's got his own movie
right right but that's fine because
you're still gonna see infinity war
because you like other people yeah and
yeah and other people are gonna see
infinity war because they like before
and other people because they like
guardians and other because then i
captain another because they like black
panther infinity war is gonna be nuts
it's just gonna be nuts rich bloodshot
eyeball I'm fairly pumped for infinity
water where am i this ready player one
the movie that beat black panther you
finally will it I think I think it comes
out this weekend okay i but i have
honestly no idea well do you feel bad
for spielberg y sandwiched in between
black panther and infinity war
he's the calm man he's the calm before
the storm no no like it'll be he'll be
fine hopefully I don't know last couple
Spielberg's have been have been uh flops
at least at least at the box office
Pacific Rim - okay oh well yeah after
after Black Panther has been on top for
you know how long now Pacific Rim - did
better than like me out there come here
come here Hammer lady I got a hammer -
oh my hand was better than yours
I think Spielberg as well is well-off
enough to take him okay I said feel bad
not I'm going to go to sleep crying go
faint if Steven Spielberg okay here's
here's why I don't feel bad for see
here's why I don't feel bad for ready
player one because it's ready player one
if it were like some artistic gem that
got washed under the wake of superhero
movies yeah you feel bad for that guy
like the indie flick that's gonna get
washed under the wave of superhero
movies yeah oh I feel bad for that ready
player one let it get washed away I'm
gonna fuck a trailer I saw credited
Spielberg as a cinematic game-changer he
was
he was he absolutely was Black Panther
roses existence to Steven Speilberg
being a thing
the man who basically created the
crowd-pleasing popcorn film oh right
right I forgot how to unlock on to
things for a second day running away in
the crowd a little bit thin the crowd
Spielberg's absolutely a game-changer
look look ready player one might be a
steaming piece of shit yeah I don't I
don't know if it transcends its
nostalgia references I don't know I'm
not I'm not making any kind of claims of
that but Spielberg has done some shit
this time okay that that made the change
the place of Hollywood Oh
word up
absolutely like I if anything I feel bad
that Spielberg is directing ready player
one though I do hear good things about
the movie I've heard nothing but crap
about the book I have heard nothing but
bad things about the blog you're
implying that type of film didn't exist
before Spielberg what was the big dumb
summer blockbuster before jaws well and
remember like not not only is a big dumb
summer blockbuster but genre blockbuster
like that's what's feel okay really bad
like that made a shit ton of money
mhm yeah yeah oh really
all those stupid ass B movies of the 50s
oh yeah though those those movies that
made a ton of money those B movies that
made a ton of money yeah I remember
those I remember those all those ones
that you can get on 100 movie DVD packs
now yeah yeah it's right now it's people
people you come on you people what are
you trying for what sort of Oz and Gone
with the Wind
I don't I don't know that they're really
comparable you know what you Wizard of
Oz comes the closest you might have an
argument with Wizard of Oz absolutely
gone with the wind is not a you know I
was blockbuster for its time but it was
at a dumb popcorn film know that that's
a drama that that's a period piece drama
you got you got an argument with Wizard
of Oz though
absolutely
oh crap okay okay okay oh come on that
you should
what
how are you hitting me with that there
how do you like it The Wizard of Oz took
two-and-a-half decades to make money and
that was through TV oh that's an
interesting fact let's see there you go
I did not know that I also did not know
that
then again much like Louie Anderson last
time I'm just reading things here and
I'm green with it and I'm not
fact-checking that at all that could be
incredibly inaccurate you know your
address park is actually a huge flop oh
oh here you go trash Park that was huge
fine oh that says I'm doing you know I'm
not I'm not I'm not looking into that at
all right fuck it I don't care enough
about The Wizard of Oz to look into this
those details of Oz Wizard of Oz rich
you don't care enough about The Wizard
of Oz sorry guys fine does The Wizard of
Oz have cultural relevance outside of
the US I couldn't tell you as I have
lived my entire life in the US
FairPoint rich that's got cultural
relevance here especially if you're gay
oh yeah oh yeah yeah my uncle had The
Wizard of Oz plates well that could just
be your uncle I don't know that's it but
I guess Judy Garland right maybe yeah
maybe your uncle was just a particular
fan
did I ever do the Dead Rising 2 perfect
stream again like I did it once unless
you're counting my first failure and you
didn't know I did it again then in that
case I did this it was a success
this is the second time I tried maybe
they're just asking if you did a perfect
one again which would be silly cuz yeah
you only have to do a perfect one once
yeah damn fire which friend of Dorothy
was code for gay oh it still is was it
true yeah I'm a friend of Dorothy Ida
well probably about 7 years ago now but
my last my last job before red letter
media I work with a guy who referred to
himself as a friend of Dorothy oh ok
well you learn something new damn Ford a
friend of Dorothy
I don't think I got the thing yet that I
can use and I have I have so many blood
echoes this is uh this is you know I've
opened to the passages do I wimp out I'm
gay and I've never heard of that lumbago
ask you a question then do you live in
the u.s. oh that's that's a great
follow-up question rich Evan yeah or is
this strictly a u.s. gay thing I'm told
I'm gonna wimp out I'm gonna wimp out
and I'm gonna go I live in the EU there
you go there you go
mmm I'll take care of these witches
don't want to take care of these witches
I'm gonna ah nope nope I'm getting out
of here I'm limping
I'm limping right out spend my blood
echoes come back and deal with the
witches super wimp that's me
Jack the super wind getting out of here
running away from witches yeah
now that
how interesting I'm like it when we
could discover new things here on the
show like the importance to Wizard of Oz
in gay culture but what what do you like
that's just for scrolling or scrolling
rich what do you do with your guppy
babies I'm scared to give Guppies for
this reason well one you could make sure
you get all males are all females that
will take care of the problem preferably
all males if you get all females
some of them might already be pregnant
ooh that's entirely possible
good point secondly you can just bring
them back to the pet store
maybe when they get a little older and
they'll probably sell them this feeder
fish but you can bring them back but
they won't be your problem okay
strength and maybe a skill what do you
give me yeah you give me more defense
I'll take that and strengthen a skill
but otherwise other than the
reproduction thing Guppies are great
fish the reproduction thing the rabbits
of the sea other than that fine pets
fine addition to your aquarium
I'll just buy some blood vials I'm not
above I'm not above blam buying blood
vials there they're peaceful the they're
active and really those are the two
primary things what do you want people
to let active you want your really
active is more important you want fish
to look no no you don't want you don't
want you don't want it aggressive fish
that's trying to attack all the other
fish you don't want that you really
don't you know it's a fun show is what
I'm saying you want to show you get pets
for this you're gonna Danny oh that's
missing an eye mm-hmm
you don't want aggressive fish you're
just upset because you missed the action
alright let's go beat some witches I I
once I bought this foolish on my part
admittedly foolish I bought a female
betta I take foolishly thinking that
because it was a female that would be
less aggressive about all the males are
the aggressive ones let me go get a
female and she'll be fine
sure sure the next day one of my Guppies
was missing 75% of its tail I had to
bring the hand to bring the betta bag oh
yeah nurse there's my Gumpy back to hell
it's tail is growing back nicely but it
was mauled the animal kingdom don't know
no gender roles man they'll fuck up
someone my way which is I got other
witches to deal with alright let's do
this let's do this that's awful Richard
was awful I felt terrible I felt like an
idiot but I put a little tiny shark in
my fish tank thinking it would all be
fine so do your research and what kind
of fish is get along with each other
well
why is rich wearing a dress I'm not jack
is wearing a dress and you can take that
up with Jack this is what I think is
funny with my character we're so that's
what I'm wearing
literally I'm only doing this because I
think it's funny
a little wrong yeah yeah they will they
love it
yo how much they mag me to wear a goofy
outfit and Dead Rising oh yeah yeah they
got mad at me because I wasn't putting
on dresses well yeah
part of the fun
no no no I think go go
they dwarf says have you seen the new
animated comedy sci-fi series final
space it's kind of shit but also kind of
good you know what I mean yeah we're
we're familiar with the concept kind of
shit kind of good and I'm definitely
with the show right so
I've not tested it out but I've heard of
you come in here with zero inside these
scythe witches don't spawn oh yeah yeah
Oh big whiff this this fight has never
been hard enough for me to feel the need
to nerf it like that uh-huh
but it's interesting that's the thing
you could probably do
chef tika says hello gents Helen hitman
two good three great blood money
fantastic new one very solid
don't bother with one or absolution also
is a hot dog a sandwich PS could you
bring the thank you fart back where did
it go how just quietly uh hotdog is
technically a sin which I think it's
silly to refer to it as such I mean you
may as well call a taco a sandwich uh
you know I think I'd be okay with that -
well I mean you know like yeah these are
technic you know hotdog is a hotdog is a
sandwich obviously I'm gonna say first
sandwich you need to clearly distinct
separated pieces of bread on either side
of the other ingredients a hotdog is one
bun with a slit in it it's not a
sandwich
mmm cereal however is soup yes now we're
talking
cereal is you heard it here first folks
what about an open-faced sandwich rich
heresy that's just that's just heresy
that's also true and then you send them
to the Inquisition and they you know the
person is tortured until they renounce
the open-faced sandwich mm-hmm
that's how that properly works
I'm absolutely okay with this
what about subway subway they were just
too lazy to cut all the way through it's
a lazy sandwich oh fuck oh no I was
doing so well you're not dead yet you're
not dead yet no oh I know I'm definitely
dead definitely did oh I thought I had
that you got it next time yeah
so subway sells hot dogs
well the essential part of a hot dog is
the the sausage the tube-like thing with
me a hot dog is this you know like um
you know we're we humans are a mammal
right we are we are a we are in the
mammal family but we are our own
distinct version of the mammal family
just like a hot dog is in the sandwich
family but on its own branch okay you
would compare it like a hot dog to a to
a hoagie is like a human and a whale to
you know same family different brain
like like a lobster a fly how far
removed how far exactly no Lobster and
flies that's one of the chat said I
think it's probably a bit more AB maybe
a zebra and a horse whoa maybe you know
I think those far as I get you're a fat
a horse ooh there you go that's good I
like that giraffe and a horse
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo hi everyone I beat
you once that's all I care about
I'll fuck you your mama's gong sis's
random question check yeah I know you
have boys that's true
you children if you had a girl what
would you want to name her oh you know
if I ever have a daughter I'll name her
furiosa
ha ha you won't you won't because I
probably your significant other won't
let you but um you know we obviously we
just have something we never had to
really worry about I'm trying to think
of what you know we came up with a bunch
of ID's rich any desire to have kids in
the future no not really honestly I'm
probably getting too old for a little
bit old to start now you know it's it's
one of those things where you have to
think about when your kids get older
yeah and when they're when they actually
start turning fun how old do you want to
be but
yeah Marya
gotcha shazbot you know I'd probably go
something pretty basic
as far as naming girls and like a like
like a Maggie Maggie like Maggie maybe
maybe I do something fun or like Meg
like namer Megan no Leah but caller
Maggie okay
I like Maggie okay that's fairly basic
but yeah I'm okay with that it's
something I have never had to put much
thought into
after you continue the Evans legacy I
had to mercifully let it die what
where you come from where you coming
from
where are you bidi gee shots thank you
for the tip you say doesn't horrible I
just don't feel like reading it great
none of us as I watched the rule
recently and absolutely hated it
yeah okay that's kind of the point of
the room all the funny parts I'd seen on
YouTube and the rest was just boring
nonsense it was an utter waste of time I
recommend to no one know would you
recommend the funny parts get up get up
you dink I don't think the problem is
the room I think the problem is you had
it spoiled for you I think that's the
problem
there you go seeing the room for the
first time is an experience absolutely
as someone who has recently watched the
room I can I can open and watch it with
some people you know you can enjoy it
with yeah fuck oh dang it
gosh dang it no the room is an absolute
experience and like even for me I like
I'm kind of basically aware of the room
oh are you saying
having the story spoiled is important
like it matters no I'm saying having the
joke spoiled yes
having relaxed I didn't enjoy my viewing
of Austin Powers because literally every
joke in the movie was spoiled for me
move-move-move wait there's two witches
get out of here
I thought that was the witch with the
low health it's like kill her as someone
who has kind of been like peripherally
aware of the room yeah I was not
prepared for my first viewing of the
room yeah it's so much weirder than you
think it's going to be like I had seen
the the the scene where he walks into
the pet store yeah hi doggy out of out
of context where it just happens exactly
like and I'm like I watched that scene I
was like oh yeah this is a bad movie
like hi mark you're my favorite customer
hi doggy
that scene I've said like I've seen bits
and pieces but I was still not fully
prepared for how truly weird that the
entire movie is it's it's an alien
experience it's and it's gorgeous you
know I was really lucky I had found a
group of my friends who had not seen who
had also not seen the movie and I got to
enjoy it with you know friends who yeah
also like watching bad movies and who
hadn't seen the room and so I could see
how watching it with a certain crowd
would diminish the effects but oh man
what a what a movie I say you see that
well then I don't think they've done it
at the the Oriental in a while the
theater downtown yeah but last last
couple of times I went there were so
many people it was so loud you it'd be a
terrible place to see the movie for the
first time yes it's one of those like
Rocky Horror Picture Show things where
everyone like you know brings props yeah
and it's kind of a dickhead about it
yeah for tonight please rich Evans know
and don't like multiplayer shooters
but rich this is a multiplayer shooter
that a lot of people are playing I know
this is that probably why I won't like
it does that change your mind at all
no some reason whenever I try to play a
multiplayer shooter I just turned to a
fucking idiot
it happens it's not necessarily your
fault
as Jack later you have played for them I
have played for now I've played for
tonight it's not bad I like in fact
there's a lot of aspects to it that I
enjoy more than pub G I think you know
one of the one of the big selling points
with fortnight is the building component
and it's really interesting I actually
find the tearing down aspect of that a
little more interesting where someone
thinks you know they're in a building
and they're safe and they have cover but
then you can literally just tear down
the wall mm-hmm
and I think that's really cool it's
better than pub G rich Evans well yeah
but I'm I'm sure Final Fantasy 7 is
better than final fantasy 5 I'm not
gonna like either of these things right
so it's interesting yeah and actually
you know now I've been getting a little
time into both pub G and fortnight
mobile because I think they're very
interesting games you can play both
games on your cell phone now for free
Pub G on your cell phone is double
interesting because it's it's populated
with BOTS so you can actually win a game
BOTS yeah on the mobile version no
different is the mobile version I mean
you know I have to measure is bad like
it should be a different game pretty
much right no no it's it's actually
shocking it's shockingly the same how
the fuck does a mobile online shooter
control very poorly they have a misis
and they need a mist
you're not you're not gonna get me but
because it's populated with bots you can
fuck you fuck you you witch
you already got me running away running
away running away running away continent
which continent witches dang it I mean
it controls are horribly because it's
all touch controls right
but because the bots are there it's not
so bad because you can you know because
they're dumb and you can kill them shit
there you are
so it's not bad I had oh do you like
arcade beta mom such as final fight and
Double Dragon
Oh a lot more when I was younger when I
was a kid final fight Double Dragon was
the shiznit I was more of a final fight
fan yeah yeah oh yeah yeah that was the
one where he like you were the burly
mayor right that final fight yes yes and
like you're you're like the mayor but
you're also like a shirtless man and
it's like suspenders like it's so
fucking weird that that Ninja Turtles
game oh yeah turtle game was off the
hook
neighbors watched nostalgia for those
these days oh yeah don't hate them I
guess that's fair no no dink dink dink
dink dink move
is there another witch around here
somewhere I thought I killed one of you
already TNT or TMNT turtles in time I
played bull I probably had more time in
turtles in time just because my comic
book store had an arcade cabinet of it I
probably spent more time with the TMNT
not the turtles in time personally I
don't think I've ever even I probably
seen a stand-up of that at some point in
time turtles in time I think I've only
played that on the Super Nintendo
yeah that's part where I have my time
into it yeah
the one I wanted you to hit right there
yeah I see just got finally I'll you
need to get the one hit I think she's
underneath oh yeah oh yeah no no no no
no I got help like a help I got help I
got help gosh dang it I got help I got
help I got the help she just need one
good swing
you know I know I got to get out of
there first though no you needed to take
it you needed to take it no no oh God
thanks mark plants Martin the smart move
would have been to just take that last
hit get her dead you did Jack alright
it's great nice OHS good evening good
sirs who's reading of Edgar Allan Poe
The Raven do you prefer Christopher
Walken or James Earl Jones James Earl
Jones ed Oquendo says Spielberg recently
said that Netflix doesn't deserve Oscar
nominations because they don't screen
their films and theatres F fuck him
see look look the Oscars need to be hip
with the future and the future is online
streaming yeah it it doesn't and you
know Khan just did this to Khan is no
longer accepting movies from that
whatever and pretentious fuck I'm gonna
both sides it for a second before coming
down hard on one side here uh-huh I get
it we're having your movie in a movie
theater you used to mean a certain level
of prestige yeah it doesn't mean that
anymore and people who make movies for
movie theaters are whiny crybabies about
it yeah get over it if a movie is made
and distributed on YouTube it should it
should have equal playing field and just
about anything then is there gonna be a
line blurred and what's a movie well
feature feature like 40 minute Netflix
exclusive 45 that's not a feature lanxin
well you know I guess the other the
other if we're gonna both sides it the
other side of that is for Oscars
what counts as a movie and right now
their requirements for what counts as an
oscar-worthy movie is already ridiculous
like it needs to screen at least once in
Los Angeles at one specific theater like
yeah like the criteria is already so
fucked and skewed fuck them like I want
to say there's one theater in Los
Angeles that only does like week-long
screenings of specific movies so they
can be Oscar contenders yeah that's it
Spielberg Coulson everything Netflix
does made-for-tv Spielberg as an old man
who is de Stahl shit for the silver
screen yes the future is is streaming
and the the death of the the
theater-going experience eventually you
know it'll still be around I don't think
we're gonna see the death of the
theater-going experience we're just
going to see it severely diminished that
maybe you can still go see a play you
can currently still go see a play and so
I'm going to say you will still be able
to see movies in a movie theater
nope
that being said I yeah it's these are
old these are old babies these are old
babies who want their movies in their
movie theaters which is movie theater F
Ethics in the u.s. really so bad do
people really clap in movies yeah
sometimes they do yeah and you know what
sometimes it's okay I'm okay with people
clapping movies something awesome
happens the one of the joys of going to
see a movie in a movie theater is crowd
reaction and sometimes it can be a very
positive thing I think the big screen TV
I can I can I can make myself some need
yeah or I can even go out and get
something to eat and it's not gonna cost
me like a like a thirty dollar slice of
movie Pizza $15 tub of popcorn right $72
drinks well but by the way you can combo
that so the whole thing only cost 120
hours and a 12 dollar movie that you get
one viewing of you know you can come you
can call me and all an old cry an old
crybaby but there is something about the
movie going experience that that can be
really nice that you know like when when
you go to see a comedy and the entire
crowd laughs with you it is an
experience and I love that when you see
a movie and there's that moment where
like the entire you can't you could hear
the crowd is so silent that you could
hear a pin drop at just the right moment
you can feel that excitement in the air
I love that I love the movie theater
going experience but I also enjoy you
know pausing it so I can go to the
bathroom ain't nothing wrong with that
oh shit dude the dude in here rich
shut-in evans what is wrong with that
nothing you say that like it's a bad
thing there's nothing wrong with wanting
to watch a movie in your house and I'm
not gonna say it's I'm superior to you
because I want to watch a movie up in my
house but I fail to see what is wrong
with that do either of you use movie
pass I don't because I can said I'm
mister I'll wait like I'm watching at
home
ya know I've looked into movie pass and
I'm still very skeptical about movie
pass and so I don't even want to start
with it it like it I I think it was just
on sale recently to where it's only like
seven bucks a month and then you get to
see one free movie a day yeah and I
would really like that but it seems very
skip then you got how many how many
seats you know I mean you got a family
to take with well oh yeah well so it's
more than seven a month well and it
would only yeah that's the thing it
would only work for me going to see a
movie by myself and then if I wanted to
see a movie with the family I'd have to
buy their tickets separately then buy my
ticket with my movie pass and hope that
I'd be able to get our seats together
and yeah it'd be a big old cluster for
movie passes or forget for movie passes
yeah
okay Mort echoes from slaying enemies
that's nice
Johnny gadfly says hey Jack and Rich you
guys crack me up here's some cash for
making me smile thank you
thank you much
great we can fortify oh we can you still
can't beat a good quality theater audio
system for big spectacles that's and
that's Jackson see kara can't stand that
she'll bring earplugs to movies really
yeah interests yeah
too loud yep too loud for and and you
know the the downside of that is some
theaters especially like the older
theaters we have a couple like older art
house theaters here have really shitty
sound system to the point where I don't
even want to go see and I even see a
regular moving there because it's so
damn echoey in the theater that's why
there are her her house do this yes and
you know that's very true I see multiple
people asking me about gargoyles I
haven't responded to it because I don't
have strong feelings towards gargoyles
it was a as a fine cartoon show I was
about to ask the cartoon or the eight
statues and built it I presume the
cartoon okay I like I watched it
famously had a lot of TNG voice actors
but you know shows fun yeah I was fine
there you go hi Joe I thought that was
fine
nice
wait it's the poison effect no to them I
soon talk about Batman the Animated
Series then and how awesome it was
well we've we've done that before any
any updates on I don't know what you're
calling it now Christopher Nolan
Bailey's Bale's Batman Christian Bale's
Batman the Animated Series yeah I've
gotten a couple segments done it's
actually really the the most difficult
part like I was saying before let's
explain what this is so I do a
ridiculous
Christian Bale Batman impression yeah
and rich and I thought it would be
really funny if I over dubbed an entire
episode of batman the animated series
with Christian Bale's Batman voice yeah
and it is it's very funny and so I found
a great episode I have been working on
it so there's two hard things one is
matching the pace of what's the voice
actors name Kevin Conroy okay you cheat
that a bit slow down the animation Norse
I know you got I'm trying to I'm trying
to you know get it as right as possible
do a loop of the mouth cone but that
leads to the second problem which is
replacing all the other noises and so
like if there is score underneath I have
to find that segment of score earlier or
later in the scene and yeah dub it in
get all of the sound effects dub doors
you can you know what you can probably
cheat that I I will bet you there's
Batman the Animated Series soundtrack
there is and even if it's not the same
score they use that episode just find
something just generic Batman the
Animated Series music to put over you
going over but well but see it yeah I
wanna I'm trying to keep as much of the
original audio as possible I know so
it's it's happening just slowly is Jack
they released the whole soundtrack on CD
oh yeah no I have bits of it
I have bits of it for this very project
that's not a more like scooby-doo lol
well Jake Jack's the one that does the
voice oh and my voice well I think I've
discovered it is scooby Doo
yeah it's Scooby Shaggy this is
available but if you get rid of the oh
yeah yeah yeah that Scooby does then it
returns a Batman Superman myself right
so right so it's very similar Scooby Doo
and Batman are very similar they're very
very similar so there is my Scooby and
my Bale's Batman are very very similar
like I said it's just I'm on the back
burner I work on it here and there wait
is he doing it over Bale or over the
animated he's doing Bale over the
animated right I'm replacing the perfect
Kevin Conroy with the ridiculous
Christian Bale and it's you know like
sometimes it's difficult because Kevin
Conroy
is great as Batman and and you know like
the understatement but yes he's perfect
as Batman and you know he's delivering
these like I'm doing um what's the
episode it's the one where he's trying
to like take down the the gangster
rivalry and one of them one of them has
a brother who's a priest
yeah he's you know he's just like trying
to convince him to do the right thing
trying to reform him exactly he's not
trying to beat him up he's trying to
turn him into the good guy yeah yeah and
you know he's giving these Batman
speeches and you know what was the wife
say you
have to have subtitles bells Batman
voice was great and begins nope nope no
no what I've been doing every time and I
forgot to do last time I forgot the bow
tuba don't know you've got a bout of the
dolt
look I hate to break this to you for the
73rd time but Christian Bale is the
worst thing about the Christopher Nolan
Batman movies yes with Batman is the
worst aspect of the Batman films hands
down without a doubt the his his
batmanning
is ridiculous
where do I need to go those bells voice
up to bail or Nolan's decision doesn't
matter they it's what they went with
that's what matters
I I have I have read interviews or heard
interviews where Christian Bale has said
that he wanted to go with a otherworldly
demonic voice like I think it was bales
call worried about he's like you know in
bales head and he's an actor he's a good
actor I like Christian Bale okay okay
good actor but he was getting into and
he's like you know if I was trying to do
a be a creature of the night I would was
I think he chose that voice specifically
they're like you know like no that was
my dark demon voice holy crap does it
not work where do I go now should we uh
slap around hop Oh gene ghoul a little
bit and see if we can beat up some
bagman go for it
but I I believe it was something
Christian and so like it doesn't matter
if it was bales idea and Christopher
Nolan said okay or if it was Nolan's I
being Bale said okay they're they're
both account held accountable he's
trying to disguise his voice but look
I'm not gonna say many nice things about
Batman vs Superman or the Justice League
but then they should have gone that
route oh yeah here he is the voice
changer and technology cuz it's so much
better the digital Batman voice of
Batman vs Superman of the Justice League
is so much better than Christian Bale
barking because Batman is not barking
Batman is not barking the only goal was
to change your voice voice changer yeah
I think that that was a that's a good
way to do it but also you know and
obviously the the animation has a little
to do with it hate hate to bring up the
master here but Kevin Conroy was able to
get two distinct voices with his Batman
and his Bruce Wayne arguably arguably if
you're gonna if you're gonna be a super
nerd about it yeah well they're not so
different that you wouldn't be able to
tell they're the same person but then
you have to realize this takes place in
the same universe with Superman no one
knows that it's Clark Kent who doesn't
change his voice or do anything to
disguise his face and people can't tell
them apart
right so it's fine
I remember you I remember you miss lady
he shakes his head really fast that is
true and that wasn't explanation they
used ones for Superman I don't I'd what
and and in some version of one of DC's
many continuities the explanation for
for Superman not wearing a mask was
every time he heard somebody taking a
picture he would shake his head really
quick so the picture would be blurry
really yes really I think that was that
was like minute it was John bright I
think that's a dumb idea they you know
dumb idea they do that in the flash show
sometimes the CW flash show they have
the flash to move his face so fast that
you can't see and every time they do it
it looks ridiculous and it's dumb uh-huh
yeah there are look every time somebody
tries to take a picture of the Statue
Superman flies in and shakes the statue
really quick technically speaking he's
so fast he could do that
jesus H criminy I need fact-checking for
this I want to say I want to say this is
mentioned in John Burns Man of Steel
miniseries I could be wrong but I kind
of remember them having that explanation
there the head shaking
I know not of this head shaking so I
like I said I know they've done that in
the flash TV show a couple times and
every time they do it I shake my head if
you know what I'm saying mm-hmm you do
because it changes his demeanor rich
well and I guess that that's the real
point is is is whether it's a change in
your cadence a change in your posture
you should be able to as an actor figure
out a way to do that without sounding
like a growling maniac for the person in
the chat who missed it in in at some
point in the comics I want to say mid
80s with John Byrne okay the explanation
for super men keeping his secret
identity was that whenever somebody
tried to take a picture of Superman he
would know they were going to take a
picture with us like super-hearing
and he would shake his head real quick
so the picture would be blurry every
time it is so dumb that I I want it to
be true because it's so dumb man that's
the worst
that's just the worst man I don't think
I was supposed to be here yet I don't
think this area is open to me and these
guys says what if they just stand there
with a camera and wait for him to stop
shaking his head oh no super mad is
super fast and super smart yes super
hearing
so he'd stay still until he heard the
fingers starting to click the button and
then he would shake his head because his
super hearing is so good he can react
faster doesn't matter it just doesn't
matter it's dumb is the only thing
what if they have a really fast shutter
speed Superbad is really fast you can
might beat the flag he can beat the
flash
doing this slightly out of order because
it's relevant to know okay go aimless
Coursera says regarding people
recognizing Superman's face no I'm
pretty sure everybody knows Clark Kent
is Superman they're just too afraid of
him to confront him about it that's
plausible yeah I'm okay that's plausible
that doesn't explain why Lex Luthor
wouldn't go after Mon pop Kent though
you don't want to piss off Superman he's
Lex Luthor right it makes his living
pissing off Superman that's true
anonymous says I read in Wikipedia that
the retcon that the s on Superman's
chest doesn't just stand for Superman
it's a family crest for the house of L
was Marlon Brando's idea in the 78 film
is that true Oh
might be I don't really remember and
it's it's hard like DC and there many
many continuities and the minor
differences between continuities I don't
I don't know I don't know when the
shield wasn't an S and when it was a
hope and and when it was a family crest
I don't know it was one of them hopes
definitely a hope there I remember oh
definitely a hope hello doggy incognito
and says just saw Tomb Raider I was
amazed they somehow found a way to
distill the essence of mediocrity down
to its purest form and injected directly
into my eyeballs Wow Wow
strong words from incognito lens about
the Tomb Raider film that that is all
I've heard about the Tomb Raider film
yes is is like like as mad as you can
get Tomb Raider gets you there as mad as
you want to go hello doggy if you're
gonna do a Tomb Raider movie didn't you
kind of need to go cheese ball cheese
cheese cake and cheesy a little bit yeah
it's got to be a little talking to you
know like if you're gonna do to murder
it's just you make Indiana Jones with a
hot girl bloom and Indiana Jones was
kind of cheesy sometimes do it it's so
easy I don't know why they don't do that
there you are listen to Motorhead says
hey guys I have all the movie critics on
YouTube
I find myself agreeing with you most are
there any other YouTube critics you
watch III I've enjoyed that scene I've
enjoyed a little bit of Jim sterling
yeah yeah it's seeing Jim or good film
critics no it's not like there's
anything I well well wait wait one made
major exception I almost watch none
except for uh occasionally Midnight's
edge okay I don't know that they they do
stuff oh they do they like to do large
breakdowns after the fact like his fan
for Fantastic Four what went wrong I'm
sure is the story and here's what we
think but down behind the scenes let's
lesson review and more of a deaf like a
Hollywood Reporter okay
yeah there's a few I watch there's
there's a channel called like that I
guess they do similar things there's one
called pop-culture detective that more
just goes like random thought essays
with movie you know involved with movies
every frame of the painting who no
longer makes videos unfortunately what's
is a foldable human that does really fun
breakdowns here's an amazing video on on
Suicide Squad the editing of Suicide
Squad and just like everything that
could you could possibly mistake with
Suicide Squad Lindsey Ellis III watch I
guess I don't watch any like current
movie review shows i watch like like you
said people who take movies and then
break them down after the fans yeah
there's a ton of them not having said
that yeah and but I like Midnight's edge
I haven't I haven't watched Midnight's
edge in a while and I don't know how
they're doing now that they don't have
the Sony lead to work off of anymore
the Sony they did a lot with stuff Sony
in the Sony League behind the scenes is
what happened according to leaks oh okay
I got you I made a grave mistake my last
time and now I've lost so many blood
echoes that was a bag man at the end man
at the end of this and I thought it was
just a regular dude so I went in all
willy-nilly but now that I know it's a
bag man I can handle the situation
I you and another piggy comes over here
hello Peggy Ben let's head just not so
good now
like I kind of thought that might be the
case we got a lot of mileage and but to
be fair I haven't I haven't watched
something they've done in a while now
sure that's that's just cause a lot of
my YouTube watching is fairly sporadic
sure
how do I get him fuck okay okay okay
think he's got my blood it goes to
you're facing a noise I might be able to
might be able to surprise him here which
Lex Luthor refuses to believe Clark and
Superman are the same person
that's you know that's not a bad thing
that's a fun little twist Lex Luthor Lex
Luthor would have trouble believing that
somebody with the powers and abilities
of Superman would be content as a farm
boy newspaper reporter yep
that's just a fun bit of
characterization for Lex Luthor his Lex
Luthor has all the tools at his disposal
but his ego gets in the way
yeah impossible I refuse to believe that
so many blood echoes
that's from John Byrne not the head sure
whatever I never said everything John
Byrne did with Superman was terrible I
never said that just the face shaking
thing is just comical the face shakin
thing is dumb but John Byrne as much as
I hate things he's done in the past he
is the one who kind of brought
Superman's parents back to the forefront
oh yeah yeah oh then he's good people
he's good people III really that's
that's that's my favorite he highlighted
the farm boy yeah yeah he gave him
parents to go home to made Superman nice
and relatable he just went home mom pie
flew there from metropolis every now and
then to have dinner with his family you
know like like a normal person would do
that kind of thing there right right
there that just makes Superman warm and
likeable jump out at me and I never know
how you pronounce his name it's B why
are any birth ayran or burner a yearns
yeah I believe that's burn it's burned
that's how I would pronounce it so
obviously I'm absolutely incorrect
they're just my brain always just wants
to drop out the why entirely and call
him Brian Brian might wants to put the
why after the are well sure sees that
name where there's really no bag man
over here that's gonna jump out at me
other side for the street oh yeah I got
that one hard yeah you're fine over here
there's some behind the church you know
there's there's one by the the tinnitus
yeah I got tournement I do zoos yeah I
got all the madman's knowledge I could
wand yeah he's getting good now is this
really the next boss what the next boss
the this guy no you're gonna go through
the snake yeah I know I I don't know how
to get to the snake for us at the moment
you I can tell you where to go I mean I
want to where am i oh here this is my
room I just got some new outfits so I'm
welcome yeah I mean doll skirts still
pretty good I could I could buff up my
my outfit a little bit I think I got a
better helmet though black hooded iron
helm gives me better bass defense that
could be me how his current will be
Clark Kent going to explain his
resurrection um nobody gives you shit
that's exactly right
oh yeah look at that that's a great
outfit no one gives a shit and and it's
it's not gonna be brought up in the next
movie if there is a next movie as Jack
beat dark beast pearl I believe he has I
have I have beat the dark beast puddle
all whooped his ass with my hammer he
was he was no trouble for me whatsoever
ask them about that before which didn't
seem too fond of event horizon I my
thoughts on the event horizon is it's
it's actually a fine doom ripoff I
remember to bring more
jump-scares than I like the natural
horror that you know that was a good
doom prequel is event horizon yeah
that's the setup for a doom yeah the vet
horizon is a great doom prequel that's
fine yeah this is all I can do here oh
wait okay why can't I open those doors
yet I don't think I excuse me I don't
think I can
better than the actual doom movie oh I I
never even saw the actual do movie with
Dwayne the rock Johnson because a you
could you could tell they didn't get it
though the the the first-person section
is very rather funny that's cute
but I don't think that would even be a
like other than just being a reference
haha doom was the first person game on
how they're doing the first person
that's cute yeah does it actually make
for a good sequence of the film no okay
then I can go fuck off the key the key
ingredient of well the key ingredients
of doom yeah low marine that's that you
know what low marine and demons from
hell
and some kind of Spacey environment hmm
but demons from hell not mutant virus--
things or aliens no demons from hell
it's the juk what makes two interesting
is the juxtaposition of science fiction
and old-timey Christian horror Satan's
gonna get you yeah like how you
futuristic scientific society hell is
real and it's coming to get you because
your science has opened up a doorway to
biblical help
that is metal as fuck that is absolutely
metal as fuck I'm with you I can be with
you a hundred percent on this rich
there's a lot of things that we can
disagree on but the metalness of doom is
not one of them no idea what you're
talking about with doom bridge isn't
necessarily lone Marine the gay but
fucking co-op like go fuck yourself you
ain't all the son of a bitch guys
co-op plate look at these really really
rich did you ever notice this what the
little slug statues look it's a little
slow boring slug statues just hidden in
plain sight oh by the way I don't mean
to take away I don't mean anything away
how much of a dickhead that person is
whoever robot I'm on being the dick to
go fuck themselves
well I'm admittedly being the dickhead
but just such a anal comment the game
had co-op how many people played doom
co-op oh right original doom yeah but
besides the developers
nope nope nope
actually rich it was pedantic okay I'll
take pedantic I'm not gonna get me which
dear oh oh that's right you only give
pebbles I love those riches they can
murti with one grab and then they only
give you a pebble all right great
all right I think I got enough I think
I'm good I gotta go find those woods now
remember damn woods are are they on the
other side of the invisible I'm on ghoul
and for the person who made that the
dummkopf don't go fuck yourself I mean
unless that's what you're into we don't
know but don't take that insult too
seriously that's what I'm getting at I
don't actually hate you
I just really enjoy saying go fuck
yourself I've talked about this before
haven't I
what go fuck yourself no you I don't
know if you've ever given an explanation
as to why you enjoy a phrase go fuck you
go fuck yourself is the single most
satisfying sentence in the English
language
okay please elaborate every time you say
it it's just a catharsis well you you
you you you hit that point where you're
fed up with somebody else's shit and you
just let go go fuck yourself
I'm done I'm out of this I'm done go
fuck yourself better go fuck yourself is
saying go fuck yourself is better than
saying I love you it feels better
wow that's quite that's quite a big deal
there the hammer charged are to attack
has an art to follow up that sends
enemies flying good to know thank you
okay I gotta get at least one strength
out of vitality and you're saying 24
endurance is as high as I as a as a per
as a skilled person usually goes yeah
this is what you do I mean you do it you
do it matter this is just what I've read
you try no matter what I'm just I'm
going like full-blown strength we're
reading somebody saying the benefits
aren't worth it after 20 you don't need
that much endurance and your benefits
from poison immunity go way down after
20 okay I'm okay with them yeah I should
put more into scale anyway
farewell good hunter may you find your
worth in the waking world okay give her
a little little bow
Thank You doll okay so after charge are
to do an hour - oh yeah that that looks
great just every last bit of my stamina
though well you keep getting stamina
regularly up to 40 I think
well the argument I've heard was you
don't you don't need that much it is
my money's plenty the argument is
diminishing returns like why spend those
blood echoes when you're not really
gonna use them Yeah right which you know
which is fair might it might be the case
I'm not gonna that's that's really it's
just an excuse to let me buy some more
strength actually I've heard if for for
PvP purposes yeah there's some people
who just don't level endurance at all
they keep it at the base so they can
shove all of their points into other
things really interests
very interesting I guess we'll keep the
saw spear
we're gonna store just gonna store
everything I don't even know I'm gonna
keep a pistol because I might want my
pistol now we only have the hammer I've
only used the hammer I've always kept
like the the the saw spear as a backup
like now if I get in that really tough
fight I'm gonna want that sauce beer but
like I've never used it why why even use
it I'm still gonna keep my she get for
selling it I know I didn't sell just oh
oh I just don't I guess I could sell it
but I just stored it I guess I could
sell all my other weapons if I'm not
gonna use them right sure that give me
extra points for upgrades wait oh you
mean just sell them never know keeping a
pistol just cuz my mom did that pistol
yeah all right let's see if I can find
the rich yes with the woods are they on
the other side of the invisible thing
they're kind of somewhere up in the the
big castle area near Amelia that big
courtyard with the big guys there's a
path you go through and there I believe
that leads to the door that you need the
password for the password you got from
beating Amelia that's right that's right
oh the church passed the AI yeah yeah
yeah um where was that where was it oh I
remember I remember that was if we start
at some drum Amelia it's pretty close er
starting from current Cathedral where
you beat Amelia that's right in the area
it's downstairs from there oh yeah I
guess both are probably I could go
through the ward - you could I don't
know that I'm thinking about it's pretty
not that big a difference if I go if I
start from Amelia though I can take out
those wooden block guys pretty easy so
as you wish let's go to the grand
Cathedral in
saying go fuck yourself feels better
than saying I love you fuck you know
what go fuck yourself okay everybody
here's my argument for this I'm with you
when you love somebody you say I love
you a lot that's true how often do you
get to really genuinely tell someone
you're sick of go fuck yourself it's how
often does that happen
so I told Karen I love you multiple
times a day and it's great it's great
but how often do you get to just tell
someone go it's fuck it's like saying I
love you for the first time yes yes by
the way I fully accept this argument
this is this is fantastic I'm with you
100% it has the emotional resonance of
telling someone you love them for the
first time go fuck yourself
hey there big guy
Suns getting real low blood-borne I know
do club is very important to you
don't take my go fuck yourself too
seriously it was pretty it was pretty
damn anal man that's all I'm saying
that's all I'm saying
guy
ergh that arts it's talking about cinema
have you seen any good new movies from
the past six months I've always given up
on Hollywood at this point I don't need
Superman 9 or whatever awesome thanks
for best of the worst oh really
Lady Bird how long ago was spider-man
homecoming yeah we're close I'm probably
more than six months it was a good
summer last summer
yeah I saw Lady Bird recently and I will
put that right up there with Iron Man 3
as a goddamn perfect movie
Lady Bird is is a you know coming-of-age
teen drama yep and I have never seen a
movie that more perfectly encapsulates
that time when you are a teenager just
at the verge of becoming an adult like
that that like unawareness of being a
teenager verging burgeoning on the
responsibilities of being an adult I've
never seen a movie nail it as much as
Lady Bird it is god damn perfect what
about Anne I know I know I want to see
that I very rarely go to the movies I
really want to see it usually when I go
to the movies it's for work but usually
there's some exceptions
do you know what fuck it I can take you
guys do hey last Jedi have made me quit
Star Wars made me realize what a
misdirection the new trilogy was with
returning to rebels vs Empire what else
do you do it's Star Wars what else you
do with it seriously like I have no idea
what you do with Star Wars it's not
rebels versus the Empire I wouldn't be
making these movies though yeah was over
here but you got to remember that
there's the brain sucker
hey brain no no no you're not the brain
sucker you're a crow god dammit god
dammit no no no you're not gonna suck my
brain brain sucker get out of here yeah
fuck it brain ii someone else brain I
really like the last jet I didn't say it
was horrible good good reset the
blessing of the prequels is no matter
what Star Wars does no better than the
prequels right no matter what they do
rogue one better than prequels oh hello
friend
is that a challenge oh look if Star Wars
wants to go and make something worse
than the prequels I'm game
do it do it give it back to Georgia
there's something I want to tell you a
bit of wisdom from the eminent master
Luke arias once a scholar betrayed his
fellow was at Bourbon wife Beth in