Episode 071
A brief Spire run
April 18, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANdV65o3Hgo
___________________________________________

what about the new FTL guys game it's
not bad I don't think it's bad but
honestly just cannot actually kind of
forgot about it I'll tell you the truth
okay I have to kind of I've been playing
viscera cleanup detail
yeah it's just kind of it's it's it's
simple it's nice but it is just kind of
black unfortunately all right see how
this goes oh sure but and your earliest
convenience if you could turn the music
up it's all right in the game you have a
chat about cuz cuz that's how you roll
it is but we need a little background
noise thank you Jack you spent 30
minutes cleaning up your own bloody
footprints it's true and I found that
incredibly engaging yet I don't find the
same thing for into the breach which
should speak volumes about into the
breach or viscera cleanup detail either
one is ghost
breach is a perfectly competent game I'm
gonna take anger or hoping I get
something relic why's that plus its
strength for using three attacks sure
sure then you can just keep making anger
anger anger yeah yeah something psycho
your deck quickly good workout
what do you have what you have to do is
gather up all the guts and body parts
incinerated them ven mom yes I've
discovered that but you see they let me
discover that it wasn't it wasn't there
was no tutorial on how to properly clean
up everything it was a it was a joyful
gameplay moment of discoveries finding
the best way to claim finding the
perfect rhythm with the laser gun brings
up your bullet holes when I went back to
that first level and played it by myself
I got a tiara sorry 96% clean 96 percent
clean and part of me just thinks what
did I miss
what did I miss what could I have missed
man I don't think I can get behind
taking anger over flex I don't think
flexes that great I mean it's like was a
when you upgraded three or four for
extra strength for one term sure it can
pair well with something it can pair
well with certain cards let's say let's
say you get get five cards in your hand
yeah you get flex two shields and two
strikes and you're only getting like a
little bit extra on those tools yeah but
it's a you know what it works cuz it's a
free card for me it's a free card but I
go scar wings arc says flex is good to
make a good deck better but it doesn't
start a deck okay and that's a good way
to put it you can't build a deck off of
flex
but like something like flex with anger
could potentially work well as long as
you could get cycle your cards and draw
more cards because remember just having
flex in your hand means that something
else isn't in your hand
oh no this game again this game's great
this game is great I don't know what's
wrong with you man
okay good get you get out of town get
right on this game's great oh that
wouldn't help I wouldn't have helped me
oh that's a great price which ones you
get the cycle through your deck really
quick draw three cards oh yeah yeah
nothing yeah yeah that's a great one
that'll work that'll work great with
anger now you got something I need
something to give that anchor more
purpose I have a this is just a complete
dice roll if I find a relic that'll work
nice with it yeah let me need if that
works is what I'm doing yeah s in 1984
says hey rich and Jack do any of you
play clash royale for smartphones it's a
3d card game where you place units on
the map and destroy a player's Tower to
win then playing it every day for two
years in a row nope nope sorry
you won't like did you tard French guy
for this great guy yeah that that wasn't
necessarily you know hypothetical
someone else who clash royale doesn't
necessarily have the vigorous fan base
that fan base that say Lord of the Ring
has
smooth just so try that's how I describe
the Lord of the Rings movies dry I think
that's accurate but I still like them
you find them you fight your fine to
like them I think like you know what you
said where they're generic fantasy is
true but it was also the thing that
invented generic fantasy and so you have
to kind of give it that that's fine I
just I've never been big on generic
fantasy right all right listen
gaaah brands and ogres and yeah
how do I feel about Dave Chappelle he's
a very funny comedian Rach how do you
feel about Dave Chappelle it's fine okay
I have no strong feelings in Dave
Chappelle all right I have not seen
either of his new stand-up specials but
I have seen him perform live and I've
seen many of his stand-up specials and I
think he's very funny I know he famously
left his own show and he may be a crazy
man yes and famously left is very
successful yes I did success yes for
reasons I don't fully understand but
obviously he didn't but I do think he's
a very talented stand-up comedian oh god
those days
oh dude dude dude 28th dress as curious
why don't you guys have premium content
for patreon subscribers because rich and
I don't have a patreon like $5 a month
gets access to special videos reviews
etc it seems like you could make good
money from that which and I don't have
anything to do we don't have a patreon
for previously recorded and that's
that's uh that's a question that's above
our pay grade man question for someone
else
yes let's fire
crocodile brain says Jesus stream tips
sucks so badly
inside the twitch Android app I'm very
sorry crocodile brain
anyways rich any dirt not liking Lord of
the Rings for being generic is like not
liking Halloween because it's too cliche
or or or how about this it's like not
liking rice cakes because they're too
bland the rice cakes might have invented
the low calorie snack food I just don't
care about that they're not terrible I
don't hate the movies oh those are the
ringtones all I just don't get excited
about them they're there they happened
rich now by the way spoiler alert
that's what Project Hornet is its riches
epic 8-hour teardown of the entire Lord
of the Rings trilogy we've been editing
it for years rich has been working on
the script for his epic Lord of the
Rings teardown oh you guys he speaks
truth
well you want a hangar right I'm not I'm
not I'm not feeling it
no I'm not feeling it it doesn't
necessarily work run is gonna be a
disaster
hey sow disaster yet
I think pontiff pilot puts it very
quickly he says if people understood the
concept of personal taste all of these
arguments would never happen I know it's
crazy I know it's okay that rich doesn't
know it's it's absolutely not because
they need me to love Lord of the Rings
exactly as much or more than they love
the Lord of the Rings I think that's
what they really want they really want
like like I really like Lord of the
Rings and they want you to be a super
nerd about larger rings absolutely so
anyway anyway rich any Dark Souls 3 tips
nope No
ji Schatz says rich Jack just saw the
rlm a review of Freddy got fingered was
wondering what's your quick opinion of
the film thanks for the stream I haven't
seen it either vine that was an extra
quick because this film called Freddy
got fingered starring started do you
guys know who Tom Green is there's more
Mike's thing than my thing is amusing
for a little while and then Tom Green
check out old neighbor mm-hmm
apparently Mike thinks it's secret art I
think all of what Tom Green does is see
is not secret art it's just plain art
that's Tom Green's whole thing's he's
he's purposefully absurd that doesn't
necessarily mean I want to see a movie
about it maybe one day I'll see we got
it we have a tip from Jack underscore
Packard
who says I'm Jack
that is not me I did not secretly tip
myself that wouldn't make any sense I
know that wouldn't I know that what I
would lose money I'm having an identity
crisis
it's Jack from one second in the past or
one second in the future we don't know
I get the first boss already know oh
yeah
any thoughts in the dune movie remake
it's being made by the guy who did the
new Blade Runner and the southern movies
animal what a rival and and I like his
movies so I think it's gonna be good
because he makes good movies probably
sure it's good movies quick Jack's house
something only the real you would know
that I'm in 3 is a perfect movie not
even someone only only Jack would say
that even someone pretending to be me
wouldn't go that far
they would draw the line Niko hyoeun man
3 really like oh you're not the real
Jack Iron Man 3 is a perfect moment boom
perfect action movie maybe you're not
Jack it's a perfect movie you say no no
no Jack cuz you're not the real Jack I
know you know the real Jack now Jack
says it's a perfect action movie these
are your Anna posture
I'm an imposter the caveat is that
because real Jack just tipped us but
it's an action movie so therefore it's a
perfect movie because it's a perfect
action movie it all makes it's all the
same stuff it's awesome stuff or maybe
you're right I gotta go I gotta go now
for no reason for no reason whatsoever I
gotta go
and a Sly Jack 22 says here yes thank
you for the tip we appreciate it
Jack thinks the witch has a happy ending
so there's that it does if you anyone
who has seen the lovage understands that
it's a happy ending
ice I will stand by that I will stand by
that anyone's gonna read and ladybird is
also a perfect movie yes to perfect
movies lady ladybird ladybird Academy
award-nominated ladybird I thought
you're talking about ladybugs look the
Rodney Dangerfield movie where he takes
a 12 year old kid puts him in drag and
has him join a woman's soccer team I
legitimately thought that's what you
said ladybugs is also that's perfect
dribble says she becomes a self-centered
psychopath what's happy about that DRAM
Bowl did not understand the wish and
that's a darn shame and that's a darn
shame very sorry about that ramble maybe
give it another go maybe give that movie
another go you can do it you can figure
it out
all right
we're surviving I'm not I'm not liking
this deck maybe explain your thesis
Bianca so you're gonna be my restart
yeah I everything else is setup wrong of
him that he is barricade em everything
yeah it is so I the which is about the
stigmas and pressures placed upon young
women not give me any shields bricks do
you have a barricade no you don't look
very good and you know we the movie
starts I'm gone mmm I'm about to spoil
the witch for anyone who hasn't seen it
because I'd like to explain my thesis on
why the witch has a happy ending
heads up I'm about to explain the witch
right now so I think the the moral of
the witch story nice is is is about
these stigmas and pressures put on young
women especially at the time you know
she is thrust into a motherly role
watching the baby she's overly
sexualized by her brother she is thrust
into a parental role with her other
younger siblings she her mother acts
jealously towards her about her father
it's it's all sort of really messed up
and so the the ending of the movie as I
read it was her finally so all the all
of these stigmas didn't bring that back
a little bit all of these stigmas were
put on her as those which which is
basically a young girl turning into a
woman
the stigmas of womanhood as though the
which is the evilness of women hood and
the ending of the movie where she
discovers that she is a witch meets a
coven in the forest and ascends in a
witch Li cackle like literally starts
flying in the air cackling like a witch
to me was her accepting her role as a
woman therefore it's a happy I'm talking
about the wind really what ah it's not
gonna give me that
I'm talking about the witch I'm talking
about the movie the witch and so you
know you can look at black Phillip
representing you know the possibly a
partner you know like the male partner
he awakens her as a fully realized woman
you know the the boyfriend or whatever
bad influence good in this case I think
a good influence someone who who shows
her a world outside of her home so black
black Phillips black Phillip was a man
right exactly
hey Bock chihak damn black Phillips was
the one that showed her world outside of
her own a world of abuse and depression
so anyway
anyway that's my take on the witch and
that's why I think the witch has a happy
ending
the which in the beginning killed and
ate a baby they're not good with people
so again going along the theme that
movies trying to say that women aren't
good people or if we're going along the
theme of the of witches being
independent women and and a stigma put
on independent women is birth control
okay and that might lead that might go
along with that theme and so the witch
I mean kills the baby obviously it's a
horror movie so you got to have some
killing but birth control something
that's a stigma for for grown-ass
independent woman might work on anyway
love ovitch I think it's great
you want to forget about the witch you
want to hear my interpretation of the
village okay it's a dumbass movie boom
done
next it's a dumb movie that's so dumb we
were trying to think of the dumbest way
it could end and we predicted it as I
was watching the village with Lisa we
were trying to predict the dumbest twist
it could end with and we nailed it and
we were so upset just because it's
really good
don't be scared little wife
I'm not gonna get past this
me and Eamonn I liked it I like banana
Dean I thought it was a really
interesting movie no you're not gonna
make it why do I say the buffets because
it's silly that's it because in their
marketing they wrote the W is to upper
case B's which is how they did it back
in the day but I just think it's silly
yeah neon demon I thought was really
cool I thought it was it was an
interesting an interesting take survive
one more round
the only way to be independent is to be
an amoral monster or you're perceived as
an amoral monster and actually you're
not
damn think by think about is about
people's perception deal
I liked all of Nambiar even Keanu I
liked every little bit in the Ondina I
can't believe you won how about that
never give up congratulations
yeah
yeah God all the boss relics are garbage
no I'm sorry absolute game three curses
in three Rowling's well of course I
don't want to do that
you're gonna limp this one out yeah all
right yeah this is this is we're doing
it okay we're doing it or not we're
doing it or we're not all right that's
fun
what did I think of surrogates is
surrogates the movie with
what's-his-name Bruce Willis where they
have the give me the fucking Breuer Kate
he's not doing it attack it's the
perfect time she's brown game you're not
giving me parenting you have you have
you have 20 cards not the one who okayed
Bruce Willis then they have all the
doubles I think it's an interesting
premise and could have used a bigger
budget very interesting for mr. I liked
it I liked a lot of it good good good
sci-fi social commentary
good good b-movie that's exactly what
surrogates is classic sci-fi b-movie
we threw a trap fine fine I'm having
some shitty fucking luck in this game
yeah yeah what other things shape of
water I didn't much care for the shape
of water shaped like water who we saved
like water the shape wore the shape and
water yeah
shaped like water who we shave like
water the shape of water the water was
shaped like water the water was shaped
like what do you think well that would
be an interesting take on it I thought
there was I thought there was a lot of
good to the shape of water but overall
overall I think the shape of water
didn't do what it needed to do which was
explained why that lady wanted to fuck a
fish that's it that's all the movie
needed to do is why is this lady fuck
into fish and they didn't do that and
they did a lot of really good work with
other side characters everybody has a an
interesting character moment I liked the
look of the movie the monster I was
obviously very nice but they did not
explain why that lady one of the fuck
officials do you need a reason yes yes
you need a reason why a little box of
fish I'd say that's a fair expectation
don't you think don't you think I can't
I came out of that movie and I really
thought I missed something
I was I was visibly upset and I was like
what what did I miss and I'm talking I
went I saw it with Lisa I was like - did
you get it did you get it did you get
the movie and she's like yeah mate oh
good okay yeah you got you
our Miller I don't think that was it I
don't think they were both misunderstood
because they never show that fur for our
main character they never showed her as
a misunderstood outcast because she has
a group of friends who she talks with
and bonds with all the time who seemed
to accept her for who she is as a person
so
the back of the box has a poetic love
story about misunderstood creatures
right but then I think they did a bad
job of showing that she was
misunderstood because she had like
friends and you know that's it
so I think I think they did a poor job
showing why I'm showing her as an
outcast showing where someone who wanted
to fuck a fish and then she fucked a
fish and I'm just gonna keep saying fuck
a fish this is our worst this is our
worst dream ever how long have we been
talking about fucking two goddamn fish
20 minutes how long can you talk about
fucking a goddamn fish
how long can i yeah hours now you I mean
just people in general how we've been I
don't
the movie won the fucking Academy Award
for Best Picture rich we're gonna be
talking about fish fucking for a while
okay no actually if if past winners of
Best Picture are anything to go off of
people are already stopping talking
about
I'm all Radko so I wrote my dissertation
on fish fucking maybe they're a marine
biologist maybe well maybe Marco
actually like you know oh I actually
we're going repopulating the salmon
population of Northern Iowa Mall
radicals the only one authorized exactly
a mile rank oh you tell me about fish
market fish biologists is allowed we
talk to me about fish fucking and the
importance of fish fucking will write a
movie about that it'll be great you know
we'll give a character has a reason fuk
fish Scott I get that I got that and I
thought that was really lame I'm not
gonna spoil that for anyone
Scott nine more than five seven seven
five I'm trying not to spoil it I'm
trying not to spoil out a fish fucking
movie because people might not have seen
it
do-do-do-do-do
lick my love it says jack just for my
own sense of happiness can I have some
Batman bail please maybe Shakespeare or
better yet bedtime stories thank you
both for your existence as it adds to my
own thanks I have to get into it I have
to get into the Batman but hold on
ah yeah yeah yeah
yes
all right ready does everyone want a
bedtime story okay I might have lost
Batman what's my Batman what's my Batman
say four it is Rachel well I am the
knight swear me let's go
that's all that's it right there in the
great Queen Room there was a telephone
and the red balloons and a picture of
the cow jumping over the moon and there
were three little bears sitting in
chairs and two little kittens and those
missions and the results or house and a
young mouse and a comb where a brush and
a bowl fooled much air quietly who was
whispering hush Rachel good night room
good night move goodnight cow jumping
over the moon
good night light and your labor own good
my pills
good night Charles cook like kittens
good night mittens cuz I clocks good eye
stops good night little house include I
know Mouse you might be thrown too much
Scooby in there I know it gets it gets
mushy after a while after a little bit
goodnight nobody goodnight mas and good
night to the au lait he was slowing us
cuz it's not just Scooby you gotta be
like out of breath to because you just
fought a bunch of bad guy bad guys good
night stars cuz I girls clothes night
noises everywhere good night moon good
night parents
you know what it gets muddled after a
while too heavy on the Scoobies they go
like my love bits there's goodnight
moons as Bale's Batman why am I so why
am I still why am I still trying with
these cards why cuz this is the run and
then we're done yeah yeah so you just
take it as far as you can
whisk Oh disco says with the release of
itchy the killer coming out this year
have you seen the movie and what did you
think I don't know what each of the
killer is neither do I and if it's
coming out this year how could we have
seen it already
sorry what is it I'm curious what does
the achieve the killer I don't know what
did you the killer is sounds like a like
the sequel to fridge the cat the some
people are just saying a great movie
yeah oh it's a remake of a cheetah
killer maybe a Japanese film oh that
explains why I haven't heard of that no
I haven't seen many foreign films oh
okay I'm gonna go okay here's the thing
yeah with red letter media like I'm not
the film buff the true blue film buff
it's not me okay that's that's that's
the rest of you that's ujm might we like
the movies right right right
you like the movies but you like it with
that tone have you seen this obscure
arthouse film this I'm but you know what
I'm very excited in the blu-ray release
of the director's cut of - boo - there's
20 more minutes of submarine madness
it's crazy right right
raises no Lord of the Rings I just I
just said I didn't like the Lord of the
Rings movies that much that was it
you didn't even say you disliked them
you just said you didn't love them
they're kind of dry that's good they're
not my favorite things which by the way
is a completely fair argument come on
people get it together
I'm ants and you know what I just made a
joke about Das Boot and now people are
giving me shit about Das Boot it's an
obscure arthouse movie no it's not an
art housemate I know it's an obscure
movie only art house people know is I
guess the better way to put that it's
not I wouldn't know if I'd call that an
art house movie but
oh this one's gonna be a disaster it's
pretty obscure I would I would call
Dawson I would I would say if you were
to pull a hundred people off the street
less than ten would know about Das Boot
these days yeah Rama to came out what it
was in the Oscars or maybe all right
maybe
I hate this boss it's Debbie yeah yes
Debbie sucks oh yeah yeah he likes to
stab
Oh Oh
I'm done we're done
one-one more tips I got from powder out
hand who says hey guys any thoughts on
Bojack horseman
oh it's creature it's hard to get to the
first season yeah the first season
starts off quite weak but the first
season starts off it's like what's the
big deal and then it just starts getting
darker and darker and darker it's good
to get gets really like some really
black comedy no Jan horseman hmm
he's a miserable horse man it's a
miserable horse man I like Bojack
horseman more than I like Lord of the
Rings oh you've just made some people
have very happy and some people very
upset and you've made some people very
confused because they like both and you
agree with part of the things that they
are but not all of the things that they
are okay let's uh let's alt tab over and
read the names of the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream
there's a bail King I think bulking
bulking barrel barking like you know
maybe oh yeah like a bog like a balk a
rebel of old said of them not scoot
exactly laggin wagon for thirteen months
in a row sasquatch Bray V boy robot
co-op
mr. tummy giggles Brown Adam Sandler for
15 months in a row says I was promised
Pikachu two times you work this you know
jackets a pass he heard his fucking I
was physically injured today physically
injured I'm very sorry
when I come back from my trip I will
bring it again and we'll see and rich
won't want to play anything because
he'll be playing if he's playing at all
and so I'll bring it it's like Lord of
the Rings it's very very epic movies
they're just very emotionally unfor me
I'm sorry that's okay that's okay I
can't get into the plight of Frodo I
just don't I don't I don't I don't get
invested in any of the characters in the
film closest I come to Smeagol yeah yeah
is anybody in the film what's epic it is
very epic zealand's pretty massive
really is and looks like a place I want
to visit go to Hobbiton amos sell thesis
says happy fucking nine months having a
bad day tell me a joke press f4 failed
relationships yes sorry I got no joke
for you
my life I present to you my life
there's your joke would you like a
knock-knock joke that one of my children
told me recently it's a cat based
knock-knock go for it okay so knock
knock who's there
litter litter who literally nothing
I don't think they get it I thought it
was delightfully absurd I think they're
missing of knock-knock jokes yeah I hate
to be blunt yeah they're missing the
point
well their children they don't quite get
the the nuances of comedy yet Oh God
social geometer says if I was good at
saying clever things I'd be on the other
side of the camera I'm here tonight I
think I'm having an off night yeah well
yeah I'm painting I'm just tired you're
tired in pain
I'm very much feeling off tonight that's
and that happens sometimes yeah I think
it's gonna be okay
yeah we talked about fucking fishes for
a while that was great I think we should
just delete this whole goddamn stir I
went into the greater nuances of
blossoming into womanhood as regards to
the vich JEP how terrible was the stream
on a scale of 1 to 13 because why not
Sarris 1 to 10 why not went to 13 let's
go to 1 to 13 13 being the the worst how
bad was the stream okay yes not the
worst okay love the worst yeah people
like your murder run and dishonored that
was entertaining to watch because I know
I was gonna into it not saying much I
feel bad about that but mm-hmm
oh there's just so many numbers going by
I don't know what any of them I know but
I like that I like that you guys are so
engaged I think that's great
all right who else we got here we got
Tommy slow invisible strings Liz andis
who says I just watched a movie about
beavers it was the best damn movie I'd
ever seen who was just that for the joke
earlier the chat asked if the chat
receive it it should have been the one
right underneath that would have been I
would have been perfect perfect but
that's a good joke but today's not
perfect so it's okay
squid vicious one lady
Demming for 28 fucking months in a row
Owen Thunder guns Gino Swami Gino's
Swami Aeon I know it's supposed to be
silent
I like zinc suave I don't know why I
think it's supposed to be like Rico
suave yeah Gino suave like Rico suave I
was just like suave like the words wah
it could be that too I've always said
suave yeah yeah I got a feeling I got a
feeling that's wrong I don't know I
don't know I don't know for 16 months in
a row says there's something wrong with
my resub says I've been it for 16 months
but that would make me some kind of shut
and loser
oh no congratulations
it took this awful stream to make you
realise it we had other people
threatening to walk out over me cleaning
Linda Livi was so bad the stream where
you were cleaning for three hours was a
better stream how do you remember that's
how awful the stream was jack mopping up
his own bloody footprints for 20 minutes
that was a great time
we're out with Jill - no one lost in
Technicolor for 44 motherfucking months
in a row who says rich and Jack get me
through the hardest most physically
painful times in my life
thank you so much but not tonight just
awful we're just adding to the pressure
tonight Caroline in it in but hey that
still takes their mind off of how how
bad their life is because it's like look
at these two guys still works so works
relentless 42 for 18 months in a row
question number 16 are lozad a sure I
think Rosa sure I think by defense those
aren't letters you'd normally see
together look La Rose one Eric BRR obese
manicure says you guys pretty cool but
tonight hey Jay Bojangles t an horror
fan yeah yes jr. bacon fat kid there's
this long time watch a recent subscriber
thanks for the many hours of vicarious
gameplay fellas jack remember to
uninstall lock on targeting old
reference oh that's a very old reference
rich stay sexy on you liar but thank you
see marks Zack Peterson uncle kulikov
Lord on cook your meat
Lag you're meeting somebody an ATM for
no reason what though what do you got
there some some mistakes some chicken
what are you gonna do with that okay boy
you're gonna cook your meat hmm lag
adder to Heinz Alger nup for 12 months
in a row who says at happy opening day
Eve tomorrow brings the best day of the
year is baseball starting presumably the
baseball starts I guess so it was kind
of nice today it was like in the 50s
today I was pretty happy with that I
opened my window today from I can't yeah
yeah what's an opening day of the white
sighs once we just unusually warm mmm
that March but you usually opening day
this this part of the country it's not
we're not it's not ripe yet this is just
for like the hardcore fans only to say
that they went to opening day like
bundle up drink lots of beer eat a
hotdog oh yeah I was there I'm now sick
for the next three weeks usual remain
for 41 motherfucking months in a row
quality pixel who would like us to keep
on keeping on and freak thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do and we appreciate
you sticking with us through these
trying times
alright next next frame I'll try to be
on try to be um right now I'll try to be
entertaining I think I think we did all
right um well you know I'm not I'm not
saying this was a 10 out of 10 but a
solid six