Episode 072
We Don't Know Diddy
April 19, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9aacOShfVw
___________________________________________

so guys right so I meant I messed up
again yeah you want to explain right I'm
sorry yeah well I you tell me what
happened Jack you promised everybody
Diddy Kong Racing you promised everybody
okay I know I promised you did he come
racing we went to two days voting and
again I really wanted to play Diddy Kong
Racing but you lost it again
I put down the n64 as I was loading up
the car as I was backing out of my
garage I ran over the Nintendo 64 and
I'm sorry
and I'll try again
how's everyone doing
bad rats is so bad now what Ken just
fucked up my heroes having trouble
typing in the right screen and the
timing and that was all fun all great
videos now a possible problem right yeah
get better outside
bad rats gone
that's too loud very loud very well I
get down to like yeah alright we've
changed the audio how's the audio for
you guys loud yes well how would I know
okay great is that better or is that
perfect
yeah well we're all before we all tab in
a split screen so Jack and see daddy
Kong let's may as well get perfect it's
still too low that's merely that's
nearly non-existent that's where they're
gonna like it
how's that how's that this is three
after three three three Buddha Buddha
boo three three booty booty boo
sounds good much better fine hello
you're not helping
perfect we got we got beefcake saying
perfect okay great okay I'll take a
beefcake perfect what do you what keep
starting streams and games and
abandoning maintenance this is becoming
a running theme how's everyone doing how
was everyone's week we've got a week we
haven't got a week I didn't do it I
didn't do a Pat that rich solo stream I
know that about you I know that I know
you didn't do a patented rich Evan solo
stream but that's what you know is
spring the spring break whoo you were
too you were too busy getting beads the
options on something like Diddy Kong
Racing
magic codes and magic codes this is what
I don't remember about this the UH I
know nothing about this I know like
every Nintendo 64 game it makes me think
I need I glasses because everything
looks like blurry shit
oh this looks like utter garbage ah and
I don't know why this is uh this is like
widescreen for you this is for us I just
want to yell focus at the screen but I
know this is a fun game I just it just
looks like crap because it's an n64 game
so it looks blurry this is this is the
this is the solid this is like the
d-team here you got diddy you got banjo
kazooie you got conker you have the
characters they have the rights to use
this I think this actually called just
first appearance
is it this is yeah this came out before
conquer pretty shy don't quote me I am
68 percent sure this came out before
Conker's Bad Fur Day Wow the play
weren't work conquer didn't have his
attitude yet well yeah like it was still
gonna be a cutesy cartoon character just
a cutesy squirrel here and banjos first
appearance really then I find shocking
all right I'm gonna be concur because
you know why not please do not change
the rumble Pak rich okay obviously we're
gonna go on an adventure I did I I went
I went the extra mile rich I even like I
I set this up at home yeah just to make
sure everything played everything works
did you play it at all I did not play it
at all because I wanted to go in blind
but I got I got you know just do this
like okay everything you know if it
works the game works we haven't played
it in a while I don't think yes the
right water doesn't know jack is a
fucking Mario Kart prodigy that's true
that's true I'm I win at Mario Kart all
the time I've never played this game
because to me it always seemed like a
mariokart rip-off but apparently it has
a story mode which I'm very excited
about it's like if you mix Mario Kart
with Mario 64 oh okay
maybe this is there's a lot of race
there's a lot of normal race tracks and
a lot of normal racing yeah but there's
a whole other aspect of the game where
you wander around and you collect I
forgot what you collect you collect the
things to open the doors and they don't
put up opens up new worlds to explore
and all new race tracks
cool betcha Mario 64 if the paintings
instead of leading to platforming
world's led to racetracks I think that's
awesome
yeah let's you know I turn this on at
home just to make sure it works and like
from across the house I hear - do you
think Diddy Kong apparently apparently
unbeknownst to me Lisa played this a ton
growing up she's like I recognize that
music I was like how do you a DD guy
never but she's like me played the song
classic chick there you go there we go
his green-screen fucked up which you can
see that Batman does it look like
look at me okay but I'm looking at a
little tiny spring okay uh II didn't she
didn't kick my ass only because I didn't
play it because like I said I wanted to
save all reactions to this game for the
stream because I've never played it and
I know the the mythos of me playing
Diddy Kong has been alright what about
the absence Jack was on vacation night
things going on there guy who cares
about that there's an elephant riding a
magic carpet at the moment help me with
oh so I'm just like in the card all the
time yeah
okay so no like you're kind of quasi
power-sliding
no wait or is there yeah it's kind of
power slider so just kind of just kind
of it's not like a full-on
Mario Kart power slide but it makes it
turn a little sharper whoa okay all
right has settled sound now is this game
in like 1/2 K it's on the Nintendo 64
you know stall J goggles the Nintendo 64
is ass this is I'm really playing on a
Nintendo 64 who made it who made this
for me again someone made me a Nintendo
64 controller with with a Gamecube no I
think um who made this for me someone
sent it to me it looks it's it feels
great it feels great hope I can change
vehicles what yeah wait well hold on I
want to try the hovercraft first hey
buddy
oh there you get the little you get a
little hop with the hovercraft oh now I
can go on water right Chad I'm not
typically a graphics whore I'm just I'm
just really not a fan of the way the
Nintendo 64 wants everything to look
fuzzy and blurry I'm not a fan of that I
know something primitive anti Eliza on
their part or just whatever a listing
aliasing yeah it
I just I hate the look and every didn't
end to the 64 game looks fuzzy fuzzy and
blurry ah better than jaggies no jaggies
are far less distracting than this this
is to me right now I mean this is
personal taste
obviously you don't feel the same way
but I hate the way this looks
can't go in there
oh hi okay okay so I can just like race
in this yeah yeah there are races in the
plain nice oh okay I need ten balloons
okay no problem no problem at all Wow a
balloon nope it's a flower
alright everything is fine I'm gonna
figure this out guys you don't need to
worry
well I think there's some doors that are
just open early and I'm pretty sure you
get balloons from racing right and then
I'm also pretty sure there are some
xplory blooms balloons whoa okay you
know what I think I need to cart I think
I just you know what you Harrison Ford
Oh God
oh there's one other oh I see one come
on conquer yeah you gotta help me out
here meet me halfway meet me halfway
maybe halfway son of a bitch
hard turn hard turn hard turn and got
one did it the plane goes down all the
time like the plane just naturally
floats that everything's fine alright I
think I think I'm gonna cart it up just
know just to uh okay go to him go to him
you know just until I get my oh okay
I'm going to need glasses after the
stream that's just the Nintendo 64
we're not playing this on an emulator
nope this is an actual Nintendo 64
sitting in front of us right solution
there's absolutely nothing to improve
the naturally bad graphics of the
Nintendo 64 and it might look extra ass
for you because it's stretched out I
don't know why it's stretched out but a
little bit where's it zoomed no I think
it's stretched I think you're right
which is weird because that for us it's
four by three but for you guys it's
widescreen it doesn't really matter
anyway to make it less blindingly bright
is there an options menu and those
probably not not for this but there
might be something we can do them
they're big around so you can fix the
stretch to have your mouse let's see if
we can make this jamming make the stream
look nice Jack make this stream great
again oh you owe me blow it up blow it
up blow it up do you remember what
Rumple is gonna keep us from going into
war with Russia yeah remember when
everyone was worried about war Hawk
Hillary no that's just conquer all right
let's say let's do this all right here
he'll get the Game Capture HD color oh
yeah look at the color it's like way up
there oh no that's not the color that's
the it is a little brighter than normal
it was up to an eight
yeah how's that that's pretty good it's
pretty good remember when remember when
I was joking about Donald Trump starting
World War three uh-huh
oh god those were just jokes that was
just jokes so tempting tempting that
bear just sitting there it's all cozy
it's minding its own business honestly
just comparing I got a I got a big old
Trump stick fare better watch the fuck
out how's that look that looks better
yeah yeah how's that look
I like that that's like four by three
that's what we're gonna call it anyway
we're gonna call that four by three just
get the MGP and d blur mods and a
framemeister super cheap takes two
seconds has had something for an
emulator because jack is playing this in
a real intend to 64 yeah yeah yeah real
and 64 motherfucker which one are you
going to plead doomed again I'm not sure
Rose listen some of the soundtrack just
like last night
pretty good all right there we go all
right this is uh this is the best I can
do
I think it's pretty good okay well it's
square yeah
so that's nice okay great I guess you
don't really need this right I mean I
guess take it because I don't want
all right let's play Diddy Kong I got my
cart back
oh wait blue it's blue so why not push
the screen - laughs so rich does not
want a map as a terrible suggestion okay
okay then our screen is weirdly
off-centered that I get that's why I
chose Center because you know that's
that Center but if you want to do that
rich you can go ahead and just that's
much better I think your idea is much
better just lean a little bit it's not
centered yeah we're a little off center
are we a tiny bit well you can fix that
right now without messing up the game
let's go over there and scooch it over
scooch Oh over the you know I can scoot
a few things if you no no you can just
drag it and it should know no that's us
I know I know I'm hold on where's the
purge that more centered I'm going to
assume that's more centered I thought I
had a camera over a little bit more cuz
you half your face is not in this thing
which isn't right either
my leg moves down okay I can move us
down
oh that's great alright here we go my
first race
okay there's bananas shit shit
oh it kind of has a power slide never
mind that's power slide
I've missed all the balloons so far ah
and bananas well it's fine gonna be fine
come on I wanna blow there we go
look this ain't mario kart yeah the
handling is different yeah I mean a
little bit dinosaur
it's fine everything the skills not
translate what's it's different you know
like it's it's a little it's a little uh
this is like just minor adjustments are
needed
yeah I'm sure everything everything is
off oh whoa why did I slip maybe maybe
you did too much of a spin that's like
maybe Mario Cart would never punish you
for sliding too much I assume bananas
are good can anyone confirm bananas are
good I don't know but I know balloons
are good okay balloons are the weapons
yeah I got one balloon I wasn't even
able to get a balloon skills don't
translate it fights with all your muscle
memory
yes load um this is like I'm so used to
the Mario Cart controls that this is
gonna take a little bit of time to get
used to but you know I got first place
in the first Ray a challenge exactly
exactly
all right I mean I did first place so
number two fossil Canyon bananas worked
like Mario Cart coins okay so then the
marker coins the way they work is the
more coins you have the more the higher
max speed okay okay so I get out of here
banjo no one likes you
oil slick nice that's what Mario Cart is
missing a decent oil slick that's that's
just classic bananas are though I
suppose just a classic racing game
slick Oh oil slick
banana first place is a little exercise
Wow hello I got a rocket a shit I
thought I had to annoy oil slick god
damn it that's alright I think Jack
broke down and bought a new Diddy Kong
Racing I did I had to buy a new Diddy
Kong Racing he was weak he couldn't he
couldn't stick to his guns and find my
Diddy Kong Racing yeah well I wanted I
wanted to give the people what they
wanted and they wanted it e they wanted
it e rich
Oh what is thatis spikeball cool what
was I supposed to do not give him Diddy
oh and I'm sure what's gonna happen
what's gonna be fun is in a in a couple
of weeks I'm gonna be cleaning the
basement or something and come across
sure my original diddy just got to yeah
that's like greenest speed boost I'm
assuming the balloons okay and red is
weapon because I just got a rocket
that's any difference so you can kind of
choose yeah I think I got green that
time and I got oil slow yeah
something's wrong yeah I got green and
got oil slick okay be blues speed boost
look
oil slick you can stack three of the
same color balloons for better items
what oh I played this way back when and
I didn't know that all right see now
you're giving me the hot tips now you
got a strap now I got the mad Diddy Kong
strats this elephant on the magic carpet
is something else I'm gonna be honest I
I'm not sure if I can deal with him but
we're gonna we're gonna just keep going
jungle falls all all so this game really
makes me appreciate the Mario Cart
horses yeah because man these are these
are a big pile of nothing come on oh
shit oh shit is there an easy mode are
you I didn't see a difficulty get out of
my shit get out of my shit I I assume
the first races are just easier in
general okay because holy fucker you
fuck nut I'm coming for you
shit don't worry it gets very hard I'm
kidding it's harder already look I'm in
third
then third rich I'm an embarrassment
podracer is the best Star Wars game hots
nope Snoke TIE fighter Jedi Knight - and
then the rest can all kind of go fuck
off out here get out of here
fuck them in the water rich I'm in the
water
hey x-men Alliance is bad
I'm coming in third what am I an animal
ah majique white is rich hate the
original expert hey don't just tie
fighters Betty put her in every way what
was what was the original x-wing like
just a less good Thai Thai fighter okay
he plays the the rebellion right you
know I've I remember there being less of
us less of a story less in the way of
side objectives okay but this is this is
hazy memory I didn't play that much of
the original next wing okay
dark forces - I don't think that game
aged very well I liked it at the time
whoa whoa whoa
dark forces - yes dark forces - Jedi
Knight okay and we've talked about the
naming of that series oh I think we have
I don't remember what they are exactly
but yes the Star Wars do ripoff is
called dark forces and that had a sequel
dark forces - Jedi Knight okay and the
sequel and in part because it had a
lightsaber was much more popular than
the original game so when they made a
third one they called it Jedi Knight -
and as opposed to dark forces three so
dark forces three is called Jedi Knight
forces three is called if you want to
get really technical dark forces three
Jedi Knight - Jedi Outcast that's great
oh I had a I had a super weapon
I did much better that time they could
have called a Jedi Knight three like the
Red Bull franchise yeah they probably
could have there's why the Rambo first
blood
Rambo first blood part two Rambo three
it was it wasn't Rambo first but it was
his first blood they was Rambo even part
of the name of first blood I could be
wrong I think I was just called first
blood I think it was Rambo first blood
oh yeah well and you know obviously both
of our memories aren't ain't what they
used to be but I'm gonna save Rambo
first blood that's a no-no - what
No - who me orig the thing that was just
first okay so they're saying first blood
Rambo first blood part two Rambo three
yeah great and then just Rambo it's very
true very true cinnamon and then just
way where's the four door
there's no four door it's a key door
it's weird
a stream Jedi Knight - I did a little
bit mom in a while using years ago at
this point where's the four door I don't
know maybe there wasn't one apparently
not that's weird
I see you got five go to five I'm going
900 airplane everything is weird what do
you know I just got used to karting
conquer move your ass
oh those do something I'm sure Wow
fuck you the racers have different stats
I'm trying to remember and I don't I'm
sure it's like a Mario Kart thing where
yeah the heavier ones have a better top
speed and the shorter ones have more
acceleration which you always want to
choose which year you generally want to
choose because more acceleration means
when you get hit either you know you're
right you're right back on right back on
that pole made sure the Mario Kart is
you can't sustain speed you're gonna get
hit with some bullshit
oh I got a banana
oh shit rich
I'm coming for you I'm coming for you
banana there we go there we go
this plane is hard to control
everything's terrible fuck you Marilla
gorilla you sound like you're actually
enjoying I am I am but it's it this is
the plane is very challenging
the plane was very challenging but no
it's fun it's cute it's fun and it's
cute this isn't terrible except for how
it looks and sounds and plays so I told
I told you this the other day okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna read tell this story
please for the sake of the strip well I
as I plan on doing as well but go ahead
yeah do you do you recall and I know you
do because we talked about this a couple
days ago
it was the last summer my neighbors
asked me to take care of their pets me
occurred they were going away on
vacation for a week and they needed
someone to water their cat and there
there there porcupine not hard to find a
hedgehog I just remember this because
you're allergic to cats yeah yeah and
then and so I said agreed after I tried
to weasel out of it right and and then
Karen went to go see her mother that
week leaving putting me in charge saying
the cat that's that's the back story of
what happened last summer of nobody
remembers at the time our neighbors and
we were their last minute replacement
said well we'll pay we'll pay you okay
we'll give you some money if we need
something to do this and then they
wanted a vacation they came back not a
single mention of
hey didn't even didn't even bring it up
like I might not have accepted money and
I probably that's right but the fact
that they didn't even offer after saying
you're lying like here's a gift card to
a restaurant it rubbed me the wrong way
absolutely at the time last week I'm not
around when this all went down yeah
Karen got a text from her neighbors
yeah but need someone to look after our
pets again this week we've got away yep
and then Karen texted this guy back
where she didn't even remember who he
was
yeah it's like she's like she gave a
very non-committal answer say I got to
talk to rich and then he just texted
back great we're leaving the keys and
then they were just gone we we didn't
even fucking agree to do it we did not
say yes we will take care of your pets
and they just drop off the key and and
took off that is crazy fuck oh it's
crazy horrible because I know now we're
in the horrible position
it's like fucking I don't want to you
know just wreck I'm I'm not gonna do it
yeah then but I'm there pit stop right
then they're completely innocent
porcupine and CAD died of thirst
yes so they kind of put us in a position
where we had to but if you like what if
you were out of town like I right
exactly they didn't care enough I guess
that's that's so fucked man I was pissed
as he should be
I was really fucking pissed as he should
be and care what over and she did it
anyway this current is a good person and
that Karen Karen is also a smart person
I love I love Karen I really love Karen
Karen noticed that our neighbors have
Amazon echo dot oh they have enough they
have an Alexa machine yeah yeah so she
went over there one day when she went to
take care of the animals said oh boy a
bunch of reminders for things at like
2:00 in the morning 3:00 in the morning
Alexa November 2nd 2 a.m.
remind me to ride the unicycle
and so that III went over there with her
after that and we just had fun like they
they've got every now and then not not
too many times in a row but just every
now and then they're gonna get a early
morning wake-up call between now and
like next January yeah this is tough
boss battle
oh yeah we're not supposed to say her
name rich you can call it the Culloden
echo oh but don't say her name because
then we set off people's echoes she
should really be smart enough
it's master drill things here Richie
definitely Karen that's all kara that
was her idea I'm so proud of her house
is like a boss battle this is the boss
battle which is very neat this is very
neat I haven't done very well so far but
I think it's neat
and I keep missing all the balloons I I
wanted to but I'm like I was worried
about where the where the border of
actually committing a felony was okay
like attaching their Alexa to an app or
or what a like actually buying an Alexa
remote just so every now and then I
could just have it say things I don't
know if you could do that yeah
Amazon echoed I'd say I am possessed
take me to an exorcist I did not know
they have that I believe there are there
are there are apps for that you do stuff
like that and then we would just have
complete control of their echo dot I
wasn't I wasn't sure where the line was
though decide it and go do it I was I
was actually in the stage like well I
don't know what the Wi-Fi password is
but I can hook it bring it over to our
apartment hook it up to our Wi-Fi Gideon
install the app I was I was I was I was
tempted that's yeah that's probably was
you far that is probably too far but
then I could make them think they're
there yep echo dot was possessed that
would be funny yes
neighbors are going to come back to
Richard Karen a whack of cash then they
will feel bad no then they'll just been
making up for not offering in the first
fucking place no it was still quite rude
to put us in a position where we had to
take care of the pets or their pets
we're going to die
I agree I agree it's not your fault that
they waited to the last minute to find
someone to watch their animals make it
play Nickelback oh that was the last
thing I did
Alexa played Nickelback oh yeah you're
doing that for everyone now rich bastard
I'm dying
oh man this is tough this is a tough
battle here this is a tough race they
know I live stream I don't think I even
over the fuck I am
let that well-known
used to hook up sprinkler system to do
take the mick there's echo duck enabled
ask well we're for one most residential
places don't have sprinkler systems
another thing they don't work like that
they're mechanically they don't get set
off by an electronic signal that's right
you went through that actually like
that's the smartest thing in the world
the the way that sprinkler systems work
that they're not electric like
electrical whenever you see in a movie
somebody hacking a sprinkler system at
every sprinkler head on the floor going
off that's absolute horseshit any kind
of system where all the head goes off
and ones at once yeah that's gonna be
like you will only see that at like a a
paper meal a paper mill that deals with
lamb oblique treated and paper you know
just look the most flammable should
imaginable in a warehouse is where you
want that but you don't you don't want
that in any other building like you have
a little fire and a waste paper basket
in our office and every sprinkler head
the floor goes off and then you've
ruined
tens of thousands of dollars worth of
computers right when you just need the
sprinkler over the fire to take care of
the fire in that one area right and so
the sprinkler head is filled with like
was like a little bit of emergency got a
little bit fluid that expands when it
gets warm right and if it gets hot
enough to say the temperature of fire it
breaks a little piece of glass and lets
the water flow down that's brilliant
whoever designed that we're designing
you get your smart cookie you smell
cookie
I think this dinosaur community
maybe they have new systems in some
places now rich living in the future
yeah but you wouldn't want this the
mechanical ones work just fine in fact
they work really good and they're very
like rich was saying there they very
specifically work so that like people
can't mess with them via an app if if
it's any if it's anything we've learned
is sometimes apps are not our friend
echo dot every is sometimes you know
apps can hurt us in the long run no fun
photos to Jack who can play almost
normal while maintaining a conversation
this is the job this is Mario Martin and
that's that's that's that's hard to do
it is we have to applaud jack well you
know luckily this is this is fairly
mindless where it's just yeah yeah stay
on the track you know you just gotta
stay on the track I got I got a decent
weapon here oh I thought I had the
tracking one good Jack yeah good I did
it you know just stay it stay on the
track that's it so this is fairly
mindless later if we get bored of this I
did bring the the second-place vote of
breath of the wild as I've been
replaying breath of the wild just in
case we get so bored of Diddy that we
need something else okay give our little
over an hour over flying yeah I've been
replaying a lot of yeah and I'm again
you and I have had this conversation off
stream already because we've gotten
together already outside of streaming
you want to save this for if you if even
if it's not tied when you play breath
wellness for sure
sure we can say yeah well uh okay hold
ah I can
six or six ancient lake then I'll hold
off on my whole breadth of the wild
thing Oh a silver coin challenge what's
the silver coin challenge to get to get
a silver coin I don't remember
I bet it really lot since I played this
alright anonymous says I'm gonna start
getting caught up tips Star Wars you did
it you did it suggest 22 says you
fuckers you did it I'm so glad I went
through things gamma X says my son was a
little kid I played this with him all
the time
this was so much better than Mario Kart
on the n64
thanks for playing this for us enjoy the
flying and boating and driving fun thank
you I remember this being fun and I'm
not a huge Mario Kart back all right
yeah so you know so far it is it's
entirely not bad
I like flying flags beep the you know
the this this is uh I think a great
example of why Nintendo kind of is
Nintendo where this is a it's a fine
racing game it's perfectly adequate but
you know these levels are super blah the
mechanics aren't white yeah fluid like
it feels driving feels kind of all or
nothing like you turn and say get the
secret key Jack where is the secret key
there's what Jack has never played this
game you know he doesn't know shit about
secret keys I got the coins I don't
remember shit about secrets I got all
the coins the game's framerate looks
like shit hey man you're seeing this is
60 frames a second this is mad 60 frames
a second of course split in half so
you're only you know 32 so it's only
refreshing 30 the key is on the ramp
there's a ramp I'm reading the things
Jack's got to start making love to that
our button why I'm winning
hot tip if you let go the accelerator
when you go on the go on a booster you
get extra speed I did I don't believe
you just take your finger off the
accelerator while you drive over our
arrow okay easy easy to check sure and
since yeah all of these old analog games
ran at 60 frames a second but remember
it the but I believe that there's no
writ rich wait for it but remember this
was interlaced time Oh ran at 60 frames
per second but only showed a half of the
screen at once so then it you know
essentially is 30 frames a second but
it's it's true it did run at 60 frames a
second interlaced so half of the screen
runs at 30 frames seconds the other half
runs 30 frames per second 60 frames a
second Wow
everything's fucked I thought someone
said they got all the coins Hey what all
I say this little Ito there's a little
meter and you have to win the race and
get all the coins oh you know it's it's
a neat little challenge to go back to
ancient lake drive straight off the
track and on a small ramp and the grass
is a secret key you're a secret key a
jack doesn't sound interested in the
sacred cape I sound interested in
winning this motherfuckin race and
getting other coins
anonymous says have you have you guys
ever farted so hard that you shit your
pants
do you even answer that no it's that
question deserve any kind of dignity no
like when I was an infant I shit my
pants all the time there you go that's
how yeah that's it so I'm gonna say
that's probably true oh shit
there was the coin I didn't get all the
coins in the silver coin challenge just
saying no will do yeah I know well I
know we're gone for a week so the people
the people got to get your bullshit out
of your systems and get it I get it
I can I can okay how about I got a shit
story for you yeah I got I was just
about to move on oh I got a shit story
for him so so midway through through my
my super diet time so this is like a
five six years ago Yeah right I start
super dieting and and I hit a little bit
of a plateau and and I'm not losing any
weight week to week and you know you
know you fluctuate a lot but I wasn't
losing any weight and so I needed to
change up my diet significantly yeah I
say to myself well what if I change one
meal with like a protein drink you know
take my breakfast and so I started
looking at protein drink breakfast
replacement meals like oh you know
calories and you know Soylent it's
basically Soylent right now and so like
I find some things and I see some people
mix it with iced coffee okay so you take
a protein drink you mix it with iced
coffee oh that's a really good idea cuz
I don't just have one drink I get my
coffee from the protein drink everything
would be great right I'm assuming this
is a really bad idea well keep in mind I
don't know what I'm doing so I head down
to the genes
the store that sells all the powder and
I start talking to this lady about like
what my plan is so I'm looking to
replace my meal with a protein drink and
she's like well you can't consider it a
meal replace unless you get X amount of
calories so you can't just have a
protein powder like oh that's good
that's really good to know and so I buy
like a protein put a chocolate protein
powder and a chocolate like it's like a
vegetable powder or something like that
I was like well I put these two together
it's enough calories and I'll mix that
with coffee iced coffee
it'll be great in a low calorie and
everything's fine so I do it I make my
concoction I mix it with coffee and put
it over ice and it tastes like you would
expect it to taste which is like
metallized ass yeah just like like like
poop it tastes like poop dipped in
copper it's awful but I say I can deal
with this like yeah you know the I'm
losing weight this is what's happening
everything is gonna be fine so I drink
it down and that very day the first day
I tried it I had a job to do it was it
was a really shitty job it was a domme
beverage action that was my job it was a
filming comp okay okay obviously not
giving the conference but filming it
kind of like that that sounds like a
more interesting story right yes no no I
said I had to film a conference and as
far as freelancing goes filming a
conferences is is uh is mindless work
because you fuck you uh so why are we
still playing this race because I didn't
get all the coins last time oh you never
actually you've never won the race and
gotten all well no this is the second
one all the levels look alike ah I won
the first one this is the second one
that I'm doing for a second time okay
so I'm filming this conference which is
very boring because he just filmed the
person speaking oh I'll be traps pushing
it
Oh that'd be cool and so that's it like
I just gotta sit I got to film this
person and then later they hand me a PDF
with all the slides yeah and I put it
together and it's it's and it's just
boring it's just boring work and about
an hour into this presentation this I'm
gonna get that coin that's all that
really matters
you know my my stomach she is a giggling
she is a talking to me
and I just figured well oh I just had a
massive change in my diet and sitting
down on the left oh that's probably
ready to go hey just tell us about your
poop story so my stomach starts to
gurgle and where where I was filming
this there we go okay I got it
till she poops fur so I was filming this
the conference was taking place in one
of those like co-working stations and I
don't know if you know what that is but
it's basically just like an office
building with a big conference room and
you pay like $50 a month to join like
the co-working station and anyone can
come in there and that's why someone was
giving a talk there is because you know
for the co-working station I'm gonna
give a promote my business and also you
know do whatnot so so the co-working
station a lot of people come in there
and there's only one bathroom this is
this is where the problem starts is
there's only one bathroom for all of
this area and my stomach is gurgling and
I make it all the way through the
conference I'm wrapping up now
this area's constipated this is Larry
Kenobi one three right I'm trying to
wrap up cuz like that actually that was
a crime I was trying to tell a story
while playing Diddy Kong so I wrap up
and I feel I feel my stomach about to
drop I get all my camera gear in my car
and I hit the only bathroom in this
place and I drop and I mean the entire
contents of my inner body leave my body
and it is the foul list office shit in
my life
that I remember it felt like every
liquid part of my body was removed from
my body into that toilet it was like an
eighth flush poop it was amazing
I get all I don't think you're using the
word amazing right I finally get to a
point where I feel comfortable driving
home and so like I stopped pooping I get
out of there nobody saw me I lucked out
nobody saw me I Drive home I spend the
rest of the day in agony just shitting
it's awful needless to say I'd no longer
drank that breakfast drink but a week
later someone wanted to talk my shit I
had a story where I shit so a week later
I hand in you know the stuff to my to my
client to the person who wanted me to
film their little conference and there
and they're like hey man by the way the
strangest thing happened we had to shut
down the place last week it's like what
happened they're like we think there was
a gas leak there was an awful odor and
we think there was a natural gas leak we
couldn't find it I quote because of my
shit I closed down an entire building
they smelt something so is this whole
story just your way of teaching people
not the tip horrible horrible questions
and comments I've been waiting for you
to pick up on this rich this story is
taking me eight years to sell it's gone
on for way too long
I thought it was Rudy to rub your stirry
about taking a huge dump in an office
building they had to clear out
yeah I exaggerated it I exaggerated a
little bit I went I went on a little
further gonna probably shoulda because
that was a dumb question
this person asked if we shit our pants
okay shit together
Jim doc says if you guys seen Isle of
Dogs sod up the weekend and thought it
was great thanks not soon
I've not seen aisle dogs nor do I care
about seeing dogs I have no interest in
seeing the fantastic mr. Fox is one of
those few there's one of those few
movies that I turned off you know 20 or
so minutes in and have no intention of
ever finishing because I thought it was
so I thought it's bad okay
and so Wes Anderson making in another
cutesy claymation movie I just don't
care
tired sad said this Christopher Nolan
get enough of the blame for the misfires
and the DCE you he was in charge of
shaping the original story and visual
tone of Man of Steel with David Goyer
and he hired
Zack Snyder I don't know maybe hired I
don't know enough about who was involved
with what that in the indie making of
Man of Steel so I I don't feel confident
making that accusation I don't know if
it's fair to say that he hired Zack
Snyder
but I mean I guess who knows who knows
who cares no one has a different sin in
the DCE what's that no one has the the
sin of dark gritty realism it it worked
for his take on Batman yes yes did which
which is like it's not his fault they
kept trying to do that without the
characters that's not his fault I can't
blame him for that
it's not his fault he was still the the
unless he actually said that gritty
thing I did with Batman that worked for
Batman let's do that with Superman
unless he said that he's not to blame
all right that's fair that's fair I
guess
zack snyder's the punisher yeah no one
could do the punisher huh
no one could do the punisher
I'm in second what I don't know that
he's necessarily the best choice but no
Zack Snyder should not do the Punisher
the Punisher is not lace and Zack Snyder
I said no one but somebody a chat said
Zack Snyder oh no no we should do the
Punisher that's an S tonight that's a
night throughout oh yes
no no one would be great one less I
misspoke which I've been known to do
sure III heard Zack Snyder um no one
would make a great Punisher because
Nolan is all about emotionless monsters
of characters and that's what the
Punisher is no one would do a good job
of that Zack Snyder is all about style
and flash and pomp and that's not the
Punisher no not really
not really what I'm agreeing with you oh
I thought you think that's not really
yeah like no he's not yeah okay yeah and
the Punisher would not work with that
kind of flash like I'm imagine that
awesome fight sequence from 300 but it
was the Punisher and those two things
would not mesh well together right
thank you
all right we're gonna try that level
again with my uber craft no one would
make a decent Punisher really what you
would want for Punisher you you want you
want the violence to mean something
right in the Punisher like you you want
the vine do you you want the violence to
say something I think you do because
because we've had Punisher schlock
before and it just doesn't work I think
you want you want the violence to be
meaningful in the point is that it's
pointless he's not gonna end crime
he's not gonna what he's not gonna end
crime it's all for nothing right at the
end of the day yeah but that's that's
still the point okay right well or the
point of the Punisher is that he kind of
likes it right yes right yes and so the
violence would have a point a purpose
but you would need a director who could
handle that kind of nuance and so that
director is
that's the question that's the question
Punisher is an angel of vengeance that
that implies a fiery passion I imagine
Frank Castle more just cold and empty
yeah yeah yeah
cold empty like like I I like the idea
of the Punisher like who at one point
had that vengeance fire to him at one
point yeah but now it's just she's just
kill him for the sake of it just kill
him for the same kill yeah yeah yeah
okay so you know who you get you know
who you give a Punisher movie to this is
an this is an off-the-wall choice and
they would probably never do it but you
give it to the Coen brothers think you
think you think you're Miller's Crossing
okay think you're Fargo think you think
you're like your horror violence but
with a meaning and as good give them a
good stunt choreographer but you give it
to the Coen Brothers
not at all his Ripley's brought up
scrolled up
I had my hey I had a hovercraft
retreating car the anuses Punisher he is
not driven by fiery anger there's a cold
hangar yeah no you know I really liked
reading born because I think that kind
of get yeah I mean it had a shitty
ending but I got a shitty ending the end
end okay you know the end and whether
the supernatural elements well or no no
we may be vaguely kwazii's oh that
didn't even bother me the the board for
anybody who doesn't know yes okay it's
the story Garth ian is wrote is like a
it's actually about the punisher in
vietnam before his family is murdered
and he's already a psychotic son of a
bitch but the end end like the very I'm
talking to the very last panel shows him
like hugging his family and after he
made the deal with the devil and the
devil goes your family's gonna die like
it was just one of those so obvious
things that it made me roll my eyes
no the supernatural element didn't uh
didn't faze me it was just like that
cringey last panel Garth eNOS is the day
I did preacher but he officer did a lot
of he answered a lot of work on the
Punisher but the panel I love though
from from born is just when they find
him the day after the massacre yeah and
he he just looks like a living nightmare
covered in blood
surrounded by corpses yeah and he scares
the soldiers who come there to find out
what happened
there's a lot of really great great
sequences in in born but but just that
idea that the Punisher is a killer one
at the beginning from the beginning yeah
and then to he's got this vengeance
thing but yeah the the the character of
the Punisher is someone who enjoys
killing who wants to kill and finally
finds an abuse and to kill everyone and
the wife and child being murdered is
really really just an excuse yeah go on
killing
exactly so something like an old man or
an older Punisher a Punisher who's been
at it for a while and who almost accepts
the fact that he's just killing for fun
at this point I like that idea I like
that idea I'm trying to think of you
know the another good fit
possibly I've only seen one of his
movies but the guy who whoever it was
that that directed the witch and you
haven't seen the witch but he also had a
really good like driving tone good
horror elements and good really good
like despair everyone had this emptiness
about them he would make a good Punisher
movie he probably insist on casting the
girl who stars in the witch because
apparently she's his muse ah but you
know that's fine make her make her in
the movie too I don't care I liked it
he's only directed the witch really
that's amazing
I'm sucking I'm sucking at this is that
you're having a discussion about the
Punisher that's true that's true
Cronenberg already made the best
Punisher film in a history of violence
a street violence wasn't bad yeah that's
that's not a bad that's not a bad a take
that is not a bad take my friend
I will accept that the history violence
pretty good movie get up the fucking
hell almost son zoo says right upon the
field of battle right right you know
what I don't know whose quote that is so
I'm just not gonna read it that's the
smart decision right it's probably some
zoo but I don't know and so I'm not
going to read it I think you've made a
very smart decision yeah nunim says
would you rather have blood-borne too or
something new from from software I'm
willing to take a look at whatever they
want to make next
absolutely how about either oh fuck you
game
I got my hovercraft for this game rich
and then and then I came in here to do
the challenge and they gave me the cart
back because everyone always said hey go
get the hovercraft
I got all the extensions it's not as
easy as you thought well maybe you need
to get good I think I need to get good I
think that's exactly what I needs to
rich
do a little bit of that getting good I
hope this is some really awesome
shortcut in here Jack nope oh no I've
already oh I can't even believe these
people are still racing
oh they lapped me I just passed someone
on I'm still in eighth I went backwards
for a little bit why I got stuck okay
and it was all for nothing Nana says it
and previous stream you said MC you
characters will inevitably die and how
it stripe an interview recently honey
for us Kevin Feige Fiji fugu Fiji Kevin
Feige said he was inspired by all good
things and said you can have satisfying
his conclusion satisfying conclusions
without without death oh good I think I
was the one arguing against needlessly
killing the characters for no good
reason and everyone and everyone in the
chat even though prophet wasn't everyone
but basically everyone in the chose knew
who's gonna die don't go to die it it is
okay you can have a satisfying ending
without anyone dying you can up the
stakes without anyone dying yeah I don't
want anyone to die because I like all
the characters what I what I and a lot
of people are saying is it's probably
going to happen but why but why because
people still think that you do need to
kill someone to raise the stakes or to
move on to a new chapter something I was
uh I was reading something or watching a
YouTube video who knows I something got
in my brain the other day where they
were theorizing a decent candidate for
dying might be low key okay because low
key is a fan favorite you know the
villain from the first Avengers movie
everyone likes him but it's not
necessarily a hero dying a tragic death
so it could be an acceptable death it
could be Loki dragon
and see I I agree like death at can add
attention it adds it adds some states
let's read the looks for the line given
credit here sharks purse says oh yeah
it's not the characters need to die but
there's more attention to movies if you
believe it I mean depends upon what
movie you're watching do you need or
want that tension you like do you want
to go through a viewing of home alone
believing that Kevin McAllister can die
first of all yes I'm in the the Marvel
movies are fun action movies counter
yeah but I'm not necessarily need the
specter of death hovering over my head
and I think that's a that's a fair take
there there we go there we go
I might be able to catch up
so you're saying that ten years of
fighting earth-threatening situation
nobody dies that's goofy people running
around in tights oh can fly the whole
thing is kind of goofy man the whole
thing is kind of goofy man but fight
villains don't want to take over the
world
it's goofy it's a comic book movie it's
goofy it's gonna get goofy target about
it like it's fucking Saving Private Ryan
that's a movie where you get something
out of mentioned that somebody can die
yeah anybody can die drama personal bomb
yeah world war yeah those are good
stakes
not goofy this is serious but yeah this
comic book movies are serious business
like when they main that made the man
out of the metal that can't break and
he's got a jewel in his head you know
that guy a serious serious business rich
you know when the movement the fast man
went real fast real fast is serious that
he went serious fast
Nana says rich
why didn't you shit super hard I might
for ready player one cuz I didn't hate
the movie I didn't hate the movie hey
wait you want talk about ready player
one yeah
that's not ready player one yeah you
know what I didn't hate the movie I mean
the it has absolutely zero substance to
it and it says still okay second movie
right it's it's feel Berg doing a
Spielberg thing thank her for such a
bullshit oh yeah
oh no it has like nothing to offer you
as a movie but is that fun an
action-adventure stuff yep no III liked
a lot of it I thought it was neat even
that final battle with all the nostalgia
shoved in your faces yeah I know I know
because it's red letter media we're
supposed to hate everything that has
reference to reference for reference the
same yeah they were the references were
like on on the same level as the
references in wreck-it Ralph
except for maybe near the end things
started to get a little bit obnoxious
from the iron Giants running around
punching shit that was fun but otherwise
this one no it was all fun it was so fun
you know what at a certain point it the
references hit such a point where I was
actually looking around be like oh yeah
hey I got a thing yeah you know you know
you know where you know where the
references are bothering me okay
the book okay the mike-mike read the
book he had the book on unset we did
that review okay and when we're done
with the review I was curious
sure movie made me curious enough like
mine did I borrow your copy of the book
yeah and he said yes okay and so I took
the book home and I started reading the
book and the references make me sick in
the book
it reads it reads his pathetic okay
it reads as a middle-aged man going
through a midlife crisis and he's
insisting that his generation was the
best and that his generation is so
awesome even kids in the future are
going to be obsessed with his generation
kids in the future know there's nothing
better than Robotron I'm the Atari and
it just it's so pathetic it makes me
sick
alright that's fair
I have a friend who I grew up in the 80s
yeah I loved a lot of eighties things I
think they're great but just the way
it's handled in this book it makes me
sick the the complaint I heard from I
saw it when I was down in Texas you know
a couple buddies went and I had a friend
who had had also seen read the first
book and you know liked it and he says
well you know basically so the first
book is about you know the this nerd guy
who saves the world with his knowledge
of pop culture and you know that's kind
of lame and I oh yeah I can agree that's
kind of lame he goes and then he wrote a
second book and it's about this nerdy
guy who saves the world with his
knowledge of pop culture oh but it's see
that's the thing it's not pop culture
it's specifically the shitty four year
old writer of the books culture yeah
yeah yeah he's a it's a kid from the
future saves the world with some 40 year
old assholes pop culture and I have a 40
year a 40 year old asshole yeah I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna insist the younger
generations have to suck off things from
my childhood I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
burden them with that ya know but
overall the movies really fun like it's
it's fine here you know what tell me if
you notice this not ready player one all
the live-action stuff didn't it almost
seemed like they had like a fuzzy filter
on it like it the the movie is a very 80
movie-like you could easily replace it
with the Goonies and be fine the
complaint I had about the live-action
stuff yeah it and the computer stuff for
both cluttered out of like some contrast
okay either either the the computer
world's all clean and open spaces and
the real world is cluttered mess or just
something where they look more different
sure but they were both both settings
computer world and real world just just
clutter yeah like a button you know I
think that was supposed to be part of
the point but
no no Park this is a tease was the
coolest decade look I grew up in the 80s
I agree the 80s is an awesome decade but
like I said the book reads is just
pathetically trying to hold on to the
80s yeah pathetically 80s it's 80s wank
yeah
like page 40 I'm not sure if I'm gonna
pick that sound
Atari games suck Oh Oh very much Atari
I'm sorry yes
no kid from any generation whose would
like Atari games I mean you would when
it was the only thing you had but the
second the NES came out the Atari was
fucking obsolete agreed
first first games I played were on the
Atari 2600 the NES came out and they
were all obsolete no it's fight like
it's all fine it's all it's all very
it's all very nothing yeah but you know
it's it's classic it's a classic 80
movie 80s movie the evil corporation who
just don't they don't understand the
kids man and the kid standard stuff and
standard stuff and I thought uh I just I
just thought it was kind of cute there's
like a it's cute
like did you watch I'm assuming you
didn't watch the review I did I didn't
yeah well I hurt my final assessment was
if I were grading this Summits monitor
scale it would be over 50 okay somewhere
near 60 but it it doesn't make it into
fresh but that's not to say it's
horrible
it'd be what like what's the fresh Mart
or marker on it I think it's actually 60
60 it could be it could be 65 okay it
would be if okay let's say and I know
nothing about Rotten Tomatoes yeah let's
say it's 65 anything over 65 ml fresh I
would put it at 64 or 65 or it's like
just I think it's just right there I
don't think anyone is going to remember
this movie yeah because there's nothing
to remember it's just references and and
the references are cute for perspective
because I did shit all over rogue one
I'd put that at like a fifty one the
characters are a lot more worthless and
Rome one though
oh yeah they're well Rogue rogue ones
biggest downfall was they were trying to
take it seriously and see look I have
this I have I don't mind H&R; tennis
they're fine characters who the girl and
big dude who was a girl in ready player
one H yes and Artemis Artemis all I
heard H and are no oh I was like I was
like oh did I miss some characters know
every everyone's a fine character
everyone's fine it's all fine
Percival's kind of a dull but that's
every character in row 1 and that's the
difference
okay
oh yeah knows fine you know what an
equally fine movie is rich Pacific Rim
uprising I also saw that while I was on
vacation and you know just dumb movie
with some fun action see robots and big
monsters I saw it I was like yeah the
big dumb movie with big dumb action is
fine yeah I was fine I think it's fine
though I will say this about Pacific Rim
uprising I made a little joke on Twitter
about this which is I thought it was a
really decent Han Solo movie yeah the
the main character John boyega you know
the Finn
I've got Star Wars is the main character
of the Pacific Rim uprising okay
he plays someone with a military
background who either got kicked out or
left the military like organization and
is now kind of a scam artist and grifter
and then you know he uses his military
knowledge to be a good scam artist and a
grifter but then the military needs him
back oh my god so he uses his grifter
scam artist knowledge to help the
military because he's really a good guy
at heart and I was like oh this is just
a really this is the Han Solo movie that
we all need I I don't know much about
the Pacific Rim - is it one of those
sequels that has like other than
universe has no connections to the
original like entirely different
characters different people behind the
camera there's different people behind
the camera there there's mostly new
characters a lot of the old characters
do come back and a couple of the main
players are the people from the first
okay okay it has enough yeah the
character Indra Selma is in the first
movie in the characters his son Charlie
Day is back as in a major role the girl
from the first one is back for a bid so
there's enough okay there's enough okay
of a crossover it feels like a
legitimate sequel
where do I go now no Han Solo trailer
tonight and you're excited about this
don't be excited about that why does
John boyega have an American accent in
Star Wars because historically people
with British accents in Star Wars are
the bad guys okay okay I'm gonna I'm
gonna counterpoint you ooh shit he plays
a former stormtrooper oh you're right he
should have a pretty well
stormtroopers haven't had British
accents okay okay
all the all the P in the original sir
just the officers had British accent
stormtroopers spoke in American accents
so that's my counter counterpoint rich
that's per counter voice but you know
these are the important questions sure
we review Cizre and obi-wan have British
accents hmm his race accent British
rich Evans has lost the ability to see
the magic well in Star Wars yes it's a
series that should have ended 1983
all right all right that's fine oh my
god what am I gonna what am i doing
I need more balloons I need one more
balloon rich oh there we go I found it I
found a balloon can I get it all right
got it
does rain have a British accent I think
so but this is how much I care I like
best I can do is I think so alright
alright
that's right that's good I guess it's
good enough I guess that's good I mean
it's gonna have to be good enough cuz I
don't know
madam says why did the Plinko board
switch from using a puck to a ball the
puck kept getting stuck like halfway
down a group we gonna prop together the
topic ado did you did you do oh I got
stuck um the ball goes to the bottom
every damn time Oh shitty design
I'll explain myself in just a moment
here
I didn't mean Plunkett Oh Ridge okay so
like look at this area here right let me
back up because I've already lost this
race so I'm just gonna back up so look
at this area where do you think you have
to go to the right of each other to the
left and and I see that balloon under
the waterfall do you see that balloon
under the waterfall and so I say oh that
must be the way to go but that's so
clearly a wall though right but I hope
my thought my thought was that if I go
this way like oh maybe the waterfall
will give way because there's a balloon
over there okay okay I did I didn't
necessarily see all these balloons okay
here I know what the map looks like now
so you know Oh
nice in the rail area okay I'm gonna
retry this level I'm gonna I'm gonna
we're gonna rock it every time
no we haven't yeah I do I do what ya
think I don't work
oh is that oh I thought they were
talking with a race no okay so back to
the plane keto board yeah this is
important you we had the puck and the
puck kept getting stuck yeah and the
ball doesn't get still doesn't get
stopped and gives us fantastic
randomised results the ball is
fantastically consistent and it's got
more bounce to it when it is gonna help
make it more random yes and it looks
good too and it's just easy to pump up
all the ball works great
Jack you aren't doing very well I know
but that's okay we can try again gotta
grease the board I tried actually tried
coating the puck and some got a silicon
carbon lubricant stuff I've had a whole
bunch of different lubricants on various
different type of putts
none of the pups worked as well as that
fucking ball this yeah that ball works
great
get fucked everyone else
- Brits own some hooligans because I
went to the hardware store to buy them
after parks kept failing and shit all
over the board or you just use a fucking
ball or you just use a ball well and
like if we're looping the board do we
have to renew bit every is that is that
gonna create like horrible glare on
camera that that invites more problems
or you get a ball
dominated dominated through Karen Bob
Barker got that puck shit down for 40
years I mean they had a 40 year head
start and they had an entire production
crew of set designers engineers and a
budget actual engineer yes and money to
spend incognito Lance's Jack I have a
random question on Jack what are your
thoughts on the they might be giants
album the else I thought it was near
perfect but the Mesopotamians has no
business being on there I've been out of
place tonality the else not not in my
regular They Might Be Giants rotation I
would consider that lesser they might be
good so it's still fine out them has
some good songs to it usually for me if
I'm listening today might be Giants I'm
listening to Lincoln or John Henry or
flood or their self-titled which I go
back to a lot also factory showroom like
all of them just basically all of them I
know it's like those five those are like
my top five they might be giants and I
could I could go back to those five
albums at any time and listen to them
front to back and enjoy the shit out of
them
I am NOT the super fan you are right I
like the flood the floods a great ass
Ford's a great album I can't even name
other albums I'm on certain days I might
give it to John Henry as my favorite
just because I think that has some
killer songs on it
after that you start getting into you
know the else mink car how many more
they have a few choice albums can I name
the dialo song collection the the
McSweeney's collection stuff stuff like
that even even their new one I don't
much care for they just put out a new
album yeah
it's called oh my god I'm not a super
fan anymore I'm a what is what is their
album called just call it their new
album came to someone saying here comes
science it's called I like fun
their new album is called I like fun and
I've only listened to it a couple times
and it didn't really stick for me the
past a crime they might be past the
prime they're out touring again which is
nice they actually came to Milwaukee I
didn't get a chance to see them but ah
fuck
just got ruined rich what happened I'm
about to explain you have to go take a
big ship oh I'm gonna tell the story
first then I'm gonna take a big ship my
night just got fucking ruined that was
some iced coffee that I got from so you
have to take a big shit no cuz there's
no other shit in there's no there's no
there's no protein powder in that or
anything that was that was some iced
coffee uh-huh
I rather enjoy iced coffee and I want to
do something that I wouldn't have to
worry about if it got cool while we were
streaming cuz I'm just gonna drink it
throughout the night but I got warm no
it's something even worse I drink my
coffee black okay just coffee
and for some reason employees of coffee
shops have it in their head that if you
order iced coffee the default should be
to have sweetener in it and if you mix
sweetener with clean yeah it's not so
bad
this is great that's great
you mix sweetener with I'm an eighth
place god damn it if you mix sweetener
with unreal uncut I found ya I found an
absolute long time it's not actually the
worst but just sweetener and coffee
tastes like hot garbage and that's what
I just drink is sweetener and coffee
together sweetener an iced coffee and I
hated it and it made me feel goo so now
I'm gonna not have any caffeine for the
rest of the stream okay we got something
the French maybe we got something to
elicit but I don't know why it is that
they that they feel like they have to
put you guys not have they were in the
studio jack is the whole problem Jack
doesn't want the sweetener sweetener we
might have cream wants he wants it black
actually we probably don't have creamer
here because J and I are the only coffee
drinkers and we both drink our coffee
black there you go so my guess is no
there is no cleaner here
Hammet right ho Jeeves says hey guys
TV recommendation the tear on AMC it's
like Master and Commander it meets the
shining only three episodes have aired
so far and it's been outstanding spirit
tense and just terrific
alright let's go with terror to the
terror the terror L lenses but there's
an error the terror okay
that's it hello at 86 says hey rich hey
Jack yeah hey Chad oh I think they call
the chat Chad Oh today because because
we say well chattin and then I think I
think that's turned into a thing this
happened one of my nose I think this is
the thing I don't believe this is a
thing I've never seen you call
yourselves Chad before channel if you
have not seen me trying to tell you this
in Chad you can play story mode and
co-op go to the cheat input screen and
input joint-venture cheers and thanks
for t there's just a letter T thanks 41
and they were fine what are you thinking
about the game yeah that's fine it's
fine it's no Mario Kart but it's fine
they're they've given you more to do at
the expense of some things like level
design and that the expensive or just
those aspects aren't as good I would say
you know could a Mario Kart have given
you the more to do
could an actual Mario Kart game yeah I
think they could have liked that because
there is there's some fun ideas in here
like this this whole idea of unlocking
new levels you know working towards the
new levels to unlock that's neat
that's some decent content but I don't
think the levels are particularly good
and I don't and maybe it's just because
I'm not used to the controls but I'm not
a big fan of the controls Ryan
WH this Mario Kart has been slowly
taking mechanics from this game for like
20 years brah
listen Brad listen Brea uh Mario Kart
made a Mario Kart like ten years before
this game came out are you saying that
the original Mario Kart is just like the
most recent Mario Kart games and SNES
Mario Kart they're pretty similar here's
here's the question that when did this
come out relative to Mario 6 Mario Kart
64 oh good question that's a good that's
a good question that's a question for
Chad
after okay
just came out a couple years after
Austin Lawson no it's not terrible it's
not it's not a bad game I'm just gonna
prefer Mario Kart well your cart would
be a launch title wouldn't it
I have absolutely no recollection of
what launched on the n64 yeah no and
Mario Cart does not add a you know
doesn't really add stuff to the formula
they have every once in a while they've
added a thing my favorite of their
things that they've added has been in
double bash the GameCube version of
Mario Kart where you could have two two
racers on the same vehicle yeah and you
could like swap the racers for different
then it got rid of that is too weird
people didn't like the double dashing
we're gonna see if we can ridden win
this race and then we'll change it up
this is gonna sound completely
irrelevant nowhere but we're just
talking about other games where you
drive cars and that's why I'm thinking
about it great
whatever happened to twisted muttering
why isn't twisted metal school thing
that's a good question
people people like smashing cars yeah
what was the point of twisted metal
beside smashing cars smash the curse
that was it yep car combat maybe it
maybe it was just too basic
getting a ps3 game but it did mediocre
okay okay and enemas room for another
twisted metal I'm with you rich well you
know what actually we don't know if we
need twisted metal anymore because now
we have rocket League are these things
any alike just cars going crazy haven't
you ever gotten the demolition oh fuck
not up here not up here we've ever
gotten the the demolition perk in rocket
League come on come on come on
I've played a bunch since Perks a little
bit no I mean like not the perk of
another one of those game modes they've
added no no it's a
where were you smash enough people you
get to not perk perk is the wrong word
you win a game and you smash on a lot of
people instead of like on your victory
on your victory platform they say
demolition ex oh yeah pepper Burke was
the wrong things
okay I've done some good a game mode
with stray other cars the randomizer
fuck you game I'm stuck alright as much
as as much as I've shit on it yeah I've
got a I've got a I've got a great idea
okay I've got a great idea no work in VR
Oh mister twisted metal of you arm
no no y-you need one sec you're driving
a car and you can shoot hey you get you
can have alright here's what you can do
here's what you could do in VR twisted
metal okay you couldn't do with a
controller yes or even a keyboard and
mouse okay while you're driving you can
also like shoot conveniently like you
have like a gun in your hand all right
all right now you're selling me a little
bit so so one while you're driving one
controller is the steering wheel and
this yeah you're all right that sold me
a bit I like it I like it and then when
you go to look you're not you're not
steering the car you just you'd still
drive straight but you can easily look
over and yeah it's something else yeah
I'm gonna say VR would work for twisted
metal now you're talking now that's
that's the selling point have different
different weapons yeah different
vehicles alright if not necessarily
twisted metal just some other kind of
car game yeah car destruction yeah yeah
okay then
just the Uglies look at it wouldn't be
twisted metal anymore we can call it
something else I don't care
car smash them ups wreck the super wreck
the car vo sure super wreck the car VR
alright game Sameer you're putting on a
breath of the wild mamma says just what
a sad love you guys and get Jack back on
it's been almost he okay back on it's
been almost a year he comes home when he
wants come on man was s hey fellas just
watch Justice League for the first time
why I was bummed they didn't use Martha
to bring Superman back if her name can
stop Batman
she's obviously powerful enough to stop
evil Superman yeah or why make the movie
at all oh when you're never and you can
wait to your back
visible string says baseball player
George Brett was once being filmed by a
local news crew and trolled them by
yelling by telling an incredibly
detailed story about shitting his pants
in Vegas the YouTube vid recommended
okay Nana says I know you said you don't
want to get into politics but what do
you think some reviews of far cry 5
considering it a negative that it takes
place in middle America and doesn't get
too political I think it's stupid to
criticize something for not getting
political or forgetting political like
let them do what they want to do me
right they want to get political let him
get political they don't want to get
political they don't get blue it's not a
message they want to tell they are okay
right there you know I don't you don't
do it you don't have to that's not much
better that's not much better at all
yeah sugar-free Red Bull that's what you
have in the fridge rich hides up I'm
also just thinking the other day