Episode 077
Stream(featuring Zelda)(Part 2)
April 26, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5YINZCsHR0
___________________________________________

let's see what we got here
mm-hmm rewind Chuck says rich and Jack
have you seen that episode of black
mirror with the godlike evil Star Trek
captain if so what do you think has Mike
seen it I would watch the shit out of
that show Cheers did you see black
mirror with it I did not I did in here
I'm sorry
I like black mirror I like a lot of
black mirror I didn't see I don't know
if I saw any of the new season to tell
you the truth any of the new seasons I
think there's two new seasons now good
morning neon Leon from Germany good
morning invisible strings as rich yeah
any updates with your neighbors and the
prank they 100% deserved I have not
heard from them well there you go
there you go
anonymous says hey Jack I know you're a
beer guy do you have a favorite type of
cheap beer living in Milwaukee
I'm sure you've got endless selection of
great beer but you must have a favorite
shitty beer which is the green screen
broken someone's asking me to fix the
green screen what's wrong with it I
think the green screen looks fine
now you're a crazy person green-screen
looks fine okay
cheap beer here we go here's here's a
that you guys I thought we wanted to get
away from controversial topics let's
talk about cheap beer cuz everyone has
their own opinion on what cheap beer is
the best cheap beer I'm okay with PBR
with your past I think that's a that's a
fine cheap beer usually that's the cheap
beer that's most available places and I
think that's a perfectly acceptable
cheap beer but if I am going cheap like
if I'm out and you know they only have
the basics nunna none of the good stuff
I will usually go with high life Miller
High Life
that's my cheap beer of choice it's
light smooth decent flavor so Miller
High Life or Miller Lite I'm also okay
with Miller Lite just because sometimes
you feel like water sometimes you
feeling just drinking water and and
that's what you get sometimes you feel
like a nut some and sometimes sometimes
you are one
oh you fancy the the day high life is
considered fancy something is wrong in
your life
my life is like carbonated water it's
kind of impressive it's great definitely
need to practice the shield bash oh nice
did it did it oh yeah
angry orchard is really nice cider have
you seen is it angry orchard or is it
like Mike's hard that is making a no you
did miss tough thing come back yeah so
what up one of them one of the either
the hard cider people or maybe like
Mike's Hard Lemonade is making an
alcoholic carbonated water like a
Lacroix but with a little bit of booze
in it to capitalize on the trend of
sparkling water just like Alka
now it has alcohol alcoholic sparkling
water go I think it's great
why not just put vodka and look Roy
right
sparkling water is a trend yes
sparkling water is is very trendy at the
moment
EMW box PBR doesn't taste different post
hipster but it's usually just more
expensive poster post hipster yes the
the reason that PBR became trendy again
is because everyone was drinking it and
the only reason everyone was drinking it
was because it's a halfway decent cheap
beer and so it's a cheap beer that
everyone would buy and you know young
artists would get together and buy cheap
beer and it was usually papst yeah but
then it became cool because like young
hip people were drinking it so they
started jacking up the price and so now
it's like kind of expensive cheap beer
exactly yes that's exactly what it
sounds like it defeats the purpose yes
oh you fucking trendsetters so then
everyone started looking for the next
cheap beer that would be like popular so
they could you know capitalize on
whatever and nothing hit quite as hard
as PBR
what's my craft choice spot of cow isn't
alright beer I usually prefer an IPA and
so we have so many craft beers here in
Milwaukee I am a big fan of MKE brewing
they they make an a couple really
excellent IPAs but there's there's just
far too many yeah that's pretty good
no well Ford but I you know there's no
there's a lot of good beer there's a lot
of good beer out there which is great
my PJs are bad for my good name I like
some
how do do do-do-do work me back out know
what uh oh wait I can't get out all
right
the dude was gone and I needed to leave
and you just go to the shrine and he's
like what what do you want I already
gave you the thing my soul is supposed
to be at rest
telegin says what is your favorite
celebrity trying to revive their long
dead career what oh oh I guess Roseanne
I don't know oh great no have you seen
the new show I need to I haven't
is it working I know what's on the
broadcast TV that's probably why I
haven't seen where do you go to watch it
on the Internet's you could present it
like a modern adult
what uh what station is it on ABC then
my guess is you go to abc.com maybe see
that corn yeah okay and then they would
have it streaming maybe okay so I
haven't seen it I used to watch Roseanne
I enjoyed it I was very sure back in the
day I loved it I don't know what the new
ones like right it's got an advert good
word of mouth Oh
most good I haven't heard anything
because much like you I don't watch a
regular television if it's not on
Netflix I just don't hear about it right
unless it's on the CW but I don't watch
it on the CW i watch it on the CW app on
my Apple TV so I guess I might have an
ABC app that I could go to and watch but
then I'd have to be reminded of it and
turn into a whole thing what do we think
of ash vs. Evil Dead I'm waiting to
binge watch it oh I didn't yeah we
talked about that before though the new
season is that but I left on that last
season ended on a real sour note for me
so I haven't been very excited to watch
the new season I've heard it's good yeah
yeah all right I might believe you I
guess oh okay great I'm Jack I'm glad to
hear I'm not a trustworthy source for
you you I'm not trusting you you said oh
I heard it's good which means like you
don't even know who'd you hear it from
rich cite your sources giving you shit
Jay Bowman what's Jay Ballman says it's
good what rich well I didn't mean to do
that
you were electrocuted you goddamn horse
horse it's a my fuck away
what asked arwing asks a very unusual
question what would our LM be uncensored
if it could be what do you mean what we
like the occasional nudity on best of
the worst I don't give it all that much
thought honestly I don't
it's not I don't think it's censored for
content I just think it's censored so
it's not super distracting yeah that's a
that's a very weird question as I I
don't think our alum is censored in any
way unless you're just thinking about
the nudity I think we the only thing
they're actually talking about huh that
could be the only thing they're talking
about I guess is it is it that important
to you that you see the nipples when we
talk about the movie yeah thank you
smart @tsmart gnashed as there are
better places to find tits friend that's
true there are their entire web sites
devoted to that sort of thing so see
does he get healing if I feed him he
might like you again that probably just
pissed him off yeah see look that's oh
no you're afraid you might have just
made him upset at you because he knew it
was you so what are you doing keep
losing truck that shrine because I have
to go to save somebody's ass from
something did you mark it I didn't
because I thought I'd just run right
there but then shit keeps coming up and
then I keep losing track of where the
shrine is that's that's how it works
there's a shrine I think so you're right
more to your right there's a shrine
that's what I've been doing oh no you
haven't been to now and it's orange well
oh sorry shrine not tower I keep a demon
tower
sorry
Anonymous's hey Jack did you ever try
out the Sierra series quest for glory to
was just fantastic old adventure games I
am too as the best in the series no oh
my go I haven't tried them nobody I
never finished the last one mm-hmm
one is great two was amazing
three is awful I think it was slapped
together first pretty damn good yeah and
then I never finished five there you go
there you go you got gotta get them
bananas do i why do you have so many
bananas because I was in the rainforest
oh okay they literally grow on trees 50
fucking bananas
Oh puzzle right a puzzle
oh okay
hey the Stavros so obnoxious hey you
take care of another gun for viola for a
while it's fine
lip get out of here all right so here
and Mike here with him
this one I think is fine oh that
probably just goes yeah
close enough
like that close enough dude hey rich
yeah anonymous wants to know if we can
get your thoughts on the original crew
Star Trek the original series it's a
fantastic show
I love the start yeah I love it right
under TNG okay I know most people assume
I'm supposed to like deep space 9 most
or right after TNG but and it's third on
the list okay
TNG and TOS thank you well there you go
oh they might be talking about the
movies the saying I personally love six
and two and really appreciate one in
three movies I love one more than most
the two is so probably the best I mean
the icon and undiscovered country is
Fantastic Four's cute I mean it's a
gimmick gets gets cute for is cute
yeah the was saving the whale saving the
whales yeah it's durable that is true
my opinion of Night Court I love my
court back in the day Night Court is a
fantastic show is a fantastic show you
know I believe got a start at a Night
Court
mmm brent Spiner oh yeah there's a
reoccurring character that's great
that's great
no night guard it's fantastic I used to
watch that show all the time it was on
it was on like reruns all the time
really you can burn them and you
probably just have to do it like a like
a spin burn a polenta
yeah I don't think is gonna work
fuck it I think you didn't shoot a
burning arrow yeah laughs I'm yeah not
if I win I get it whatever I kiddin use
your sword that's weird
it is weird
fire causes this game to chug sometimes
this game chugs sometimes
oh speaking of Nintendo switch games
chugging yeah some disappointing news
from from software Oh the Dark Souls
getting a little bit of a push back but
only for the switch so Dark Souls
remastered is still coming out next
month for ps4 Xbox and PC but if you
want it on the switch you have to wait
until summer 2018 nobody saw that coming
well I figured they had their shit
together already but yeah getting pushed
back cuz when you're making Dark Souls
for a tablet you got it you got a really
tinker with the controls
what's the difference between dark sold
remastered and the PC version is there a
PC version the first one I think there
is there is a PC version
what's the difference I can only assume
in your assuming you shouldn't assume oh
then I don't know you know what happens
when you assume yes I turn yes it makes
a dickhead out of you and me yeah yeah
frequently frequently when games that
come out on console get remastered yeah
they don't release a PC remastered
version because the PC version yeah
already has the nice resolution that's
all they really do for the remastering
right right so you might be gaining
nothing if you're if you have access to
the PC version that's true well but we
do know that the PC version is only like
optimized if you run special additional
software like you know it cobbled
together
okay code does it download the software
right and you hit install and you're
done
sure it's not rocket science I was too
lazy to do it the time we streamed but
it really isn't rocket science no no
it's not but you're you're relying on
third-party code that who knows if it's
gonna be updated with this patch of that
patch oh you're right you should
probably wait on the Nintendo version
that they can't even get working
oh or by the the official from software
PC remastered version so everything runs
smoothly or by the one that's already
out and get the dsfix is what I think it
was called
I actually have no idea what it fixes
all I know is it's coming to the switch
and that's what I want to play it on
because I like playing stuff on the go
so it doesn't matter to me if this was
even original Dark Souls coming to the
switch with no remastering I probably
get it for the switch and that's why I
play it I have no concept for what
they're doing to improve it I assume
there's some improvement just because
why are you actually just a research why
I want to play it on the switch it might
be doing okay I mean you just want the
portability I get that that's yeah so
the so the the rest of it really doesn't
matter to me okay okay yeah I'd love to
watch them play demons soul you can we
did play it that demons demons there we
do demons
yeah sure if I didn't sure we did I am
100% sure we played demons soul on
stream we didn't get very far
yeah we goofed around a little bit and
we all said oh yeah this is a lot like
Dark Souls that's fun I don't call yep
we've we've also played a lot of games
on the stream so it's okay
we oh no we played Dark Souls on stream
that was a really early stream but then
we've also played demons souls yes but I
and I see you I see you that our green
screen is going crazy again what what
what would you like to do about this I
don't I don't know green screen hates
blue oh like maybe the TV is reflecting
enough of a blue light sometimes that
could be
that could be
it happens when the game is right now
huh then there's not a lot we can do
about that if there's if there's that
kind of color change the green screen is
gonna flip out
I'm very sorry all right we got storm
Templar who says evening internet
uncle's who is best placed to win
the streaming wars that have already
begun as their streaming we're going on
no cuz everyone's pretty cool with
having a couple channels at the moment
are we on the right side of the
streaming war oh yeah so you got Netflix
Hulu Amazon and you know all the other
ones Oh video streams of video streaming
yeah no not our streaming wars there's
gonna be 8,000 of these channels and
after you were glad to cut the cable
yeah and you didn't have to pay $80 a
month cable now you're gonna have to pay
$120 to subscribe to all of these 30
different streaming services they're
gonna pop up Disney's finest right
Sony's Netflix you flex we flex they
flex they flicks has some really
interesting content Hulu Plus super Hulu
Plus yep YouTube TV streaming is good is
good they've ruined it corporations have
ruined it
yeah you know so who's winning right now
the probably Netflix
everybody needs Netflix well not for now
yeah who's winning right now I think I
think long-term I don't think long-term
what's good for Netflix long-term they
have to they in order to just just to
stay afloat
yeah in order to keep up they have to
keep knocking they're originals out of
the fucking park constantly from here on
out but here's the constantly they have
to they don't stop they don't have to
keep knocking them out of the park
yeah because they already don't knock
all of their originals out of the park
the ones that they don't knock out of
the park you never hear of because
you're not interested in when there's a
2-year dry spell and there's nothing
that's good or interesting comes out for
there won't ever be that okay okay
here's the problem here's the problem
because you say they come up with so
many different things now that shit
ain't cheap no it's not that shit ain't
cheap and it's good can they keep up
with the spending they need to have to
have 30 different nice shows every year
they seem to be doing it all right they
seem to be doing it
meanwhile you know you don't like Disney
they're gonna jump into this game and
they got their huge fucking library
backing them up and have to worry about
that shit
Oh Disney's gonna gonna stir up this
shit pot or real cool yeah yeah
absolutely I think I think Netflix are
ahead for now but oh god it's gonna be
it's gonna be very similar to what
happened with the console wars okay
Nintendo was the only ones around pretty
much was them and them and uh Sega right
both both video game niche guys doing
their consoles yeah and then when the
mega corporations who had money behind
them with their other endeavors decided
to come into the game they just were
able to fucking shoved and tendo in to a
little corner and flat out and kill Sega
that's true that's the I think that's
Netflix in 15 years they're gonna be
they're gonna be the Nintendo are just
gonna screaming okay I don't know if
they'd be gone they they have found a
little they have found a corner for
themselves where they have enough of the
programming that enough people want with
their original stuff but they have to
keep spending a lot of the money that
they're making yeah it's going right
into making new shows Epson how long
before they get just exhausted or before
profit margins become too thin yes yeah
absolutely so long term I don't know man
long term well I mean listen we know
what the answer is long term Disney wins
because they have the most money Disney
has the most toys so they will win
always yep but for now but I still think
Netflix can put up a decent fight sure
and there now and for now they are
winning absolutely all the other
channels have enough to keep them afloat
but not enough to sustain them I don't
think as long as prices are cheap
they'll still be around but they won't I
don't think they're gonna last for very
long
Netflix needs to consistently hit the
stranger things lottery but they don't
that's like the straight this you called
the stranger things lottery because
stranger things is part of your niche
area of expertise that's why you love
stranger things the exact same person
who loves old 90s sitcoms goes they need
to keep hitting it out of the park with
fuller house right and and the exact
same person who's only into dystopian
sci-fi bullshit goes they need to keep
hitting it out of the park with altered
carbon because that's how Netflix works
extreme niche marketing has anybody
subscribe to Netflix for altered carpet
maybe I don't know I do know of people
who subscribe to them for fuller house I
know about that don't forget about the
hordes of Adam Sandler
you might have said that as a joke but
it is true Adam Sandler has a lot of
legitimate fans how much does it cost to
make an Adam Sandler movie you know
Netflix you know how cheap he makes how
much you know how cheap he makes it yeah
but then he yeah but the reason he does
it is because he asked for a shitload of
money and then he makes it cheap so he's
probably asking Netflix for a shitload
of money the Gannet are they are Netflix
are they spending more on TV show and
movie R&D; than they're making in actual
subscriptions no no they turn on a
profit
all right apparently though their profit
margin isn't as wide as HBO's because
you know HBO still has less original
programming even though they spend more
on it they have they get more backer
there was something that came out
recently about HBO having a much larger
profit margin
I thought Netflix was losing money i I
thought that too but I haven't looked
into it too deeply and I think there I
thought at least that they were making
money it's just not they're not making a
huge amount of money yeah HBO does get a
lot of sweet-ass cable money I wish you
can do tricks
what is this SSX tricky I gotta be cute
it would be it would be
I care about the rose and revival I do I
need to find the spot where I can watch
it on the Internet's cuz I'm I'm not I
don't frequently watch broadcast TV talk
to that going on yeah hold on okay
they're right I think you can go to
abc.com
it'll have them it should or ABC like
go.com or something one of those okay
should have them or does your does your
Smart TV have apps and you can get the
ABC app on your Smart TV live stream
from your watch I got YouTube TV to
watch the Olympics oh okay then you
might be able to watch it via the
something app I don't know if it let you
watch older stuff with YouTube TV they
might I don't know I don't know amazon
has deeper pockets than Disney but
Disney has a significant catalog
advantage yeah Amazon doesn't have the
toy names deeper pockets than Disney
fucking Amazon Bezos man yeah I know B's
those rules all I know they got a
shitload of money but Disney was able to
afford to spend four billion dollars on
Star Wars that's but you know what
Amazon did they didn't spend four
billion dollars and Star Wars and Star
Wars that's true does it matter how
shitty the movies aren't people are
still dying to see the fucking Han Solo
movie because it says Star Wars I think
I still think Amazon's got more money
but they don't have the toys Amazon
doesn't have the Star Wars they don't
have the superheroes they don't have the
princesses when Amazon sold they don't
have the Pixar what Amazon sells the
Disney products yeah doesn't he gets cut
of that I'm just saying but uh but also
when Amazon so
the bootleg Disney products just Amazon
gets the profits apparently spending 1
billion on their Lord of the Rings show
I thought that was Netflix that was
gonna spend a billion dollars on the
Lord of the Rings show which I I have to
imagine that's just a Lord of the Rings
that's a that's a big geek franchise
people watch it
Zelda again why not play metal gear
rising because that game was it sure to
play and I thinking of you're thinking
of survive oh I am that game was it
rising was the one by platinum oh well I
got a platinum eight and I like platinum
but I still hate Metal Gear it's it's
like I'll try it someday probably yeah
and and to sell the breath of the wild
in replaying it
I might make a bold statement that I
might were going to make a bold
statement that I might regret yeah Zelda
breath of the while might be the best
game to come out in the last five years
breath the well yeah not five years what
came out in last year's dooms very good
I put breath of the wild let's come to I
put a breath well fine I mean for my
world
no ok it doesn't beat either of those
two okay in my world's breath of the
wild is the best game to come out in
five years I'm not even sure ooh this is
B blood-borne oh and that's competition
Oh dog it's close
it might beat it it's close
you guys are listing a lot of really
great games I I have never it's hard for
me to remember I don't want to say I've
never it is hard for me to remember a
game that I have played so
enthusiastically for a second time
and with the same joyful reaction the my
second playthrough this game has has
reawaken and I loved it the first time
and I loved it extra hard the second
time that might be too much sure is
now I remember hating this one I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna get slightly more
specific while I think it might be the
best game in the past five years it is
by no means the most perfect game oh
nice I thought that was gonna be too
much uh hi you overdid it you did it
just right congratulations
I think breath of the wild has more
flaws than a blood-borne has in my in my
opinion but I still think the positives
outweigh okay plus so while blood-borne
is a goddamn perfect game
I think the highs of breadth of the wild
might beat it out
I love blood-borne you guys know I love
blood-borne Celt surfaces now Jack says
some stupid shit and it's true I do we
can all agree on this I thought no it's
true
you around to the left of that one
oh the highs and bloodborne are pretty
damn highs and I'm not sure there's any
lows it's it's a it's got gosh dang
perfect game but the the overall feeling
of breath of the wild beats it out for
me
just Iike beat he could be correct walk
without rhythm says or I'm sorry big
rooster 83 says this game is Shadow of
the Colossus with extra crap you're very
wrong you're very wrong my friend and
that's okay
whoo that might be it that might be it
oh just barely on this is a tough one
this is a tough one here rich that take
like a slight step to your left right
fine speed just a little bit harder
which system is this game for I'm
guessing PS what Nintendo the this this
current game that we're playing is
seldom breath of the wild for the
Nintendo switch also out on the Wii U
you might be asking about blood-borne
which we've been also talking a lot
about which is out on the PlayStation 4
just you know just in case
all right how many hits till we get to
the center of a Tootsie Pop you can do
it and he's just got it you got to find
that come at it from the right angle
yeah that looks pretty good
listen what's the next big game you're
looking forward to it
I have to go more oh no no God no oh
Braga
you you uh you over corrected and then
double over correct yeah you fucked that
right up the next big game what's the
next what's the next big game you
looking for next Triple A what's what's
coming out what's coming up I there's
there's the God of War that's coming up
pretty soon there's the Spider Man is
getting a lot of press what level of
looking forward to what's what's the
next big game that you that you think
will be good just just good that might
be got a war yeah that might be okay
I suppose that it could be yes that's
true I'm really looking forward to that
spider-man ah man that that uh that
could be a lot of fun if what I've seen
not not my socks off oh that's it that's
it you got it
rich did it that was so it I thought I
was it I think it just has to land and
they're perfect doesn't it
yeah like the bounce is just gonna
happen well you just have to hit
straight oh oh speaking of bat
Battletech oh man this is even more
perfect or looking
No maybe I thought maybe even hit it
perfectly it wouldn't bounce out I'll
just count you just touching the thing
that was so close
speaking of Battletech someone gifted
you rich yeah
Oh a pre-purchase of Battletech knowing
that you were looking forward to that
nice yeah so remind me to get you that
code oh that's not it you got to move a
little bit no good that might be it
that might be it but but not enough room
sometimes euros fail sometimes just okay
to give up come back to it later two
three four five did I hit something they
hit the pillar other people some people
are saying they take the ball off of the
pedestal and move it back a little bit
that's not good do you have any other I
got you got the axe no we failed yep
that's right this looks quite hard it is
yeah this one you have to be very person
and you just get a treasure chest I'm
sure there's something good in that
treasure chest yeah
I forget what but like rich I already
beat the shrine he can already get the
spirit orb but that was just for a bonus
treasure chest so completely optional I
mean I guess technically all shrines are
completely optional right this one's
extra optional you think oh if that's
all it is if all it is in there is an
ancient core then fuck it
no age of course great yeah but you can
get those easy can you I don't know if
that's easy you just go go kill the the
Guardians killing Guardians is one of
the easiest thing to do in the game once
you know how stock up on shields and
just start reflecting
what we got here
what do we get Doh Dan Z says Jack and
rich have you played any of the Metro
games no their story focused FPS is set
in a post-apocalyptic Moscow Metro rich
might like it but probably has too much
story for Jack check it out
or Downton I don't even know if I've
heard I've heard him don't even know if
I've heard of Metro there's so much so
many games so many games to play
ah doctor lube it up says rich the
expression on my face was identical to
yours during the Faust
portion best of the worst
I even covered my face at points yeah
it's not an easy watch Faust apparently
and actually like I'm really upset about
this the the Unrated DVD is even worse
JJ texted me saying the DVD has all the
stuff that was cut out like the and I
was like oh god we gotta watch the DVD
now redo the whole show you two creepers
yeah come here and have a special
screening me and J we're gonna we're
gonna get some coffee watch the Unrated
DVD cut a Faust cuz that's the one to
watch but uh so I'm a little
disappointed that we didn't watch that
what a mission for me wasn't you was it
one of them had a mission for you
classic tit puddle that was a good
episode the best of the worst yeah yeah
okay episode of Faust I'm saying there's
a good episode of powers don't you
haven't you seen the whole series by now
rich no best source it was a that was a
fine episode some of you know sometimes
I'll see you in episode of best vs. I
think I yeah that was fine oh that's
right no more heroes threes coming out
at some point oh that's true Travis I'm
a prehensile about changing the voice
I'm very apprehensive about that you is
you you really enjoy the original Travis
touchdown yeah one of the most quotable
video game characters mm-hmm that'll be
an interesting one it'll be interesting
to see what they do but yeah good that
guys weak-ass painting that's son Hart
is not that it's not that involved in
high role I mean they do get wiped out
every couple hundred years it just
completely decimated by can and so yeah
they probably have a lot of time for the
leisure activities like art
rich has no interest in anime but he
likes no more heroes well one more
exceptions to every rule and and
secondly I almost view No More Heroes is
more of an anime parody sure sure but
some people would say that about a lot
of animes well this is the anime that
makes fun of anime but it's still an
anime but it nia makes fun of anime and
but you know that can be said about
anything in any genre so fucking sudden
oh you showed you where the castle one
is guess what it's right in front the
castle oh that one yeah yeah you know
where that one is either of us use the
pro controller exclusively when when we
first got our switches what what was it
a year ago yeah I I think neither of us
made it more than 15 minutes without
buying a pro controller that dumbass
plastic thing that you put your joy
comes in to play games was I was talking
about this the other day with someone
who just recently got a switch and like
what what that plastic thing is is
perfectly serviceable like it works
kinda but if you have any sort of long
gaming session you need the pro
controller which unfortunately is still
like 60 or 70 dollars for a controller
60 or 70 I just forgot that's how much
it was cuz they knew that the joint cons
are fucking garbage they are garbage oh
they're so garbage but yeah the pro
controller is great it feels great holds
a holds its charge for a long time but
using the joy cons without the plastic
thing is a hundred times better it might
be a hundred times better than using the
plastics thing plastic thing yeah but I
still like this better than that oh yeah
do you recommend the switch at this
point or not it is which is fun yeah
which is fine
this guy's got some good games it's a if
you are a person who plays any games on
the go this was switches where it's at
at the moment as as a PC guy I'm just
kind of annoyed that you have to buy
different boxes to play different games
right just put it all on the fucking PC
god damn it
that's my opinion right right right
but no I think it's a switch as a fine
console we've already reached that point
in the switches lifespan where you know
for the first couple of months it was
out there were no games to play and now
there are the store is flooded with
games and it's really hard to search and
curate those games it's just at it's
flooded with absolute garbage but still
has good games good system oh yeah I
mean that was my plan I got so
distracted but just all of the stuff the
beautiful routes all of the stuff isn't
it goddamn beautiful like I'm gonna go
and and and go do this right oh it was
this oh I'm gonna go on into fucking
adventures what you're gonna do I'm
going to this tower this isn't the this
isn't the great tower I think for the
resort that's by the Zoras but fuck it
out it's right here who cares man you're
questing I need to make some money yeah
oh look you shot that deer right in
front of its baby shit nope octo rack
octo rack
but over else which is a fine game
Christ you know especially like you know
for someone like me who is often I often
find myself kind of stuck in a place for
you know a half hour at a time because I
have children you go to a place you
gotta wait while the kid does the thing
and then you know take the kid home the
switch is perfect as is Zelda cuz yeah
the kid goes and does the thing and okay
go I'm gonna go check out that tower
over there and see if it's dragon see
the dragons wait mm-hmm it's done put it
away get home plug it into the TV that's
perfect it's just perfect
the the switch delivers on the promise
that the Vita gave to us and never
delivered fully for those for those tens
of us who got a PlayStation Vita huh and
we were promised start a game on your
Vita finish it on your ps4 and it was it
was an exciting promise that it never
quite delivered on perfectly or smoothly
I see you I see you you fucking octo
cock well what's that there is that a PS
Vita well I hear that game that has a
ton of games to it stop at Jack I love
my binding of issac machine that is true
Vida vida is fine I love to my Vita I
loved my Vita and the Vita still has
games that the switch does not yet have
on it though it's under a pile of dust
my Vita
Oh too bad I hate it when you go out of
stealth after the sneak strike like why
would I want to go out of stealth after
the sneak storm Oh does it automatically
take out a cell did me oh I'm sorry
vitas mostly my nuclear throne machine
yeah nuclear throne
it was my spelunky machine for a while
and i did a lot of speelunk evita had a
decent salt and sanctuary ron that's
where i got all of my darkest dungeon
time in a binding of issac of course and
just a gajillion hours of binding I've
Isaac on my Vita just dancing and
skipping along not knowing those days
about the gift fucked
nice shot thank you patience yeah one
shot yeah oh man i'ma go climb that
Tower
oh yeah he's over there oh oh it's about
to start fucking raining and games
everybody it's raining gotta take a
break game five-minute break
it's raining okay let's stop I can't
climb anything this is fucking raining
weren't awful mechanic what a fucking
terrible mechanic I get it but yeah
there this is the thing is I think the
game has some problems the rains a
problem yeah weapon durability is a
problem I don't like the music I know
other people really like the music but I
don't like the music I get it they want
they want you to force you into some
situations they wanna they want to force
you into bad situations they want to
cause me to sit here and do nothing for
a few minutes right well what you know
what they're really hoping is what your
climate you're climbing a mountain going
somewhere it starts to rain you slip and
fall off and end up somewhere unexpected
Jack I spent the last 15 minutes
painstakingly climbing up the side of
that mountain right half of that half of
that my a halfway up I'm not gonna
fucking stop now because get really uh
open-world games need weather period
yeah but they don't have to stop you
from climbing they don't have to remove
one of the central gameplay mechanics
like what if you just used slightly more
stamina while climbing when it was
raining yeah so it still had a negative
effect but it didn't make you you know
slip and fall and completely stop
climbing yeah
James I Cameron says do you think that
Nintendo will ever reintroduce a new
game boy or is it switch style consoles
from here on out switched on consoles
from here on out yeah at first in
Nintendo was pretty adamant about like
the switch being their console and still
you know they're still making game
uh-huh for now for now they're still
making games for the 3ds for the for
their DS system but with the new
announcement of a switch Pokemon game
Wow it's done it's done the Pokemon has
been their money-making machine for ages
now can we safely put that in the
category of no shit what is that really
a surprise that they would dump the the
Gameboy and just make the shit for the
switch now
well it's they could have held out the
3ds and made it a different you know
like if they said no our Pokemon game is
only coming out in the 3ds the 3d I
still would have been incredibly
successful well you know because people
love those games
mole mitts problem is is probably
correct here that says they probably had
a back-up plan if the switch failed
right right that's most likely why they
made that announcement is if the switch
failed they could say no see the 3ds has
been different how long we're gonna
continue making 3d yeah the switch is a
big success so they're probably gonna
start migrating everything over there
yes which I'm gonna be ok with and they
probably can't migrate everything over
because the you wascally electric guy
yep they didn't with the bomb
oh there you go right in the kisser
yeah not doing enough damage but you
know I don't I don't have the patience
for this shit fuck you that's what you
get I'm still not comfortable playing
something that big in public the switch
I mean it's fine it's fine people people
use their iPads to take pictures in
public that's weird
no it's all fine I feel it actually
helps playing it in public if you have
cut the colorful joy cons like if you
have the greyjoy cons I feel like that
looks weirder than if you have the
colorful ones
are you going waiting for him to get
back and ring oh no I meant him nice
big dummy I saw a guy using VR on a
subway car you're fine man right here's
the rocket you eat Iraq that's okay he's
dead that's such a monster move
just pick up a rack hey I got my
bomberos back nice Breen is God says
just my quarterly plea for Space Quest
three fuck Mike cetera etc plea noted
more space quests sooner or later yeah
no no link link link link we what what
just happy he wouldn't grab on the
fucking wall he got scared I don't wanna
let go my glider