Episode 079
Adventures in Babysitting (pt 1)
April 29, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KI2Etq_A03U
______________________________________

the audience now there's now they hear
nothing here's hey everybody
presumably yeah I see levels do you get
levels down ah ba ba ba ba and sound
great
okay so what's going on something I
pointed out to Richard just before we
started streaming and something you will
notice is there is a black bar around
the border of God of War
so what's setting did we get wrong so
right and so I started going into the
settings here see see this in the
setting but point out oh sure that's not
the stream no cuz watch what happens if
I go to the PlayStation menu it fills up
the whole screen and land here on our TV
as you can see rich it fills up the
whole screen right yeah so then we go
back into God of War and the borders
back isn't that strange
is there setting in the game oh well so
so I this is what I this was the first
20 minute my first 20 minute experience
with God of War so you know you go into
settings here right and you see you see
maybe it's in video yeah sometimes you
have to change the expert so Oh screen
calibration that's obviously yeah right
no that's just brightness that's just a
bright
just brightness so so not screen
calibration motion blur film grain
graphics mode can't do anything because
I don't have a ps4 Pro resolution there
is no resolution option oh that's right
you're playing on a console playing on a
console so there's no so I looked into
it this is a known graphical glitch with
a brand-new triple-a title crazy right
this is a hard one to miss this is a
hard one which they've already put out
one patch to try to fix it I have that
patch currently installed and it didn't
work
what if you start the game oh that's a
great question here so so I know what
you think oh maybe that's just in the
menu right so let's start the game
still still there pretty minor for
launch day bugs though it it's I I do
consider it very minor because
eventually you don't notice while you're
playing the game but it's weird it's a
big bug to happen right out the gate and
is this because they were developing
with the PS pro 4 Pro in mind and not
worried about us
plebeians with the regular ps4 or what I
don't know I don't know why this but
this this but here so look it's still
there in game quite strange and now it's
all I'm gonna be able to see for the
first like 10 to 20 minutes it's all
you're gonna be able to see eventually
they blur strange they don't show that
in any of the trailers but again watch
it you know like if I go to the ps4 menu
full screen it is just a bug with God of
War it has nothing to do with the ps4
settings it's just god of war isn't that
the craziest yeah that is the craziest
it's the crazy thing what's the bug it
the black changed the display settings
in the ps4 settings right okay so that's
I I've tried this as well but let's go
through this on stream okay so people
can see so you know we'll go we'll go to
settings here right and we go down to do
doooo sound in screen right and so then
we go display area settings right but oh
is that it and was this really it
applications will be displayed in the
boxed area oh maybe this is it is the
glitch thank god of war sets since that
setting maybe Oh could I have been wrong
this whole time
hold on oh fuck you that was it
I have been recording all of his
gameplay footage because I didn't code
because God of War should have fixed
that why was it like that all my
gameplay footage that I've recorded so
far has had that black box why should I
have to change that Jack is never right
how would I have known that where did I
go before the chat is saying they're
never right I'm never right ever about
anything rich Jack Jack's play era what
do you know what you were right
when was I right uh you were right last
stream
what's newer right Lester no first of
all I'm never writing them especially
never right on stream I know that to be
true okay for one unrelated yeah kind of
feeling ill yeah so this might be a
short stream I'm not feeling ill okay I
am feeling you are you've been kind of
ill all weekend I haven't I haven't had
much of an appetite yeah but I am going
to eat some crow right now oh I'm gonna
eat I'm gonna I'm gonna eat some crow
eat it we last stream we were talking
about the problem with the pool the the
the documentary the problem with the
problem of the pool yeah and I I was
being a big dummy dum-dum
I I was I was being stubborn and stupid
which is a bad combination
yeah well you were you were making some
assumptions and you yeah that's that's
it but also I mean the Simpsons I spent
on the air but close to 30 years a long
ass time at The Simpsons was a part of
my childhood sure my my teenage years my
formative years mm-hmm
and my young adulthood absolutely it's
those were the glory years of The
Simpsons before it became bad before it
became what it is now right and I I have
I have mentioned on the stream before
that you shouldn't you shouldn't live in
your echo chamber you should not live in
your you should you should you should
listen to at least listen to what the
other side has to say if they're being
reasonable sure and I absolutely did not
I can do that what I absolutely did not
fucking do that at all
why didn't you do that rich Simpsons I
love I love short circuit I do I do
speaking of people who are non-indian
and dress up like Indians I I watched
those movies like all the fucking time
when I was 10 years old yeah I would
wear the fucking tape out yeah Oh short
for short circuit anyway I I wasn't
willing to listen to it and we got into
it last stream and you were absolutely
right and I was being absolutely
bullheaded and it sat with me wrong okay
like that stream and that I'm like that
that did not feel right at all okay and
and fer for those of you who weren't
there last room basically all I was
saying was oh the problem with the poo
is a decent little documentary and you
know I thought it was pretty fair
even-handed I was just kind of blowing
you off
yeah I wasn't willing I wasn't even
willing to listen to it okay and so
after the stream I'm like that was
really dumb yeah and what I did was I'm
like I'm the fucking man up I at least
owe it to watch this fucking documentary
yeah and I watched the problem with the
poo put I can't I can't refute it
I thank you it's a feud at once once you
compare a pool yeah to blackface and I I
can't say that's a poo is significantly
different I can't do it you can't you
can't he makes some very fair points in
that documentary I don't I don't
necessarily agree with all of it
obviously be just because I'm coming
from a different perspective but yeah I
just thought it was really even Hana and
rich I think that's that's really big of
you I have to I have to be immature I
have to admit what I'm wrong and when
I'm being stupid I was being stupid well
there you go yeah and you know during
during that stream you know there was a
there was a lot of back-and-forth and
some people were asking whether or not
they they address what to do with the
pool at this point you know because it
cuz like you said Simpson has been
around forever he's like he's a legacy
character at this point and you know if
it were up to me and I guess
we never really talked about this if it
were up to me I don't think I would
change it like if I were in charge of
the Simpsons what I would do what I
would do though is address the problem
in some way besides how the Simpsons did
it I think I still think they totally
mishandled their response to the
documentary and just saying yeah what
are you gonna do honestly rich I thought
you were just doing the schtick it's a
little of column a a little of column B
okay I when I string with your jack yeah
you are you are such a fucking goody
two-shoes you are such a fucking nice
family man it becomes really easy for me
to do the connect like what's the comic
opposite of oh sure
why string with Jack my Grouch factor
goes way up and I guess it started that
was a little bit exaggerated sure sure
with with my dislike but I really wasn't
giving the problem with your shot yeah
okay I think that's fair I I'm just you
know I'm happy I'm happy that you
eventually don't fuck you I'm happy you
eventually did give it a shot good
subject makes rich more grouchy yeah but
it's like a fun I'm fucking with Jack
grouchy we have a we have a we have a
back and forth that way if which is
slightly more grouchy and you know when
Jack says something nice and
good-natured I I think it's fun
did you shit on that oh well and you
know so no I'm fucking with hey we know
we know each other so I know there's a
bit of a stick and hopefully everyone
who watches knows that it's nothing here
is is incredibly personal but outside of
me being extra grouchy on stream I
really wasn't even listening to the that
other side of the arguing with the
problem of the pool okay
I owed it to myself tonight I guess
good on you right
good idea hey so this is got a war and
by the way by the way my solution to the
Simpsons problem oh yeah what are you do
the show hasn't been good in 20 years
just not making the show it's not this
is not really a problem that needs
fixing that's not it's not a problem
that needs fixing the problem is why are
they still making the Simpsons oh you
know what I didn't even think about that
right yeah you're absolutely right it's
like let's just hey good job everyone
we're gonna call it a day
we're not gonna end we're not gonna end
before the show gets bad but we're just
gonna end we're just gonna end and
hopefully everyone can just remember
when the show was good that's something
everyone agrees with by the way that the
Simpsons it hasn't been good in 20 years
nice where are we at hey by the way you
know what this game desperately
desperately needs
what motion assisted aiming I as
everyone knows I've been playing a ton
of breath of the wild and I have really
gotten used to motion assisted aiming
and this game doesn't have it to that I
know of course I say that and someone's
gonna be like you know you can change it
in the menu right I'm gonna I'm gonna
keep my eyes out can you change that can
i settings can I get motion assisted
aiming because I really want him I got
really used to motion assisted aiming
it's in the menu god damn it I don't
think it is they could just be fucking
with you i gameplays or a gameplay ok
balanced experiences is the difficulty
I'm playing a by the way camera you can
set Auto aiming for the X yeah I have
like Amos this is what he doesn't want
auto though he wants motion I want
motion aiming yeah which I use in breath
of the wild all the time yeah it makes
aiming palpable
is that word a metaphor palpable
palatable palatable thank you it makes
aiming palliative palpable is like
something a spider would do palpable yes
it makes it makes aiming tolerable is
another way to say that for for
controller aiming great so this isn't
have got a warp and God of War has a
mule newer type axe which is actually
pretty sweet you can throw your axe and
when you throw your actually can fight
with your fists and then you can call
your axe back to you it's kind of cool
look at throw your Oh Oh throw your axe
call it back you got your kid
there's your kid to try you and your kid
shoots some stuff and and you punch some
stuff shit I let myself on fire and this
is a game I'm fry I think I'm about 5 or
6 hours in to the game and
oh look we get a big fight we get a big
fight for the stream that's a kid
oh my god he's gonna rip off my fucking
arm
we can play a bit of a drinking game I'm
not doing any of this
by the way that was a just a cutscene
the colors weird or is it just me
what do you mean something I think so
yeah kids pastel arms just stand out
he's got a red pin oh I know it looks
weird I gave him I gave him a new outfit
okay it's not the outfit that comes to
default and the brightness might be so
high but you're probably doing that the
sake of the stream running away and you
are how far into the game J five hours I
said like five ish showers maybe a
little bit more I don't really remember
I don't really know just because you
know I've been playing
I'm probably gonna lose this fight but
hey that that happens
that fuck you so anyway the drinking
game is how many times it's very obvious
that the writer is putting himself in
the place of our son and wants to prove
himself to his father
that's the drinking game with this
alright
took care of all his lackeys
nope all right about this nope
about this nope retrieve button yeah
it's like it's like me old newer where
it always comes back to you we only are
gonna be in the game I think I mean
they've talked about Thor actually you
know what they they called out meal norm
and and so you can also aim and tell
your kid to shoot at them Oh Oh what I
rolled I'm gonna die so you can also
tell your kid like shoot there shoot
there
it's not
it's not like it's not full bloodborne
which is really upsetting like your role
doesn't like work exactly like you think
it wouldn't like their I really thought
I rolled out of his way but apparently
yeah anyway but it's like it's just
close enough to blood-borne where you
really want that role to be blood-borne
and it's not can the kid die no no the
kid can not die
I know everyone calls this escort
mission the game and that's very untrue
damn it
so they talk about Thor in the game they
do talk about throwing the game it's
it's uh did they talk about the hammer
specifically yes they mentioned mule
NORs decision that's how they pronounce
it I've always curious about the
pronunciation of this thing how was
pronounced mule nor we all know
something something like that like I was
that was Mjolnir something like that
yeah
okay so you know I'm pronouncing it
close enough okay okay
thank you all right unlike o karna of
time I'm gonna I'm gonna actually go get
a way to figure out the right way to say
it they're gonna be a stickler about
mule New York something that's arguably
the most challenging thing to pronounce
in the history of the world right as we
talked about being having fun being a
grumpy asshole
I enjoy infuriating people who watch
this when I say okarin applause yeah oh
yeah they hate it
oh no I'm dying Oh what did I just do
why do you hate me so much it's not hate
it's it's teasing
it's teasing which is being fun being
fun
so my chance you've never really played
much the original gun I mean yeah I
played the first one all the way through
oh yeah yeah does it feel anything no
okay no got a God of War someone someone
told us this term I I did not this is
not my term but someone said the correct
term once which is you know gotta for is
like a spectacle fighter right it's like
a it's like a Bey it's closer to a
Bayonetta where it's it's all about you
know combos and looking cool and I'm
sucking now that I'm playing on
streaming here's the thing though I wait
way back in the day yeah now what it
first came out but what I liked what I
found it for a good price used yeah I
bought god of war one okay and I started
playing and I just hit next and those
blade things are just going all over
yeah like happen it's like this is very
button mash II yeah and then I I
couldn't stand the QuickTime events and
so I I never even came close to
finishing it really yeah I was like
Ninja Gaiden was a thing at that point
hahaha sure sure Ninja Gaiden was
fucking awesome and the work the work
QuickTime events and it wasn't quite so
messy
that's fair you do like yeah this is a
very different beast than than the
original God of War got it yeah the God
of War his but Hugh I feel like I'm
rolling away in time what man
all right that was kind of cool so you
know he has a bunch of little enemies
with him and he just picks up one of the
little enemies and floormat me so that
was kind of neat so what what monster is
this an actual mythological thing or
made up I don't know man is this one of
them's our frost giants I don't know
I know I'm almost dead
uh Chad if it feels weird to see me
without a hat it's because like before
this week I was like a month overdue for
my haircut
oh I constantly had the hat on because
sure I was too lazy to get the fucking
haircut no is it explained why he's
suddenly in Norse mythology instead of
Greek
I mean it's explained why he's here yes
I don't I don't know that it's as much
she's in Norse mythology now as much as
his just now he's in that part of the
world yes there we go there we go this
is this is a universe for all the gods
Pantheon's are a thing that would be my
presumption yes you are presuming
correctly you got to get a little bit
better at cleaning out these little guys
their kill got it we got to have a
little more of our health to take on the
big guys so we're gonna we're gonna try
to do a better job here he picks up the
little guys and throws them at me that's
great
you know that's fun
Kevin here when you're losing your hair
the haircut is more important than ever
before because it looks better short yes
that's something we've talked about many
times when you are losing your hair long
hair just makes it all the more obvious
what's going what's going on yes
all right here we go
sorry kid now we can fight the troll
with full health all right let's go
troll
we do have things like you'll see these
yellow circles every once in a while
which are like counter Abba wings and
then they have the red circle which
aren't count durable there we go
someone on the chat wants me to go bald
you've mentioned that many times when I
started watching on Netflix based on
ungood word I'm not very far into it all
is a wild wild country wild wild country
yeah okay
I haven't I haven't gotten in need of
again it's like a six-part documentary
and part one is any any indication
that's all I are long parts so it's a
long thing yeah basically there's this
small like extremely small rural town in
the US Appalachia Falls or something
what's like a town of like under a
hundred people an extremely small town
and occult grooves in in the town the
cult moves into the town and then just
more and more coke people come to town
and eventually the town is like then
ninety percent people who are in this
cult nice I mean not nice like I like
cults like nice like that seems like an
interesting documentary yeah a kid
oh speaking of colds did you I don't
remember her name something something
Mac I think one of the actresses from
Smallville I saw that I want to plague
Chloe
the one who played Chloe or whatever her
name was on Smallville was part of a sex
trafficking cults like the second in
command in a sex trafficking cult a
slash pyramid scheme where once you've
got us and Mac once you got abducted
into the sex trafficking cult you
started off as a slave but then if you
got enough of your own slaves you could
become a master how fucked up is that
what happened to that girl's career man
she was she was working at one point
that's so fucked that is so fucked it
was yeah I read that I was like I
remember watching her on that show
she used to be someone it's yes sex
slave pyramid scheme how does a story
like this affect Smallville web
syndication excellent question I'm being
dead serious you just you just take the
show away for a while
does it come back ever
trying slightly different tactic which
is taking on the monster first and I'm
leaving the guys because my I plan to oh
my god I got a typo here in the stream
title Oh
we're called adventures is babysitting
perfect
that's imperfect jack it's kind of a man
man oh I know that I know I know
fucks up up typing it in me it was me um
I wasn't gonna throw yo to the bullshit
I took that one for you
it was absolutely my fault Ram because
you're such a fuckin goody-goody you
people pushed me out of way I'm trying
to take the hit for you with you can
just jump under the bus yourself that's
right I'm just a decent person right you
fucking goody-goody yes I'm just
generally a decent person
all right the game apparently wanted me
to tackle the big boss first is what
they were telling me what was going
wrong I don't know like you know my
first plan with this fight was was deal
with all of these small guys first and
then tackle the big boss yeah and what
would happen is I would you know take
care of all the small guys and
everything is fine but then the big boss
just seems to be unreasonably hard why
is it different one the guys are still
alive I have no idea but I took care of
the boss no problem when all the other
guys were alive and now I'm taking care
of the guys one by one like I did so
very strange I mean like the boss fight
was still tough but it wasn't
unreasonably tough like it was the other
time which is strange they wanted you to
ride the boss and beat down the small
guys I could do that I read the thing oh
I read the thing no well I'm I'm feeling
under the weather last few days I
haven't I haven't started this game yet
oh okay and I'm not going to talk too
much about like early impressions what
what I am comfortable saying with the
game something I've told you already
rich is so far five six hours in I find
the game to be completely adequate
that's fine for better or worse I do
have quite a bit I want to say about
this game for our full review but so far
I find it perfectly adequate
whatever froze ooi he wanted another all
of us
frozen flame now I can upgrade my axe
are we going to play some Nintendo lab
Oh on stream that's you know what I
didn't even have realized that's out now
yeah the cardboard box thing yeah yeah
cardboard box thingy is out I I can't
imagine we'll get much more than ten
minutes out of it yeah I mean it looks
cute but we might be able to do a stream
of us actually like building the lab oh
stuff and then doing it button makes
your famous person says Jack I'm Jack
don't be afraid to spam boys arrows
he'll make every fight much easier can
you control his arrows you can so you
know you aim your acts like this if you
hold if you hold down okay l2 and so
like that's how you do your throw your
ax but if you press the square button
you could tell the boy where to shoot
okay
and I do often forget that he can do
that but he also does shit on his own
like he'll jump on an enemy's back and
just like it and you know he'll do his
own shit I do not care I do not care
let's go back kid I want to go back I
just got a thing to upgrade my ax and I
just passed a thing before I got here
that uh where I can upgrade my axe so
I'm gonna go do that before I get too
far come on boy we're going back I hope
this isn't too tedious hmm he sounds
like he'll cave he's more like teal key
than Kratos actor playing best of the
worst that little that little climb crag
is laughable breath of the wild yeah
well yes oh no and like all of the
platforming and this is uncharted where
where it's it's just a tube too
get from point A to point B and it is
extra laughable when you get too little
like ankle-deep walls that are that you
can't pass for some reason and it is
very very upsetting coming right from
breath of the wild to this it's like oh
what's up there I'd like to see what's
oh right we can't we can't see what's up
there
as little puzzly sections where where is
the troll it's breath in the wild better
than God of War I haven't played this
one so I can't say but yes I like it
more than I like the first god of war
easily yes listen I I could very much
enjoy this new god of war I could think
this god of war is a very good game and
still breath of the wild would be a
better game because breath the wilds
great breath of the wild is is great and
so even if I liked this one a whole lot
and thought it was a really good game
which I haven't had time to make my full
thoughts on yet breath of the wild is
still a better game because it's breath
of a while right yeah let's do that
I know it has an upgrade that's why I'm
fucking here can I explain why this game
is getting 10 out of 10 I cannot like I
said I'd like this stream might be short
tonight yeah I'm just not feeling good
yeah yeah but that's why I haven't
played it drop it off like a few days
ago actually yeah I wasn't doing much
yesterday that's you know you get sick
you gotta take you gotta take some time
man I'm probably not even gonna get into
it until tomorrow sure can I explain why
it's getting 10 out of 10 no so far I
cannot I have not I haven't hit a point
yet where like anything has been like
wonderful and perfect and this is
everything I've ever wanted from gaming
no so
adequate is my is my early review so far
such a fun game we're just missing out I
mean the plan is to the plan is deploy
and I had a copy right word this is our
next review what is it what is my
illness um I'm slightly feverish a
little bit nauseous yesterday but that
my throat's been fine she's really weird
for me usually when I get sick it
throats the first thing sure I've been
I've been tired I've been what's the
word like listless like just lethargic
oh yeah I have no energy and yet I can't
sleep huh I sleep a few hours and I wake
up and then I can't get back to sleep
I'm sorry that that sounds terrible that
sounds just terrible rich it is that
time of year when stuff is just going
around unfortunately
even either it's a fever or it's just
you know it's just really actually
starting to get warm legitimately yeah
and so I think it's a fever because I
expect it to be fucking 20 degrees out
with eight feet of snow these are all
symptoms of pregnancy it's a miracle you
did it rich I know you've been trying
for so long all right let's move on with
the game
I had to backtrack a little bit to
upgrade my ax also the kid climbs on
your back every time you climb me
it's kind of weird yeah it's kind of
weird drill van says hey rich I watched
some preview Let's Plays of the new
battle tech and it looks pretty good
wondering if you were going to play it
on stream did I get you that code no
reminded chat I mean this this is this
is next time a document oh yeah
know someone was very nice and and
gifted us a code for battle tech
specifically for rich and I have it in
my email and I forgot to give it to him
I plan to check out the back so wait we
did we get a finding on the weather not
the motion aim exists I I assume no I
assume the motion aim does not exist oh
I hope it does it seems like there's a
lot of aiming in this there is a fair
amount of aim yeah fuck yeah fuck but
there's an auto aim right there is yes
alright alright so that's you know means
passable not eggs not I know that eggs
is the command it's it's Battletech
remember battle tank
so where's the kid come from so the the
story of the game and this is not a
spoiler because this is literally the
first seconds of the game is your wife
is dead is it all right
yeah isn't that the first game yeah well
knowing the first game your whole family
is dead so where's this kid coming from
he get a new wife yes he got a new wife
and the kid do is the new wife's and the
wife is dead and the whole game is your
journey you are taking your dead wife's
ashes to the top of the mountain
how many wife says this man gonna lose
so many wives and so you and your kid
are taking the wife to what the wife's
ashes to the top of the mountain and on
your way you meet some unsavory
characters who you know want to kill you
because that's how games work okay here
we go
moving on moving on there's the mountain
we have to get to the top of that
mountain to drop to put our dead wife's
ashes on top of a mountain isn't Kratos
God Kratos is the God of War okay and we
buy in and there have been some hints
that the wife has also been a great
warrior this this is your wife's axe
okay Mule mural Noir here is your wife's
axe and I'm just wondering if he's a god
why is he look like he's aged well the
the gods are kind of real people ish I
don't I don't know I didn't get very far
into the first my magic is useless
against the black breath and there's no
way around it Odin thought of that long
ago oh that's some bitty we met earlier
wife number three
my my my original thought even I can't
hold on I guess I should pay attention
in the story time is strong enough to
break through but that road is long what
does this girl mean to you
why help us
maybe I see more of myself in you that
I'm willing to admit maybe
maybe by helping you I'll make up for a
lifetime of mistakes or maybe I just
like you even though we shot your friend
even though you shot my friend yes look
dialog does sound kind of fucked up I
don't know why that is to a realm beyond
your own everything sounds a little
fuzzy my hood yeah
Kratos does that mean he's really Ares
or did he kill Ares and take his place
he killed Ares and take his place okay
that was I think the entire plot of the
original first one yeah the my original
my original cynical thought with this
game was now that the game developers
are older and probably parents
themselves they wanted Kratos to be
older and a dad so they could write like
a really cool dad like Kratos is like a
cool dad yep but what I have discovered
since playing this is the writers are
the kid because Kratos is like the
overbearing father who doesn't approve
of the kid and doesn't think the kids
good enough and the kids like really
smart and he reads a lot and he just
wants to help he just wants to help his
dad cuz he reads let me change the oil
with you dad I can help I can help see I
was hoping the thrust of this would be
to teach the kid how to be a heartless
badass well that's a little bit of some
of it that's some of it but the kid is
the kid is definitely the one I wanted
the narrative thrust to be beating the
kids sensitivity out of him I actually I
think one of the undercurrents is Kratos
wants to save his kid from being the
heartless killer that he that's not what
I expect out of Kratos I know I want it
to be the other way around
remember when I put down the hackneyed
dialogue and with kids and last of us I
I haven't paid attention to a single
thing anybody said yeah and if this game
has a lot of like this kind of naughty
dog style talking and fake cutscenes
fake gameplay that it really cutscenes
III won't care if it's actually balanced
out by a whole lot of good kick-ass
action III will completely forgive it
possibly even enjoy the story if the
gameplay part of the equation lives up
to expectations mm-hmm I don't I don't
hate Naughty Dog because they they have
this kind of pseudo cutscene and lots of
storytelling I I hate them because the
gameplay feels like a second thought
right or largely scripted and fake yeah
watch your step
just along here are you hanging off that
ledge now have a scripted thing or the
thing though it's fake are you watching
cinematic games call them cinematic
games rich I know when I typically hate
them but if they order on gameplay I'm
fine it can now reawaken the magic of
the L not as long as the light shines
free I've gotten five or six hours into
it my I think my reading on is pretty
solid the the my reading is respect me
dad love me Dad what what are we doing
come on where we go do I have to open
all the fucking doors
I am playing this game I'm playing this
game right now here's my controller the
shooting is fine in the Uncharted series
it's the climbing that drives me crazy
oh the climbing is like faking ship oh
my god the cut the climbing is a goddamn
joke but I mean the shooting it just
looks so generic I mean wait a little
bit I didn't I have never played much
the Uncharted I played a little bit of
form yeah that's basically that's all of
it no that's the whole game so standard
yeah yeah that's it how about a
covergirl pew pew pew make a right at
the bottom of these dares make it right
at the bottom of these days okay lady
cover shooters ain't got nothing on doom
jack
no no cover shooters ain't got nothing
on Jim well you know like this so far a
lot of this god of war has been very
linear gameplay and there's nothing
necessarily wrong with a linear game
Doom is a great example of a linear game
done well but like the the the gameplay
parts of doom aka all doom are very
engaging and they're very visceral and
you're rewarded for playing well and
here I'm pressing the circle button
while some scripted shit happens to open
up a new area like it's not a puzzle
when they tell you how to solve it right
and something cool is happening so they
want to go man this is so cool look at
what the cool thing you're doing but
you're not doing it your this might as
well be a cutscene I'm holding a thing
so this machine assisted or are you
pushing this entire structure I'm
pushing this entire structure well I
mean I'm pushing you know like it
I guess it's done that so Kratos is
Superman strong
yeah he's rude well sometimes he's
ridiculously strong sometimes he gets
beaten up by a tiny soldier okay because
because game why does this game have so
much talking because Naughty Dog because
for some reason the Uncharted games are
very very popular and I you know what I
think I know why I don't know if I if I
talked about this where are you she was
talking to me I didn't know where she
was I was talking about this a little
bit last stream which is like I have
talked to now now I've talked to by the
way several people several people I know
who are like gamers in general yeah who
have started to tell me that they're
like they're kind of done with the whole
game aspect of games like you know when
I play a game now I just turn it to the
easiest mode nah I just I just kind of
want a story experience and Mike my
question to them is always the same
which is then why are you even playing a
game I really just do movies at that
point there's so many there's great TV
shows podcasts like why even play a game
if all you're looking for is a story
experience but I think that is a more
popular thing
go this way oh yeah I think that is
becoming a more popular thing we're just
the momentum of someone zoning out and
pushing a button is all they're looking
for its power is now depleted only a few
knocks of magic cause you get to be a
character rather than just watch a
character but you are just watching the
character if the scripted events are
playing out if you have no choice in how
the scripted events take place then you
are just watching a character it's like
it's like a movie where you have to
constantly hold down play on the remote
for the movie to keep playing yes
yes I could I can't make any choices as
Kratos besides who which bad guy I'm
going to hit first that's it that's the
that's the whole breadth of my choice in
this game I am watching a character with
no input on that character
wait can I push you off look at this I
can push her around
give me a lady you're my new wife you're
my new wife come here you're gonna die
now you're my wife
kid oh I can't place the kid around now
he gets out of my way this is the whole
game now how I want to see if I can get
her out the door this is the game for me
hi maybe if I go really slow I'm pushing
you out I'm pushing you out the door I'm
pushing you out to dip come here lady
Oh Oh I came close that time oh go so
close you're going out the door no
you're going out the door I'm pushing
you out the door come on come on come on
come on now I've given myself a goal and
I know everyone thinks this is dumb but
I've given myself a goal and I really
want to accomplish that goal I'm gonna
push this lady right out the door
there's tons of game playing this game
you gotta force yourself to bear all of
them to be right boom for one we've been
talking a lot about Uncharted games and
not necessarily this I am said with this
I am fine with it if there is a lot of
good gameplay yeah I haven't even
touched this game and you were giving
yourselves haven't completely shit on
this game yet no it's perfectly adequate
okay it's perfectly adequate the the the
actual gameplay elements of this game to
fight scenes they're fine so far like
yeah nothing is is blowing my mind but
it's not bad and and I've only played
five or six hours like I can't give a
full in-depth thought analysis this is
nothing like uncharted 3 people are
walking around slowly having a
conversation while the kids hanging
around I didn't fail to see how it's
significantly different yeah this
section you have to admit is a little
uncharted II obviously this is a lot of
exposition travel between realms they're
going to the hardware store cold and
transfer the light of all time we're
going to the hardware store right now
what we're doing yeah yeah
what now give it a moment the temple
needs time to wake up from its long
slumber it is from this room and this
room alone that you will be able to
cross between realms
what you see before you represents the
temple in which we stand as well as the
realm towers that encircle the lake of
nine outside all the realms exist in the
same physical space reflection because
of the fucked up audio sounds like she's
a voice I haven't been hearing this
fucked up body at home this might be a
thing that's fucked up here with the
capture card Bifrost I know what that is
during the first six hours our elongated
tutorial I am not surprised I don't look
for six hours of your action game you
should be a tutorial I mean maybe an
in-depth strategy game sure maybe it
takes you a while to forget all the
nuances right but we just beat up
monsters you wouldn't cut that time down
a bit you you should in an in a beat
them up you should have the the basics
down with within the first 20 minutes of
the game this button does this this
button does this now go kill everyone
that was the first god of war hey you
want new ways to kill guys we got you
covered
maybe maybe to our in you earned like a
new thing and then now you can hit up
the button to do the special attack
right okay position to lead to the realm
of Anaheim instead turn the wheel to our
actual destination all-time Jack we've
got a we got a we got to go to the
hardware store to get that car battery
yes the wheels we got to get that car
batter in the bridge line so we can have
so we can talk about our feelings is
that feel about things is that how you
want to shoot this episode just a slow
walk to the hardware store to get a car
battery this entire tutorial is just how
to get to the next level by the way okay
that's that's all of what we've been
doing so far is how we how to get to the
next level this entire thing
Thanks which lady I can't push each
realm has the corresponding one that
focuses and amplifies the power of the
Bifrost opening the bridge to that round
great that's why realm travel is only
possible from this room just let me go
punch my this is just not necessary I
was like I'm taking away my adequate
rich I'm taking it right away she's the
winner no you can't skip this because
it's all in-game that's right this were
actual cutscene you could probably just
skip it if that were your thing
and it's here's the thing I was all down
with this premise right away mm-hmm your
wife's dead you have a mission to take
her ashes to the top of the mountain you
walk up the fucking mountain and people
try to stop you that's the fucking game
I get it I was down with that premise
like oh great this is gonna be great
every now and then you teach your kid
how to murder something
boom now we're traveling to other realms
for some reason yeah
let me do something in your game yes
Electric monk that's all I want just I'm
the fucking God of War let me be the God
of War by which lady fossils stick to
playing pong Tetris what I'm sorry our
games are better than yours
it paused in the heart of a ring temple
but we need to find now the eight pieces
to the battery rich before we can put
the car battery together fine if we
fight monsters and a way to find the
eight pieces of the battery or if
they're causing the solving involved in
finding the bad something
I hate cinematic gimmick you should hate
cinematic gaming not likely
um gum boy
because this all of this all of this is
just set dressing it's just an area in
which to murder monsters in mm-hm and I
guess in in my fine I gotta hit that
with my thing you know it's just it's
just unnecessary like you just climb the
mountain it's trying to get you invested
in the world killing monsters would get
me invested in the world you can you can
get me invested in a games world without
killing the pacing rights like
yeah if there's if the world is
interesting enough I will care about it
what Bourne get you interested in the
world what the fuck is this damn place
oh yeah dude
fuck
people people talk about and what so me
I don't really care about the story
elements blood-borne yeah people people
love talking about the lore and the
world of the blood Souls yeah and
there's it that games not wasting the
time ever ever ever its confident enough
in its in its world to just let you
discover it this reeks of look at me
look at me look at my shit look at how
good I'm doing look at how good I'm
doing aren't I doing so good
actually that that works along with the
theming of the story look at me Dad look
at me dad doesn't I do good dad didn't I
do good dad I made a pretty world dad
look at me me no no right now I'm
talking about cinematic games in general
yeah just to be fair I've been feeling
sick I have not played this game right I
don't know personally what the balance
is between talky-talk and smash smash
smash yeah I don't know I don't have a
feeling myself for what that ratio is in
this game right but you you probably do
I'm - I'm talking about right now look
at me dad didn't I do good
it's all Suri's a soul series dis strim
the third says this whole series has no
real or it's all made-up shit with no
real thought behind it it's just least
world-building and adequate for the
games people read too much into it and
yet it works and yet it works and and
yet people read too much into oh yeah
darn these people for being so
interested in a world that they that
they look into it I guess that means
they failed at world building i I don't
know
world building yeah I said it was
adequate for the games it works just
fine okay okay
world building only works rich if
characters explain to you exactly what
everything is in a longer that's I may I
may have misunderstood your point okay
the original mass effect narrative has
consequences for the cut-scene choices
yes
mass effect before three is how you do
storytelling in a game and still have it
be a game because you actually feel like
you have an effect on the things that
happen in the world sure do taking crate
OSes blades away from him is just like
taking Bayonetta's guns I'm willing I'm
willing to bet that you will find the
blades at some point or at least
something similar to them I don't think
so I think you got the axe okay and you
know what the axe isn't bad it's not the
blades but the axe isn't bad right right
rich Mass Effect and Final Fantasy had
great storytelling Beca
no Final Fantasy is linear story to the
best of my knowledge I only I'm only
familiar with the fucking like SC NES
ones and the PlayStation ones the
original PlayStation ones I've not
followed Final Fantasy since then but
Mass Effect was all about what are the
consequences for the things I say and do
going to be right what is what is going
to happen to the world if I kill this
person versus letting them live
Final Fantasy sevens like now you get to
the point where that character dies that
character dies and then you hit a just
you know I'd make a dialogue choice just
hit a to continue the dialogue it's a
it's a different thing
Mass Effect consequences literally
nothing let's that's what went wrong on
the third one if you've if you've never
heard rich talk about the third one
don't to work Mass Effect 3 needed
needed twelve different endings and I'm
not even fucking why sure sure
it to accommodate all the separate
choices it needed at least three
different major branches yeah and each
of those branches needed like four
different flavorings and then it would
have worked sure
oh yeah skills but I'm not kidding the
with the the promises they made and Mass
Effect literally needed at least at the
very least twelve endings I believe you
did Mass Effect 3 DLC fix the ending no
it just elaborated on everything that
was wrong I'm not that's not a joke
that's not not a joke
geez all these things are stupid and
they were like well let's explain what
why this is stupid
why yes this is all well you see I'm
gonna explain more about how stupid this
is that's fantastic
all right great great let's go kid
cat striker says rich I would like to
buy you the new battle Tech game if you
don't already have it
how should I give tit someone has
already purchased it for rich but thank
you yeah I appreciate it but it's
already been done
yeah I'd everyone thinks you're gonna
love this battle tech game I might you
might turn-based strategy with giant
fucking robots I mean yeah hey sure sure
but it has all rich already has a copy I
have yet to give it to rich because I
keep forgetting mostly cuz I don't care
about bath tech so loose reduces first
off ya feel better rich second today a
stranger complimented me on my nerd
crude t-shirt very cool my wife was
stunned I don't think she believed our
Ellen fans existed in the wild who's
laughing now honey cute it is it is
weird to see our life and fans in the
market did your mother speak of this
video of my original reaction to the
Mass Effect 3 ending no we're really we
weren't we weren't streaming or anything
back then
yeah let's drop lol rich brings up Mass
Effect 3 every time they play a new
triple-a title what do you prove someone
in the chat brought that up not me god
damn it
well when you're talking about you put
that on me
what you talking about story and games
right
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo Mass
Effect's story wasn't even the first one
men meeting talking to Sovereign for the
first time would you learn that that the
bad guys starship isn't really a
starship it's giant fucking alien and
their species has wiped out all life in
the galaxy numerous times that was a
fucking awesome shit
spoiler alert like oh my god it was
spooky oh shit damn right it was damn
right it was yes find it back to the
boat
must find it there's this voice actor I
feel like I've heard him before who's
who does the voice for this Kratos I've
heard his voice I'm sure I mean yeah I'm
sure you're not just thinking about the
other cocks it's very possible she's
doing that wrong what that's not okay
he's yeah he's like you have to
alternator you just started spinning
sometimes never to return here we go
there we go I was just thinking to
myself man I could go for a fight right
about now so that was nice