Episode 086
Axing All the Wrong Questions (pt 2)
May 6, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffez980BWJQ
______________________________________

that's irritating
Kratos his mom was just a Spartan woman
named Callisto no - nor my not at all
him I defended us nothing more
I fear no judgment judgment no oh yeah
and the kid yeah the kid does not know
that you're a god for anyone confused as
to why the kid is confused why you can
kill God he doesn't know you gotta like
stuff I think you'd catch on at this
point
we we moved fucking a bridge and entire
bridge with our bare hands
wow you're pretty strong yeah he
mentions that a couple times like my
dad's like super strong it's really just
making him seem dumb
I'm just explaining the story at this
point for people who are unaware is
that's that's a that's a bit of the the
conflict you treat the whetstone here
early in the game is his Kratos does not
want the boy to know about about his
godliness the boy mustn't know to find
the roots rich find in the room ruins of
the boy the boy will do the thing where
all that booty yeah I need all that
booty I need the ruse
where the roots did the booty ruins I
need the booty rooms I think I remember
where the booty ruins is take a look out
onto the ice get that booty
oh wait yeah behind you oh sorry to your
right to stay up there stay up on the
thing back there maybe I'm right maybe
sound on the ice again
god the swiggity swooty give rich that
booty he's got one more to go looking in
here I mean what I'm saying is you only
have one more it could be in there I
don't know usually they're like in the
same area as the thing right yeah
well roughly I mean it's fairly close
though did you get my email Chuck Fox I
don't know maybe I usually check the
email did you already blew up that thing
right yeah okay
that that is that is you got it but I
get you got it doop doop doop do do pop
razz matte glue says greetings from
undisclosed have you considered
streaming frost Punk what the fuck is
that knowing your love for grim strategy
I think rich would enjoy it I've not
even heard of it it's it sounds like
neither of us have heard of this Frost
Punk I gotta finish playing this yeah
you do
I've got to play my emulator Dan modded
breath of the while wait a minute okay
yeah you're right battle Tech's on the
agenda there's a lot of shit I got a
play did you get that email yep okay
great
rich has the battle tech code thank you
to whoever sent it to us again the there
there is for those curious I see a
couple people in chat curious there is
currently a Wii U emulator out in the
world and because there is a one's
breath of the wild very well right and
so because there is a Wii U emulator and
breath of the wild is on the Wii U there
is a breath of the wild on PC with
apparently that has mods that give you
unbreakable weapons so you could have
you could get like a nice shield like
what like one of the some of the
cosmetic stuff but yeah you can get the
Master Sword and a nice shield and have
them not breaks we have them for the
whole game which would be very nice I
mean I'm not saying I'm thinking about
I'm saying that would just be a nice
it'd be a nice thing now I thought it
might be enough to put you over the edge
I thought it was finally going to
corrupt you know
it would take a lot more than that Jack
needs to pull that stick out of his ass
ain't gonna happen my friend it's wedged
pretty firmly in there it's just become
part of my life at this point it feels
funny if I sat without it
playing breath of the wild right now and
good weapons are falling out of my ass
which is like that's the other thing is
my second play four of breath of the
wild even though weapons breaking still
pisses me off I've just been avoiding
combat and finding it a really pleasant
experience and not really worrying about
what weapons I have you know I have my
stable of good weapons and but you just
don't have to worry about it if you if
you don't worry about comment though
every time I have a really great weapon
that I love and chatters every time
that's a space juice some dust of realms
maybe there's a coffee mod for breath of
the wild that would put Jack over the
edge
oh man and why are you talking you
complete Tarrytown and you can get your
own coffee farm and tarry town or that
house you buy oh yeah the yard area
now you're talking see now you know how
to corrupt home yeah I'm gonna go get
into the water yeah yeah
Asuna meant to do
how's the kid coughing I can't hurt him
he's gonna die cuz he's too weak
drop that drop the chain you little shit
wrap the chain so I can get up there
there that works
where to jekko I think he's secretly
looking upward to download the Wii U
emulator he didn't heed him I'd do it on
camera
what's up boy boy boy boy
and Jack leaves rich again I just for a
little bit down there getting some water
decided go to the bathroom it's fine
everything's fine
please read tips I will just give me one
minute sole proxy I just thought of
something that is a quasi important it's
not really important not really
important but important enough bonding I
say I am kind to boy now you're not
totally awful as it turns out I kind of
like you a little bit I sure hope
nothing bad happens to you losing you my
my real my real strength comes from my
love for you boy
so we're going over the stupid side cost
what's super sideways find that guy's
what stone oh that's a whole thing I
know it's a whole thing it's a whole
thing man I already did the first part
of it oh yeah yeah wait you got the wet
Sun no what if what did the first area
no and I had some like four really
difficult fights
yeah those sucked and that's that that
part is done oh okay and we still didn't
get the wet stone
yeah I think you have to find the dragon
next I have no idea what I thought
thanks for that well how would I know
I don't know curious
side quest was boy boy I know we just
discovered something that you that
interests you but we must go in our boy
Kratos don't got no fucks about history
or no art but Dad I read and that's my
power I'm smart
yeah shut up and read this yes I'm
illiterate
like something is waiting first time
when there's a fight it's fun yeah I did
something and rich is going something
rich is going someplace fun right now I
think we will handle it we gotta
remember to luckily yes you might be
going someplace fun
okay tips tips tips tips Anonymous's hey
guys rich what are your thoughts on the
spirit animals in this game do you like
them spirit animals yeah you know the
one that one when boy shoots his arrows
and animals come out I haven't I haven't
used us that much why I think they just
want to know I just wonder I feel about
them that one aspect of the game it's
you know it's helpful I I think they're
they're useful caution what about curry
in the flash I can't think of a more
formidable opponent she does not attack
he even know we're here
so we're gonna fight a Valkyrie hey my
presumption and it's awesome
stuff yeah she's done this is this is a
monster of a fight so like don't be
ashamed if you gotta you know come back
later level up good this is a great
fight though like I love the Valkyrie
fight
it's got to say set me free so that you
aren't the bad guy for murdering a woman
no no there's a whole there's a whole
thing with the Valkyries where this is
they're they're trapped spirits and if
you can defeat them in battle you set
their spirit to Valhalla or some shit
like that it's not about it's not about
murdering women women God of War will
murder anyone we run into some I don't
like I don't know if you did any of the
other ghost missions around the lake of
nine not really there's a there's a
bunch of ghost missions where you have
to do shit for ghosts to set their
spirits really so it's not specifically
a woman
no I don't know that I've got it well
like once you're ready and you know it's
okay if you're not ready but once you're
ready these are a heck of a fight man
this is this is a bare-knuckle brawl it
took me a few lives to figure it out but
it's it's pretty intense I'd I think I
might have come back later but I forget
Oh big with
I'm not being condescending I'm set
what I'm saying is condescending in know
in the game's favor it lets you come
back to some of these things when you're
ready a an actual positive for the game
is it's not forcing you to do this right
now
not being condescending now let's see
here sole proxy says could you please
give a shout out to bun bun me and my
girlfriend bun bun are huge fans of the
show rich Evans is our Idol
damnit it was going well who did better
you you did better oh you doing it
you're doing it there's not much room
for error no no that's that's why I like
these fights is there is not much room
for error
can we shout out to lens new project yes
the the gauntlet of the five masters or
whatever where he actually got Leo Fung
to be in his movie about that yeah I
forget the title of his next movie but
he Leo Fung will be I believe one of the
one of the Masters
lenz taken us making y'all look bad lenz
been making us look bad since before we
were looking bad man Lent lends him is a
maker Len is a goddamn maker and and
should be an inspiration to anyone he
doesn't give he doesn't give a fuck he's
just making shit you know like there if
you look back at that interview that Jay
and I did with Lennon way back in the
day we talked about kind of like the
Creator the creative person having
having the final say over any of us
assholes who make fun of their work and
and that's Len he's making stuff he
wanted to make some shit and he made it
how many work deaths do we give this as
many as you want this is the rest of the
stream do it
challenge of the five gauntlets Thank
You Marco whoo-hoo linked to the
IndieGoGo of lenss new problems doing it
he's making nice
oh come on
you were gonna parry so just fuck it
range handling the controller a little
bit too strongly you know like and I
definitely like I have my own issues
with people crowdfunding projects but
you know I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
this begrudge anyone who's trying to you
know make money on the project before
the project runs and maker he's been
making shit for a long time nice move
I want to lend cavesson skin Neal Breen
team up Neal would never agree to work
with someone like that
there are only Neal Breen projects
I am the motherfucking gang war oh you
worried that was so badass that was so
badass calling your axe back and
parrying at the same time I was so
badass
there was some shit timing on oh oh you
definitely called down the Carl ferry on
that one you called out your win a
little too too quickly there rich Oh got
a little premature celebration come on
but but you have I think you have the
fight down like you kind of know the
moves now I wanted it I wanted it well
you have the moves down now you know how
the fight works now man in that great
fight say hello to premature celebration
we shoot up how many lives this God have
infinite my friend Oh sucks sorry rich
let's see here future a famous person
says this is a 13 year old spoiler from
the first god of war so heads up -
anyone
I wonder how at Reyes would feel knowing
that his dead half sister's ashes are
what makes Kratos his skin so light I
think that's kind of that's that's kind
of the story of this God of War is
kratos is trying to shield his son from
his former atrocities from his violent
past
is that's why he's hiding the fact that
he is a god I know you don't like this
fight this is a great fight this is a
nice broad nice and simple but tough is
tough but once you start you know
reading the towels right and hitting the
timing it's a great fight nicely done
Oh Oh you could taste it you could taste
it
yes still playing got a void rich before
we do our official review which has a
little bit further the ice
nice
this is a question for anyone anyone I
I've I've only fought I've only fought
this Valkyrie there's a there's a whole
this Valkyrie fight is part of a whole
side mission yeah that's you know free
all the Valkyrie and I think there's
like eight or ten Valkyrie fights yeah
so I actually have a question for anyone
who has fought more than one Valkyrie do
they all have the same moveset or is
every fight you need I'd imagine they
just get hard on just more health more
they do more damned I mean they already
can kill you it may be some new some new
moves but but intermixed with the old
ones not sure they're saying they're all
a bit different and they get crazier
that's great because these Valkyrie
fights are top-notch that's that's
that's something that I've I've repeated
a lot which is you know boss fights
should use the same mechanics as regular
fights just be hard and I think that
these Valkyrie fights are amazing boss
fights
the the red circle attacks are
unblockable yes and the yellow circles
are unpaired or the red circles are
unblockable the yellow sort of circle
attacks our parabola and then there's
just regular tax which I've blockable
and I don't believe area ball and you
see like when that happens when rich
kids kind of staggered back it means he
tried to parry and I got his timing a
little so the keys stack instead so the
fighting mechanics are very nice and
consistent and have a decent especially
with that axe have a decent lanes - oh
yeah
I think I think rich can do it I think
rich can do it he has the moves down and
now it's just getting the right time
this is a hard fight but I think rich
can do
well you know sometimes you want to
gamble on that Perry and sometimes you
want to play it safe and even though an
attack is terrible but it's just shield
so I think riches bounce on pretty well
oh so close rich so close I'll get it
oh yeah no you're totally gonna get you
have all the moves you know what to do
it's yes it's just that time you're
gonna get it and and I'm trying to like
talk but also stay silence of which can
concentrate so talk time chess as far as
like official as a person in chat ask if
I would recommend this game and I've
actually I'm waiting for our review
before like I make that call to me
because I'm not sure there are good
aspects to this game the combat is
really good I have a lot of problems
with this story and I think overall the
pacing is very off but there are some
good things about the game and so I
actually don't know if I have like a
recommendation or not how much bad
pacing can you deal with personally you
know
oh no and by the way for me fighting the
Valkyrie I want to say it took me at
least at least 10 a dozen tries so rich
is fine as far as me seeing Richard I
over and over again it took me a few
tries as well I didn't I certainly did
not defeat him I'll go through
explain the bad pacing it's something I
can explain better in our official
review because then I can use clips to
elaborate
but over toots is oversimplified it
takes too long story has too many
has too many retreading points and and
they're trying to tell a a two-hour
story in 20 hours I feel and there's too
many breaks between the very the the fun
action the action is fun
I like the actual gameplay but then they
take breaks from awesome gameplay to do
puzzles they they tell story in the
story too but like I said I I can get
into the deep explanation that when I
can use visual aids
so it's the hobbit maybe maybe it's a
little Hobbit ass
yeah apparently the God of War said to
me rich proclaimed that he is the God of
War is already on the reddit is already
on the rlm sublated so congratulations
right you did it
the Lindsey Ellis Hobbit review is
really good yes if if you don't already
watch Lindsey Alice's movie related
video essays her her her two-part Hobbit
series her two-part video series that's
actually three videos in a very funny
turn her her part 1 of 2 2 of 2 & 3 of 2
on The Hobbit are wonderful and I highly
recommend it
I I like Lindsey's stuff anyway but her
Hobbit videos are top-notch prog plays
I've beaten the game I've beaten the
story of the game but
I had some free time and I didn't have
to do a review of a movie recently so
I'm not begrudging
if you need more reasons to hate Warner
Brothers it's a must see it delves it
delves deep into some shit that I was
not expecting it to go like not only
doesn't talk about why the movies don't
work and the adaptation it goes into how
Guillermo del Toro got you know was
taken off of it it went into like
unionized actors rights of New Zealand
of all fans it goes deep into a bunch of
shit it's a it's a great series
The Hobbit videos are interesting and a
little depressant yes they really are
the the the part three of two of the
hobbit videos just disgusts how the
Hobbit videos actually tore apart union
rights for actors in New Zealand what am
I talking about I'm talking about
Lindsey Ellis's series of The Hobbit
videos if someone could find the link
for me that would be great
Lindsey Ellis is a YouTube video
essayist as I guess the best way to put
it and she does movie reviews and
discussions on the movies she also has a
really great one on on all of the ways
white fails if you remember the orc cop
Netflix original movie oh thank you guys
thank you highly recommend she's she's
great she's a great voice if you are
interested in the makings of movies Oh
bright was awful and she does a really
good dissection of why it's awful in
terrifyingly specific details
is Lindsay Ellis the Nostalgia ship I
have no idea I have no idea
doing it
besides our alums she's the only other
YouTube channel I watched for a movie
she's great she is she is I don't I I
don't I don't do much on patreon but
she's one of the few she's one of the
few who I give money to just because I
want her to keep making stuff her and
Captain disillusion and noclip I want
them to keep making stuff forever so I
guess I give them money apparently she
used to be the nostalgic jerk okay I
haven't I've known I don't know what
that is I just know her from oh it does
it does take a little bit of time and
you're exposed for for those who don't
know what just happened there rich
stomped on the health pack and when you
stomp on the health pack you cannot
block or hit you're exposed for that
second oh that's of course one man Jack
do you give money to the owl on patreon
I do not and sometimes I actually miss
out on our alum content because of it
every once in a while people be like hey
I love that behind-the-scenes video and
I was like what - Eames video J what so
you should jail have to send me a link
every once in a while I will miss out on
our alum continent because I'm not a
pager
Ronny ballstein I am the only guy I have
a danger I have a day job and my day job
is a video producer I make commercial
videos I edit and produce videos for
living rich Michael J do our LM
full-time devastated
adults video producer well I am an adult
and a video producer
I don't make commercial videos and I've
made some branded viral content right
now it's mostly just commercial work or
you know people need video to post on
those social media platforms that I'm
making it just got done with one I was
pretty happy with you want those big
ones but she's a quick one
she's a quick one why does your axe do
like no damn sure because she's very
fluffy and strong this is a major
fucking boss fight yes
and you know you can come back to her
after you've leveled up a little bit but
rich wants to take care of her now and
and you can it just takes a little more
time oh actually it did it yeah
well it's not a killing blow I don't
think he does the fancy animation okay
please oh well thank you should even
boom
we appreciate prank plays yes both Fritz
and I have seen infinity Wars we're not
going to talk about it today it's cute
we'll have more to say about it
maybe I winds will do a little spoiler
talk later
kit cute overall
July ever push to be on half of a bag
for a movie you had strong feeling you
know never what
what what what was it clearly a dodge
clearly clearly and obviously a Dodge
yeah no this isn't you know like a Dodge
doesn't mean negate all damage in God of
War like it doesn't like the blood-borne
no I never push man have some bag that's
not my show I have no rights to push or
or even ask I don't think I don't feel
like I even have the right to ask to be
on a half in the bag cause it is not my
show every you know once or maybe twice
now I forget they asked me to be on more
than happy to be on but not my thing
I've brought up a couple a couple
suggestions to be on review just because
that's more of a whoever wants to do
whatever the situation
they do make money off of my face right
but still half in the bag that's not
that's not my show that's that's Mike
and J's if they ever want me to be a
part of it I'm more than happy to be a
part of it but they they come to see
Mike and the other guy not the other
game I know I know the school
yeah Joe Kitty 0:01 says hey guys do you
all have a catering budget or do you
just bring in your own food right you
guys you guys have us confused with like
a real production usually when there is
a best of the worst sometimes a large
sandwich will be provided and and we get
free reign of whatever in your
refrigerator a sandwich of substantial
size it's a it's a large sandwich
it's not a great sandwich but it's a big
sandwich
so there's that usually I'll bring in
for our best of the worst I'll bring in
a little something of my own just
because I might want a cookie in between
all the movies or I might not want the
big sandwich who do I agree with most
when it comes to movies I I mean I'm not
kind of in-between now there's some
things I am totally with J on some
things i mcai down some things I'm with
Richard III like weirdo arty creepy
movies like J
I like big dumb action like Mike I like
sci-fi I like Rich I'm just all over the
place
I didn't think he gave you up at the
time
fucking die oh shit that was it oh fuck
nice job rich you are the god of war
this time my sisters remain trapped you
did it you freed the Valkyrie from her
corrupted form find them I like that
muda versal says now phase two you fight
the ghost that would suck
here take my decapitated head I think
that's just the shield to be fair each
of the balconies sounds pretty important
that's a great question
and yet yeah it is a great fucking fight
that's a highlight that's a highlight of
the game for me is that funny
I'm sure the I didn't do any of the
other fights but I'm sure the other
fights are equally as great you are
avoiding the question head as I said I
don't know why or how they become such a
wretched creature
why is there a talking head on his butt
that is Mamere he is helping us on our
quest to get to see Odin I'm nice Giants
though they're not Giants Giants though
some of them to be fair are definitely
Giants right treasure rich oh isn't that
from Thor
yes well Thor is you know mythology
based on north mythology and this God of
War is based on Norse mythology but you
just missed rich just stuck his axe into
one of Thor's kids face right and Thor's
kids face that dickhead the first the
first big fight of the movie is with
Thor's brother Boulder Boulder I think
it's no alter is it Balder or Boulder PA
oh no I don't know I've been calling
them in my head I've been calling them
Boulder so but also I've been calling
our kid a Trey you and I know it's a
Trey us but in my head it's the
neverending story
it's a Trey you
pat with paint was taken says wow they
turned the movie Thor into a religion
it's a very popular movie the Marvel
Cinematic Universe has really come a
long way I have not seen Ariel on on
flex speaking of already party I've
heard good things
Boulder's go so it's wait it's Balder
like Baldur's Gate not Boulder like a
fucking big rock okay great I thought it
was that one on the beach well now that
we've got the Giants we need to learn
the travel moon to yacht night so we can
carve it into that special eat way atop
of people and open realm travel to the
land of the Giants have entrusted
nothing liking or well they gotta take
we shall see boy
you can tell he is a God by how fast he
rose his canoe this is why it's easy
it's very easy very good legendary not
only for our fraternity but a genius at
the very Vanier magic that Odin had long
aspired to master do you find the game's
framerate distracted with the fact nice
to protect you some sometimes on stream
you might notice some frame drop it
we're not getting on a frame drop edge
here that every once in a while on
stream you might notice that just
because of our cats kids up
hey Jack what indie game are you looking
forward to I don't at this point I got
nothing I'm looking forward to checking
out the new character in in you know oh
shit
why am I forgetting the name of the deck
building game that just released this
new character slay the spire Wow
where was my brain the slave aspire just
released its third character so I'm
interested in checking that out the
brains the character isn't really how
yet it's in beta the whole game is still
in beta dawg
it's the whole game is in early access
still
are you okay I know my brain left me for
a good for a good while my brain just
straight-up left me for a good while
another indie game am I looking forward
to doesn't want me to go to that I'm
trying to follow the good marker to the
side and quest the blue marker I'm a
compass at the top look at your map see
where it is not sure what it is
covered ghoul dog's bones recover glue
glogs bones google vlogs bones what a
Incan fell I think that's the name of it
they the the old-school turn-based RPG
game about a wizard school is coming
closer and closer being done that looks
like a really adorable little game and
they just put a steam page up so I'm
looking forward to playing some Incan
fowl looked don't wants me to go back to
the pub when I get the vote it wants me
to come here uh-huh
I'm very confused
well this what this guide marker wants
me to you it's a terrible guide marker
your objective is 660 meters away rich
you are not you are nowhere nowhere even
close
you are nowhere even fucking close
and you are and now you're getting
closer - all right all right
forgotten city what was it called now
well not forgot Matt giant world these
are the jokes people these are the jokes
what wizard game Inc yeah I think it's
called incan fell I think come on I'm
being bad at I'm being bad at chroma
Ling stuff I can fell maybe I can fell i
ke n f ll is a an old-school turn-based
RPG about a wizard school it's all sorts
of pixel art and turn-based combat and
it looks really adorable
I can fell is what it's called not incan
fell I can fell and it looks great
like what quest is this now find the
whetstone you're on the Webster's ready
and so I'm looking forward to that they
just put a steam page up so that must
mean they're getting close ish
I've been playing a lot in my in my free
time with the family we've been playing
a lot of lovers in a dangerous
space-time which the children have come
to absent seemed interested in making
her happy later then once you retrieve
the whetstone
please take utmost care while handling
it it is a priceless relic after all
who's talking with the Scottish accent
it's um the head it's the head that's on
Kratos is back that's Mamere he's a head
oh you have an axe upgrade yeah and a
bow upgrade - that's nice chopper yes we
are going to review this game
rich would like to finish it first and I
think that's a smart call I think that's
a really smart call so that's why we're
playing it today
we are going to do a fold a full review
of this game why is the head Scottish
probably cuz the voice actor could do a
Scottish accent and thought it would be
fun I mean how North is Norse made to
find me some smoldering embers Jack
that's all I know if you go back to you
know that area where you choose your
realms yeah I believe one of the realms
you can choose is the fire realm and I I
didn't get any smoldering embers but it
sounds like the place to look if you go
there I remember one of the realms being
red so I think that's like a fire round
does that count I love your logic there
it would tell me I'm wrong it makes
perfect sense I'm making a leap of logic
but I think it works sly deadliest I've
played and beaten the original God of
War and that's my entire experience of
God of War rich what's your experience
pre this part of the first one okay so
that's what you got on like I mean I
remember enjoying the first god of war
obviously like there were some quick
timing bullshit but you know as a as a
dumb fun beat'em up hacking /e I enjoyed
it
once you retrieve the whetstone please
take up most care well handling I still
can't believe the son would kill his own
father that's crazy
right come on his own father I mean I
get angry at you sometimes a little but
I've never stabbed you in the back
no I imagine not
krispy fragment says four shadowy maybe
maybe not
this clan really didn't want anyone
coming in how are we supposed to get
there they must be original to the gate
maybe with the big water world
my thought is well I don't see here torn
tornado soul says Neal Breen has the
biggest balls
no more Sierra games please I loved old
do s games share a do s games story do s
huh
yeah adulthood so that share a daus game
story and fuck my cock Alan honestly I
don't I don't know the deal s is
technically incorrect
probably not but most people just stand
for something yeah most people know
ms-dos games its disk operating system
is that it yeah oh well there you go
there you go
eventually I do want us to play what's
the next space quest let three play
space for us three I think we can move
on to some point in click ease as long
as we can still do the voices for the
characters I'm okay with pointing
cookies but you know half of the fun of
those dreams is the voices to do and so
if there if there's any voice work it's
almost like what's the point you know
but I'd be okay with like a secret of
monkey island or or like viola
apparently there's a decent Indiana
Jones point-and-click adventure yeah I
wouldn't mind doing that day of the
tentacle I think has voice action we
might stay away from something like oh
that guy give you a sucker punch the
Blade Runner adventure game is better
than it has any right to be as well well
great
what I'm saying is there stuff there to
do and you know we'll do it we'll do it
what's the famous one that's kind of a
ripoff of Blade Runner is it's snatcher
snatcher chat
what catch is that snatcher yeah there
they are green snatcher
they Blade Runner ripoff that's that's a
famous one oh I've never played it oh
that could be a good place to go then
blade snatcher
yes that's no it's called sword snatcher
there's a edged weapon snatcher ah this
big be looking for one of those normal
puzzle wheels no the tire on this thing
alright
what do we do with the wheel boy hope
they go what do we do with the wheel
use your word power tell me what to do
on a scale of 1 to Kratos how durable is
that boy he's mega Kratos as he never
dies in battle you can fall the boy
cannot so he's mega Kratos there I've
seen some people call this game a a game
long escort mission to which I will say
that is very incorrect because you never
have to worry about the boys health
every once in a while an enemy will
knock him down which just means he can't
choose his enemies he is ultra boy yes
if he is infinite boy infinite boy and
vulnerable whoo there you go I am in
vulnerable here to stop the dastardly
deeds of the do villains daring what
it's high sometimes we get in here and
we get me Europe when I get me here oh
wait look around what's to the right of
that rocks just rocks don't care about
rocks up there
go back to the go back to the gate yeah
check yeah three man
yeah once we get him eight my guess is
my guess is that's an entrance over on
the on the exact opposite side of
problem I feel free to row the boat over
there
oh I bet you can you check this side you
know yeah wait did you climb up that
thing I guess sometimes when you don't
think I can do something but I can't it
is not always easy to know what I get it
I'm little
mm guys throw a rock right at you
and here's a little fun little game - so
rich put his axe away so he could beat
up the troll with his hands which does
more stun damage so rich can hop on his
head like this which is a neat little
option so now he can have the troll beat
up the other dudes instead of just doing
damage to the truck
yeah
how are you liking for dad in Iraq
first of all film monk excellent that's
an excellent title for dad in Iraq
I think rich likes it a little more than
I do I like parts of it specifically the
combat I think the combat is very good I
have many issues with it though D
McCarthy says Kratos sang boy is great
and all but no one will ever beat Agnes
scrim from the phantasm movies same
silver spinny balls
blow in the air and they have spikes on
them don't know if I've seen those
movies so I I'm sorry rich do you know
when he says the boy in those movies I
don't really have been a long time so
I've seen any of them
that's a J movie ok ok
oh yeah J likes wait wait don't go up
there yet because I bet you can explore
I know I know I know dog but there's a
way to that Treasurer
nope how about that one
Bridget yeah look he shot through the
bricks
can you send those bricks down yankin
yeah you can
he's funny thanks I know he landed on
the boy like that was the only way you
could kill him in the entire game
oh shit
there's lots of this I think I'm gonna
go put it back down and check that one
away first this seems this seems like
the way you're supposed to go classic
games
what's whatever whatever the way that
I'm supposed to go I'm definitely going
the other way first yeah that's such a
Kratos thing like not not punching not
kicking not using your weapons just
picking up a thing and slamming it
against the wall or floor fuck you I'm
Kratos
is rich having aiming issues hey yeah
I'd be using either the gyroscope or a
mouse I I was rather upset that you
could not do motion aim that would help
a lot I would help a lot I've gotten
very used to motion aiming in breath of
the wild and the ps4 controller has that
capability but they decided not to
implement it here in God of War even
though it would be great even though it
would be great boy this is everyone
knows I hate aiming with control sticks
yes it's the worst it's the worst thing
imaginable yep aim with your feelings
that's great and and you know like so
often in battle you need to kind of aim
quickly and they do have Amos ists but
there are so many occasions where you
you just want to fine-tune the aiming
and yeah being able to do that with
motion controls would be preferable
motion aiming is the absolute worst why
I think you're wrong
thank you wrong dog like that's the one
thing I'm worried about with emulating
rest of the work breath of the wild on
PC I'm worried I won't be able to get an
emotion aim and working but there might
be something most option I bet there is
a mouse option if it's emulated which
would just be tits
that'd be the tits Wow
that would make it better than the
switch version in every conceivable way
2018 the year in which motion controls
are actively asked for rather than
despised for like as part of a regular
controller would just like I add an aim
while you're still doing all the other
stuff you need to do yeah yes it's a
good thing we so basically 2018 where we
found the balance you found the proper
usage right not 100% motion controls for
everything all the time thank you me
yeah but a little bonus here and they're
fun to maim yep yep yep
rail too says rich isn't worried about
emulators ruining breath of the wild
he's worried about Jack calling the cops
only em how upset would the cops be at
me if I if anyone legitimately did that
they'd say what's wrong I've got that at
home if like if if I were a police
officer and someone said I think my
neighbor is emulating games on his
computer I would arrest that person for
wasting my time
yeah like you know I got drug dealers
and murderers and rapists to deal with
um as far as my list of priorities are
concerned also I ain't no snitch
I need to make that pretty darn clear to
everyone
I will waggle my finger all day long can
you use all of your fingers yeah they
got my money
it matches the dagger we found in his
father's background they betrayed the
trail began to betrayal
my guess young one muddling has died and
said well he thought himself ready to
lead his life i've okay with this turn
of events
classic Kratos
yes that was awesome that was awesome
nicely done that was darn near
impressive thank you jack thank you the
decision to not use your weapons to
inflict the r3 damage that was darn near
impressive man you got the shattered
gauntlet of Ages what does this one do
can I go to a menu thing to look at this
you can equip it I suppose it's a
talisman that does what I wear all right
now I think you have like big healing
talisman I think I got that the aim one
oh you have a mono okay so you could go
into the menu and look up what it does
first all right
kind of in the middle of something oh
shit I'm sorry just the game video yeah
every every once in a while we don't
know why uh uh adding to the list of
things we don't know about the stream
you will see the video game stutter
every once in a while and we don't
necessarily know why that's happening I
haven't fucked around with the talisman
as much we're in the menu is this Jack
oh fuck man
they're down there at the bottom one
here we go you have the talisman of
betrayal which gives you a little
defense buff also activate while aiming
to slow down time oh that's pretty good
one you haven't been using that I really
haven't no I keep forgetting about it
honesty so if you click on it then you
have a couple I usually use the
concentrated vitality which gives you a
little health bonus it's got a month
defense that you're on appeals to
powerful right friends and you can equip
it with a with a bonus jewel which that
ain't not bad my friend so now go to
impress the square so you can socket it
up sock it to me shit
anonymous says what are both of your
favorite turn-based RPGs not X come I
don't have a favorite turn-based RPG
they go I'm sure I've played one I've
enjoyed if it's not rainy and you can't
eat or drink it
go fuck yourself I didn't say go fuck
yourself much is my honest answer I
don't like the turn-based RPGs man
no that's exclamation point Final
Fantasy ok like I've played something
that Ivan genuinely enjoyed and I just
don't really remember what they are
XCOM not a turn-based game yeah ok
noticed turn-based RPGs
I said not turn-based games in general
right X come it's not a turn-based RPG
even though it's ster based strategy
game
it's survey strategy game and some will
say that the role-playing elements of X
comma stronger than in most RPGs but
then again you know things like you know
Madden football are probably better if
you want to define X comes an RPG I love
the fuck out of X comma oh no what I'm
saying is you know obviously the
definition of RPG is different than xn
even though the role-playing elements of
X cameras are strong
that wasn't a criticism of you that was
a how you got to find things you know I
personally I think some of these some of
the best role-playing games are stuff
like Madden where you can you know make
and coach your or you know manage your
own football team over the seasons yeah
very in-depth role-playing that wouldn't
necessarily be called a role-playing you
say turn-based RPG to me yeah I think of
something very specific of course
Final Fantasy style game absolutely no
and I don't but begrudge you for
thinking that that's the definition of
an RPG even though like I said I'm just
being cute with how we label boys it
gets a little semantics at some point
because everything is sort of an RPG
exactly ryan dois kind of fucking
everything is an RPG or has RPG type
elements that he thought before taking
action there would be no need for regret
isn't the new pixel indie game you're
excited about a turn-based RPG yes and
actually that is a classical turn-based
RPG where and like I said I'm sure there
have been games that I played in the
past I just can't think of anything I've
liked I've played Final Fantasy games
and enjoyed some of them you know I
liked a bit of Final Fantasy X and X x-2
has extensive dress-up mechanics like
that's actually a core gameplay is you
dress up your characters in different
outfits and that's what turns them into
different classes so I loved Final
Fantasy x-2 I'm swimming oh maybe my
I've played a lot of Final Fantasy games
and usually my issue with them is the
end game while I enjoy you know building
up characters as soon as you get near
the final boss it's such a grind is
you're under power I hate the grind in
those games yeah and and that's my
biggest issue with them and I think that
style of combat for turn-based combat is
a very boring style of turn-based combat
where you just take turns hitting each
other I could it's extremely boring I
understand why you would feel that way I
the I some of it I do find satisfying
alright well I'm not at fault anybody
who likes it for like oh right this is
not my thing absolutely there there's
there's parts of it I like there's parts
of it where you know skilled trees and
building up characters and whatnot
that's XCOM alright if you play XCOM
we're just trading shots with the enemy
you're gonna lose X comes about
positioning and finding ways to take a
better shot yes absolutely absolutely
now there there are things similar
strategy wise in turn-based
in traditional turn-based combat where
you know you weaken an enemy first or
give him a status ailment or you'd buff
yourself
there are things in traditional
turn-based combat that I feel are
similar to an XCOM type strategy not as
it's not as a tactical as X comma X
comma is different but I do like a lot
of that I like a lot of that turn-based
combat stuff great well I don't know how
to get past this wheel now do you have
to get past the wheel or didn't you open
a new way out I hadn't see any way out
let me you shot some things and opened
up a gate right wide opened up the gate
to get to where I went wait can I shut
it off from up here
not really does rich agree fire axis
XCOM was too simplified compared to the
original no real inventory small squads
etc I know you have something to say
about this and it's simplified in some
ways but I think the cover aspect
actually gives it you got arguing more
depth you're not trading shots out in
the open
I think I think I think they sped up the
pace of XCOM Without Really dumbing it
down all that much which that's that's a
good thing yeah yeah absolutely
I'm with you any any time you can you
can make a game more visceral without
without giving up too much of what is
that its core you've got a positive you
could probably add some inventory depth
back in but all sudden done if I had to
choose and I still like the original
XCOM but if I had to choose I probably
take the new one when you say you I've
heard I've heard you say X come to even
yeah I lumped them together to some
degree yeah what's in there isn't that
what you opened up oh yeah how oh
there's some gold oh maybe it's nothing
yeah that you were on that ship okay you
got the thing maybe you have to go the
other way no no I think it's the other
side I didn't come through her on boat
before probably on the other side yes
probably
oh there's summer oh yeah see you got to
keep going
that's the dock right there oh why
cesium says also mobs and XCOM wanax
come to add all the depth you could
possibly though any fucking thing you
want in that game there is already a mod
and 10,000 updates to that mod
absolutely and I I have most of them
because I like the pacing of the new
games right I asked about turn-based
RPGs because right now I'm playing
Chrono Trigger for the first time and
loving it I would probably despise you
and your enjoy I'm glad people who like
these things I would probably despise it
and I want to say I've I tried Chrono
Trigger and didn't get too into it what
was the other game that I really tried
to get into oh you know what you know
what game I've never played and I know
everyone is supposed to it's not
everyone's list of games is earthbound
yeah that's you know the turn-based RPG
that everyone loves and I have never
played it I kind of want to
I kind of want to but also I you know
like I don't want to come into it at
this point and just be like oh yeah it's
fine and then have everyone hate me
forever because I think this beloved
game is just fine or or shocked bad you
know I just I just don't care about the
kid with the spiky anime her right you
know you don't care about cloud
principally we found thanks kid
oh and cloud not clouds
I can't wait to test out the news I get
it yeah very much you got a you got a
rare ABS Palmer
what's with the sound we don't know I
think we need to check if is maybe a
driver update for our no idea for our
capture card maybe we haven't updated
the driver recently if we're having
sound issues and framerate issues we
might need to might need to check our
shit
while it truly wasn't my audience to
face showed itself again in the end well
he won fair's trust and she taught him
some of our Vanier magic another choice
she would live to bitterly regret sadly
despite his wise counselors best efforts
to persuade him that peace was the only
cue heart to Steve off Ragnarok or
didn't never let go of his obsession
with Jotunheim yeah and by the way all
the audio sounds like it's coming out of
a staticky radio us this mighty
sometimes they don't let you if a story
thing needs to happen I'm not in the
middle of a story thing now though so
well you're in the middle the main story
thing but they let you okay that's good
sometimes I've wanted to do the fast
traveler things let me know how to get
around our Thor and Odin etc good or bad
in this universe bad well they talk
about Odin all the time as a bad guy
that's what he just went through is Odin
marrying Freya why not cuz that kills
you down here so it's not killing me
there's the circle wait wait go ahead if
you want hey Anna feel like reloading
what happens you kills you yes you jump
you jump yeah jump oh dear
they have a thing about it earlier in
the game they say they say don't ever
don't ever go off that off the path
because it'll kill you even though
there's a button prompt to go off that
path can you can you imagine why there's
a button prompt there yes yes yeah
there's many there's many tales of
Odin's betrayal and thievery and
depravity and being a Odin is a cruel
dad in this there's many tales it's
basically the idiot check no it's not an
idiot check it's something that comes
into play in the story later it's it's
it's one of those you can never do that
thing never ever do it because you'll
definitely die and then the thing is
like we have to do it yeah we have to do
it for the story the story for the story
we have to do it and then they go okay
yeah it works this time so we didn't
start early what time what time are we
wrapping up Jack what are you feeling
that's a question for you man you know I
had planned to be here all fucking night
so how much do you want to play for the
sake I'm that's the thing yeah I don't
mind if we keep streaming I'm getting a
little bit got a word out oh okay
well knowing you know we can we can call
also because we started earlier like I
haven't had dinner yet so yeah what's
our hold on what's our uptime at how
long we've been how long we've been
moving and a groovin really we started
early
I didn't think it like it doesn't feel
like we've been going for three and a
half hours I know that's crazy that's
crazy rich you know for three and a half
hours going for oh yeah I feel bad for
people that he can get the messages that
we were starting early because it's kind
of a last-minute thing
yeah well you know there is stuff
there's something I do want to play so
we can do you want to take a break
whenever you want to stop playing God of
War I'll take over and play a little
something yeah I think I'm good for now
okay I think I'm good for now we had a
fine Valkyrie fight bad Valkyrie
fighters great we did the side quest
yeah I think I'm good okay well then
save and save and quit automatically
save or an actual main there's a if you
click the the triangle I'm just I'm just
coated on the auto it does have auto
saves as well but if you're worried
about it they do a manual saves you know
jack is gonna start cleaning again I
mean I could do a couple rounds of Noah
I want to play I want to check out that
minute game minute or you can do that or
you can check out the new character and
slay the spire
shit I guess we should check out that
now whatever you prefer I didn't even
think about that yeah yeah all right all
right I'm gonna go see if there's like a
pop-tart or something
something to shove in my face do we ever
implement that uh maybe I don't know
that we did it's probably is it up there
I think we had it in the OBS setup I
think it's set up in here I don't know
that's it oh wow we have what we should
have to be right back button
if not we can make one here make it over
here co-op sit and no we just have an
end yeah yeah here let me see if I can
put that together well we'll put it
together on stream yeah we got a tip you
give me the mouse you really take all
right we caught up but just one of the
top yeah I think my blood shot says
evening heck frauds hello Jack did you
get a chance to watch ninja I did I was
able to stomach approximately five
minutes of it before turning it off it's
really it's really low budget man I was
not quite prepared for how a low-budget
it was live-action yeah okay um rich if
you played ninja gaiden and stream yet I
think it's in a while like years ago
it's been a while but I'm pretty sure I
have I'm big fan mmm
I'm big fan we're still here it's just
in blank
Jerald of furniture says if you kill the
kid during the walking sections of this
game but he respawned
would it make the game more fun why no I
think it's not that bad the kids is not
that bad I don't know where people get
this idea like I think they just heard
it from someone who heard it from
someone but no the kid is not bad the
kid is not he's helpful in the fight and
of course he is the crux of the story of
the fucking game media this is what we
want media boy clobberer says how much
would I need to pay you to play path of
Radiance $5,000 $5,000 $5,000 will
guarantee it absolutely they go didn't
we have a we did we had a dancing thing
we're probably part put the empty back
yeah we'll get something on there so
people don't see a black screen Wow
so we got that at one point we had a
little dancing file it's on this
computer somewhere I assumed BG relax
what's that
that's not what I'm looking for oh what
a lot of relax I get why it's relax
I gotta find uh air hold on let's go
back to this one for a little bit Hey
just so we're here
mm say you guys can see us while I look
through files on the computer case you
exhale look display my tax records
exactly yes thank you what's this image
Rich's home address and social security
number that's probably what we're
looking for right I don't think that's
Oh
here's the will be back dance it's in
the overlay all right okay so then we'll
go back to we'll be back and then we go
to add source media file in overlay will
be back dance okay
oh but I didn't make it transparent
that's fine well so I thought I think I
got to do oh you know what actually this
one is weird where it's actually the
color gray which is the same color as
hold on well we'll make this right so
there's the will be back dance wait but
you come out of the side oh can I just
make you full full screen here I
probably can
isn't this exciting
the the behind-the-scenes
behind-the-scenes of the of the stream I
know you're all very excited about it so
no way just to make you the size of the
thing no I'll put you down there and
we'll put you there and then a who's
zoom in I like whoop that's Gras it's
great there now that we did all of this
to get our message up we'll play it
obnoxious commercial I'm good
well first on the mute so we mute this
no then we mute us