Episode 094
Gee Wizard (pt 1)
May 17, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhGOUtvBaVE
_______________________________________

supposedly where is that shield supposed
to go this is our first toy review
apparently this is this is our first
official toy review could you alt-tab me
I'm gonna move over to the the camera
only yeah yeah hey everybody look at
this look at his Kratos you're gonna
hear how we oh I was over very loud I
was over at Target picking up a few
things
oh you know rich really love this god of
war I'm gonna get this action figure for
the legs fell right out the aspect ratio
is fucked up well this is temporary
thing her oh the legs just fell out the
legs just fell right out and it's a nice
that's like a nice sculpt the arms are
great legs Nick the the legs fell out
when Rich was taking it out of the box
the blurry mumbly show is on are we
blurry where we that shouldíve
image of the camera no we're fine
temporarily that looks fine doesn't it
yeah do a bitch about everything Jack
you look bitch about everything you
can't you can't worry about it I can't
worry about it
this leg doesn't even go dumb doesn't no
audio no I should have but I shouldn't
have audio
I should have audio do you hear me now
Oh toy was too blurry gotcha
it's a piece of shit oh that's a real
shame I can't even get though I can't
even get the leg the leg joint go down I
thought that what I thought was it you
know in my head I was like this would be
a really fun addition for you know like
in the screening room we have toys all
over the place like in here we have some
toys it's like ah rich really like that
God of War I'm gonna I'm gonna get this
for rich and you know have it be as a
nice little present and it it's
crumbling in his hands the second he
took it out of his box I don't even
think the ball socket for the leg is in
the right way yeah it says toy has
issues this toy has issues and we're
gonna get taken care of I'm gonna return
it I'm gonna get another one I'm gonna
lodge a complaint with nobody actually
take it out of the box okay what are you
talking about why did you take it out of
the box you're an adult you don't play
with toys I was like I wanted to play
with Kratos let me play with Kratos
my biggest complaint yeah he does not
come with boy he does not come with boy
and he comes with a shield but there was
no way to mount the shield on the arm
what the fuck was right no also there
was no option to buy boy like there was
no separately sold boy
ellee's that I saw maybe there wasn't
they were all sold out but boy was extra
huh
it's fine it's fine fine you know what
it's all fine it's all fine okay so we
ready yeah I guess
you're on record you're on McCord rich
okay what needs to be set up in the lab
our new tips oh we we are we went with
after some after some talk de bont huh
debate after some debate talked to
beefcake a bit we went with stream labs
who has a very similar tipping service
um let's see if this is the password it
is so they have a very similar tipping
service that goes through PayPal again
so it's not bits and hopefully I have
that all right in the down below but
we'll see four for you for you people
watching tips should work exactly the
same but I don't really know because I
haven't done it yet so but J jrz and the
chance is Jack
you said you fixed the green screen but
I don't even see it first of all nice
joke secondly we're gonna see if this
cold green screen situation worked what
what I got was and I know this is gonna
be very exciting for a lot of people cuz
this is you know like me getting into a
little bit of Tech Talk yeah I got a
tube that's filled with LED lights and I
put it on top of a Amazon box okay so
it's gonna burn the Amazon box its LEDs
it creates no heat no he it creates a
very very little creates very little
heat Sam an old man I'm used to big hot
boys big big hot bowl gimme them give it
him hot balls
okay meat in my mouth
is the minimum five dollars I know the
minimum should still be two dollars
should be I don't know to be quite
honest with you
here yeah make it make it five doing it
get out of here but so yeah it's it's a
it's like a it's it almost looks like a
fluorescent tube that's filled with LEDs
that's on Amazon box right behind us
that's you'll see like a little glow in
my head and so now we have a very strong
light on the green screen so it should
work just fine so what the fuck am I
playing here we're playing wizard of
legend and I will get to playing it in
just one moment because there's one
thing that I forgot to do before the
stream started I'm sorry and I got to do
that real quick I'll be I'll be I'll be
shocked
I'll be absolutely shocked if we don't
get a tip tonight asking me what does
better whoopee cushions or fart bags was
that one of the things in the in the
thing I'll be absolutely shocked if that
doesn't happen oh that's why it was
raised to five I get it now I get it now
I thought you were asking a legitimate
question about tipping but you were
referencing a video how silly of me to
think they were being legitimately
curious instead of referencing something
in a video there's nothing in the video
we just bump up the comments well but I
think all of them were five dollars well
and so that's what I think that's what
they're referencing come oh man why are
you such a shitty laptop what did we do
rich to deserve such a shitty laptop can
you answer
been raising five dollars we can buy a
fancy new laptop Windows is working on a
on a reasonably priced surface option
yeah which looks good surface laptops
are pretty powerful it's a lot of touch
but
they're working on a reasonable price
surface laptop so I'm gonna wait for
that and then get us a nice surface
laptop this just isn't working
but to but for why but for why are you
not working so in a case the toy sucks
the light works all's good in the world
the weather's great everything except
the toy is good everything except for
the toy is great but these are time to
have a laptop building stream absolutely
there might be an issue with people not
being able to tip with a name Dominic
says she's trying to put his name in but
it's coming up anonymous okay hold on
one second we can actually change that
we can change it right away
okay donations they can't see that great
enabled name to the mount amount it
could be I wonder if it's too many if
gobbledygook is too long of a name yep
we got that that looks right Tony a
message setting minimum amount to show
$2 font setting good alert variations
now we're good
your name should be showing up I'm sorry
if it's not well I'm sure we'll get this
ironed out if it ends up being an issue
for other people absolutely we will
absolutely get this figured out okay
jesus H Christ there's one program
running on this computer and it's dang
near useless any time any time you want
to shut down that that laptop has seen
better days
it sure has rich it sure has so the
question oh what what I'm trying to do
is I'm trying to make it able so rich
can read your tips when eventually we
get this whole tip thing ironed out and
and right now so far the answer is no we
can't do that because everything is
terrible in the world
your browser hogging all the memory
apparently we're trying to close the
browser and it won't close there we go
closed closed it's closed okay I'm just
gonna let it breathe for a second open
up Chrome again it's Chrome so yeah that
usually takes up a decent amount of
memory what
anytime you're ready anytime you're
ready Crum I believe in you I believe
that you can do it by more ram buying
not for enough Ruth okay actually could
for a laptop and it probably doesn't
have any room for fucking expansion come
on right fucking laptop yeah I wouldn't
even want to open this thing up there's
so much shit in it alright anytime
you're ready Chrome I believe in you I
believe in you download more ram that's
a great joke thanks for sharing thanks
for sharing that would never do the
opposite of what you want to do come on
come on come on
is there some kind of god-awful cloud
RAM option I wonder in this world I
can't imagine that that would work you
you know you would need a hard Ethernet
right it would probably be terrible and
slow I'll bet you they could do it I bet
you they could do it I mean to have more
RAM on the cloud technically you know
with the slowest RAM ever with with
stuff like Steam link all you need to do
you know you could have your RAM other
places and you just offload the video to
it to whatever monitor you want right so
you know they have something kind of the
same any time you want to open up chatty
it's gonna do it it's gonna do it any
moment now rich I believe in it I
believe in it I believe in the power my
idea is bad and I should feel bad I'm
presuming is what you mean it's joke not
an actual idea I wouldn't want to use
cloud ram and and i think in in the joke
you said that it would be a bad idea in
really slow yeah so man hey thanks for
coming
yeah they might've been referencing
something else for talking with someone
else in the chat sure that's true uh hi
you give them the benefit of the doubt I
do why not why not why everyone else
gets the benefit of the fuckin doubt
everyone except Trump there now it's
perfect stream holy shit first five
minutes in the first fucking five
minutes god damn it you ruined it
you wrote in the first five minutes here
we go
logging in I'm almost ready I know any
week now we're gonna start this gaming
stream and it's gonna be great I can
feel it
apparently chatty doesn't want to work
so you don't get chatty but you got the
chat right there rather have over
handful rabble away oh wait there's
chatty oh my god I were like 18 chat
he's gonna pop up now because I've been
clicking it all day maybe
if we can blame anybody we could blame
me let's blame me I was a little bit
late you were slightly late I I guess
you know the one thing I didn't check
was the laptop I was I was getting
everything else set up and I did not
check whether or not the laptop was
working so how about how about we have a
little ko blame okay I could deal with
that little ko blame I should have had
it rich is never late nor is he early a
rich Evans arrives exactly when he means
to I've been I've been reaching the the
Lord of the Rings okay the extended
editions with my kids yeah and that's
just something Gandalf says in
Fellowship of the Ring a wizard is never
late Frodo Baggins noise he early a
wizard arrives exactly when he attends
to our children young children feel
about those films they I was really
worried because we only have the
extended editions yeah which by the way
I don't know if you guys know this that
means each movie is four fucking hours
long luckily it comes on two discs even
in the DVD era so it's like six movies
for them so it's six movies but it's
like bin jabal TV yeah and so they're
you know the the first half of
fellowship of the Rings was getting a
little bit boring but since then like we
got fucking Luke I murder giant battles
talking trees evil wizards sword fights
are are the Laura the Rings films the
extended cuts are they longer than the
first season of stranger things they are
are they longer than the first two
seasons how long's the first season
strange of things I'm trying to remember
if they're like half-hour episodes they
might be our hour they might be our so
then it's so then there it's probably
about our season
it's probably longer than the first
season but I don't know if it's longer
than both seasons about one and a half
seasons that sounds right so yeah we've
been what we've been watching the Lord
of the Rings and like now you remember
the ring
did you see the Lord of the Rings yeah
you know like the Radley remember very
little specifics I'm hoping you remember
the visual you remember the ring wraiths
the people in the black hood that are
always looking for the ring remember
when you see them flying a dragon fly
across the camera well no and there's a
whole scene in the in the the two towers
where they're like the the flying dragon
is like attacking a city and so they're
just like there's a fucking dragon in
the movie they went they went nuts
they went fucking nuts man all I
remember is that Gollum was a neat
character that's all I remember
yeah gallon is neat you know what okay
yeah we are getting donations but now
how do I see only donations all right
give me a second here here's how we slow
build-up or it works but you know like
my youngest is six and there's only so
much like happy hobbits he can deal with
you know like the little people are
throwing a party for an old man little
person and so you did like like well
give me the war give me give me
something give me some action and so
like in the in the theatrical cuts he
probably would have been fine but why
wouldn't you just give them a theatrical
cause first we don't have them okay one
and we we prefer the extended editions
and the Alisa and I wanted to rewatch
them too and so it's like fucking
watching that we're watching the
extended editions all right hold on when
our stream that's a fantastic question
you guys are asking all the important
questions here all the important
questions I'm trying to get to a point
where rich can read tips chad furrow
couldn't even do that one thing
furro had one job and he couldn't handle
it
the ending of those movies is so odd to
me I I really don't know if it's poetry
or just the most bizarre anticlimax of
any movie ever
where the day is accidentally saved
through Boober II well I think Samwise
has a little has a little bit to do with
it but photos the fucking protagonists
right and and what I would have thought
what a powerful message be how how how
much evil and power can corrupt ones
that I'm not sure if it's poetry or just
the worst anticlimax ever I don't know
Touche you know what Touche here we go
boom boom boom I'm just imagining me as
Frodo like tripping and falling into the
volcano at the end right oh wait we
don't want to see we don't want to see
or do do we want to see bit rich do you
want to see bits
I put the ramp oh I can't see my own
feet and you and the ring fall into my
shit where's the lunch that's great rich
yeah I have an important question for
you do you want to also see who gave us
bits in the stream that's fine that's
fine
because I figured it out
okay so now it's a little jank no you
know what no get out of here there now
it is less jank here you go rich chat
and tips all right I did it I finally
did it
I want to play a game now you you do
that you do that there I think this
unplugged
I'm fairly sure the the controller is
unplugged rich help it help it
oh wait nope yeah it's something you
might have to restart the game all right
are you plugged in nope works right all
right all right single player let's do
this
dr. Denham PhD in tums it's something in
tums PhD in tums ok says hey guys first
time tipper longtime fan of our lab I
made a fan video titled super hat fraud
racing it's j+ mario kart racing it's a
short video and it would mean the world
to me if i saw your guys reaction live
you're asking for a world of hurt for a
world of hurt Gallagher says the answer
to your question is you don't want to
see us react live because we're not no
matter what we're not gonna give you the
reaction that Yan and I don't know what
the contents of your video are and I'm
not risking it other great great things
right yeah yeah but the Greg says what
is better a whoopee cushion or a fart
bag yeah everything is right in the
world Gallagher says but a back to the
Future for be super cool super lame-o
hitting all the bullet points great get
it out of the way guys get it out of
your system
Sean says I like the troubleshooting
stream so I have mixed feelings about
helping you get a new laptop what like
either a new laptop or we need to do you
know something is um here's the crazy
thing about this laptop yeah we only use
an internet browser and chatty ok how is
it gunked-up is this the hyper light
drifter people
that so looks like the hyper light
drifter - well you know it's a - I don't
know okay great
attendee R says so was the burger
Goodrich I see a little bit cold by the
time he gets a bombing
okay Tomcat 2096 says I've long wondered
why would sweet innocent supple Canadian
boy Colin recommend such a vile and
disgusting movie like mad foxes is there
something wrong with him
yes also I've been drawing you guys
while you stream would you like a
drawing
would you care I would like it or a
little we're not streaming no art that's
fan art yeah love them yeah that's
always fun recruit more pimps for uses
Jack I'm Jack dead Sarah has a new song
out called heavens got a back door I'm
tweeting it to you now I think you'll
enjoy it
thank you I will check that out PS the
new Arctic Monkeys album is weird as
fuck and I love it four stars out of
five you know I never got into the
Arctic the Arctic Monkeys
okay
London flex in ski says rich if you
think the Lord of the Ring movies are
anti-climatic the books are even more
anti-climatic in the book Gollum steals
the ring doesn't dance and then falls
off the ledge into the lava and once
they get back to the Shire sorrow man
and slave the hobbits oh no really it's
been a while since I read them I can see
it I don't know if they're fucking with
me but I can see it that's great
first of all that's great then
Anonymous's Jack and rich and chat nice
debate time after adding milk to cereal
would you consider it a beverage a sauce
a broth or something else entirely
thanks I guess technically it would be
like I said like a soup it's like a spa
Cho yeah it's like a gazpacho you want
to know something weird what do you want
to you want some some weird jack trivia
go ahead god I don't put milk in my
cereal that is weird
I don't put milk in my cereal and try or
do something else dry I have milk well
as an adult now I almost never ever eat
cereal yeah ever like even on days and I
feel like I can I don't ever lock Tober
is for Frankenberry but otherwise not
really so no I never put milk in my
cereal I never much cared for the
texture difference of light because like
it is it's like gazpacho it's it's
cereal soup and I hate it and years ago
my dad told me a story as to why I don't
eat milk with my cereal I'd like an
incident there was an incident
apparently and not a big incident not
like it's it's not as something you
would consider that would be
life-changing but apparently while
you're young yeah I was very young I was
over at my dad's house with my brothers
and sister and and because I was the
youngest I got milk last so you know he
gave us cereal oldest next me by the
time he got to me ran out of milk for
the cereal
uh I'm out of milk and apparently I was
just like and I'll be fine I'll just do
it like this like I was just like a good
because I am a go-with-the-flow kind of
guy so apparently even as a kid I was so
good with funnies like that I'll go I'll
go get some milk just wait I was like
nah hungry now I'm eating it never had
milk with my cereal again so I'm also
very stubborn apparently I thought
you're gonna get like like the sour milk
or something no no it was a very it was
it was not an event that you think would
shape my life in any fashion and to be
honest with you I don't remember this
yeah I just don't like it together huh
but that's the story that my dad tells
whether it's true or not you know
there's a whole nother thing but go with
the flow and also stumper yeah gun go
with the flow but very stubborn and so
then he was like no you can't you know
because I'm sure what he's like I'll go
get some milk you have to have milk this
year like no I like it like this I tell
you I like it like this now forever
this is what happens when you donate
about milk you get you get a milk story
dr. Denham PhD and Tom says it's a good
thing Harvey Weinstein doesn't have the
ring he would have a heyday with it also
can I get a shout-out for Dylan and
Corey at least Dylan and and Corey at
least there you go
the latchkey kids is Jack and rich it
was announced that Babylon 5 we coming
to Amazon Prime video next month think
you might give it a shot now did Mike
ever see it and what did he think Thanks
I have no idea of Mike's ever seen it
we've never talked about it
I I don't know what I'm not planning on
giving it a shot now but I watched the
pilot once that I couldn't get through
the pilot so Babylon 5 yeah yeah sounds
about right
I know everyone tells me it gets better
it gets so much better I know
what
this looks like more arcadey
hyper light drifter light drifter I'm
okay with them I'm okay with it not to
say anything was wrong with hyper light
drifter but you know me I like I like my
my arcade eNOS skipping all this what's
this what's the deal here that we're at
a museum we're at like a museum of
ancient Wizards and they're giving us so
you're a wizard at a museum of ancient
Wizards yes oh wait I think some story
stuff is happening
oh no the ancient gem what his game is
called wizard of legend it's right down
there right down there any way to fix
the tip box in the overlay oh no what
did i do I don't know have you been
watching him I haven't no no next time
someone tips oh wait no we don't need to
wait for next time ah here hold on I
messed up apparently test donation no it
looks fine okay Jon tips for some money
that's how it should look that I just
hit the test donation button and that's
how does it look weird when someone has
a longer name is that why there are two
overlays one too big and one too small
what are you talking about I guess the
subscribers it's tiny text and the other
one it's big text
yes very weird Jack the new donate link
is down in the in the give us money or
don't box longer names move Oh longer
names move the box
ah well that's weird
why would longer names move the five
well I will fix it later
I can't fix it right now we're gonna fix
it later sorry
hammer cap says I mailed out four big
boxes of movies today
do you guys already have the VHS
adventure game doorways to horror what I
don't know that we have that one
specifically the VHS adventure game it's
the thing let's do it you send it to us
we'll do it we'll play a VHS adventure
game that's on battle tech I haven't
gotten around to it yet okay battle tech
so you've mentioned you might want to
play it we need another review you wanna
do it there and so like I was thinking
battle tech I know that Detroit game
comes out soon do you really want to
Troy I have a little curious I don't I
mean I've never played one that would be
good for huh first four hours oh sure
that's a good idea yeah that's a good
idea yeah we could I mean we could do
battle tech I know you're looking
forward to playing it and I'm just
thinking about you know what else to do
for the next review what was the other
suggestion I gave you those are the two
that stood out though there was another
one was like a I mean we could do this
maybe this maybe this but yeah we could
do battle tech if you want I think that
that's a review where you'll do most of
the talking but I'll be there too I'll
be there to give you a little back and
forth
I've heard some people really enjoy
battle tech and I do you know what I do
like I do like giant robots there you go
so I am a big fan of giant robots
oh yes mention Hyrule warriors
no no hyrule warrior completed no oh I'm
gonna stream the fuck out of that okay
okay great great great thank you
you're gonna do all the relics you're
gonna hold my clothes uh you know what I
kind of like the blue kind of like the
blue
okay thank you and you are Hyrule
warriors is great come on now look I I
understand that's the same makers of
dynasty warrior and it's basically a
dynasty Warriors game and dynasty
Warriors is brainless mashing shit
uh-huh and the problem is dynasty
Warriors is about as satisfying as
stepping out a bunch of ants
Campbell gloves
okay I want some combo gloves
searing chain
okay the irony that you dislike dynasty
Warriors and Jack the artsy fartsy guy
who loves it madness kit why y'all gotta
put me in a box I like it I like
arty-farty I like it when my art has a
meaning behind it and I also like face
off like I love big dumb action movies
and big dumb action games dynasty
Warriors is the Michael Bay of video
games it's just dumb action can you
think of another game I like that is
dumb in the way that dynasty Warriors is
dumb
not necessarily
it's like a bunch of little bunch of
little guys that aren't gonna hurt you
can't hurt you and this hoarders them
and you just mow them down and you feel
good about yourself they can't hurt you
I don't know you you Dead Rising yeah
Dead Rising is all about the timer
though man there's other shit the Dead
Rising yeah that's a bad example there's
other shit too Dead Rising the sequel
the later sequels the Dead Rising suck
because they think it's all about dumb
beat up all the zombies
Dead Rising for me though about the
timers and the bosses
okay oh cool cool great just to figuring
out how to equip stuff wear my gloves at
you and check the fact that I ran around
90% of all the zombies in my last
playthrough should tell you how I feel
about dynasty warriors cuz that wasn't I
wasn't engaged you go I'll get all the
zombies I got a I got a I got a thing I
need to do I'm gonna go do it dodge and
weave the zombies but it's not I'm a big
tough guy I'm not gonna be fun there's
different things for everyone
that's neat
okay okay great
ready to go ready to go do I play MOBAs
now ma'am Oh buzz
I don't know what I'm buying
all right let's do this Oh
cake cream
nobody should play my was their very
popular Boba's they're very popular
that's an uphill battle I'm not sure you
want to fight
crap 23 aces hey rich
longtime Gears of War player here and I
was intrigued by your review of vanquish
so I finally broke down and bought a
copy last month only to find out that it
is now free with Xbox Live Gold starting
today spread the word there you go
I guess I guess the word is spread if
you're an owner of an xbox I guess you
can get it free doubt or in with the
Xbox gold or whatever whatever that is
you pay for the Internet you got to pay
for your Internet's consoles man weird
shit yeah they they like money they sure
do like money
I thought counsels are supposed to be
cheaper well though yeah hardware right
the hardware's cheaper sometimes the
hardware is cheaper
yeah Nintendo just announced their
online thing and they're still pushing
forward with this whole in order to talk
with people online you have to use your
phone which I know a lot of I know a lot
of people are upset with this I haven't
even heard this you know they have their
app they have like the Nintendo app
uh-huh and so like for example in
splatoon if you want to like team chat
with people you need the app on your
phone in order to talk with people and I
think there's a good idea in there
somewhere unfortunately then let's like
you're listening to people through
headphones in your phone and not the
game like you know so how do you listen
to the game and your teammates without
having it just in one ear well yeah you
have to use your phone to team chat with
people okay but Nintendo is starting
their their monthly service thing things
out fuck you
if the phone goes to the sleep mode the
app shuts down your voice communication
it's bad it's it's yeah it's I I think
there was like 1/2 of an idea in there
we're like everyone has a cell phone
already so what if we use that
infrastructure in our in our online
gaming or is this a case of the switch
is already underpowered as it is so
we're asking a game to also have to
handle voice communication would you
just be asking a little bit too much I
like it that makes a ton of sense I'm
not gonna discount that possibility
okay that makes actually a ton of sense
it's a sold abox Mario's not bad plus
Mario vs. rabbits is cool yeah there's
there's a lot of neat games on the
switch I still didn't get a round of
golf sterling
oh no it's fun it's cute you know what
it's cute I never finished it to give
you my full commitment level to it but
it's a cute game it's a real it's a real
neat game they did some really
interesting stuff at the start of the
game that I wish they they would have
followed through with later on but now
siren senses Neal Breen has completed
another film yay two films since your
last breeding any chance have passed
through do you think he's just a secret
secret performance artists I'd like to
do more Neal Breen that's where we're at
nonnamous is hey guys I recently found
out that the only other thing of my life
that also has happened but also happens
on Sundays and Wednesdays is taking off
the trash and I think that's a perfect
correlation with watching you guys keep
up the great work
yeah you're welcome you're takin out
thanks for that backhanded compliment I
don't know if that wasn't even a
compliment that's a backhanded I don't
even know if it was a backhanded guy
this is an insult I think he just called
this trash yeah pretty sure
oh wait there's a shop alright I see you
post this eight thousand times
oh I don't have the ability to turn off
the dead rising timer I didn't I didn't
bitch at you from not winding a timer I
don't know why you asked that eight
thousand times sure if that's what you
want I don't care about it in I'm pretty
sure it's alright even mater didn't find
a MOT I think the game is pointless
without a timer but you do you men
I'm not criticizing what you do you can
stop spamming the chat with that now
well there you go easy peasy mods are
good mind your single player game
however you want I don't give a shit
mods are good hey rich that's a great
transition I'd like to take I like to
you know your seamless flawless
transition I'd like to take a moment to
point out how great your seams are I'd
like to talk a little bit about mods we
were talking about what game to play
today and and I kept
and I so we were talking about mods and
I came across a little thing that it was
originally the thing we were gonna play
to ferric today which was a it shocked
me a Selda link to the past randomizer
and I was like oh my God look at this
neat little thing as someone like found
a way to mess with the code of Link to
the Past I don't know we stopped here at
the randomizer is something else right
well well I came across the the world
and so there's a Link to the Past
randomizer which gives you items at
random times in the game and what gives
you access to different areas so
sometimes you'll end up with the
boomerang when you really need the bombs
or something like that yeah and it's an
interesting take on zelda i came across
another set of mods that is actually a
mash-up of a Link to the Past and Super
Metroid so randomly when you enter a
house or a cave the game just turns into
Super Metroid
and then randomly in Super Metroid the
game turns back to link to the past and
I was I was thinking I was like what a
weirdo neat premise but you know in my
head I thought the items also swapped
and so like you would get like the your
beam weapon in Link to the Past like how
crazy could it be you know you'd have
your master sword in in Super Metroid
but as it turns out it was it was a
little more cut and paste than that
sounds like rich we needed a snez
emulator and we need roms of link to the
ipad in florida super metroid because
okay so here's the thing as you as you
the chat probably knows I have a pretty
hardline stance on emulation very hard
line because I feel that most people use
emulators and roms to steal rather than
to create backups or whatever and so I'm
generally speaking against them because
it encourages thievery in my opinion
okay obviously all
chat is about to very hardly disagree
well yes right now but another thing
about me that I really like is modding I
think modding is not only fun and cool I
think it's necessary for the artform a
video game you ready to get a little
arty-farty
you get a arty-farty as you want I think
that remix culture is something that
moves our forward okay taking a Picasso
painting and finding a spin on it as a
way to move the art forward and you know
I'm a big fan of hip hop and so remixes
and sampling songs to use in in hip hop
tunes is integral to that art form and
so modding is just a way of expanding
the art of video games right but but for
some of these older games there is no
modding without roms and emulation yes
and so my love of modding and my
hardline stance of emulation my black
and white what I'm saying is there's a
little bit of grey in there there's
there's no modding of a modern game like
breadth of the wild without emulation
exactly so what I'm saying is my my
black and white is turning a little grey
okay okay
though you might be able to mod breath
of the wild on a modified we but then
yeah it's still kind of it's kind of the
same but I guess what I'm saying what
I'm saying is I'm I'm understanding more
benefits to emulation though I still
believe that and then you know like
there's a there's other things where
it's like people were talking about like
preservations
of older lost games like oh that's
that's a really important thing I do
still think though that most people get
an emulator to steal and that's wrong
stealing is wrong
so I bought a bunch of shit where do I
get my stance as it's always been
yeah if you end up emulating or pirating
something and you really enjoy the thing
you have pipe pirated give your get man
find a way to get your money to the
people who made it because they earned
it yeah
you pirated that thing and it was
awesome you know the person who made
that you know if they have money maybe
they'll keep making more things me maybe
rich they might go here there but coming
down with a hard-line stance that's just
that's not going to end piracy it's it's
it's not going to happen
oh no of course it's not gonna end
nothing nothing will end people wanting
shit for free nothing nothing well oh my
god that guy in the chat is still going
on about the bill rising timers Wow okay
oh my oh my god you were right and you
won the argument you can shut up now
do we anything you say anything you say
yep oh wow you did it you did it asshole
right
oh okay I'm getting it are we supposed
to pronounce David I know people is
David you know people don't we find out
David do you know cuz David II know is
the person I don't know okay
anyway saying hey Bros hey bro
David Dino here he spell - itís eyes dit
out David Dino which I don't I don't get
that out of the series of letters in the
actual name David Dino David Dino says
you guys should play in justice - it's
the perfect time since the Senate voted
in favor of net neutrality of a net
neutrality bill the legendary edition is
cheap it has all the LC you also should
invite Jay to show him a good Batman vs
Superman story thanks I'm not against
planet yeah it's on the list of things
we've almost three and a few times and
we we had fun with the first one so yeah
nothing nothing against streaming it you
know we still have a ways to go with the
net neutrality they the Senate passed a
resolution to vote on repealing net
Mitra the net neutrality laws we still
got a ways to go but that is very
positive news something to celebrate it
you know there instead says you guys may
have already talked about it and even
though it is just a teaser the teaser
for the predator really seemed
underwhelming it looked cheap and
digital for now but it's just teaser and
Shane Black is usually reliable i I will
trust Shane black I heard a little bit
about it I haven't seen it yet I also
have not seen it cuz I'm gonna see the
movie so I don't care about watching the
trailer
crispy-fried man says rest in peace
Margaret Ruth Kidder yes Don oh gee Lois
Lane
yeah absolutely absolutely back it back
in the day by the way when you could
have fucking Lois Lane bust out a poem
right in the middle of your superhero
movie do you remember that no remember
that was say Superman goes to visit Lois
Lane and you know like she's doing her
interview thing and then he takes her
for a fly and she's 13 busting out
poetry's is beautiful I'm saying it's
weird this is that was an appropriate
spot if you're gonna bust out poetry you
don't do it when when Lex Luthor's
launching the nuclear missiles that
would have been weirder yes that would
have been much stranger
Touche rich Touche
laughs fuck fuck
girl or pinch for you who says have you
seen the Netflix show the end of the
fucking world rebellious girl falls in
love with a self diagnosed psychopath
who was secretly planning on killing her
as his first human victim not adventures
in suru the whole series is only two and
a half hours long oh I see I don't
imagine how you stretched that out so I
think I saw a trailer for it it was like
I did just watch um what did I just see
on Netflix I did not enjoy very much
maybe I shouldn't talk about it cuz
bandit was a stinker and no one's really
talking about so never mind never mind
okay I decided against it alright you
don't don't throw shit stones
you don't gotten most recent thing I
watch and I quite enjoyed it was Cobra
Kai you know what I saw of the first
episode of Cobra Kai that's cute but
they made that asshole likeable enough
they made a why they'd have a lot
likeable to me he's still a dickhead
sure they they made him appropriately
likeable where he's still a big dickhead
I don't know if I want him to succeed
but it was cute I thought oh don't you
want to see him become a better person I
do want to see him become a better
person so no yeah oh no you know what I
saw the first two episodes cuz I also
saw the Ralph Macchio focused one uh-huh
yeah I'm bored whenever he's on screen
yeah but like to me this I wish the
focus of the series wasn't quite a split
I just don't give a shit about Danny
Larusso it's it's a nice yin and yang
so I'm gonna say it I'm gonna say it was
it was it was all cute I agree that it's
a cute cherish this though they they
constructed a show without a clear
villain and when it came to the to the
last episode they like usually in any
kind of movie you have a clearer like
y'all you know the good guys gonna win
and this is the good guy I
no idea who was going to win in the end
of the Cobra Kai sir oh sure
I have legitimate suspense and that I
did not know how the writers were going
to resolve the situation because it's
there's a lot of gray area in Cobra Kai
there's not this one's the hero and this
one's the villain hole it's a whole lot
of gray yeah yeah yeah which is very
nice about the show wait do they have a
rematch only at a very roundabout way
but not they don't have a fight
oh I did I did not sign up for YouTube
read to watch the show I I wanted to get
rid of ads and and still have a
conscience you know I don't want to use
adblock but I was I was I was sick to
death of ants yes and YouTube red is
100% worth it yep oh man it is great
just just the no ants
I literally the only exclusive YouTube
read content I've I've watched is Cobra
Kai yeah oh I liked that one
okay I get it again yeah like I said I
was cute that is also the only YouTube
read show I have ever ever watched and
you know it kind of looks like a YouTube
read show I'll be honest with you mm-hmm
it looks like a couple kids from YouTube
recorded that which one Cobra Kai okay
yeah I can that's what it looks like you
are wrong it looks kind of bass it looks
like a TV show that's it looks like a TV
show I'm sorry we're gonna greet
disagree all right
and you know what I'm not even say I'm
not saying it looks it looks basic as an
insult
I'm glad that they are not necessarily
worrying about super high production
quality just yeah they're making
something that's that's fun and
interesting and they got to make it
cheap so you know oh I don't get to keep
it oh I like that one
okay so anything I buy in the dungeon is
only for the dungeon I don't unlock it
later
good good to know
it looks like Jack is crazy it looks
just like any WB show content wise you
know it's it's better production wise I
think WB has a little on them it looks
like a little TV show to me I'm you know
it's it's not I don't think it's an
insult to say that it it looks cheap but
because there's so much more to a show
than just how it looks
future press down beasts is hey rich and
Jack hi future Prez are B yeah and to hi
to Alex who will watch the stream later
hi Alex
question the ability what for us or for
Alex Ross okay you know what I'm just
gonna say for Alex and not answer it
this is a question for Alex yeah watch
this later Alex
the important question coming up if you
had the ability to travel back in time
and alter one critical life decision to
the betterment of your current life what
would you change and why love you guys
Michael Alex you answer that question
for a future president later and let us
know what you said
yeah we're interested
a dark katana how do i do use that I
don't know you'd probably swing it it's
a katana
Touche
dr. Denham PhD in tum says is stealing
really wrong when it's from companies
that charge more than what they're said
product is worth isn't pirating a bit
like being Robin Hood stealing from
multi-million dollar companies giving to
the poor aka me there's great debate on
what Robin Hood actually did back in the
day and no no because what what you're
what you're saying is what you're saying
is because they charge too much money I
still want the thing I'm just not going
to pay for it if you really were
sticking it to them you just wouldn't do
the thing right like oh this video game
I really want to play it but $50 that's
too much but I really want to play it so
I'm gonna steal it that's not that's
bullshit on you man well at the end of
the day yeah your your your kind of
stealing it and you just kind of have to
own up to that if you're gonna do it
absolutely no I mean you're you're
absolutely stealing it and you just have
to own up to it if you really wanted to
hurt those companies everyone who stole
it wouldn't be playing it and then no
one would be talking about it how guilty
you feel is up to you hmm sure sure
first a to swell house well I don't know
right how do I get you oh I'm fine not
fuck you but you know if you're a pirate
a game like this yeah if I'm not making
that much money it's probably
proportionally disproportionately
hurting the people who made this
what is it the Wizards of The Wizard of
legend right sort of legend well that
you know that's just the thing with
piracy is people start doing it and then
they start doing it for everything and
then you're not just hurting but but if
you pirate God of War you know the
person who made the texture on Kratos
his leg he probably didn't make billions
of dollars on that game he's just a
working schlub and hiring a game like
that even that it's hurting here just
some some schlub some schlub who has a
job just trying to make a living and
then and then you have these these big
triple-a companies who are saying we're
just not making the return on these
investments we got to listen we got a
lot some schlubs go yeah absolutely
absolutely and so then they start
letting schlubs go and outsourcing to
you know South Korea and and then it's
all fucked man then it's all fucked
you're not gonna stop piracy by sitting
on a high horse but just keep in mind
that if you're enjoying the thing the
person who made it really did earn that
money that they didn't get right I here
here's my counter argument to that rich
as I mentioned in the God of War review
I am a big believer of III I hate it
when people say do as I say not as I do
and so I it's not high horse it's I'm
trying to lead by example
okay okay so
yeah I get to fuck out here there's a
shop with a potion I'm gonna be smart
this time and buy a potion oh it heals
me right away I'll fuck damn it
all right well you know what we learn we
learn as we go that's how these games
work potions heal you immediately you
can't save them and use them later
that's what we learned I wish I would
have known that later though because I
would have a fight where's my fire oh I
use it my fire huh all right here we go
here we go
I like true-blue uses hey guys true blue
review I was wondering okay what was
your best and worst theater-going
experience listen because of the theater
itself or the people in it and you
agreed with Mike that movie theaters
need to die all right I don't know that
I would go as far as to say they need to
die
but I would say I don't care if they do
hmm hmm as far as best and worst
experiences I can't I can't think of any
one specific terrible experience
specifically but another was some
jackass clapping during infinity war
clearly that's just you just saw a
character you know why are you clapping
oh they literally did this they really
did the thing oh man I'm sorry
apparently they didn't see any of the
trailers dude we knew he was in the
movie I'm just thinking how fucking
embarrassing
sure sure I've I've had some I've been
I've been to some theatres that had some
that had some like really shitty likes
really subpar sound yeah and yeah and
you're just like why am I even paying
for this like when we were doing when we
were down in Houston we went to this
theater you know we had some time to
kill before our flight came back because
we we had booked a later flight but we
needed to be out of the place by a
certain time so we had like hours and
hours to go you know what okay how about
we go see a movie yeah we're down in
Houston so you know we split off Lisa
and the older one went to go see Black
Panther me and the younger one went to
go see Pacific Rim 2 because giant
robots fighting monsters yeah great and
the theater just had its it sounded like
everything was coming out of one tiny
speaker and it was a little crackle you
know I went when the basis it was one of
those and it was a small theater and I
was right under the air-conditioning
vent so I was call this money back it
was just one of those things worth
everything was a little off and she said
just a theater in desperate need of
upgrade now imagine if they serve dinner
and you had the sound of cutlery on
plates throughout the movie oh I made
that mistake with Dark Knight you
accidentally went to a just where I
ended up seeing it the dining thena
thing let's try that I'll go to shop
mistake me say oh yeah thanks were made
yes you have to be really careful with
those theatres
movie was good enough I still enjoyed it
fucks sure but
wait no is that a good thing
oh I probably care that much except time
I didn't know it was a great movie I'd
seen you know Batman Begins and I didn't
think Batman Begins was all that mmm so
ya see the sequel in a diary theater a
good dinner is fine but a shitty viewing
experience
yeah the lights are kind of on and now
right and then like the waitstaff is
walking yeah yeah you know what I
accidentally went to one of those
theaters ones yeah oh really want to
cook Oh this play right here at this
time I'm gonna be in that area great and
you know I went I went to the movie and
yeah I like oh oh shit cutlery in the
white Kennett anything I can get for you
i watch your fucking movies right but is
there anything I can get for you need
anything
hey you shut the fuck up
what was that
right ho Jeeves says riched your
performance in the last nerd crew was
impressive I don't know how you managed
so convinced we play a man forced by
financial desperation to host a video
game livestream we're answering stupid
pop culture question from fans well done
yeah I didn't I didn't have to reach
very far for that one so what's our next
tip rich anonymous says what do you
think makes for a good trailer I always
hate it when they give away the entire
movie movies like Dark City and the fall
had great trailers that didn't tell
anything about the movie while still
making me want to see them I'm almost
worried about spoilers probably than the
average person I'm more worried about
the execution of the spoilers explain oh
if I if I hear like the ending of such
and such I don't I don't care I don't go
out of my way to avoid spoilers more
often than not oh really yeah that's
interesting you don't go out of your way
to avoid spoilers yeah oh I do I do
sometimes I've even looked them up
really yeah like before you go see a
movie
I'm not necessarily like oh I'm going to
see the movie tonight why did I say that
like this is sue the sessions such a
movie I might see it someday and they
read up on it ok and I don't I just
don't care if I read the spoilers sure
sure
cheesing very cheesing very cheesing
I'm gonna get better at reading attacks
probably gonna die but that's okay
yeah I don't want another fight right
now basically even if I know what
happened in a movie yeah as long as the
execution is good in the movie I in the
movie I will enjoy it still that's fair
you know that's really fair in this