Episode 095
Gee Wizard (pt 2)
May 18, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPEYHzU3GbA
________________________________________

really Farage this so has to be made by
the people who did hyper light drifter
has nobody googled this yet the I mean
the dashing feels very nice
I want a very badly want a shop because
I could sure use one of them potions
right now
fuck not not the same dibs they're
saying not the same des
it's totally inspired by Jesus Christ
she's like I I saw this was coming out
you know every once in a while we are on
this we somehow a prereq at red letter
media calm has made its way on to emails
email lists where I just get a shit ton
of emails about what games are coming
out oh yeah he pressed Kitts and blah
blah let us know if you want you know
the keys you know for streaming well
okay oh yeah we're like we're just on a
d-list which is great and so you know I
saw this came ha I was like oh this
looks right up my alley bro you know
rogue like a little run and gun action
orientated how long we're looking at I
went to steam saw the trailer oh yeah Oh
added it to my wish list for when it
came out cuz then I get a little email
when it comes out and then it came out
just a couple days ago and I got an
email going here's your key for a wizard
of legend because you are a Kickstarter
backer of it was like what somehow I to
this on Kickstarter and completely
fucking forgot about it cuz you back so
many things on Kickstarter sorry yeah
I'm sorry you should be you should be
started yes chat they cancelled the
expanse did you hear about that I know
you're a big fan of the expanse I did
hear about that and like here's the
thing it's upsetting because I'm a fan
of the experience it also makes total
sense because I'm sure it's a very
expensive show are you left on a big
cliffhanger the seasons not over yet
okay but so this is the last season
they're gonna finish out the season
which is nice this is why I wait to
shit's done I start watching oh I like I
hope that I hope if I like Brooklyn
nine-nine also got canceled by Fox but
then two days later NBC says we got you
we got your Brooklyn nine-nine
and so now everyone's waiting on who's
gonna pick up the expands like come on
come on come on pick it up Netflix
Netflix you want the experience Amazon
is that a Sorcerer's Apprentice
reference what the broom
Oh possibly yeah hopefully somebody
wants it because I I love the experience
that's why shit gets cancelled which
Touche oh because you shame because no
one's watching it they're all waiting
you know there's just not a lot of
there's not a lot of room but I I really
I hope someone picks it up and I'm sure
it's an expensive show to produce I'm
sure it's very very expensive but more
more serious need to be like stranger
things the season is self-contained and
has an ending well this is based off of
a series of books yeah and so you know
it has an ending in the series of books
but and and really I think that kind of
binge worthy TV is a more is it is a
better way to adapt a book series I wish
that more book series would turn
themselves into into miniseries instead
of trying to make a movie out of the
book because you know try to shove an
entire book into a two-hour movie and
you're almost always going to be
disappointed but you take that same book
and you know give it 12 episodes and you
can have something really fucking
amazing and so I'm hoping Amazon or
Netflix or one of them picks it up
because gosh dang it I do like that
expanse oh yeah oh yeah I don't have
enough for you seekers
he was shot I afford anything else so I
can afford you okay
buying some new stuff I want those those
earth fists those were awesome
I am met white says hey Jacob rich that
white speaking of piracy piracy what's
your stance on region coating me
personally I hate it because I'm forced
to illegally watch foreign movies I love
I know I just don't get it what's the
reason for it I'm with you I don't get a
veer okay but I'm sure there's a reason
for it
it probably has something to do with
like the rights that where they have to
broadcast hang the right the right
holders wants more money if you're gonna
do it worldwide versus if you only do it
north probably right it's it that
probably breaks down to some sort of
bullshit so by the way expanding on the
gray area yeah go ahead region coating
is the stupidest thing like that that is
only someone trying to make more money
then then they're already making okay
region coding is dumb and I and I'm with
you like you get yourself a nice a nice
VPN service that can mask your IP and
you can watch stuff from all over the
place yeah you go forward you go for it
Alex Marr says this girl and I like each
other confirmed
we almost dated three years ago she went
with another guy they broke up six
months ago we've held hands and stuff
but when I asked her out
she said not now we're going on a road
trip alone next month what do I do
nothing this sounds like a crazy
relationship that's doomed to failure
this sounds like a one-sided
relationship like you think there's a
relationship but she doesn't think
there's a relationship so give it up in
like I I might consider not going on the
road trip if you if you can't handle it
like if you go in being like I'm gonna
go on a road trip with my friend who I'm
definitely never going to date yeah then
fine but if you keep expecting there to
be a relationship where there's no
relation yes that's on you you have
any expectation of having a relationship
yeah oh that's neat
I mean charity rejected you once get on
a dude this only ends with you looking
like a creeper kind of yeah as soon as
you give up she'll fall in love with you
yeah but that's not the kind of person
you want to be with in the first place
that's the other thing if you have
someone who's hot and coaches yeah give
it give it man give it right up nice
pretty happy with this build other fish
in the sea etc etc exactly yeah we
establish a minimum - I know I know our
line for reading them was was $2.00 this
first tip $2 twice
I'm gonna read at least one of his tips
twice but I'd like it if we could just
set a minimum and I wouldn't have I
don't have to feel like I'm rejecting
somebody because they didn't tip enough
I thought we did have a minimum but and
the reason I want to do this so I don't
get like 8,000 25 cent tips then I got
to read yeah give me one moment I will
tell you for sure whether we're good
let's try get this it up for now I'm
gonna read your tip though because you
seem like a cool dude
Vaughn VA L&N; Vaughn
yes just a random question that might
bring some interesting interesting
discussion to the table if you guys
weren't content creators what do you
think you would likely be doing now rich
as a construction worker building things
Jack as a homeless drunk friendly
homeless drunk but weren't working a
dead-end job didn't like
I don't know if I'd be a homeless drunk
like I always had jobs before I was a
console I mean I still let by the way I
have a job like I know like I know so
what I would probably doing is like
doing way more commercial work and none
of this stuff I was I would still be
doing my all of my video production work
I just wouldn't be doing it in front of
a live audience as we are now in like
let's say I wasn't doing anything video
anything yeah oh yeah then I could then
it could be anything like might still be
a butcher you know no because I gave
that I that was pretty soul sucking I
was working my way up though which would
be building his whole own home I wasn't
in construction that long and I wasn't
in like that kind of carpentry anyway
yeah I was a fire sprinkler fitter
briefly for a couple years and then the
economy collapsed right and that that
like died a very painful death yeah
let's see where was my where was my path
taking me where was my path taking me
before I decided to make the plunge into
full-time video production yeah I'd
probably some sort of like low-level
manager at some job that had security
but didn't necessarily pay very well
that's probably where that's where I was
that was the path that I was on I was
man I was managing storage sheds no and
so like a lot of my day was just walking
around making sure no one broke into the
storage sheds it was an easy job
it was a very easy job
that said I would have loved to have
built my own house that's always a dream
of mine to build your own life I would
love to be a master carpenter really I
would love to have built my own house
interesting I built my own computer I'd
say so much pride in that mm-hmm my
house I'm like order-of-magnitude were
pride this is mine where I live yeah
yeah that's interesting I feeI do I feel
the entirely exact opposite I would love
to like I'd love to have I'd love to
design my own house yeah like have input
and then give it to people who knew what
they were doing hey I'd love to know
what I was doing sure sure sure there's
like a years-long project that I would
probably regret at times but ultimately
be so glad I did it right right people
you know always think I'm so cynical
here there's the thing there's the hard
phone that is that's great so so if you
could if you know if you could make that
one decision back in the past it's like
hey become a master carpenter Wow
interesting all right I like it I like
it rich now quick say something shitty
and cynical or else
see that's not gonna believe in you
anymore
witches house that only has one bedroom
how many do you need you having
relationship problems what's that I was
reading about it was like an MPR thing
on something like 30% of all married
couples either sleep in separate beds or
separate bedrooms
yeah that's insane to me that's
absolutely insane to me
are you no one that makes a lot of sense
working different hours sure that would
make sense there's reasons for this that
aren't necessarily there are problems in
the relationship I suppose I've lived
through this one you know I've I've had
to start work at like 5:00 a.m. and she
would start it like 4:00 p.m. you know
sure sure crawl in bed when she's trying
to get her sleep right right okay all
right live live that you know what rich
that's it that's a straight up to shame
I'm gonna give that a straight up to
shame
build a room just for just for having a
nice pool table in there a lot of room
sure overhead lighting the spa it's a
nice entertaining area like like a
little like a little bar you know TV
just yeah something like that hey you
want to go to the rec room you know oh
man I'd love that yeah that'd be nice my
windows would all be my major windows
that I'll be fucking north and south oh
okay I don't want I can't stand that
fucking fucking evening Sun right my
fucking eyes and I'm trying to do
something else
sure son right there no all of my
windows are any fucking North itself I
love it
I love it you know what I'd love
speaking of like a dream home building
yeah it's it's something I look into
every once in a while I would love to
find a way and it's it's something I
could never do living in the city I'd
love to find a way to get off the
electrical grid like solar panels
haven't let me part of my dream house
I'd have those solar panels geothermal
like a little windmill just like
something and you know like the big like
the Tesla battery the Elon Musk home
battery and you're just like like
fucking I don't want I don't want We
Energies to be part of my life anymore
probably I need some well you need I
think you need to be hooked up no matter
what but like I don't want to give them
any money I'm soul is probably not gonna
cut all your needs no no this is what
I'm saying there's a pipe dream but
that's that's the dream of me I'd love
to get off the grid but it'll just never
happen because I also really like living
in a city
geothermal do you want to live on top of
a volcano yeah we see how good that's
going for for some people not know
geothermal you stick a like I you stick
a pipe way down and grind the ground
that you need to take a big fucking home
that's it that's all that's the whole
thing I know I know the name okay they
said that's a way people get energy like
that whole in Russia that whole and run
it so gonna experiment thing they did
they just keep digging and digging to
dig and intervention she's got too hot
for them to dig any further
sure wait how much does the health
potion how much do you think a healing
potion heals you all some most hello
I've played this game 0%
fuck
what should he use that healing potion
yeah you probably should have I'll go
back in these and I was like click this
guy's they asked me oh yeah well now you
see now if it does fill me up all the
way I'll get my money's worth
that's what I was worried about just get
my money's worth so he the champ wants
to know if we're gonna stream Wars
although they've never seen us do the
castle fight calamity Ganon we good a
lot of people say we're doing too much a
Zelda as it is I mean I love that's the
feedback we're getting and and I've
finally hit my my I'm good with Zelda
moment I do have the motorcycle but I
have not defeated Ganon this run I did I
spent a lot of time poking around that
castle just find it on the treasure
doing all the shit but I have not
defeated beginning so we could but I
also agree that we've been doing a lot
of Zelda yes but now you're playing too
much wizard of legend about how you feel
about this I like it I dig it
I'm getting I'm getting very strong
Gunjan vibes some gungeon not hyper
light drifter well I mean a hyper I'm a
mechanic over look okay so yeah I mean
obviously it's very hyper light drifter
and movement and stuff but as far as
roguelikes it's more gungeon than it is
say Isaac where you know you can you
choose from different spells and they
don't necessarily stack like that yeah
like they do in some of the more fun Oh
some of the roguelike said that I've
become obsessed with but it's good not
saying it's bad it's it's good the
movements tight and
get out
they even have the the beam dodging this
is so hyper light drifter but I don't
believe this is a different developer it
is believe it or by the way don't that's
just something someone in chat said so
they could be lying so I guess you don't
have to believe it
maybe shit oh shit I was gonna move the
microwave a coffin by the way chat house
our house our green screen is everything
crammed Ulan
great great solid fucking fine excellent
fucking fantastic great hyper Crom Yulin
high slick as goose shit holy shit green
screen is on point
nice nice by the way this was a twelve
dollar investment you know in a big Oh
in a big a slight that could go behind
us green screen sucks jackass
what a dickhead how do we do it there's
just a big fluorescent light behind us
well it's it's like a fluorescent tube
with LEDs inside that I've propped up on
a long Amazon box because I just today
in fact I got an order of a really long
thing for those who follow me on Twitter
my my my grid sheets for for my campaign
came today which is a really long box
and so I just propped it up on a really
long box and moved the chair and the
couch a little closer to the TV and so
now there's a really strong light on the
green screen that won't change when the
TV changes like sale I don't want any
shit I think I understand how the game
works so you get coins to spend here and
gems to spend outside so rich yeah
people chat yeah have been asking me ask
us a lot actually something that comes
up a lot in chat for newcomers is wet
and Chad the Chad talks to us and what a
Chad phrase be Chad there are another
down there down there and we're down
there the chat the chat often asks us
whether or not you and I have any
experience playing Dungeons & Dragons
No and right the answer is no yeah and I
go I have my little sigh I tried to get
in one of years ago but they were all
meanieheads they were big doodoo brains
but you know they asked a lot and and I
started kind of looking into it like it
maybe maybe well I think this is a game
I would really enjoy Dungeons and
Dragons make your own it's all the
already farty bullshit I love make my
own adventure right yeah anything I want
to come up with then the Dungeon Master
has to go along with it and find a rule
roll some dice I agree I was I was at a
used bookstore like a week and a half
ago yeah with the children getting some
books uh and they just so happen to have
a player's guide in a dungeon master
guide for decent prices cuz like new
these are like 50 $60 books but you know
if I don't feel like 20 bucks I'll pick
them up maybe maybe one day I'll start
leafing through yeah and you know start
picking it up I play many many board
games yeah I play many many video games
this is by far the worst instruction
manual I have ever come across these
Dungeons & Dragons books right and you
know I wasn't really getting weird but I
wasn't really trying and then all of a
sudden my kids got a hold of the book
and they you know like it has so many
like pictures and awesome armor and
they're like what is this so so like
they're just like dragons and fighting
and oh my god was it so I explained the
basic concept so what you're telling me
is that your son is going to be your
Dungeon Master
I'm the dungeon master what I'm telling
you is that I've been busting my ass for
a week and a half trying to understand
how to play Dungeons & Dragons and I
wrote my first campaign oh my god and we
are playing me and the kids and the wife
are playing our first game of AMD
tomorrow night and I'm it is the most
difficult game I have ever learned it is
so fucking complicated all of the all of
the little things I have before the age
of Google and YouTube I don't
anyone learned how to play this game
I'll be honest with you dddd advanced
first edition 18th edition it's the the
the latest edition is 5th edition which
everyone says is the best edition ok and
so we're using 5th edition rules
is there a starter edition what there is
is a a beginners box ok that has in it a
premade campaign yeah
and a very simplified rulebook where
where you get premade characters in a
premade campaign to go through it and
that that's like 25 30 bucks yeah and
that just kind of teaches you the basics
but like I said I found these books at a
used store and I was like I can figure
it out then you end up buying what are
the beginners kits no no no I ended up
just binge watching every YouTube video
I could and like I was watching other
people's campaign like corridor digital
is a is a YouTube channel I watch a lot
they they do like video production and
special like special effects heavy video
shorts and they had a gaming channel
while back where they went through an
entire D&D; campaign okay so stop
watching that got some ideas and then I
would start to write out my campaign my
dungeon right and so then I'd be like oh
well shit what happens here so then I'd
have to Google like how do how do
enemies attack in being like you know
just everything how do you do anything
right and because YouTube is the most
glorious thing in the world there are a
hundred specific videos of someone being
like here's exactly how to handle enemy
encounters and DMD is oh it's beautiful
it's absolutely beautiful the amount of
things on the Internet to help you with
your quests to learn
Dungeons & Dragons
gateway to Satanism Jack it is
absolutely the gateway to Zam yeah just
ask Tom Hanks wait thanks he wasn't one
of those satanic panic D&D; movies was he
I think so oh my god I could be
misremembering this but I'm pretty sure
he was in one of those dungeons and
dragons lead to evil movies interesting
maybe the movie or another made more
than one of these genre so I'm almost
done like I've written my first campaign
but you know my kids we it took us by
the way for anyone who's into D&D; we'll
get a good laugh out of this called
mazes and monsters the time Hanks won
mazes and monsters mazes and monsters
that was a real satanic panic there's
one of the first things he did oh sure
this was an established Tom Hanks Turing
and something mains right this wasn't
Tom Hanks tars this wasn't Tom Hanks too
long in fact it was Tom Hanks tizen not
when they made it mazes and mutt now I
want to see it now I want to see it
so in any case we it took us three full
days to fill out character sheets this
seems excessive
well it's our it's all of our first time
playing it okay and you know I'm doing
with children and so and so like we just
don't know what all of these numbers
mean and so that that's been the hardest
part is just figuring out what all of
the numbers mean oh we've we've got I'm
pretty I'm almost sure we've got mazes
and monsters in the other room oh really
yeah well then then I got it I'm pretty
sure we have it
fuck tiger I'm sad says yeah you have
more said mom well I can I can go in
later but going to Nathan I aren't it
says have you if you have either of you
read Patton Oswalt's theory on the
backstory for Heath Ledger's Joker it's
really interesting PS how much more DC
movie suck the Marvel movies I know five
or ten times more yeah yeah sure five or
ten times more you did it Richie do the
thing they wanted yeah I know I have not
heard this Patton Oswald Heath Ledger
Joker is is that the one where patent
patent suggests that Heath that or that
the Joker character is like a is former
military okay and he's using
psychological warfare on everyone which
is why he tells everyone a different
story as far as the origin of his face
with with the gangsters he talks about
his father because if they're gangsters
they most likely have daddy issues with
Rachel he tells a story of a love loss
to play on her sympathies and there's
other things where it's like he's a
trained military officer who becomes a
psychopath okay I believe was that it
nailed it okay great that was it
it works like to as an example he's when
he's hiding out in the core during the
funeral yeah he knows the routine yeah
and that's something only a military
person would okay might know okay he's a
CIA torturer oh yeah yeah so something
like that he has a military background
and he's good with psychological warfare
but I thought that was an interesting
theory Patton's always good he knows
what's up first I'm hearing about yeah
it's interesting
imaginal Trevor says hey Jack and rich
hold on first of all hey I smell mazes
and monsters okay okay
magical Trevor says hey Jack and rich do
either of you get flight jitters what is
the best plane related anecdote you can
share thanks for the stream
I I am convinced I'm going to die every
time I get on an airplane I make sure I
say my good-byes before I get on the
plane hey Karen you know I love you
right
but just what you know I love you
alright goodbye goodbye
and I know I love flying I think flying
is a great way to travel and no I don't
get any flight jitters ever it's I hate
planes I hate flying hate it I don't
know how I deal with it I just have to
right right like I have no good advice
for you but no I love it I don't know if
I have any good like plain anecdotes my
my only my the big story I have I have a
a parenting story about being total
dickheads on a plane is when my oldest
was oh god how old was he I don't even
know if he was walking it like eight so
eight ten months old we took him on a
very long plane ride yeah
and due to a series of circumstances a
series of lucky circumstances actually
we got into first class and so it was it
was Lisa and I on first class with our
810 month old baby at that point and it
was one small plane like you know
Milwaukee I think actually might have
been like Milwaukee to Chicago and then
you know O'Hare or whatever out to some
place far away and our first plane ride
everyone was happy that you know Parker
was you know everybody was happy
everybody was great on our second plane
ride we thought it would be really fun
to have him look out the window and uh
you know our first plane was like in the
morning so everything was dark but he
was having a great time so he looks out
the window and he apparently is old
enough to notice that the earth is
falling away from him and not so old to
understand that he's in an airplane so
he starts whaling
literally uncontrollably for the next
four hours yes yes straight and everyone
is trying to console him ever like
flight attendants are like is it his
ears and we're like it's not as ears you
know like yeah we enter how do you
explained it like all these random
straight and we're in first class
because like I said a series of very
lucky circumstances and to all the
people in first class yep you got a
crying baby we're very very sorry and we
felt like total dickheads sorry I bought
a first-class ticket shit and like I
said I think I think we like like a
family member had points or something
and so we got a free upgrade yeah yeah
yeah you give new parents will give you
the upgrade do something like that
and so the here's the real shit of it is
you know we get we get to the place we
have a great time we go to fly back and
we notice that the people around us are
the exact same people on the plane trip
back yeah and we're like on the way back
though he only wails uncontrollably for
two hours instead of fours okay okay
yeah what are you gonna do what are you
gonna do nothing
the answer is nothing but no real other
anecdotes you know my joke is usually
the best piece of life advice I ever got
was from a flight attendant who said
please make sure that you have yourself
secured before attempting to assist
another which is that's just good life
advice so Logan says rich if you could
make your own Star Trek series what
would be the era setting characters plot
etc you would shoosh that's a whole lot
richer I haven't thought about making my
own Star Trek theories I just enjoy the
Star Trek that's out there I rich I'd be
worried about you producing a Star Trek
series because I think you have very
little experience producing a television
show or writing a television show and so
I'd be really suspect how about this how
about we just do Voyager right oh yeah
what did you wipe that slate clean yeah
scratch what the concept fuck yeah rich
I'm ready let's do it I love that idea
take the things that worked and then
we'll get rid of 99% of everything else
yep
Jack do you have any thoughts on this I
know I love it I'm with you I I call
associate producer
I think that's a brilliant idea just do
voyage you're right I'm down
Garnica says hey Jack and rich hi I have
watched Cooper kine and the show was
great question is there be a half in the
bag episode including the 1984 Karate
Kid I haven't watched the original
chronic in and did it age well I'm
crossing my fingers hmm I wouldn't plan
on seeing it in half of the bag or a
review or anything I don't I don't have
especially strong thoughts on the
original karate thing yeah I did rewatch
it because of Cobra Kai sure that's a
little bit cheesier and I remembered but
still good movie well yeah yeah of
course it's cheesy it's the Karate Kid I
don't notice it it's cheesy when you're
a fucking Tendo that's younger now and
that came out that's true that's true
uh you know what true dentin Karate Kid
all those Karate Kid movies was it the
second one where he went to Japan yes
and what was the third one I never saw
the third one the third one is when he's
back home and actually starts taking
lessons from the sensei at Cobra see I
know that because like I you know I said
I don't mind
spoiling things yeah I just looked at
the Wikipedia page for 30 for credit kid
3 that's like the other day or two ago
or whatever whatever's one else watching
Cobra Kai yeah I don't want to watch
credit Kid 3 and what happened in it
yeah lessons from the evil guy the evil
Sun sigh from the first movie he comes
back and wants revenge
it sounds ultra cheesy I did love that
speaking of Cobra Kai one of my favorite
scenes I think it's in the second
episode it's in the Danny Russo episode
yeah is when his daughter's boyfriend
comes over for the first time and he is
like as The Karate Kid would be just
super into Asian tradition and Asian
culture and he shares with the kid his
love of you know sushi me and like the
special a knife and Okinawa Oh oh my god
like like this is something that's
really important culture so that's
really important to me because of you
know my father figure and blah blah and
then the kid was just like I don't
really like sushi yeah yeah I was like
oh I feel you I feel you Danny Russo I
loved it yeah it's like it's a lot of
cute stuff in there in Cobra Kai I'll
probably watch more I will probably
watch more yes Karate Kid 2 started
right after the first movie to the point
where I thought the beginning of the
Karate Kid 2 is actually on the ending
to the Karate Kid Part 1 oh the the
opening of The Karate Kid 2 is mm-hmm
it's immediately after the victory
oh yeah like outside in the parking lot
I don't remember I don't remember
specifics
it's the it's the famous scene where mr.
Miyagi beeps the evil sensei's nose oh
that's - that's - that's not the end of
why I was thinking that was the end of
one yeah just the beginning of - oh
interesting my memory had blurred the
two movies well of course I'll fuck you
game fuck fuck I'm dead I'm dead I'm
dead the opening scenes and the
conferred confrontation in the parking
lot with crease were in the script for
the Karate Kid 1984 according cinnamon
but contrary to urban legend never
filmed they were shot specifically for
part two but they were in the script for
one I find that interesting
honestly it should have been in one
because the whole bit was that since I
was the real evil he was the real jerk
yeah the bad he was the real bad guy and
he never got his comeuppance until the
beginning of the second movie right
what are my thoughts on the Hilary Swank
next Karate Kid movie I never saw that
and I never saw the drop link on his
name the Jaden Smith no the other kung
fu guy master what's his freakin name
Jackie Chan Jackie Chan I never saw the
Jackie Chan one either Jackie Chan Jaden
Smith right yeah yeah you know what I
never saw that one either though I heard
good things about it
I have no idea if it's good or bad
I heard decent things about it but never
thought just cuz I didn't care at that
point
yeah are you okay did you get died
it's a fucking hard game it's called
Karate Kid and Jackie Chan is a kung fu
master
hey hey yeah Jackie Chan is from Hong
Kong
why the fuck would he know Japanese
karate I don't know maybe maybe the same
way in Italian denning the ruse would
learn karate right somebody somebody
taught him what a bunch of dummies
maybe somebody taught him fucking hell
fucking hell you people can't know
karate he's from Japan he can't know
karate can't right now to tell you
people what's in it what's with you okay
it doesn't learn fucking karate in the
movie no shit he teaches the other kid
somebody else taught him no they say the
batter worries from I think in the movie
that teach kungfu is that is the joke
but is it I think I think that's what
they're saying is in the movie they're
actually learning kung fu even though
it's called the karate kid that's that's
my that's what I'm picking up through
context clues oh okay I think I think
you're context clues are written on the
wrong cue cards I don't like it's very
possible jack is right oh my god my
context clues are on point oh my god
well I am I am shocked and confused
that that I'm correct answer
on your back there's a reason I supposed
to be called the kungfu kid
it's an interesting name a bad name
somehow kungfu kid sounds really bad but
karate kid does not why is that Flo
Karate Kid sound good Crotty kid yeah
kung fu kid it sounds slightly better
hmm plus you're used to hearing it for
the last 35 years there we go
that's that's the real that's the real
no diggity
I'll pocket deathtraps is hey Jack hi
did you see Jenny Nicholson's review of
infinity war her constantly comparing it
to Twilight Zone episodes just made it
seem like she's trying to copy Mike with
Star Trek um have no idea what this is I
think I saw this I think I saw that no I
that was all to set up an end bit where
she did she did a whole Twilight Zone
that was a bit that was like set up and
payoff bits I think I had that on in the
background at some point I do enjoy
Jenny Nicholson I think she's very funny
but I mean if what you're saying is no
one can reference anything because
referencing things is exclusive to Mike
is that is that what you're going for
there it's like people freaking out and
we do a movie that was on Mystery
Science Theater you can't do that that
Mystery Science Theater already did that
so guess what that's how it works man
but no I think I saw that video I know
what John you're talking about and she
kept she kept on saying like oh this in
infinity war was kind of like this
Twilight Zone episode this and then at
the end she had like a big Twilight Zone
episode zinger thingy come and so no I'm
gonna say that's different how about
that is it really different I don't know
somebody says rich since you like big
robots and from software do you know
their old armored Corps series not as
slow as MechWarrior not as fast as zone
of the enders but it does have
borderline pointless customization down
to adding weights to affect balance and
thus handling oh I I don't have much
experience with the games I think I
rented one of them once MechWarrior I
armoured Corp oo Armored Core so I I'm
just sorry I just I don't have much to
add to that
like that's not negative or positive I
just I have I have no experience we're
talking about with the series so yeah
farmer pips says for Rich's rec room
what classic arcade machine or pin
pac-man or pinball would he have in it
my pick would either be the six-person
x-men arcade Doctor Who pinball Cheers
the classic pac-man the classic do you
guys know rich he's a pac-man nut
pac-man nut the six-person x-men arcade
cabinet for me would be fantastic yeah
though that is so big you would have to
literally build a house around it like
that it's it's just it's a six-person
arcade cabinet it's giant and ridiculous
but I played that a lot in my local
arcade I'd love that
no not miss pac-man miss pac-man has
shitty mazes I mean it's nice that there
are different mazes but their shitty
mazes you can tell the difference yes
miss Pakman has those long ass quarters
that are easy to get trapped in so you
lose a life so you have to add in
another quarter because you die sure
sure Galaga would be another good choice
Galaga yep
don't Kayla go you know like ain't
nothing wrong with a little classic
Frogger just just something simple never
my jam the Frogger is simple
a pinball machine would be great I think
like I don't play a ton of pinball I'm
no pinball wizard but I do you know like
I'm down with pinball paperboy paperboy
paperboy fun game fun game paperboy
interest I mean I'm with you is what I'm
saying I'm with you but interesting pick
interesting I like paper boy where were
you and I just playing paperboy recently
I might have talked about it
bizarrely recently we're replaying it
though
I don't think so I have a real strong
sense that I was playing paperboy
recently why is that well apparently not
so recently that it's clear in your head
right
recent enough though where like I was
playing paperboy recently
all right great I could say I would not
have fucking Hubert I never got or liked
Qbert yeah I'm with you like I'm not
gonna go as hard to say fuck Qbert but
kind of fuck you I'll say fuck Qbert
I'll go that far fuck Hubert Wow
all right so the secret with this make
them all Phii have a spell that turns
some enemies into friendlies but if you
turn all the enemies into friendlies
they don't fight each other
yeah just turned like like a couple of
them into friendlies that's the that's
the key how about the four player TNT
cabinet that's good
it's a fine game yeah I I would as far
as like you know side-scrolling beat'em
ups go I'd prefer I take x-men any day
over turtles did turtles in time also
have an arcade cabinet release good good
what if you have if you haven't one of
the turtles games your turtles in time
as an arcade cabinets turtle sometime
absolutely I don't know the answer to
that
that's a that's a great question as sick
as I am of Star Wars the Star Wars
arcade cabinet it was pretty fucking
sweet
what did that wireframe flying
first-person flying an x-wing oh yeah
what drew graphics what is what is that
what was that game that you went around
in a circle
torence know where you were like a
tempest tempest oh I fucking The Tempest
oh I'll take the Star Trek the Star Wars
arcade game over tempest oh yeah oh yeah
oh I could play me some tempest wretches
oh no shit I'm old motherfucker tempest
was fucking great I think I remember
playing this star with that Star Wars
game like on an early Macintosh
that's my recommend I don't know if I
ever played that in an arcade fuck it's
the bad guy
Oh
i season
or I see a nun's I sees an unexplored
area
right here
all right never played the arcade
version of punch-out a bit curious to
play that will be this is a great arcade
game oh come on you know it didn't exist
Polybius is an urban legend a fun one
I was a YouTube channel someone did a
really great video on Polybius where he
really went and just tried to track down
the origin of the myth yeah I can't
remember who did it this is real isn't
really good our video that came out a
few months ago not AVGN
ahoy I think I was it was a high
ahoy ya cool
but he would like the earliest mention
was here over here that was published by
this website owned by him let's try and
track him down sure she really went to
try and find the origin I think you
showed me that yeah and in here like we
did a deep dive and just like like
polybius is obviously a myth but who
started it yeah yeah yeah doesn't he I
was talking to you about doing it for
Halloween oblivious yeah but there like
there was just nothing to add to it
after I saw that video and I think that
you know yeah the after you showed me
that a whole video and I was like
there's no way we can add to this joke
let's just let's just point out how
great that video is Libya SIF you don't
knows we're talking about it a lot right
now give the backstory it's an old urban
legend that back back in the 80s oh
there was this arcade cabinet it only
showed up and I forgot where it was like
the Portland area or the Pittsburgh area
some some kind of localized area and the
people who played it they did the game
did things to the brain and then the men
in black came and took all the machines
some got a government mind control
experiment for video games
ah dang it
yeah the original creepypasta your years
before creepypasta was a thing right
yeah and they would collect the data
from the machine that's right yeah some
site a kind of social experiment this
one might be fun this one might pair
well with my rock fists Jack do you
recommend this game uh maybe maybe is
the answer to person and Chad who asked
uh I mean you can kind of see you can
kind of see what it is you know it's
very challenging
I could see giving it 100% of my
concentration
getting decently far in this I'm
probably gonna play it a little bit off
of stream I don't know if it's something
that I can become fully engrossed in
like I'm like with something like a
binding of issac right but I could
definitely see getting a few hours into
this absolutely like if you like this
kind of balls-to-the-wall fast-paced
deep customization game yeah it's pretty
nice so far it's pretty neat I don't
hate it
which I know that's a glowing review I
don't hate it
I feel bad playing it on streams just
because I feel like if I want to talk
about anything I need to stop playing it
which might be a very positive to the
game like it requires your attention
right right I'm like dynasty warriors oh
I could play that once once I get a
Hyrule warriors rich we're gonna have
great conversations
Eliza oh yeah really let's talk
about them complicated mouth yes yes yes
I'll tell you all about my D&D; campaign
it'll be great I made up I'll show you
this I shared this on Twitter but I'll
share this with you rich I got a little
bit I'm getting into it yeah into the
whole D&D; thing into the dungeon master
thing making making my own level so what
I decided was that they are gonna be
playing as a employed treasure hunters
they they're just low-level treasure
hunters right but they get a mysterious
scroll apps no no no that I made this oh
you made that I printed it out oh I
printed it out and you know it has like
yeah I made a little backstory and and
then I crumpled the paper you're gonna
do it oh yeah is that okay I saw and I
crumpled the paper to make it look old
and so that's that's their first clue to
the treasure dorg door
well what's and what else has been great
is you know like a lot of D&D; is just
kind of theater the mind stuff but a lot
of people use miniatures yeah and we
don't have many miniatures but we have a
million and a half Legos right my brain
wet and so the children have been like
they make their guys and Legos we've
been making like Lego treasure chests
and stone golems and stone walls for the
stuff so we're gonna make an entire lego
dungeon and so they've been super as it
like what do you need what do you need
that what's in your story this is taking
over your household it's good oh it's
gonna not just your life but your entire
family's life it's going to ruin an
entire room while we're playing D&D; but
you know they're just they're like dad I
built an ice dragon can we have an ice
dragon in the game and I was like why
the fuck not let's do it let's get him
in there you know people in the chatter
offering you DM pointers DM pointers I
don't do you want advice from people who
do this sure the answer is yes
but here is the downside to that because
I have never played the game and I have
never deemed I might not understand your
advice and so currently it might not
mean anything to me okay and so feel
free to give me a DM advice knowing that
it might not sink in until after I fail
once yeah you know but I'm really that
the kids are about to explode because
we've been waiting for some materials to
come yeah it's so fun I was like okay
Thursday night we can we can start
playing Thursday night it's cute fucking
do you do its that's cute that's what
I'm really excited I'm really excited to
play meanwhile Lisa is thinking this is
great I have the house to myself well
the boys are nerding out I'm resuming
she's going to be joining she's playing
yeah she she is a half-orc barbarian
which we needed to do because both of
the boys picked the older one picked a
magic class which wasn't very strong and
the younger one wanted to be a thief a
sneaky thief who uses a blood dagger to
kill people and I was like yes you're my
kid but neither of them have high
strength points and so it was like Lisa
you got to you got to be someone who's a
bruiser yeah
just to balance the team so we have a
halfling rogue a human druid and a half
orc barbarian who are treasure hunters
and yes I am so fucking excited oh I am
very excited to play Jack can you post
pictures of your lego D&D; models yes as
soon as we get it all on the table I'll
post some more pictures to the to the
D&D; thread this is an adorable story I'm
the the kids are really into it and and
you know just just the idea of like like
you can in the in the game like tell me
what you want to do and they're like
yeah yeah alright alright so you know
they're gonna want to do stupid shit cuz
they're kids right yeah but that's okay
your story expects everyone to go to the
north and they're gonna want to see the
mountains in the southwest but and
that's fine I have to do as a DM I need
to deal with that right I need to be
able to do plan on railroading them
where you want to go are you going to
adapt well my my first the their first
mission is only in a cave okay
so then I did that very purposefully so
we couldn't do anything and so it's like
their their quest is to find the
treasure in the cave and the cave
currently has nine chambers yeah and you
know it's a grid and so like I've just
made some of the chambers interlocking
some have keys some have puzzles some
have traps some have enemies and so like
what I'm working on right now is like
varying but you know for example one of
my rooms is like a large dining hall
right and I put enemies I know they're
coming in from one side and so I put
enemies on the other side and they're
eating and sounds like okay you have an
opportunity to sneak up to him I gave
him some height advantage so they could
get height advantage but then I was like
oh if this is a dining hall we should
really have a kitchen off of it right
then I'm gonna kitchen off of it with
another entrance so if they wanted they
could go through the kitchen but then
there's a gonna be another guy in the
kitchen who's cooking food right so the
guys cooking food so then I was like oh
wait a guy's cooking food another
opportunity to take these guys out is
earlier in the dungeon in one of the
chests is a vial of poison you kids
aren't gonna figure this shit no no of
course I just it's just plain and so
like what if they pick up the vial of
poison and that's if they search the
chest then they could put it in that
they could sneakily put it in the food
and kill all the guys with poison or
attack them it like I'm trying to give
them option oh and there by the way you
know what they're gonna do they're just
gonna run up and hit him with you sauce
I know but I know but I'm putting in the
legwork god damn it I'm trying to give
them as many options as I would want so
we'll see if it works out and you know
Lisa's playing with them so hopefully
she'll be able to like she'll be
intelligent
you know not to say my kids are the kids
you know hey the kids oh yeah they're
gonna be dumb hit him
Pro Austen ceases Jack I'm Jack rich
you're rich wait screen scrolled and I
got away for the slow laptop 200 is
nothing terrible yeah no we're honor
that's our next next that's the next
project that's the next purchase
absolutely
it won't even do anything oh no come on
scroll down a little bit just just a
little bit jack rapture okay enjoy some
money as I ask a few questions that I
will hear the answers to later on
YouTube you get it I'm glad you get it
finals week at my college and I'm about
to be boned first your thoughts on
gamestop rich I assume you're not there
often due to PC master-race that would
be correct it sounds like the sleazy and
horrible they can be there they're
hustling it sounds like I wouldn't want
to work there right thoughts on gamestop
yeah the prices on used games aren't
even that great anymore no I do enjoy
that they they will take my used games
and as someone who buys a lot of games
wouldn't you be better off just selling
on eBay
yeah but this hassle I know it is that's
time and my time is worth more okay I'm
a gaming pak-rat
I have to despise the game before i
partly sure yeah I know and I'm okay
letting stuff you know overall I'm okay
with it like I would much prefer like
you know you can probably get a cheaper
on eBay or Amazon or Walmart or any
other place but I do like that they have
a lot of game stuff I've kind of I'm
ambivalent towards Game Stop if they go
away it's not gonna drastically change
my life
so alright well go away sooner or later
next console generation we're gonna see
the end of physical media mm-hmm I could
see that Xbox tried there were one
generation too early and sony Sony beat
them down for it oh the fans beat them
down for it
fucking hell you people they could have
had something great at the e3 where they
announced the new consoles it's it's
gonna be digital only and it's not gonna
have the same backlash yeah yeah I agree
and then there will be no reason to own
a console
demon except for the exclusives right
except for the console exclusives hmm
did you see that gym quiz Asian episode
on console exclusives no he did he did a
very good episode like recently recently
okay if y'all don't worry I remind you
plug in the gym position okay I figured
quality Jim sterling he's quality
buildings quality yes quality dude did
an episode recently on God of War for
got on the new god of war and how that
is helping make the case for console
exclusives as a big triple-a game kind
of kind of a what it's not a sure thing
they didn't go back to the God of War
formula they they didn't go back to the
old God of War formula they were taking
a bit of a risk with the new god of war
game and many studios might not have
taken the risk had they not had
financial support from Sony and so in
this case it's saying that well because
they have the stability of Sony and the
backing of PlayStation that they could
take a bit of a risk in a big triple-a
game okay and yeah not a not a bad
argument for the console exclusives
though I do agree consoles cruces are
crazy mostly just because I want to play
stuff where it when I want to play stuff
but he makes some valid arguments you
have a game that's that's digital only
on a console chair yeah you really love
it it's your favorite game ever yeah but
you know they're on the duronto that
they've moved down to the next
generation and the store for the old
console they you know the digital stores
closed down ya know they don't do the
ps4 games anymore they're just doing the
PS 5 games they're getting ready for the
PS 6 games
yeah but then your console breaks you
can't download your favorite game ever
again Jack it's gone forever that's a
pasta it's gone forever but you know
it's not because they'll just remaster
cuz they always remake and remaster
everything that's why I like the
physical media
well me maybe maybe was a game that you
really liked it wasn't that popular who
sure she wasn't that popular there's no
there's no remake of it yeah yeah
sometimes that's that's how the cookie
crumbles but I I'm with you I understand
I understand what you're saying I'm
picking up what you're putting down III
like having a hard copy I'm not even
that big on Steam as everyone knows I
mean I like that you get games cheap and
you know easy be easy to find good sales
on PC because it steam but it is just a
DRM leasing service and your your kind
of ads steams mercy which is why it's
gonna suck when Gabe Newell leaves or
dies yes GOG gog.com baby that's where
you got to go
what is what is your deal pinata
that's what emulators are for rich oh I
agree I'm hardly anti emulation riches
lands for emulation right super for it
what is that too
well that's neat
I'm gonna figure out that pinata saying
that's the same as physical the physical
copy is just the license to play the
game no servers or no longer supported
DRM that disk is just as useless as a
cupholder here's here's the thing though
and PC you might be able to find a way
to back up your own damn files sometimes
yeah like I have I have a whole set
might my Steam games for the most part
on their own separate hard drive okay
I've I've tested this out I can just
plug and play that thing onto a
different computer and it recognizes
those games without having to be
redownload uh-huh okay so in theory I
can have a backup copy and every one of
my Steam games at least as far as the
media is concerned some of those games
like the phone home that's a whole
different issue right the the online DRM
yeah the the purchase verification yeah
yeah I'm with you but at the very least
I am able to make backups of the actual
game content right right well that's you
know that is a very nice feature of
something like GOG yeah they do they
just offer that right out of the guy
load the executable you don't have to
worry about phoning home to the server
to play the game you've erm free free
yeah that's why I always do gog when the
option is available play it if you got
play it if you got it that's free slogan
you're welcome to yo G in fact there's
shit I'm gonna buy again when and if it
ever comes out on GOG you're gonna
repurchase that the first the first
second I can yeah like what like if doom
were to ever come out like the new doom
word everyone here 2016 doom I'm
immediately buying it really so I got a
dear drm-free copy in my back pocket hmm
alright that's good to know interesting
and I'll figure you out weird to pay for
it again but I like supporting GOG
absolutely the second I can find it a
fucking drm-free copy of X comma and
XCOM to the new ones
yeah of goj that ever shows up on GOG my
I'm buying it immediately those some big
those are some big titles you're talking
about yeah
I'm with you they're rich and you know
what more like more so like if your III
I have to beat him quickly I get him
even beyond the whole DRM thing thing
with GOG we we need to in our online
marketplaces encourage competition steam
has such a fucking grasp we're like you
said if it weren't for Gabe and his team
yes they could be evil need to be very
evil if they wanted they have the
infrastructure to be very evil they got
the corner and they got the invention
infrastructure so we need to encourage
more competition in online marketplace
video games they don't you know what
we're getting there like people are home
brewing and home selling their own stuff
we got Humble Bundle who's giving
downloads now we got we got GOG we got
four smaller games we got H Donahoe
there there are options but we could use
a couple more big domes yeah
I know what your three released on GOG
but doesn't CD Projekt RED don't they
own GOG yeah yeah so that's not shocking
right oh yeah they're gonna they're
definitely gonna release on their own
shit fuck fuck fuck