Episode 096
Gee Wizard (pt 3)
May 20, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6kP-qdOh20
______________________________________

throw Austin see also ass what do you
think / know about video game addiction
you may scoff but students all around me
drop out of college and damaged their
lives due to seriously not being able to
put the controller down I've dealt with
as well still safer than meth no I don't
I don't have much experience with
somebody who is addicted to games I mean
you know that's that's just any you can
addiction like like I play like you know
I play a lot of games but if I have to
go to work I'm gonna put down the
controller and go to work yeah yeah the
I think these are people who if video
games didn't exist would be addicted to
something else
I can't even even met somebody like this
so you've never met someone who just
can't do anything but gaming who I would
say is a gaming addict no well and
here's why you've never met them they're
inside gaming is they're not outside
meeting new people you're the only other
person I know who is in the game there's
a gamer
yeah damn well that's true but I'm also
not addicted to game so I go out and do
new things which is why you know me I I
have known some people who have dropped
out of my social circles who spend a lot
of time gaming really not necessary not
saying that that's why but what I can
say is as soon as we stopped seeing them
their gaming time because you know we're
still like friends with them online went
way up and so like maybe a little gaming
addiction maybe a little social anxiety
maybe a bunch of things but I do know of
some people and like I said these are
people who would have been addicted to
something else cuz addiction isn't about
the thing it's about the addiction but I
I'm not an expert impaction yeah alright
I think it can be a problem okay
apparently it's a big problem like South
Korea
have you heard those stories of people
who go to like gaming cafes and then
don't 30 actually have heard the same
World of Warcraft or something yeah yeah
or like dota and they like they have to
be carted away in an ambulance because
their legs you no longer work and you're
like what the heck is wrong with you
that's the famous case the old famous
one then that kid who had a heart attack
playing berserk in the arcade but that's
the thing that's an urban legend I don't
know if it's actually true but hey yeah
it can be tough it can be tough I think
even even all of beyond addiction III
think we're going to have a we're gonna
have a creative problem in a few years
you think what I mean not you and me
okay III think there there will be a
generation that is lacking in some
creative fields because there is too
much now that can take up their time
there's so much television there's so
many video games there's so many things
to do and those kids in the 50s or
spending all their time playing you know
marbles they're not gonna be able to do
anything they get older they're just
models marbles marbles what they had
marbles and they had a hoop they're
going on hula hoop bikes
I'm works works not gonna get done
anymore in societies gonna collapse in
that that rock and roll music here's
what I'm worried about rock and/or roll
it's one it's the devil's music and you
know that have you seen him shaking his
hips he's enticing those young ladies
here's okay here's here's what I'm
worried about
I think there is nothing more important
to the creative mind than boredom okay I
think when you are bored as a creative
person it pushes you to do something
exciting and weird and dumb right and I
think we have reached a point where
there is no there's very little ways to
be bored there is so much to take up
your time there are so many things to
take up your time
and then these kids aren't gonna be
bored and so they're never going to do
something dumb
Jack yeah if we've created a society
where we are never bored yeah and all of
our needs are always met well those are
two different things just kind of one at
that point now those are two different
things you got to be bored man being
bored okay when people's needs aren't
being met yeah they're going to need to
go out and be creative no we're like if
your needs are that's not true at all
being bored and having your needs met
are two very different things
Jack you don't you don't think when they
have to go get a nine-to-five job
they're not gonna be bored during that
job the final way to sneaking is some
game playing in the jaw you know they
will they'll sneak it in I guess you
know it's not like a huge concern of
mine but like it sits somewhere like at
least with with like my own children I
do I definitely like make sure to be
like you just know no TV no video games
no nothing just be bored and entertain
yourselves for a little bit figure out
figure out how to just play with your
toys
but that that is very possibly just old
man Jack rantin so try not to read too
much into that sometimes my old man this
comes out more that's fun I know I don't
know that I agree with you I'm leaning
towards old man jack but all right you
know what I'll take it
I'll take old man Jack their kids
nowadays the kids rich playing video
games one there on my lawn he says well
he's playing video games those kids I
just play those video games all day my
favorite line is my favorite line is
when I tell my kids they can't play
video games while I'm currently playing
a video game and they do they point that
out as it is this is for work I'm
working is what you say it's good to be
the adult it's good as I'm working here
kids like they're like can we do this
for work and I was like yeah sure
do it then I won't hassle you none
as I'm here playing video games yeah
what are you gonna do
Tomic mousetrap says fifth edition' is
the easiest addition of the game to
learn so you chose well great without
having to teach you the game three days
is pretty good I hope your family enjoys
it yeah me too me too I I hope we get a
kick out of it I I feel like at this
point like I said I've been I've been
like hardcore studying the books for
like the past six days or so mhm
watching youtube videos watching other
people play campaigns just so it's like
oh wait he just rolled a die there but
he didn't tell me why he rolled to die
but I definitely said like he rolled and
that number meant something okay what
does it mean when you know like Google
like the situation and then I find like
a reddit thread about like these
specific rules oh okay that's that's why
he rolled the dice okay great
so I think I have a basic understanding
of the rules and yeah hopefully I don't
fuck up too bad how do we decide what
game to stream it's literally just
alright you feel like anything what do
you feel like yeah literally that and if
we have a strong feeling you know the
other person says okay or maybe not I
don't think that's a good idea because
right usually usually it's like today I
had I had I want to say I brought rich
for options yeah one got him eliminated
immediately I didn't remember what it
was but I remember imitating and
immediately the that's I got us a Lambo
that wasn't the one that got eliminated
immediately was it yeah him because I
was considering that oh okay the one
what's the what do you suggest
it was the oh you know it was this a
descenders for the record we didn't do
lab oh because we we have to figure out
how to stream that because the actual
switch has to be in the cardboard and we
need so we can't have you guys see
what's on the switch because I word
board and and so we actually need more
camp so that that wasn't me killing that
I would have been fine with it honestly
but it was it was a technical issue
there was a game called descenders which
is a downhill mountain biking game
and I did admit freely that we probably
wouldn't get very much okay I was
thinking I was thinking the next not the
next three I was thinking that's prereq
options you gave me oh sure the one I
shot down we've already talked about the
today Hyrule warriors oh yeah because I
don't I don't want to mindlessly play a
fucking Dynasty Warriors game unless you
want to talk me into it Jack unless you
want to talk me into it it seems like
you really want to play that well I I
guess what I'm saying is I'm gonna play
it no matter what
uh-huh so if we wanted to do an episode
about it that's just the two birds one
stone my my only pitch for you is while
on the surface it does look like you are
mindlessly mowing down enemies and I
suppose on a certain level you are
mindlessly mowing down enemies there is
a greater gameplay element in there
mm-hmm
there's there's bases too free there's
people to help there's there's branching
storylines depending on which area you
help first there's weapon unlocks
there's move unlocks there's leveling up
there's a lot to the dynasty warrior
games besides just the mowing down she
wears the chat what they wanna see us do
revealed next Hyrule warriors rebel
warriors Detroit becomes human the trek
becomes human or battle to battle Tech
right those are your three options chat
that's what I gave to dad
hey Chad that's what I gave to rich what
would you like to see reviewed next for
a full sit-down review for full sit-down
review trade becomes human Hyrule
warriors or battle tech and obviously we
need to do this in a more organized way
I'm seeing more detroit's that I'm
comfortable as a lot of battle tanks
honestly I think battle tech is winning
Jack well I think they want to see you
play that that's true and so they know
by doing an episode you'll have to play
it we do both fuck it we could
oh that no all right I'm seeing a lot
more Detroit's no like oh but you you
already said Detroit is a good first
four hours of oh yeah so we are we just
taking that off the table I think so cuz
I think all right Battletech you're Rob
battle tank or Hyrule warriors yeah cuz
we'll do it first four hours of Detroit
because I'm guessing we kind of already
know what that game is gonna be though
I've never played a David cage game so I
really don't know
Green I already got that we have Thomas
sort of it what are they thinking I
think battle talk is one honestly
Michael tranq it this shitty computer to
open up the straw poll nope it's
processing the straw poll we've been
opening the straw poll for the last like
minute that's kind of ours
results as soon this takes my life I
don't want to do that sure well you have
to vote so obviously you're gonna vote
battle tank no I wants me to verify the
thing that's not popping up on the
stream the are you a human oh wait is
that this laptop someone in chat is just
gonna have to tell us someone we trust
who started the home who started the
straw poll was a beefcake
Oh God Oh God this is the world's worst
laptop
dang it
Just Dance one hit point fuck you
oh did I do it hit it with one hit point
left fuck you game oh it seems like
battle tank is winning by about 60% okay
yeah we can do badly all right I'll play
enough so I'll play it like I've played
strategy games before like I said you're
gonna be doing the bulk of the speaking
and I'll play enough to we we could try
a little Veatch how about we'll we'll do
a review of battle tech will stream
Hyrule warriors first four hours of
Detroit alright boom boom boom alright
easy man easy fucking peasy that's art
that's art we got our three tier
approach I mean we can also do jack game
versus rich game I like giving you their
each episode alright like giving up
saying some sad Vega it's a it's a
Windows 10 laptop it's the Lenovo yoga I
believe it's an older laptop and it
probably just needs a clean install at
this point Jack the exact I I am I'm in
charge of programming here easy it's
it's an easy call Hyrule warriors is
gonna be a good streaming game battle
tech rich will have a lot to say about
because you are super into the strategy
games the Detroit becomes human is a
game that we can probably only stomach
for hours of so we're not reading tips
tonight I'm 90% of this stream has been
me reading tips that's true
90% yeah where have you been I got to
the boss
and then I could literally just read one
after the other non-stop but that would
probably make for a shitty stream yeah
Wow per Austin see says constant prereq
viewers probably can list four to five
games that rich absolutely loves yeah
but Jack I'm having trouble thinking of
some of yours
besides Isaac what are some of your
absolute favorites not just ones you
generally enjoy like Pokemon early
pokemons would be amongst my absolute
favorite by the way okay early pokemons
Game Boy Game Boy Advance pokemons those
were those were my favorite the earliest
would be Game Boy oh come on
right and I'm saying the Game Boy
Advance ones okay it was still early
Pokemon would be would app would be
absolutely one of my favorite games so
yeah Isaac you know spelunky is an
absolute favorite hands down no doubt
breath of the wild would be up there FTL
I like it too okay that's fine I don't
know like maybe I like FTL up but maybe
so but not necessarily 100% my gym um
something I talk about a lot I think I
screamed it once ages ago Metroid Prime
is a game that I love super fucking hard
blood-borne is a game that I love beyond
recognition
try to think of just like my go to get
rocket League rocket every once in a
while still to this day like I haven't
Anna ages like oh it's something it's
like oh I get you know I got 20 minutes
I bet I could get in a match or two like
I didn't feel so good feels so good
that's rocket League is like comfort
food it's just I want one match every
once in a while over well overwatch is
I haven't played overwatch in a fairly
long time I'll be honest with you and
like it's it's to the point now where
there's so many gameplay changes in
overwatch like I might take a longer
break I haven't had an opportunity to
play in like months okay the older games
Jack I like a lot of Jack childhood
games
now that's rough because I have a really
poor memory yeah I really do like
legitimately I don't remember much Super
Mario World absolutely without a doubt
what all-time favorite Super Mario make
a man I was never super into no no I was
more Super Mario World
I was never crazy into Megaman Megaman X
that wasn't old old-school games I love
you know what I loved on what was it on
the n64 and the game q''-word the Paper
Mario games I loved those games there I
mean there's just so you're what you're
asking such a big question is like you
know your all-time bedrock games and
there's just too many of them even named
a bunch so I think that's I think it's
okay some finance great you know what
someone someone asked me on Twitter
earlier Wow you know it's probably a
bedrock game of mine huh is Guitar Hero
for the PlayStation 2 not my gym I know
it's not your jam there was a point in
which anyone who ever came over to my
house was playing guitar hero because
that's all that was happening was we
were playing guitar hero that was one of
those situations where like I was kind
of hesitant on the idea of like oh this
big guitar controlling what you just
played the guitar and then I went to
Best Buy and they had the display and
you played it you're like I fuckin am a
rock star I fell in love with it so hard
Guitar Hero absolute Jam I learned a lot
it ironed a lot of gems that time what's
this shit okay prosthetics Pro Austin C
says last but not least I should have
been using this money in pizza rolls
what is your favorite console and what
console do you probably have the most
hours on during your lifetime my
favorite is probably SNES but I have
most time on ps4 like 2500 hours PC uh
yeah probably piece I'm not trying to be
an asshole but I mean I'm a PC guy I
have been for ever a day yeah you even
with all my console time I probably have
more hours on the PC really probably
mostly because of Team Fortress 2 and
overwatch I mean you know once you start
hitting that thousand our market games
it's like all right yeah definitely for
console oh god how do you even quantify
this I'm an old man right maybe my
GameCube piece - maybe ps2 ps2 financer
you got grand theft auto's yeah ton of
other shit that was my first dynasty
warrior Maximo games heavily underrated
both on the ps2 it was like dynasty
Warriors 3 on the ps2 I think that was
first or one of the dynasty warrior
games on the ps2 good a good guitar hero
Katamari Damacy Shadow of the Colossus
yeah maybe ps2 you might be right
console guys guys I always wanted no PC
answer I don't know why I don't want PC
isn't legit man
I'm gonna try what's new here we got a
lightning thing it's not an exciting
answer what why not it's the Consul he
has the most time in its it's the gaming
machine he has the most time in by far
yeah that's a fine answer rich I think
that's a fine answer
don't let them to don't let them tell
you otherwise that is a fine answer PCs
have also changed a lot in 20 years
they're saying PC isn't very descriptive
yeah I'm sorry I have a universal
platform that doesn't age out and go
away how awkward I'm sorry I'm still
able to play 25 year old PC games right
now
yeah I don't care about any of these
oh alright well we had where we at rich
what where we at Jarl of craft says rich
in Wayne's world at Rob Lowe's apartment
Wayne says in many ways T and G is
superior to but will never be recognized
as the original 25 plus years later do
you agree with that statement I can't
well is is teen G as recognizable to the
general public as the original series e
to the general public probably not
probably at this point you think so
Joe Schmoe who doesn't care about Star
Trek jinkies gonna know who William
Riker is or who dr. McCoy is I think Joe
Schmoe is now a younger demographic so I
would say that they probably know they
probably know a life spine huh Chris
Pine well they probably know like oh
yeah I know that bald guy from the meme
that's not the same thing you're
probably right about that they know the
bald guy from yes you're right about
that and so that's the Star Trek they
would know right when they rebooted the
Star Trek for the movies they used Kirk
not Picard that's true so you're saying
it will it hasn't overtaken the
popularity of the original yeah yeah I
don't know it was it was on longer you
know it was on longer I think more
people saw it
shit but when you say Star Trek to
somebody who's not a Star Trek fan what
do they save them the name Star Trek
what do they think of that's a good you
know what that it that needs that needs
a man on the street yeah that needs a
that means the camera go like I I'm
gonna I'm gonna say I'm gonna say a word
you give me the first thing that comes
to mind Star Trek FRA Spock if you so
probably to me it's it's Picard like
when it when I for you yes yeah for you
and for me like what when I say
Enterprise I think of next gen I still
think of the the friggin refit at a
price
oh really oh yeah okay well that that is
the most beautiful ship in all of
science fiction the enter of the refit
Enterprise slash Enterprise a yeah
hands-down the most beautiful ship in
all of science fiction but
Star Destroyer is the most beautiful
chat chat Chad go home you're drunk Chad
the home you're drunk the triangle is a
lumpy triangle that there are way sexier
shit fucking the Millennium Falcon is
sexier than the Star Destroyer give me a
fucking x-wing the x-wing is sexier than
the Star Destroyer come on Chad
there are sexier ships within Star Wars
moving on
no okay sure stolen pvp pvp says you
guys are amazing I've got no question
thank you great it's a mad mad mad mad
max says nice long time lurker first
time tipper slash sub the Amazon black
hole has finally pulled me past the
event horizon thank you for all the
years of entertainment you're welcome
okay we can Amazon ah the Amazon Prime
you did it it's something like that I
guess I don't know I don't know man I
know you can you get subscribe but the
Amazon Prime but now I just sound like
you showing that it's okay to chill it's
okay to show you don't you don't want to
over a shil
I'm not you know you gotta it's a
balancing act forever rich but when you
do shield you have to open my shoulder
absolutely and I don't think I I don't
think I'd hide it
Renault D 1597 says hey rich and Jack
just wanted to say I sent you guys
something very special to your P o box
it's supposed to arrive tomorrow you
might need to go to the counter to pick
it up I don't think it'll fit in the
mailbox Oh No yeah you know you wouldn't
be the first
honestly we get said some weird shit man
every once in a while someone did say
they were sending us something very nice
someone someone emailed and said and
said hey I'm big fan of your show and I
make custom video game still shadow
boxes okay like little pieces of art
that are from video games yeah would you
like any and I said well sure that looks
oh they look great
he's got a little Etsy store yeah and I
was like I want that one alone it's like
okay I'll send him so that's might be
what he said
okay okay cuz they look cool I think I'd
be like nice on the wall I was waiting
for him to charge you by the way I was
waiting for the charge me too they
specifically said the email like oh I
want I want to send you so I was gonna
be like oh I want this one this way all
right that'll be $42 right I was waiting
for that too but nope just someone who
makes something wants to share
what did I think of the discovery
redesign of the original tos Enterprise
I need to get a better look at it
I know I know definitely in the lighting
they were showing it in it looked kind
of bad but that could have just been the
ugly blue lighting always have to
account for blue for ugly lighting it
looks like they might have added too
many fucking windows to it but I really
need to just get a really honestly good
look at it
gosh dang it gobbledygook says either if
you see the trailer for Eid slash
Bethesda's rage - what's your experience
with rage one from 2011 Bethesda
jokingly said with us and it yes it's a
and if that's one long a or like the two
triple a's together it's a title one of
their vehicular combat games do you like
how was Mad Max lot into one question
you know what I saw here's what I saw I
saw the internet collectively shitting
their pants over over this rage to thing
like shit in a good way like oh my god
I'm so excited about rage - I had never
even heard of Rage I heard of Rage one
absolutely nobody was excited about it
really including me yeah I don't I don't
know what rage one is I don't like Mad
Max but it's not Mad Max okay then it's
the first person and you walk around and
shoot things you also drive around crash
into things
oh that's fun mm-hmm is it I'm what was
it on Oh probably everything everything
ps3 xbox probably the usual okay I I had
no recollection of Rage one so but I saw
a lot of people were really excited
about rage - it was it was an indie game
that absolutely nobody was excited about
when it came out okay
which is weird to me just because it it
yeah legend legendary it'd though at
that point in wasn't quite in the same
it anymore oh okay I'm with you I'm with
you
everyone's going crazy over age - but I
don't know anyone that even likes Rage
well that's what I'm saying like I I
didn't know rage 1 was the thing that
existed and then I'll stand there like
it's happening yeah it's happening you
know what's happening and I like the Mad
Max game but if I'm being perfectly
fucking honest if you if you take the
license out of it I'm not sure I I'm not
sure I give that much of a fuck about it
if I'm being you know just totally
honest you are yeah I'm asking you to be
what like that ice spear like that ice
spear people
at Oquendo wants to know how deep we've
gone to blood-borne chalice dungeons
would you stream them I don't might
stream them at some point I don't think
I've gotten that deep yeah like I don't
think I've gotten more than I don't
think I've gotten more than halfway
through them yeah probably not
i-i've gotten relatively deep I I guess
I don't know what the average is I I
felt like I spent a lot of time in them
yeah and also that they didn't do
anything great for me it fine needs
things yeah I didn't I didn't understand
the purpose of the channel with chalice
dungeons well you find the really nice
things when you get really deep is the
thing oh sure so I just deep in I don't
get even of you I know enough about it
to know there are good rewards sure
eventually you start getting some mighty
powerful gems okay
blood gems and different versions of
like the normal weapons that have
different shapes lots that you can put
different types of gems in there's
rewards sure sure
yeah I I so I guess I didn't get far
enough to understand why they were a
good thing if that gives you any idea of
how far I got into them come find blood
shot says hey guys have you watched
Cobra Kai yep it was better than it
deserves to be i binge the whole season
in one sitting
awesome rich have you ever played
bullets a bullet storm I picked up the
remastered version and fell in love with
it I have not played bullet storm I
think I've heard good things about both
of them right that's it's supposed to be
like a crazy almost like a Dishonored no
combat I think all right I think and
unless the chat is about to prove me
wrong I have watched all of Cobra Kai
and I like it quite a bit we talked
about it earlier and a whole whole
discussion about polar guy whole thing
the whole thing
bad gamer Korean says Jack if your
family eventually find themselves liking
D&D; would you give 40k a try sometime in
the future nope
there's something about non-digital
games that make them great if fridge
still has the mini for Kay's I sent him
years ago
show them to your kids ah you know I
just don't know I've got them somewhere
is that why is it here um I don't know
you know like someone I was I was kind
of sharing my my D&D; with with with
Twitter and people like walking and why
are you in D&D; there's you know there's
these other tabletop RPGs that are so
much better and it's just like you know
what I got to start somewhere man yeah
and maybe I'll fall in love with the MV
and want to branch out more into the
tabletop role-playing arena or maybe
it'll fizzle out oh man maybe subject
maybe say exactly I'm taking I'm taking
it easy here
I think a shop is over here yes and a
potion yes thank you
Tabitha Kirk says that attend dose which
each shop currently has bad dudes on
sale from $7.99 unless to march down
from wait I'm getting hats that are
covering up Chad dude bad dudes like a
double dragons game oh okay
bad do you maybe two bucks
I think they charge too much for
something shop thirty-year-old games
where do we go now I got cut off okay
Bob Hurley has bad dudes on sale from
$7.99 down to 719 ooh
download it now and see why Steve Martin
said in the movie Parenthood they're bad
dudes that's why they call the game bad
dudes I think I'm good yeah III think
that's a bit much bad dudes for me
oh gosh dang it
kappa molo says jack what did you think
of the story - horizon zero dawn i
actually found it very good and gave a
shit which is rare since most video game
stories are bad
I'd ask richest opinion but I don't
think he ever finished it I absolutely
loved the game
once again I did look up spoilers I
thought it was fine yeah I enjoyed it
actually you know what I didn't finish
the game when we did the review yeah I
couldn't get that far like you know it's
a big game but that is one that I after
the review I absolutely went back finish
the story did all the side missions I
wanted to do and really enjoyed it I
thought it was I mean it was fairly
predictable yeah relatively speaking but
I enjoyed the story overall of horizon
zero dawn and that's good I liked yeah I
mean you guys know that I like - horizon
zero dawn but I felt really satisfied at
the ending you know you get that that
cutscene at the end that's something you
talk about a lot of like the earned
cutscene like hey I beat the game give
me give me a little moving right and I
don't really feel that very often in
games but but here was a point where I
did I didn't want to play this like I
was done yeah
just show me the end ah okay that was
that was one of those rare times and I I
just wanted to sit back and enjoy the
ending so
soul tornado says what are your thoughts
and Kevin Sorbo and Hercules The
Legendary Journeys could something
similar be done today well if you want
just something that's a schlocky action
show couldn't you count ash vs. Evil
Dead that was done today there's their
schlocky action shows alright like like
heck that's half of the CW lineup right
now is schlocky action shows I just have
Super Heroes nobody's agreeing with me I
see three noes so I don't think they
agree with me on that
ash vs. Evil Dead being a social action
show yeah maybe y'all don't know what
schlock is
I don't know that anybody likes Kevin
Sorbo though I know I we just talking
about this like a streamer or two ago I
have really fond memories of watching
both Hercules and Xena Warrior Princess
I'm pretty sure Kevin Sorbo is a huge
dickhead now yeah that doesn't sour me
on how much I loved her cousin Xena was
fair but I also still think these shows
exists 100% shocky action shows what
what's currently on today that you would
compared to Hercules The Legendary
Journeys that's on today that's on today
that's not currently right now so you
can't even say ash vs. Evil Dead because
they just cancel no it's true
would we count something like flash like
like you know a little bit of action a
little bit of superhero stuff but mostly
isn't hokey enough is it hokey and it's
fairly hokey okay I know why I'm asking
you guys I've not watched the flash I'm
not if you say it is I have to take your
word for it I have not watched the flesh
as hokey as Hercules probably not
because that was super tongue-in-cheek
but I think if you look at stuff like
flash and Supergirl who don't take
themselves very seriously yeah you'd
have kinesin contenders decent
contenders yeah or legends of tomorrow
any of those CW schlock shows you
probably have decent contenders
right up
what do we think of the ash vs. Evil
Dead ending I haven't seen season 3 AB I
was waiting to binge it and based on
what you're saying I'm guessing it's
finally all been aired so it's something
that some a I gotta get around to it
Thanks nice got some coin I got some
coin what do you got serves
what are you what did you do did you
hurt me how what did you do you did hurt
me but you had a chance to poison foes a
poopoo pee-pee dad said hey which
perfect
speaking of enterprises have you ever
checked out Andrew perverts enterprise-c
concept renderings he designed a concept
enterprise-c for the show but it wasn't
used
he has since had a full CG model made
Probert is the designer of the refit and
the D by the way yeah I know that much
about him I heard he had a design for
the C I think I saw it ages ago but I
don't really remember what it looked
like so III can't give you the kind of
feedback you like or want on that I
don't know how you pronounce his name I
pronounce it Probert PR OB ERT robot
that's the boss ooh he's laughing at you
laughing no he earned it
I feel like I'm doing better I'm now
getting to that first boss more this is
a roguelike yeah okay yeah it's wrong
like you you unlock different spells
that you can use in combination of each
other and different map layouts every
time so I feel like I'm getting there
that oh that boss is fog and tough
though that was that might have been
just a little too tough for me we need a
flurry let's see what you are and fire I
don't want any firewall I go blast sure
I feel like I need water I need water
spells because I'm in a fire level you
know I don't know if that works I'm
facing a fire boss do you think water
will have an advantage over the fire
boss I probably would typically it would
but I don't know if that's one of these
games or if this is just the fire boss
you know can anyone recommend a game
that makes you feel like a badass
similar to doom I really there's
anything that makes you feel quite as
badass as doom does that's that's the
epitome of feeling like a bath s dooms
kind of a spit like you know cuz you can
look at games like God of War which has
a very good combat system and does make
you feel like a badass you've got a war
I love the combin love the combat system
remember everyone I love it
you have games for me like dynasty
warriors which though they're hack and
slash II you are the big strong person
and you mow down everyone but doom doom
has that sadist like that difficulty
balance just down and and how many games
do the bad guys write a Bible about how
terrified you make them
right what are the enemies so afraid of
you that they make a religion out of it
like they're so afraid of you like do I
make you feel like a badass not only in
the gameplay but also just in the war
they they carve tales about you in stone
to make sure no one forgets that you
will wreck them yeah yeah I agree you
know I'm seeing like blood-borne and
Metroid Prime and that's you know
blood-borne it can be very satisfying
when you win but it's all both of those
games I could have very similar tones
which is just it's all about kind of
despair and loneliness and exploration
like those games do not make you feel
like a badass they make you feel sad
doom doom was like a horror game where
you are the monster yeah do what I like
about doom is it flips the script mm-hmm
doom you're alone on a base on Mars
everyone else is dead and the base is
filled with demons like the script there
it's very obvious you know where you
were fucked you are absolutely fucked
but but doom let you turn the tables
it's not fuck that they're trapped in
here with me the demon should be afraid
of me oh and they are sure all the
fucking demons it's very it's very
pleasant you know it is
just I I just agreed it's like aliens of
all the aliens were running away from
Ripley maybe a less exciting movie but
well it'd be like an alien game where
you play as the alien and you are you
are the monster you hunt and stalk the
humans it kind of like when you play
Friday the 13th and you're Jason is like
oh I'm in charge here I'm the boss and
it's bedtime yeah yeah with you so
there's there's other games where you
kick ass but it's not the same it's not
the same
like that spear I like that ice spear
we're gonna go a little more ice heavy
with my build this time ice and
lightning and we're gonna see if we can
do oh but now I get the tree guy first
oh well ice ice should be powerful
against tree dudes baby lightning too
this time let's see if that does me any
good
yeah that's pretty good I'm getting it
I'm understanding
yes you feel like a badass in the Arkham
games just not to the great degree you
feel like a badass play Doom I don't
know yeah and I don't know like if
you're supposed to ever feel like a
badass as Batman you're you know you're
kind of Batman is above being a badass
Batman is all about efficiency right and
sometimes efficiency just means being a
badass right right but he never wants to
like Batman could never say he's a
badass but you can never fee it when
you're put when you are Batman you can
never feel like a badass cuz there's
business to be done yes that smell about
the business I got to do this
you yourself said the Arkham games make
you feel like a badass you frauds look
I'm not saying it doesn't make I'm
saying it's not comparable to how much
of a badass you feel like when you
played doom you're so much of a badass I
feel like when I'm playing Batman here's
how much of a badass I feel like when
I'm playing doom here's how much of a
badass I feel like when I'm playing
stardew valley it's somewhere down there
with Tetris and Mario right stardew
valley get out of town it's great that's
great Jimmy I would never say he's a
badass either he does it with his hands
oh yeah first of all yes no I'm not
talking about physically saying you're
badass I'm talking about your feeling
when you're playing yes when you are
when you are the doom Slayer I am sure
that the doom Slayer is smiling while
ripping demons I think that the doom
Slayer gets a certain amount of joy out
of ripping our demons har down and I
just don't think Batman like what when
I'm Batman I'm cold and I'm calculated
I'm doing so there so there's different
there's just different feelings you know
gosh dang it
I was having like up until a room ago I
was having a really good run and and now
I'm not I'm sorry that's the end of my
story it's a good story
fuck why
dang it dang it dang it dang it
Zach of the axises I'm going to be a
Milwaukee this weekend for work do you
guys have any recommendations from where
I should go for dinner thanks
what you got jack 1 million in one
places man what name one name one
vanguard man guard el fuego
yeah there's better Mexican place yes el
fuego is not bad but there's botanas
which is uh in the walkers point area
but Thomas is a great Mexican restaurant
there all right the weather's beautiful
does it have that nice outdoor eating
area does does botanas is great all
right but sadness is good Mexican there
is oh well there's a place on KK that's
like hipster Mexican that's really good
too what are they called
I mean and el fuego is not bad but like
el el fuego almost almost feels chain
restaurant E to me five guys like you
you list literally the most overrated
burger joint also a chain burger joint
so no event like Vanguard is homemade
sausages and you will not regret it and
and a beer list that will blow you away
and all of their sausages are amazing
vanguard is the place to go if you want
you know pizza there's classic slice or
transfer pizza if you want like like a
giant slice you go to classic slice if
you want the pizza where they are like
made the dough fresh and it has like the
weird bubbles because you know it's
imperfect and delicious
you gotta transfer bubbles I don't want
bubbles in my pizza you're doing it
wrong I don't care if it's a hand tossed
but it's got bubbles in it it's a bad
pizza incorrect you are you are
incorrect about your pizza you know you
want a good cup of soup and a sandwich
with some homemade chips you go to Lulu
News Cafe Lulu demarinis pizzas pretty
good yeah
yeah do marine stuff in there's there's
there's so many things to eat here in
the city so you just have you have so
much man rock bottom
that's place I'm thinking of they had
great fancy macaroni Rock Bottom Brewery
yeah yeah place I'm thinking of they
have decent food I rock over in rock
bottom there's a million places with
amazing food you go to UM there's a
there's a place called the crafty cow
that makes if you're ready for this a
bone marrow butter burger which is this
giant burger patty that they cook with
bone marrow butter and it's it's not a
place it's not a place you want to go to
take a date to because your face will be
covered in grease but it is a delicious
burger trap they did not close I was at
demarinis today there might be more than
one location and one of them closed but
I was literally there today Wow okay
there there's there's just there's
restaurant after restaurant after
restaurant like what kind of experience
are you looking for we have a we have a
restaurant that doesn't have a regular
menu you want to get crazy with it you
go to fuck what's it called
give me Mon moment please there's a
restaurant in town that changes their
menu every single day depending on what
food they can buy at the farmers market
and then they just cook shit and it's
different every day and it's great all
right I have to remember
what the fucking place is called though
before I can recommend it to you I
should know the name of it that's like
that's that's just etiquette it is
called I'm gonna find it it is called
lazy susan lazy susan is a restaurant in
town
Jack you're killing me I'm sorry no and
you know what I'm a hundred percent on
diet right now and so that just means
I'm really hungry all the time to him
and so I'm just my mouth is watering and
I'm thinking about all the delicious
food that's all around us all the time
you can go to honey pie they make great
cupcakes they have great food just I
live in it I live here's here's the
thing I live in a part of town that is
the restaurant district yeah and so I
have a million good restaurants all
around me and so that's it okay Haidee
tqk a yeah
which sounds like an old it cheat code I
could be wrong
says hey guys love the last nerd crew I
was wondering if you all seen the
phantasm movie series and if so what are
your thoughts for the most part I liked
it but was a little letdown with the
final movie I saw one or two of them
like 30 years ago
no I just know there's a silver ball
with what sharp things it's all I know
yeah I know a creepy old guy I know even
less rich sometimes oh sorry light
bloodshot says how do i gift you guys a
gamer I'd like to send you Bulletstorm
rich would love it it's all about trick
shots and unique kills power drill that
you get fires drills that impale guys
the walls and shoot them into the sky
that's my favorite gun
have it listen to me though do you have
it I don't think so
well I hear games out here too already
is just my goodness these are just my
games no I you can you can if you want
to gifted to rich you can use our email
prereq at red letter media calm when you
gift the game you can just choose to
send it via email okay and then I will
forward that to rich so he can get it
and then we're caught up and I'm
assuming you are done I am done I'm at a
good place I feel like I understand the
game I feel like I'm ready Oh looks like
if we don't keep up with these it looks
like it's it Scrolls out tips yeah okay
we'll have to bet that's incentive to
keep up with them I suppose you know we
always can't always do that now there's
another thing that we can do I think so
I'll look into that okay I will look
into them alright yeah great so this is
the point of the stream in which we
thank all of the people who have
subscribed to us during this very stream
much like Sagan 1224 40 bucks months in
a row who says thanks guys you're
welcome
bulking barrel tard core for 14 months
in a row who's his house D&D; with the
family going hopefully you heard my my
excitement holy SH meal for the whole
spiel where I finished writing it
tomorrow if this is by the way by the
way this spoiler for you guys because
you're not playing yeah this is just
part one
oh so they get this mystery scroll that
gives them the location of this hidden
gem right Jim that's got to be worth a
lot of money so they go they get the gem
like that's just one then the gems gonna
have some some strange writing on it
right now oh we can't read this writing
so then they're gonna have to go back to
their boss the the treasure hunting boss
and those eyes he's gonna be done Wilson
you know well is it is a I know this
language this is elvish I I can speak
elvish he's is it's gonna have some sort
of like you know when I meet with the
moon or the full moon light the age of
the skeletons begins and it's just gonna
happen to be midnight on a full moon
night and then the skeletons are gonna
rise and they're gonna have a whole
nother quest where they have to fight
this this is the king of a skeleton
after they get out of the cave pretty
excited I'm writing a backstory for a
cult that worships skeletons so you
don't you don't play as a character but
it seems like you get to have your own
fun but just creating this shit is that
how the DM role works yeah well and I I
play all of the NPC's okay and so like
if they talk to anyone all the bad guys
I play call you and and I write it yeah
right the world so so there's there's I
think there's a lot of fun to be had as
the DM you you have fun with your family
Jeff you have rich if this turns into a
thing I end up loving I'm roping you in
you know that I know I know you're
probably gonna do that that's a great
storm Templar who says guys don't break
up we saw what a solo show would look
like in the last third its observing try
nine thousand for 19 months in a row
it's it's always better to have someone
to talk to yeah absolutely
is joe flacco elites who says graduated
from college this saturday excuse me
now i have all the time in the world to
watch prereq whoa
so just twenty-two microfibre militia
for 43 motherfucking months in a row
who says forever and ever and ever and
for KN Christ for 12 months in a row
says one year feels like just yesterday
that biscuit for me will do
what's biscuit can't be playing as the
one who wants to get up on the table and
wreck our lego sets yeah the monster is
not the jungle cat I don't have I don't
have it in my depths to like roleplay as
the cat - I can't that's not it for me
he's gonna be the cat that's annoyed
that we're not petting him while we're
having fun playing D&D; chuk chuk Fox for
14 months in a row who says hey maybe we
can get some maybe we can get together
sometime and compare our figurines Dirk
Gently ER for 19 months in a row says
rich finally checked out your finally
check out wrench finally checked out
your table and the latest nerd crew
great job keep it up guys
that's right that's one of your proud
builds yeah I built that table the
nurture table it's a nice table oh
that's great
it's curved its curves but no one
noticed about the curved table out of
straight one he's very proud of myself
farc toyed kaleidoscopic 24 13 months in
a row just Westworld season two is
fucking amazing and also what is the
newest news for Back to the Future for
you don't watch Westworld right no I
haven't maybe I should it's good man all
right it's real good and yes season two
is is still real good we are at Future
pres our be just an are headed Justin
home
in 48 I think I think what we do is all
you yes you here's my big plan
Justin Hormann for 48 goddamn
motherfucking months in a row I think we
just add more squares that's it yeah I
didn't say it was big I just said I had
a plan you built it up you built it up
adding a word yeah I think we had
goddamn - you know you know you know say
I just you wait no it's gonna be all
levels we'll see you just say I will add
a word to it I think it's I think it was
my earliest suggestions and you shot it
down
thing that's not that's not enough I
certainly we get here first person for
fucking years I saw you got as you had a
goddamn that's not even as exciting as
motherfucking
let's step down now which is too much
Justin Orman says you don't think
goddamn motherfucking is good no well
what would you instead of goddamn what
would you do I told you I would just
reset it all disincentive to keep going
to get back the motherfucking jack I
think I think we have to we have to keep
Adam I think we have to keep adding
until it gets ridiculous yeah how do we
feel like goddamn goddamn motherfucking
and then the next one is you know what
goes before goddamn I have no idea we
just keep adding you know you know those
we're gonna shitty
I'm good they're gonna take a clip of
this whole segment Jack and they're
gonna paste it into the dictionary.com
under underwhelming this whole moment
underwhelming you just have a clip of
this you asked me if I had a plan I said
I got a plan I said like I did I got a
plan you have built this up in your own
mind like it was a grin I just had a
plan just a Norman says I just stopped
by to say have a great rest of the week
everybody also I was curious on my
number I think God damns the way to go
unless you can think of a better one to
go in front of mother
no no it's goddamn now we're stuck with
it god damn it
binky why says keep up the good work
boys loved the matching tiny suit rich
thank you thank you give me your stupid
coals cold special it's gray almost son
sue says hey guys yell ROC apropos of
nothing I have either of you read the
Gulag Archipelago if there's no way I
could have buy a wholesome Tyson I'm
taking a break from it to listen to you
holy shit it's some heavy stuff makes
you appreciate life check it out if
you're ever feeling down it doesn't
sound like something I'd want to read if
I'm feeling down like I'm already hip
dip in a book that makes me feel like
shitting so I don't know if I want to
add another book that makes me feel like
other people are shit look sure you read
that don't make you feel like shit yeah
but sometimes I want I want some I want
some knowledge in my life all right I
want to get woke you proud no 3-1-1
adamant Adam
magic on chicken macbeth ox for 20
fucking months in a row says what a
couple of hack frogs babe baby yeah no
wallah for 29 fucking months in a row
says heart emoji thank you
Tiberius Kirk for 32 fucking months in a
row who says hey I haven't been around
much the last few weeks isn't that fun I
suppose welcome back welcome back thank
you thank you for subscribing odd drinks
for 12 months in a rose is 12 months woo
brain is gone for 12 months in a row who
says the a 12 months pizza rolls for all
pizza roll from Joba oh yeah me oh ha
yo ha yeah I said Schmeer Schmeer ha all
right
yeah 2 foot tug on 445 motherfucking
months in a row G few short months it'll
be the very underwhelming goddamn
motherfucking months in a row you did
you know something about me rich here
here's a little tidbit into into me I'm
very good at making decisions that's not
to say I'm good at making good decisions
I just like if you need a decision made
I will make a call and go with it
they don't always work out but I'm your
guy like you just need a call made I'm
your guy I'll make the call whether it's
the right one or not you never know but
I'm there to make the call
gee Cal 87 seems like graduating high
school for years you know for your sub
you graduate and guess what a real world
starts very real worthless nothing in
high school prepared you for this the
good times have ended miss true that's
true a strobe levar clinically depressed
Abe for 12 months in a row my moose is
loose dream sign for 27 fucking months
in a row says I hope you enjoy spending
your monthly be Zoe's bucks as much as I
enjoy giving them to you yes you we love
it that every month Yuri subscribe using
your free Amazon Prime subscription
which you get to do if you're an Amazon
Prime member doesn't cost you and it
might gives us some bucks
god damn if you're subscribed for four
years you give the very underwhelming
goddamn added to your shoutout but if
you go five years we're gonna add
another thing Lucas Ducas for thirty-one
fucking months in a row digger blue for
20 fucking months in a row just 20
months you know what I'm saying 20
months I do
Streicher 1 1 2 1 436 some motherfucking
months in a row 3 years is so much
better than 4 years
but wait there is so much better oh my
god you know you gotta have a breather
year a breather year before we get to 5
striker says I've wasted my life thank
you for that
I'm being too hard on you jack
I think it's funny it is okay I just
wanna make sure you're going with the
bit rich and we're getting laughs so go
with it we're laughing maybe maybe
they're watching this thing rich Evans a
horrible mom you're just a big Meany
head no I know if I thought it mattered
I'd might feel bad but not okay okay if
because we can always change it it's
very sure none of the by the way the
chat Chad if you will none of these
rules are set in stone like we can
change them anytime we want so if we
think of something better to do we'll do
it but we probably won't solve it so
then I'm sure so hide says the prereq
doesn't even exist
smh I don't know what that means
okay Zeno's the ogre from Shrek zone or
zone B P bills says Jack's talking about
art and again he's wrong about literally
everything can't be wrong about art yo
Bryson 1979 Doyle 871 says how much to
bribe Jay to come back nine thousand
dollars cash mail it to the PIO box
blue vaad for 20 fucking months in a row
Edgar Allen hope ho 422 fucking months
in a row Darkwing schmuck for 13 months
in a row says here's to one year since I
realized Amazon let me sub for free and
if anyone is curious as to how awful
roller Gator is spoiler pretty fucking
awful it's often shown on the RiffTrax
twitch channel okay yeah yeah
William Thomas and one dust for twelve
months in a row says I was driving
cross-country and while bored my wife
asked
if you had to be an animal what would
you be thanks to prereq I already knew
the best answer LOL Animorph my human
animal ah
mr. shields II dr. strong Esquire says
whoopee nine months whatever achievement
cheers for the good times fellas let's
hope for at least mediocre in the future
that's all we can hope for
adequacy question number 16 Stu
pocalypse Titus 84 for 20 fucking months
in a row I'll pack a death trap for 15
months in a row says I'm graduating on
Saturday thank you guys for giving me a
break from all the stress of college
slash Hospital rotations doctor alpaca
death track or nurse I'll pack a death
trap either way thank you for your
service you might be you know looking at
a body part of ours later so you know
you got to thank them they're out there
doctor or nurse yeah I got it but if you
are out pocket at her tell us tell us
before you look at a body part of ours
because that might be weird a little bit
creepy that's what I'm saying it's a
little bit creepy
Joe bag of doughnuts who says glass of
scotch and your banter make for a great
Wednesday night keep up the good work
fellas
Randolph the rad who says rich thank you
for building my house how is it being
powered it's called an argent reactor
energy stored from the heat demotic
aversion in progress whoops yeah yeah I
don't know you got it when you're
reading it I didn't get it like not
until I got to demonic invasion in
progress like archana reactor I was like
what is that I said a star trainer of
genes right I thought it was a Star Trek
thing so then I was like okay then when
demonic invasion in progress happen I
get it I get it
bradle 23 xbox nuisance clay dough one
four six
teen months in a row land cow it's a mad
mad mad mad max j.r.r Lovecraft for 16
months in a row who says next time
you're in Houston let me know I'm in the
phone book under L okay development Hank
says thanks for all the fun
Sauron masks the AC for sixteen months
in a row says hi hi Dow mine three
domain three many the Vera King gay plea
Inca z-99 421 fucking lessiter OSes woo
21 months hi fellas hi hello CC buddy
Ryder jump
jibun bonbon you're correct it is Japan
bun slicer gang Chernobyl kinsmen 437
motherfucking months in a row and it was
how much that smoother that rolls off
the tongue then goddamn motherfucking
months in a row but I in in my head
that's part of the joke is as they go on
in years it becomes more and more
cumbersome for us to do that mr. Earl of
the ants mr. I love the ants you forgot
this her noble kinsman is Amazon Prime
bitches I was just me err horny Amazon
Prime reference no but that just sounds
like part of a rap song like Amazon
Prime bitches ain't that like that
sounds like something a DJ would say it
a sentient do you think do I look like
someone who know what a DJ would say it
is set just like the kids are super into
it so is it felt right if the air horn
felt right
mr. I love the ants who says today is my
birthday and I'm spending it with you
guys happy birthday ants
happy birthday ants pace 180 jordana for
15 months in a row says this was funny
and then there's a link to her straw
poll I can't see right now but thank you
well cat will copy and look at later
copy I just copied it
mr. peachy silly putty M C Lucas for 47
motherfucking months in a row one more
month before that's marred forever run
trip fall shag Ahad 1897 for 15 months
in a row who says hey guys 15 months
flies by so fast are you excited for RDR
- I thought you're going to say r2d2
yeah absolutely not but our dude our RDR
- sure sure I need to actually see
gameplay footage there was Red Dead
Redemption - there we go the only thing
I've seen so far has been cinematic
trailers I'm less interested in that
yeah and Rockstar in general has has
gone the path of subscription service
and micro-trend god yeah we'll see we'll
see I haven't heard about anything
horrible they're doing just putting that
out there they're making their money
with GTA online so part of their fucking
multiplayer component it doesn't affect
the single-player that I don't give a
good goddamn bright evil Lord David for
19 months in a row says hey guys David
here for 19 months in a row hi David
I'm happy to hear about the D&D; jack I
think you'll be a great DM here's hoping
here's an open uncle kulikov says yeah I
like your stuff well thank you wold
haizen beard for 44 motherfucking months
in a rope says well standing up now have
a good night
Thank You AJ pimps all load um for 17
months and Rose is 17 months again I'm
nominated simple oh wow five years in a
row for five years just just oh wow oh
wow oh wow oh wow oh so be like and load
them for oh wow
five years in a row good good night
everybody
what about the last one we did it hey
dtq ka oh my god rich I got your old man
eyes you do I didn't even see it
Lauri the name a ad tqk a