Episode 098
Large and (not) in Charge (pt. 2)
May 25, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3wqboiVLBA
_______________________________________

unsteady he's dead mother there you go
check out that back armor I don't have
that kind of ability man it's the first
mission now curb stomp them I'm just
gonna shoot I mean I guess if you want
to do that too that's fine whatever
either way however you want playing
thoughts on the game so far so far well
because we're probably not gonna get to
it at this rate they it's good up until
you realize that they fucking ruined
mech customization oh yeah you were
talking about that earlier about
something that was bothering it you're
grossly limited with how you can
customize your mech really yeah hmm you
were older mech warrior games yeah you
pretty much had complete control to do
whatever you want I mean you can throw
eight you know nine fucking long-range
lasers on there you're gonna overheat
every time you try to shoot but you
could do it okay this ant that they have
something called hard points okay and
you're very limited on what you can
attach to the ship is that something
that you can give one energy weapon
hardpoint and two missile hard points so
you can only put two missile launchers
in a laser on there
you can't even it's not even like
generic weapon attachment point so I
couldn't put three lasers on there one
laser and two missiles and and it's like
what's the point of even having
customization at all at that fucking
point right right is that something you
think you'll be able to change later
like I don't I don't her there in the
game I don't think it's something I'll
be able to change later on I'm horribly
annoying sure sure
that's probably that's probably
something I would want is one mech only
lasers and then another mech maybe with
a little more mobility that has some
like missile capabilities yeah which is
a cleaner no I can't stand the stupid
generic warrior race
I hate them I am glad I am glad this
game takes place earlier in the timeline
and I'm not gonna have to see any of
those jackasses weapon hard points means
mechs are differentiated more than by
more than just tonnage so what I don't
care of each mech has its own individual
fucking identity I want to throw fucking
eight missile launchers on the goddamn
thing
why is my flight had to be ruined so you
can pretend that that mech is an unique
individual oh that's a good question
are there any chainsaw penises is there
an option for chainsaw penis
robot jacks No one out of ten one out of
ten out of the box get out of here
who's gonna be the first to mod in
chainsaw penis I will download that mod
and do a chainsaw penis only run make it
happen make it happen modders I will I
will live stream a chainsaw penis only
run if all of my mechs could have
changed our penises rich-rich went nuts
oh oh I was all looking for like like in
the other previous games I played they
weren't turned those there was the the
mech sims where you're in the cockpit
okay sure I played some of the older men
warrior games and i iaid some custom x4
just run it hot yeah loading up on on
some of the heavy laser weapon trees
generate a ton of heat but that us knows
my fucking choice right right guys many
heat sinks in theirs I could rails with
the lasers and fucking yeah yeah I I
went in this game I finally I finally
had some decent amount of cash and it
was like I had a Mac I wanted to make it
a close-range melee back I'm like you
know what I first some of the small
lasers on there because those
automatically go off when you're swaying
upon shell get like
maybe six yeah but no other weapons you
just
they only spit six molars I get the
hardpoint you can only attach one small
laser I could attach miss Allah a couple
of those I didn't want to use missile
launchers I wanted to be a fucking male
a bangle nope this is a missile launcher
with us one energy point back that's all
you could do and it completely sucked
the wind out of my sails I was all
looking forward to Dean I was planning
out my group and who was gonna do what
and the game shit all over me just
because I don't know the series do you
think it's possible rich that you'll be
able to eventually find a mech with the
right eight points tedious it does it
does but I'm trying to what if I like
the look of one more than the other no
yeah I get you that's a little that's a
little um doesn't matter super
superficial it's a little superficial
but I get what you're saying is at one
point you had customization and that's
what you came to explain completely
reason yes and this series seems to have
now removed no option yeah yeah
pack the game oh yeah maybe maybe some
mods will help take care of that but
they ain't out yet
which way are you facing
back shot yeah classic backstab
I just think without arms oh I guess he
has arms okay like without arms that
just look she she just - oh okay I just
I was focusing on the one that didn't
have arms cuz it's weird just looks
weird when they don't have arms they
already have the mods rich they already
got the months all right well then you
end up with a question was it with you
know is the game really balanced for
that sure they balanced it with
extremely limited weapon choices in mind
yeah and if we're going to do a full
sit-down review of this yeah it should
be the vanilla it should be the vanilla
version and not the modded version with
possibly a little asterisk section
saying hey a little bit I played the
modded version and did you get this one
specific mod at this time I hope
assuming they don't ever update this mod
it you know it's a better different
experience
all right
oh yeah lucha Jones this is the the plan
is that this is the next sit-down review
game that is that is the plan and so
then yeah that's that's a question is
like in that sit-down review should it
be for the vanilla game I mean the
answer is obviously yes most of it
should be but if there's one mod that
makes a very drastic difference then we
should talk about that yeah yeah seems
like rich doesn't like Hyrule warriors
rich rich doesn't like dynasty warriors
right right and that's by the way
perfectly fair which does not have to
like the dynasty Warriors series it's
okay for people to like different things
I mean there's there's dumb and then
there's brain-dead and you know
sometimes you want to watch a foreign
art house flicks with full captions and
sometimes you just want to watch bad
boys too and have a great time just
wanna just sit back and and then watch
face off and have a great time
if a game's vanilla discussion
constantly leads back to mods it might
be important exactly exactly but but you
know the the point is most of the game
place should be played on vanilla
because that's yeah that's the general
experience the intended experience I
know I don't want to step on ants for 10
hours what dynasty Warriors dynasty
Warriors you don't want to step on ants
for 10 hours right but what if you got
to step on different ants in different
locations and what if you got to do
really sick moves while you're stepping
on hands it'd be cool you feel good when
you do sick moves what you're stepping
on answer yeah but you saying that
people like the dynasty Warriors makes
them stupid no but they're enjoying a
very stupid thing that's fine I'll agree
with that but it doesn't mean that they
are stupid as someone who enjoys dynasty
Warriors I'll agree with them nothing
wrong with liking weed liking something
has a little dumb fun I don't give a
shit absolutely absolutely but rich
isn't necessarily into that yeah and
chat that is okay it's okay everything's
gonna be all right
there was a ps2 dinosaurs that was my
first that's actually um I was I was
living that was very early on like I had
just very recently moved in with Lisa
around that era and I was you know
obviously young couple just moved in
together didn't have a lot didn't have a
lot of money and I was trying to
convince her that we should buy a
Playstation 2 yeah and back in the day a
PlayStation 2 was also a big deal
because it was a DVD player and not
everyone had a DVD player at that time
so I was like oh it's it's not only
games it's a DVD player like
it'll be good for the house trying to
convince her that we should you know
spend our our now dual money on a
Playstation 2 and we went over to my
brother's house and played the Dynasty
Warriors that was on the ps2 yeah and
she loved it so much that she agreed
that we can buy ps2 and we spent many
many a long hour playing split-screen
dynasty warriors and it was fucking
beautiful fucking beautiful just you
know we would we would like draw out our
battle plans because some maps had very
specific missions and if you did one
very specific thing at a very specific
time then you could get like the good
weapon of that level cuz every what
every level has so you can kill more in
yes so you can kill more ants faster
with fire doing more sick moves right it
was great and so then we would like
strategize that ok you need to go this
way I'm gonna go this way we'll take out
these guys as soon as we hear this run
to this location so we could do it
glorious times glorious glorious times
back before full adulthood and you know
responsibilities took over Jack the ant
bully yes yes all right let's see here
Alex says finally beat slay the spire as
all characters I feel like a weight has
been lifted my god
great game thanks for introducing me to
such a wonderful experience you know
what that is that's punking I'm still
waiting for that third character to get
out of beta I don't know if it has yet
slay the spiral yeah yeah nigga wait oh
yeah like I just wait for the full game
release at this point because you know I
got I got a good hours into it the
Midwood promising Dead Souls I'm looking
forward to that bang done
they they did announce that it's it's a
they are making it they're releasing it
for the switch as well like not just PC
it's gonna have a console release as
well so I assume that they're working
hard on it
is that a forced tile yeah cuz it says
forest
I get a little bit of cover in the
forest just a little bit just a little
bit but it's something yeah it's
something that's true I played the third
character once here on stream I haven't
had a chance to dive deep into it
because I'm just I'm just waiting for
you know when I played it there was
still the mspaint art assets on the
third character so we're uh I'm just
gonna wait a little bit for more work to
be done on that third character yeah
dead cells I'm looking forward to that
too I stopped playing that pretty early
because I knew I really wanted to play
dead cells don't say that's a great game
just a little I played of it yeah
chance chats give me shit for dying on
the tutorial I mean I'm not I'm not
gonna blame him for that that might not
be nice but I'm not complaining that's
fine it's fine
I also have it it's okay because I was
mean to dynasty warriors I mean I mean I
didn't say that that's something you
said but I didn't say that whether I
agree with it is completely irrelevant
I'm also not gonna talk too much shit
cuz I actually haven't made it all the
way through this part yet and so it's
very possible that I will die so I'm not
gonna talk too much shit yet we got a
valiant blood shot here who says Mass
Effect's had the same problem with its
ending as Battlestar Galactica a deus ex
machina and ding unresolved character
arcs and a retroactive downbeat ending
that ruins the first two games
I can never play them against a valley
employed shot as agreeing with you on
your mass effect they are ruin I I don't
know if if we can compare that to the
Battlestar Galactica ending Battlestar
Gallactica kind of just ended in a
fizzle and stay like it didn't retro
actively ruin the entire series it was
just kind of a it was just it ended in a
whimper not in a bang you know like man
all right it's done but it didn't retro
actively ruin the rest of the series
like which says Mass Effect
did what
Sartre
oh yeah this bar attention citizens of
Karuma dr6 this do you think we will
ever play Friday the 13th again oh
please think about you it's true the the
mood might strike us recently you know I
really never thought I'd replay a breath
of the wild again I gotten all my hours
in felt really happy about it and then
all of a sudden there it is couple you
know hundred into so extra hours
same with blood-borne you pick up what
you feel like something that has that's
something that I've definitely been
neglecting lately is overwatch and I
think I'm to a point where I'm not sure
if I if I'm gonna jump back on anytime
soon I think I've gotten all the hours
into overwatch I can do it oh yeah you
know I know it's just I don't care if I
if I want to go play like a multiplayer
game I've been going back to rocket
League it's like yeah I could get in a
couple of quick rocket League sections I
don't have I don't have over watching me
at the moment
es yoke says is it weird that I'm like
20-something hours into breath of the
wild and still feel like I'm totally at
the beginning yeah that seems right yeah
yeah you're just getting to some of the
good stuff now it's a long game but it's
it's a long good game gods ooh Titan I
don't know how to pronounce that
properly gone through tonight's doesn't
it-- gesundheit
you said gone I thought you're just
gonna say gonorrhea that's what was
coming out of my mouth gesundheit I'll
get it soon tight excuse me a third time
I'm not saying it anymore I just wanna
let you know that my sneeze is usually
coming through yeah I'm gonna happen I
just don't want people to think I'm
being rude like I said it twice a third
time is just obnoxious oh you know
that's someone who sneezes three times
I know broth 44 says is breath of the
wild worth buying an entire Nintendo
switchover you'd also get a Wii Wii U
yes right through the wild is also on
the Wii U so if you have a Wii U you
don't have to worry about that if you
don't have either it's a really amazing
game and the switch has a lot of games
to it now so yeah I think I think it's
it's worth it breath of the wild is an
amazing game switch seller if you don't
have a Wii U if you have away you just
play it on that
say something jack-high something jack
sister Jack hmm it's a spoon song you
ever listen to a spoon I didn't know
spoon was a bad spoons a band I had a
great album a few years ago called gimme
fiction really like like like chill
southern rock and roll out of Austin
okay really nice stuff thinking about
them for no particular reason no
particular reason just really dig spoon
how listener give me fiction a whole lot
so that was it
yeah fine yeah
and any thoughts on valve pulling visual
novels with some underwear shots being
pornographic but leaving The Witcher 3
alone considering that has full-on sex
scenes I I don't have many thoughts
about it I didn't hear about it it's
interesting should disgusting anime be
yanked from steam because it's
disgusting anime I mean I'm not gonna
complain but button you know it is a
double standard if they're leaving The
Witcher 3 alone isn't it I suppose
context is what matters here right and
so it's like what is it about these
games that make the eye I know nothing
about this situation I assume you know
nothing about this doll right what did
you said just interesting that's an
interesting thing why is it okay here or
not there I don't like double standards
uh-oh and I agree most people like
double standard nobody nobody likes
double standards and so that's why I
would be very curious as to what
criteria led them to pull those over
something like Witcher 3 just label it
but sure and let it be right of course
boom done
no that's that's where I stand on that
not knowing literally knowing nothing
else about it yeah yeah no and you know
like valve valve is try valve is going
through a period now where they are
really trying to take on more of a
curator role in their storefront fright
trying huh trying those last time they
made a game no not just being a
storefront being a curator in their
stores Oh like like caring what what
actually goes on there caring what goes
on there and more importantly caring
what games they show you because so many
people are dealing with the game clots
that valve wants to you know and really
focus in your storefront experience and
so maybe this is part of that there's a
lot of things that I don't know about
the situation yeah but double standards
are a bad thing it's a boom
boom I agree and while then pulling
visual novels doesn't affect me in any
way you know if that's your thing and
you're upset about it I hear you and I
support your right to be upset
oh how did we become such prunes
what do you mean as a nation Jack how
did we become such proves Puritans Total
Recall
when when two breasts weren't enough
just paper mache yeah why not man what
happened I think it's still out there
right r-rated movies were the norm now
the oh my god dimples are random is
making money what what happened I think
there's still weird shit out there don't
you think don't you think there's a
there's there's still weird gross shit
out there and like a mainstream
Hollywood movie I mean last year's Oscar
winner was literally about a lady who
wanted to fuck a fish monster the entire
movie was about a lady fucking of fish
monks and it won Best Picture at the
Oscars was it a sexy movie though what
do you mean was there nudity and fish
monster movie butts maybe some boobs I
forget but man all right you know they
were butts might have been a boob Tojo
and she's already had a move that's why
I'm having issues I'll shoot at someone
then or don't keen maybe clearly see
that thing that's right in front of you
at a range
all right I guess it's at a range uh so
yeah no I still think weird shits out
there I'm not I'm not worried I'm not
worried about lack of weird shit she
gets naked and masturbates in the
opening scene oh no I meant in when she
was fucking the fish not just her own
nudity
I thought rich was wondering if she gets
nude while fucking the fish because the
movie that won an Oscar for Best Picture
is about a lady who fucks a fish and
rich is worried about us not being weird
enough you know sometimes it is
sometimes it's just nice
yeah so in any case I'm trying to think
of it like we're well and now we have
the here the the other thing with with
the 80s bridge is we didn't have the
internet and so and so like I I think
there were there were some I think stuff
like Total Recall and Robocop were more
part of a bubble up of repression
because we we didn't have access to all
of the strange shit in the world but
nowadays you want to see some weird shit
you go to Google man you google some
weird ass shit and so we no longer have
that need four four four little bubbles
of repression popping up and giving us
the weird shit
you said tits and ass in PG movies well
that well that was was that pre pg-13
because there was a time when pg-13
wasn't a thing
ah firm ative affirmative for my damn
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo all right where we
go we got Valley blood shot again who
says you guys interested in the next
from software game
it's rumored to be the next installment
of tension the tension ninja series it's
been years since the last 10 shoe game
I'm interested to see what they do with
the series what the remind me what the
tension engine series it was filthy
ninja game okay I never really played
any of them so sorry
oh sure probably great I mean it's from
software yeah they kind of know they
have a good reputation yeah yeah they
got they got a lot of points to burn
they get they got a lot of good Klout
the old from software no-one says I was
wondering I was watching some vids on
casting the new MCU x-men and a funny
idea crossed my mind
comic Wolverine is short like five three
so for a Anti Jackman I thought peter
dinklage peter dinklage is a dwarf man
that's like that's that's way shorter
than five three so I don't think that
would work and Peter Dinklage is already
in the x-men universe he was in x-men
days of the Future past as
the inventor of the Sentinels what was
his name
senator or something he was he was
already in the x-men universe he's good
senator a guy guy Lee yeah that's
exactly who he was
Alexander guy guy Lee I think and to be
precise bolivar trask
is what they're saying Tom Cruise would
be an interesting choice as Wolverine
for his height but he would never he
would never allow himself to be a
terrible Wolverine oh he would be a
terrible Wolverine he also would never
allow himself to appear short on camera
oh I'm sure that's a contract
stipulation he is a very short man but
he always needs to have like platform
shoes on or be put on an Apple box
because he can never seem short
Scientology won't allow it
yes his ego won't allow it now they'll
they'll find someone fun they'll find a
couple more unknowns and it'll be great
a couple hungry young actors who want to
be part of a franchise who will give it
110 percent at least for the first
couple movies
Roger that
Roger that
it'll be fine it'll all be fine if
they're even working on an x-men movie
apparently one of the movies they are in
pre-production for right now is an
Inhumans movie yeah
which I've seen at least someone online
have an interesting speculation on
obviously this is pure speculation no
confirmation but what if Inhumans movie
yeah this is completely going to ignore
the the film TV show then oh god yeah oh
yeah
totally failed which totally took place
in the Marvel Universe it totally took
place in the Marvel Universe and tanked
so spectacularly everyone in the Marvel
Universe forgot about it everyone in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe just forgot it
happened everyone
Thanos wiped it out even agents of
shield forgot about it and people have
forgot about them years ago but one of
the one of the special thing agents of
shield just got renewed for a renewed
yes for another season I'm sure you're
telling me it got renewed no Eternals
thank you rich in anti-oxidants they're
working on an eternal move even though
the fuck they are the Eternals yeah not
many people do so here's the theory so
not Inhumans movies they are in
pre-production of an internals movie and
what if that is code for the x-men movie
they're actually working on while they
figure out the right Marvel working on
this yeah probably that would be the
most shocking thing in the world
Eternals is a code for x-men not
Inhumans sorry for confusing the to
which I thought that was an interesting
theory
speculation pure speculation but I could
see that them just like okay let's get
an x-men movie ready to go so as soon as
this merger goes through we're out the
gate with something it doesn't shut down
right
someone's just gonna say you've got too
much shit doesn't need a Venice someone
has to say it eventually right monopoly
laws have many anything in this country
for a while I know Reagan's thought of
that right and now someone's someone's
gonna well actually you by the way rich
you just made a joke and someone's gonna
well actually it was actually Jimmy
Carter rich to break up to break up
small peanut farmers because his brother
was the peanut farmer you see and and
it's all deep state stuff it's all deep
states deep state peanut farming stuff
man
Galactus is not quite an eternal that's
how powerful they are you thinking of
the Centennial's are they the same thing
the Eternals and the Centennial's I have
no idea look you know me I kind of check
out with the space god stuff that the
sentinels the x-men robots those I know
Centennial's the big giant cosmic guys
okay Celestials that's it soaring with
Celestials are they V Eternals I'm not
I'm not sure what our eternal is I don't
know either
I'm sure it's a thing in the comics
Mika's went on but oh sorry I gotta get
her to the mission zones
oh yeah could you do that could you get
her to the missions over
acknowledged
all right we got an immaculate exception
who says an online community of film
restorers has released a 4k scan of the
original Technicolor prints of Star Wars
oh you got really excited until you
heard that yeah
Disney is fully aware of this community
and has said it will never release the
original Phil the originals thoughts on
this and would you want it can send to
you I don't know I don't know at this
point maybe I am so sick of Star Wars
right I don't know when I would ever
plan on watching Star Wars again like
I'm trying to think of like maybe the
next time I feel like sitting down to
watch a new hope like oh yeah I would
want like the despecialized version or
whatever but there are already like 18
different D specialized cuts that you
can find in different download sites
yeah
maybe a 4k restoration of an original
technical it might be neat but I don't
know man
and I was gonna shoot it gonna rip oh
yeah y'all see this is America do you
see that you don't care about it I've
seen it it's neat huh videos in a video
yeah yeah it's cool it's cool video
ma'am
I'm surprised you saw not not being a
fan of the hip somebody asked me to
watch it oh yeah I don't get it but it
was neat well it's pretty pretty
self-evident but that's fine that's fine
we don't need to get to divas I just
thought it was neat I thought it was
neat and I think as a rapper childish
gambino this won't mean anything to you
know as a rapper I've never kind of been
into childish gambino I think he's had a
long way to go and this is the first
song even outside of the video where I
think he's actually grown
as a musician where I was like oh yeah
this is an interesting style some some
cool rhymes he's trying to you know a
little message behind it so I think he's
growing as a musician which is very nice
yeah the message of the video is not
really subtle as you know he dances and
distracts you from the horrible things
happening in the background which is
good it's great it's great video Oh was
that your pod oh you eject him from the
robot but the princess didn't as far as
we know no no no considering we saw her
at the beginning of the game talking
about things that happened which is this
she's almost certainly dead oh is that
true yeah she's in the beginning this is
a flashback oh is it
yeah all right and pick up on that you
talked about how you helped her get a
throne back
oh really yeah oh sure in the intro I
watched it I definitely watched it but I
did not pay attention to that and I'm
very sorry dialogue quickly him but call
me maybe sinks it okay by the way I am
I'm a fish I've been sick of this since
they started sinking call me maybe with
every song have you ever seen those
where they do mashups with carly Rae
Jepsen's call me maybe with like every
other song oh or it's like Smash Mouth
all-star but instead of the lyrics it's
call me maybe
right okay it like this has been a thing
everyone does it and everyone thinks
it's hilarious yes and most recently
with this is America they put they just
took out all the music and had the video
play along with call me maybe and it
syncs up pretty well I think I saw a
little of that like eerily well you go
that's cute but I've always been sick of
this particular meme or joke because the
reason that call me maybe
be mixed with everything is because it's
such a nothing song it's such a simple
song it's its water water hey you are
you calling this very important song
about the black experience in America
I'm noting song Jack no I'm calling call
me maybe in nothing so I'll call me
maybe
good I don't know the names of these
things but I haven't I have been really
I've been going through the video a
little bit to try to figure out just
just for my own purposes how for anyone
who's seen the this is America video you
know it starts with with with Childish
Gambino's back facing the camera and
then he turns around and he pulls a gun
out from behind his back and so i've
been trying to figure out how they did
that shot in post did they cover up the
gun did they somehow sneak in the gun
while he was dancing to the first shot
like I want to fit I want to
reverse-engineer how they did that bad
camera trick I don't remember the
specifics in the video so you know the
video starts with a guy playing the
guitar then the can't the camera pulls
in pushes in the camera pushes in on
childish gambino
and we see his back and he's not wearing
a shirt right then he then turns around
goes to the guy with the guitar reaches
behind him and pulls a gun okay out of
his back that wasn't there yeah but he
was turn around and we saw there wasn't
a gun and we saw there wasn't a gun and
it's one shot there's no edit and so
either they digitally covered up the gun
and then he turned or someone somehow
snuck the gun in there computers have
ruined filmmaking because these things
aren't funny how did they do that on a
computer did it it could it could be the
computer did it it might be but here's
the thing rich as someone who does
motion tracking and that kind of stuff I
want to know how the computer did it
like oh like you know did they get a
clean plate of his shirtless back and
put that in like yeah it's neat you know
the whole thing wasn't one big long tank
I thought it was gonna be it had a few
long tapes but I've been waiting for it
to be one unbroken and then I was gonna
be super-impressed
yeah that would have been very
impressive there were a few very long
takes which were nice but he did how did
he dance like that without wearing a
belt that's that's just pure talent
that's just Talent or the gun was
digitally and say another possibilities
the gun was digitally inserted but it
seemed to have weight to it because he
then handed the gun off generally
speaking the rule of thumb is it's
easier to erase something in a frame
than it is to put it in you know if you
erase the gun for just a little bit then
he has a real prop he can interact with
but if it's a fake if it's a digital
prop then how do you make sure the
movements are right in any case eat
stuff fucking hate the long take it's a
dick measuring contest that can make
your movie worse I don't know that I
agree with that
it could certainly make a music video
epic ascension millennium was that it
ascension millennium I'm over the okay
go on the Rube Goldberg that is that has
an edit in it though doesn't it has like
to edit oh yeah oh yeah but even even
their first their treadmill one is one
that was the first big one right but I
guess it's a it's less of a dick
measuring competition than it is look at
the neat thing I made it's more of a
dick building company
what if you build a big dick it's okay
to show it off my metaphor works rich
I'm not I'm not touching that one my
metaphor works with any pole even a pole
you build yeah even a big exacto my
metaphor totally works zero amount of
poles
you support my metaphor thank you I
appreciate that and Van Doug no its foot
like it's fun that's the crappy fucking
building oh stop a bitch
you can't shoot the building I'm not
afraid oh okay what happened to shoot
the building it knocks all the turrets
oh okay
son of a bitch sumbitch and you know you
think about it you think about movies
like um do you ever see children of men
I haven't seen it I know about it
fantastic movie that is filled with
these incredibly long one-shot takes
really in your hands one shot takes a
you know and and they're you know they
kind of use the one shot to help build
the tension of the scene just like the
unbroken driving tension of each scene
and and it adds to the movie and so I
don't I wouldn't consider that a
dick-measuring competition I'd consider
that adding to the movie beautiful a
beautiful beautiful movie
so so you know it's it's it's a thing if
if it doesn't add to the scene and if
it's showing off while they're supposed
to be giving a narrative sorry Mike
McCord keeps unplugging then sure are
you feeling feeling okay
I would have liked to have destroyed
that building clearing yeah yeah Sarah
if you consider that failing I do you
failed
you're a dick yeah sometimes I'm okay
with that yeah I can't complain I
learned it from you and you know do be
sandwich has an interesting point as far
as the long take is concerned yeah where
it is in general long takes are an
easier feat nowadays oh yeah this is
digital listen anything yeah I get it
well you know cameras are lighter you're
not worrying about wasting film stock
because you know just it's just memory
card space yeah I don't do it and you
can watch it right away to see if you
did it right you know there was no
playback on film on film cameras there
was no digital stabilization
lame-ass oh my god now he's got that
kids get high evasion so I'm not shocked
but sure which movie we were talking
about children of men and the long takes
in that it's it's not a movie full it's
not a movie that is one shot it's just a
movie that has certain scenes in which
are incredibly long one shot takes like
the Birdman faked but yeah yeah like the
Birdman except for things actually
happen in children of men Birdman is an
interesting movie but you know it's just
it's a lot of just people talking and
walking down hallways there's there's
actual you know blocking choreography
and not choreography they sent some
distaste for Birdman it was interesting
I liked a lot of it and didn't like some
of it even hey where the fuck you want
oh shit it's it's like it was fine it
was intra and interesting I thought a
lot of it was a little pretentious
though though I did love the score the
drum only score of Birdman woo fuck did
you just punch him to death
headshot lethal damage yes nice nice job
let me know I don't think it'll let me
salvage her shit name doesn't really
start until after this mission Jack okay
that's good to know that's good to know
speaking of Birdman did you see that
Harvey Birdman attorney at law is
getting a reboot or a sequel or a
continuation wasn't Colbert or one of
the major voices on there yes
is he doing it or Colbert's coming back
as that character who is now president
yep
and it's gonna be great Harvey Birdman
attorney at law was a great show a great
show you think it's only one episode no
I want it to be back forever
or maybe just Colbert oh just back for
one episode
oh sure maybe maybe I don't see how we
could possibly have time for that I know
he's a busy man but man I loved me some
Harvey Birdman habeas corpus ha Birdman
great stuff great stuff no it's just a
special oh I'll take it I'll take it
I'll take any Harvey Birdman I can get
that's fine Bing bring back
BRAC yes yes I just dumped later dumped
yeah don't died don't do died Godslayer
miss cute yes did I did we get that
thing there's a lot of boxes next to me
I don't know if we got the specific
thing you sent whatever thing you sent
but oh yeah I haven't I've been busy
with something else behind the scenes
right and I haven't really I picked up
the mail but I haven't gotten around to
going through it yet they're directly
next to me are several very large boxes
as compared to VHS tapes they're larger
they're considerably larger than via set
VHS tape size mm-hmm
not a new gimmick something you'll never
notice the audience it's something a few
of you will notice because I've read the
YouTube comments but ya know nothing
nothing big nothing big it's not like a
wheel device or anything it's just that
you know something practical yeah
rich is finally after years removing
that a hornet's nest by the way it's
been bothering us for a long time and
finally just some why don't you get rid
of it but we're all afraid of the
Hornets and so rich has a plan to starve
them out it's very complicated it
involves lacing food with high fiber
content hoping that the bees Jackie baby
I heard just riffing man just doing the
doing the old riff doing the old riff I
heard about the toys-r-us auctioning off
their web domains okay apparently
toys-r-us yeah
they got ahead of the curve and they
just took out a whole bunch of domain
names something R Us oh okay like sex
toys r us adult toys are all these
different are us sure now they're going
out of business things are all being
auctioned off now and there's like
there's like one sex shop in particular
that has been waiting one years yeah I
am ready it's finally time for dildos
are us to reach the top of our game we
just we just needed this domain I
thought that was music I heard that is
the other day that is amusing
I've reached a point where we're like I
realized how much I'm going to miss Toys
R Us as we had a birthday party to go to
over the weekend and and we needed to
you know yeah you got to buy a toy for a
birthday party so you know like kind of
we always do we go to the local you know
Target and look for toys there but you
know targets not necessarily a toy store
so they don't have a large selection and
we didn't really find a thing that we
were interested in something that we
were looking for and so then I went and
it was too late for like an Amazon
shipment because like the party was
coming up if I would have thought ahead
of time you know but it hit that point
where is like oh my god I could really
use just a standalone toy store right
now to look for one specific thing oh
shit
and so we kind of ended up you know we
found something good but not exactly
what we were looking for our IP Toys R
Us we were toys dot-com and the cat's in
the cradle and the silver spoon
had my has my opinion on infinity war
changed on my second watch that's it's
maybe even doubt a little bit I still
think it's overall a very cute movie and
it's a lot of it's it is a lot of fun I
continue to think that there are certain
sequences that were payoffs lacking an
appropriate amount of setup and I would
have I still think it's a very
fast-moving movie these aren't the worst
complaints in the world that doesn't
make it a terrible movie it's a lot of
fun there's some really fun moments in
it but yeah you know it's not it's not
perfect I stick with my a it ain't
perfect
what is Jack Iron Man 3 you know what I
do think that's cute I it's comic books
it's it that doesn't faze me I know it's
not gonna last I knew it wasn't gonna
last so it doesn't nothing faze me it's
good feels good it's cute
nope what I can't try get a line of
sight from behind on this guy no can I
get a website from here can you turn
enough yeah the red lines on them okay
was kind of disguised and all the the
orange colors everywhere there's the
screen there's some visual clutter if
you will
yeah yeah yeah yeah Jack is so looking
forward to the predator I'd like shame
black that he makes good movies no I'm
gonna be out was that a sprint no rotate
your camera around so he's in front of
you
do you not oh so much should that red
line huh do you see that rich that was
the red line for his Jarrod yeah well
fuck me not the red line for your so my
god that sucks
I'm so sorry rich I I confirmed that
that was partly my fault and I'm very
sorry that's all right
oh no that I mean yeah that was that was
just some visual clutter there mmm yes
the red line was his label if you if you
so if you see here frame is if you could
zoom in for a second rich and just show
people who might not be aware the red
line shows that you're you have a line
of sight to the enemy but that slightly
thinner red line over his health bar
over his health bar is just his
character is something pointing to his
character and we confuse the two that's
a little clutter 'full but you know
whoopsy dupes
whoopsy dupes it's all it's all fine
yeah it'll be fine yeah it'll be fine
would you guys eat a bloomin onion if it
was in front of you right now what the
fuck's a bloomin onion it's a whole
onion that they put like a little
shredder on to make it look like this
and then they deep-fry the whole thing
that sounds like a bit much I I don't
much care for onion rings I don't much
care opinion rings but a whole onion
fried seems like a bit much well it's a
it's a party platter it's like to share
with the whole table right right so I'm
not a big fan why no no
it's a huge fry done yes it's it's it's
just a job it's a whole onion kind of
sliced on it's on it's on its butt and
deep fried
and it comes with a sauce I never
understood I never understood onion
rings deep fried onions it's just - it's
just you know just an onion with with
bread on it man I never I never got that
I was never into them
well why not have a french fry I don't
know why not have a potato in this
situation onion makes no sense
all right makes sense if you go to like
five guys because the fries are awful
but they don't have onion rings oh wait
you have to get their shitty fries but
it make sense of like oh the fries are
bad you get the onion rings how's it
burg ER King you get the onion rings oh
I like Burger King fries yeah I'm down
with them I'm down with them don't
forget to buy you I do need some eggs
thank you yes I'm back on the diet you
know for like a third time but I have a
goal this time I have a family wedding
at the end of at the end of the summer
and I only have one nice suit and I need
to fit into my nice suit that's my
that's so I actually need to lose weight
or spend money on a new suit and I don't
like to spend money so I'm back on diet
full bore and so far so good
down down a few pounds already which is
nice eggs yes many eggs
I just yeah like onion rings it just
sounds just just big onion with bread
over and I don't get it I like cooking
with onions like potatoes french fries
just potatoes that have it fried yeah
but I got it a potatoes delicious onion
rings you're good man that's just Tommy
that's just that's just a me that's fine
okay great
Jack can you make a public service
announcement about not working for free
when making consumable media the
director of Deadpool one worked for
cheap to get the movie made then they
fired him because he asked for more
money on to I can make a public service
announcement but then you might get
fired and then you'll get no money I
mean there there's some shitty things
that happens to get our movies made
sometimes I know they're there every
once in a while there is a big vocal
uproar in the in the cg community
because you know that like 300 people
that made your big blockbuster movie
have all that amazing amazing effects
got paid
you know pennies on the dollar right and
sometimes you know we're really shitty
to the people that help make our movies
and that's why organized labor and unit
unionization in the arts is really
important should watch me eat better I'm
not paying enough attention yeah it's
all you know what it's all fine it is
you're doing it you're still doing it
why does nothing have line of sight on
the building Oh sprint a hospital more
like three you're right more like 3000
you're absolutely right there are 3,000
people that do all the CG work in movies
now it's just 300 that do the roto work
for the post stereoscopic stereoscopic
3d button but you know I don't know
nothing about this Deadpool thing so I
can't speak to it first Deadpool is
alright and haven't seen a second one
it's probably all right to all kinds of
all kinds of dumb Jack I'm not watching
my heat at all and it should should you
should watch her heat yeah watch it
Hollywood is about to send a thug to
teach Jack a lesson if he keeps talking
about unions oh I knows that they won't
send anyone to Milwaukee come on they
already Union oh it's already oh and I'm
that not post yeah nevermind that's
weird isn't it it is it is weird it's
because there it's and you know like
part of it is the post houses fault too
because there's a thousand different
tiny post house post houses that are all
you know chomping at the bit to get a
little bit more work and so you you
don't want to be the people that start
throwing down the hammer knowing that
there's 80 million other post houses
willing to take up that work right
like in the very depressing if we've
talked about Lindsay Alice's videos here
before she she does a really good series
on The Hobbit movies and apparently The
Hobbit movies were devastating to local
New Zealand unions they actually rewrote
laws in New Zealand to bust up the
unions so that big movies could film
there without worrying about paying
their actors too much money Wow yes it
was like a huge deal that that was
devastating to to local actors and so
even though huge blockbuster movies are
filmed in New Zealand all the time the
local acting community sees very little
benefit from it because of laws that
were made there that was that was her
third video in a two-part series about
The Hobbit which is great and greatly
clever but but then you know that's
that's the problem is it's the same with
post workers except for you know post
workers are also like under an
incredible amount of strain they're
doing a ton of work working overtime
overextending themselves and not getting
paid very much to do it I also happen to
know many people who work in post and so
I'm a little more sensitive to that or
it's just like ah these people these
people are working
it's a lot more awkward to control the
camera with your mouse than it is an X
come I agree I find I agree I I do let
you know WASD are that are the the arrow
keys to actually move your camera
rotating your camera is very difficult
and I was generally surprised there was
no controller option for as simple of
controls is there I don't I don't think
there's a console release of this I
could be wrong okay
I don't know oh no I've never seen The
Hobbit films I just watched her videos
on them because I mean I knew I was
never gonna watch him she made some she
made some very valid
she helped reinforce some of my ideas of
why I didn't want to watch them in the
first place and I was just glad to watch
her videos on because they were very
insightful but no I've never seen The
Hobbit movies I don't care to watch The
Hobbit movies even though I'm a huge
Lord of the Rings movies fan to be fair
to this game chat I haven't even gotten
to the good part of the damn game yet
you haven't gotten to the game game yet
I haven't gotten to them run your
mercenary business part of the game yet
they're saying they are not going to
port two consoles okay
well that's fair I'd still like a
controller option like for just for
camera movement just to have a joystick
to move that camera around would be nice
I could see where it'd be different
enough where it'd be a lot more work for
them oh sure
no it's not it's by the way it's not a
deal-breaker for me having to use you
know you use so little keys it's not a
problem for me
I've kaleidoscopic wants to know if if
I'd be interested in seeing the one of
the Hobbit movie edits where fans have
taken all three Hobbit movies and hacked
them down into one kind of cohesive
Hobbit and still I don't think I'd be
interested I just I just don't care that
much it's a short book too wasn't it
yeah and it's like it was a more kid
oriented book and you know light lighter
hearted and completely different
apparently and you know this is me only
going off of Lindsay's videos but
apparently the the original tone of the
of The Hobbit movie was supposed to be
lighter hearted and and instead of Peter
Jackson it was Guillermo del Toro that
was going to run them yeah and you know
he had this whole like light-hearted out
you know it's just a kid's adventure
with dragons and orcs ha ha
perfect perfect Guillermo del Toro fun
and and then you know Studios started
poking their nose and it said man it'd
be great if it looked like Lord of the
Rings be great if it had that tone huh
but if it was another trilogy you think
we could do that you're gonna do to me
book was great I don't know how they
fucked it up because because people who
shouldn't have been making the decisions
were making the decisions what if I
don't know what if some people from Lord
of the Rings showed up to say hi people
sure love Legolas what if he's in there
I don't know he falls in love with an
elf or something it'd be great don't you
think that'd be cool don't you think
that because I'm sorry jack there's
nothing I can do no to make the hobbits
better nothing I can do
why not rich because movies why can't
you use your massive sway in a Hollywood
and to go back in time and make a better
Hobbit movie it's a this is all very
fresh to me because I've been rewatching
the Lord of the Rings with my kids the
extended editions and absolutely falling
in love with them again
I really love the Lord of the Rings
movies the brilliant this is the first
technically our first mercenary mission
but we didn't get paid because we got
double-crossed and then the game then
the game starts it's been three years
since the the tutorial oh and that's
what they call it the Battle of to tour
battle of to tour yeah and the e rail
system yeah we know are in charge of
this little mercenary business okay
there's some reason the mercenaries that
saved us made us their captain in three
years I guess we're really really
impressive to them great yeah yeah you
handle it great you handle it great
Jack trigger joys yes I have all three
extended versions of Lord of the Rings
in fact I don't have the theatrical
versions I only have the extended
versions and those are the versions i
rewatch and those are the versions we
are currently watching with our kids who
are loving them we're about to get or
buy and and we're just about to get into
Return of the King and if you remember
well you haven't seen the extent
editions and I don't know if this was in
the theatrical editions but there's a
point Return of the King where they
literally fall down a mountain of skulls
and it's awesome they're they're like
Boo Berry slippin and Pratt falling down
a mountain of skulls when did that come
up Return of the King well I guess that
would've been in the book the mountain
of skulls probably okay probably that
it's been ages since I've read the books
I don't remember what was all in the
book I was a web comic ace to read
that's lucky freelance there was a story
art that had a mountain of skulls Wow oh
sure but not not before the book knows
rich hasn't technically been playing the
tutorial for the past three hours rich
has been dealing with a game that's been
crashing for the past all right we have
one eyelid generally fucked up and I
failed the tutorial like a moron yeah
and then two other times we crashed and
the game wasn't letting me save during
the tutorial so I had to do the whole
tutorial over again yeah until it would
crash well they go now what's the
tutorial at home no crashes right
whatsoever so it could be an issue where
it just doesn't like the fact that we're
streaming it doesn't like sharing the
processor yes that could be a thing we
did no no we lowered the graphics
setting and so far knock on cardboard we
have not had any problem yeah
for those joining us late I went into it
a little bit earlier my D&D; night we had
our D&D; night actually barreled into a
D&D; morning because we couldn't finish
the campaign in one night it was a total
about five hours the kids are in love
with Dungeons and Dragons
I am super in love with Dungeons and
Dragons we all had a great time many
laughs were had many ridiculous moments
you know it's it's I'm sure anyone who's
ever played D&D; as a dungeon master
knows like there were so many little
things that I had set up that were then
completely ignored which was very
annoying to me like I had these all
these else I own it if they go here and
do this thing oh we gotta lead him into
here and do this thing and it just
barreled a completely different
direction
comparing a ton of work that I did but
overall I had a great time I actually I
would really love now to be just a
player yeah and see how that goes but
DMing was really great and we have a few
friends who are kind of into the idea
and and so I'm gonna write up another
short campaign as an introduction to
some friends who also have kids and you
know do like maybe like a family D&D;
nyla come we'll play some D and D and if
21:21 thousand Siebels to repair that
one back what's the damage here twenty
one thousand re that's that's kind of
just the going rate for repair of 1500
that's not bad I could deal with that
yeah yeah I don't get D&D; and tabletop
games what how long we out of
Commissioner 18 16 days yeah yeah I see
what you're saying now you're said like
it's weeks in between time man yeah yeah
yeah oh my take see here's the thing
like if I travel to another system your
prayers might be done before I get there
and that's that's nice okay they not
lose then you're not really losing any
time you're not twiddling your thumbs
twiddling my thumbs burning money yeah
my crew wants to get paid jack mm-hmm
need money to run the ship and the bank
the bank's want their loans yeah yeah
yeah all right my command center that's
uh it's only one available right now but
here's a contract I can take okay and
you got to negotiate it's like you know
payment if you want more payment they're
not gonna give you as much Salvage okay
but if I bring both these down my
reputation with these people that just
goes up sure I see what you're saying
yeah you need a little Salvage I shall
they did this in the original
MechWarrior when you did contracts there
you actually got the type in your own
number read and then they they you try
to get you to meet in the middle
say no that's outlandish then you get
their offer well then I'd put it less
money but I want that well the more
scrap yeah it felt more like a
negotiation than a slider bar like more
tech time yeah yeah yeah more
involvement sure sure I'm with you but
it's the same basic thing yeah yeah just
streamlined in the organization yeah
what is the one out of six means oh oh
uh priority scrap versus just randomized
scrap okay that smaller number those are
the bits after the battle I get to
choose two of whatever the fuck I
oh okay okay and you know like a mech I
blew up yeah I guess it's like the torso
that's sitting there
I left a torso all right I like it and
then the ten is ten random and then yeah
then the the other people I'm working
with they take whatever they want they
give me you know eight other things
right here's what we're willing to give
you okay - you get to pick so you get a
total of ten you get a total of ten
scraps got you but two of them you get
to pick and then the rest of whatever
they whatever they want to give you the
leftovers leftovers the scrap scrap yeah
okay cool that's good to know Salvage is
good but I don't know that I'm gonna be
getting good scrap in these early
missions anyway so I'm willing to I'm
willing to kick it down sure for money
no bonus rep but decent money I'm with
you
I am with you so for the person who's
saying like you don't understand D&D; in
tabletop games what what I'll say is you
know if you remember our playthroughs of
of any text adventure games rich this is
something you were talking about with
like typing in what you wanted is is
almost there was a world of possibility
yes like I can type in anything yeah it
might not do anything but what if it
does right I was always fascinated by
those games because you could try to do
anything exactly and and you know the
other part of our playthroughs of those
games was how we would just decide like
oh these two characters are this and
we're just gonna go off on a little
tangent a little funny tangent and have
a good time while the game pauses for a
second and to me those were the best
parts of my D&D; night we're like you
know Lisa would say wait can I do this
let's find out and you know it was just
like the whir of the entire world yeah
yeah and so and you have like the game
dev right in front of you who can just
start making notes and say yeah yeah oh
yeah you can do that of course cuz it's
all imagination you know there's no code
to write it's just me having to figure
out what number represents one and so
like the world is your oyster and you
get those comedy bits that keep popping
up throughout the night because you made
a dumb mistake and you get incredibly
tense moments like there was there's
this one part of my dungeon where I had
a bridge out and I've made sure like to
give them some rope and and they had a
simple moves and arrows with it yeah and
you know I said I said oh you know
there's a wooden beam above you and
there's this bridge that's too large to
jump and blah blah you know kind of
hoping that they would shoot the rope at
the beam and maybe swing across I am and
they go well what's what's the the other
side made of and I said well it's is
part of a broken wooden bridge and this
isn't said okay well I'm gonna shoot my
arrow at the broken wooden bridge and
climb across and I said okay okay and
and and the other guy said I'll hold on
to the rope while he climbs across like
they didn't anchor the other side of the
rope I'm going
hold on to it so I said okay and so then
as soon as one kid got on the rope I
said roll for strength and you and hero
for strength and didn't have a high
number so I said your character starts
slipping and it just turned into this
whole thing of like now they have to
roll for dexterity and strength to see
if they fall into a pit of nothing I was
generous like you know like he the one
who's holding on to the Rope had a
couple load X arrow so oh you're
slipping oh yeah yeah he almost got down
to the end finally rolled as he said oh
yeah held on you made it just just at
the edge of the road I was generous you
don't want your character to die you
know if they did die like maybe I'd have
to like quick draw up a basement part
that me no let you work with it but but
so you know the the joy of a game like
that is just finding the little bits of
moments that you never would have
planned for and it was really great oh
you're getting shaken down or you shaken
down by the bank they wants to
renegotiate my what do I do - I sweep
top sweet-talked the banks do I ignore
the messages or do I educate the bank's
about their mistakes oh it's not in
person it's a communication thing
they're called they basically they space
called me you're on the the Leopards
bridge with Sumi yang and delirious for
the daily staff reading we received
three messages from the bank's loan
sharks from the people who are financing
chat wants educate they're considering
rewriting the terms of our loan so it'll
be easier to seize the ships I mean what
hat is click it let's see what happens
all right no no one um I'll deal with it
you say it later you record a response
in it you sternly
remind your lien holders that has
financial institutions operating on
Detroit 3 that's the name of the planet
they must abide by local contract law
you even cite the the relevant relevant
sections of legal code from memory so by
the way you're not intimidating them
you're you're smarting that yes you're
pointing out sections of bylaws oh
that's weak I guess I'm literally
educating them I thought educate was a
was a euphemism for I didn't - I'm
pretty sure this isn't here as a joke I
didn't i sweet-talked them last time ok
I'm gonna educate you let me show you my
book yeah yeah I got this event before I
just we talked
yeah then you point out as you've kept
records of all payments and
correspondence concerning the loans you
will be able to demonstrate in court
that their proposed revisions to the
agreed-upon terms would represent such a
gross violation of the law that you
would suddenly be awarded a second
dropship at the bank's expense once the
cameras off sir me sir my or a your your
your your navigator says there's no way
they'd push you on this too bad I'd like
to see the loan sharks grovel
that's cute your company is game the
following tags loan status fare whatever
that means
everything's fair now I want to know
what ignore does right and that's cute
yeah that's cute oh look at your ship
yeah
that's adorable little box ship that you
know what that kind of looks like a
piece of junk mercenary ship yeah
doesn't need to be fancy there ain't no
ain't no aerodynamics in space man just
for buy a box man box with wings oh I
have a contract I'm not gonna have fully
functional robots look fork days from
now I wonder if I'll get in trouble for
not doing the contract soon enough I
wonder he got away
all right good okay so now you have your
max all right we launched this week so
we can't wait a few days before okay
we're in violation of the contract beer
back
how's it going rich I'm doing fine
that's doing terrible in this game
earlier cuz I kept crashing I love you
to chat I love you too
blinky way I didn't know that apparently
the game defaults to lower arm room and
I can go to the MEC Bay and increase my
armor I didn't I did not know that that
seems weird
this game is pre clan invasion which is
just fine by me just fine by me
this game takes place before the client
invasion which is fine because the clans
are overpowered and I want to have fun
running my mercenary business not not
getting my ass kicked by overpowered
warrior race cults
favorite MEK in the series oh god I
don't even remember the name of it at
this point my favorite was one of the
one of the chicken walkers that just had
the big rocket launchers in either side
just visually I always thought that was
a neat chicken Walker
yeah like the inverted killer legs oh
sure yeah I get you I don't need you
anymore
80s teas yeah although he is like
chicken legs too yeah I was like bigger
though bigger fatter okay
big giant missile launchers catapult
that's it yeah all right Davey D no
people says Jack what's III plans you
guys going to stream the presentation
can't wait for games that look
uninteresting but turn out to be great
like God of War or doom PS what if
ant-man's kid infinity war spoiler I
think they're gonna they're gonna skirt
around this whole infinity war thing
this is gonna take place before it or
one die I don't I don't know it'll
probably take place before though I
don't know I'd find it really
interesting cuz it was during right yeah
they'd be crazy here's my official
prediction this takes place before
infinity war and a post-credits scene
yeah will show us something yep
how about that that's my official
prediction though it would be neat if
this did take place during the aftermath
and that's kind of why he got a little
leniency because the cops are so busy
dealing with this that they don't have
time to deal with this felon on house
arrest it's like what we can't ever half
the people are dead man
spoiler alert sorry
I know it's a spoiler alert I also know
it's based off of a very old comic book
but it's it's and we're done me where
were weeks out now so I'm gonna be okay
they did they had they had a throwaway
line about Hawkeye and ant-man in
infinity war saying that ant-man was on
house arrest and wanted to spend time
with his family so he wasn't coming to
the infinity war ant-man can you come to
the infinity war no I can't man no I
can't man
my house wrist that's fair that's fair
dude I mean you know it's just all the
fucking civilizations in the galaxy
Scott it was kind of a last-minute thing
a very short notice for the infinity war
that's the whole thing about being a
superhero no it does do villains ever
give you an invitation to their evil
play oh you got an invitation last time
really ant-man he did did he cuz
remember oh you haven't seen any yeah go
ahead man now in in ant-man they're
they're trying to steal a copycat
ant-man suit that the evil guy is making
and and like literally it's like a gala
so they do have an invite to the event
that they are hoisting the suit from
yeah it means not bad it's not a bad
movie you know a man named is cute it's
a cute movie I'm looking I'm looking
forward to two more - uh - more ant-man
the action the action sequences in that
man were really interesting they had a
lot of fun with you know tiny big tiny
big stuff okay a lot of a lot of neat
little setups
he's sort of got any invites what do you
mean he got an invite to civil he sorta
got any invites a civil war he was in
civil war I'm a member I'm a member I am
looking forward to or more ant-man
ant-man away s it's gonna be fun oh oh
yeah you asked about e3 I'm sorry that
old tip was about e3 I don't care I just
don't I care more about ant-man and wasp
than I do about e3 I don't never matters
it never ever matters we'll probably do
a similar thing that we did last year
just watch it on stream after the fact
we'll we'll make a list of all the
trailers we need to watch we'll do a
whole stream where we talk about all the
shit and that'll be the stream and
Brighton I mean we have some fun with
that last year I think yeah and that's
probably what we'll do this year we'll
wait till all the the big ones are over
and then watch some trailers get I think
last year we got 13 copyright strikes
and so you know what let's go let's go
for broke let's go for 14 this year not
as much as our Tony Hawk stream that's
been our most amount of copyright
strikes music was all the music on the
Tony Hawk stream that got us a ton
are you any completely whiffed
how embarrassing the bus
hey def stranding is going to have
gameplay this yeah hey by the way much
like his other games it might be
brilliant man mine and my his gameplay
has been good the question is how much
how much of his story can you stomach to
get to the next bit of gameplay
death stranding has twins giving a
thumbs up then one twin eats the other
seem exactly I love it
hello it it'll be fine no I will see the
same shit we'll see they'll show us some
more spider-man footage and they'll show
us a little more def stranding and
they'll show us a little bit more of a
rage 2 and is all same all same
everything's the same and then though
though maybe they'll give us a glimpse
at the new smash force which it's just
us two mechs oh that was super easy
super easy mission there just to mix
yeah yeah oh my god not complaining but
damaged that's finding yeah how did you
get damaged fucking Vindicator like we
told them not to use that name it's lame
it's brought him nothing but bad luck
what if I want but you won't I'm gonna
take part of him back here's the thing
for scrap you could take part of him
mech but you need three parts of anyone
back to put it together to make a whole
back you need three separate parts like
you need a body arms like what doesn't
say just says partial mech selvedge oh
okay and he had three parts that makes a
full mech and then it can't does it like
do a like a dice roll - what mecha get
or can you it's what you blow up this is
self adjusts after the battle you get to
pick from what blew up whoa okay that
has good heat so if I like I had I had I
had a situation that came up last night
yeah this is what I was disappointed
when I found out I couldn't customise
this mech how I wanted this would piss
me off but I got a good mech I just got
a critical hit I just headshot
yeah and the mech died the body was
intact and so when I went to the salvage
all three chunks were available for me
to take and I had a salvage contract
that let me take three chunks so I got
the full map yeah headshot nice and then
I couldn't attach the weapons I wanted
to it because the game ruin
customization
that that mech has really good heat
efficiency is what I will say and so is
that it is that really important what
why will you say that if you're looking
if you want that mech part oh and why
are you saying it has good oh they're
right because it has a really good heat
efficiency that's nice I don't know if
that's a that's important to you I'm
basically what I'm what I'm doing is
here's gonna do murmurs I'm floating by
kind of where I would go to see if
that's the right call take it at this
point I'd probably just take some
weaponry okay that's fair that's fine
oh okay I got the parts anyway no oh my
god let's see here Mead Wynn says hey
there plebs don't know if you recall but
it was me who went on about sorcery a
good while ago a good while back I sent
off a code to you guys I wanted to check
that you received it and if it worked
it's good morning from Sweden by the way
we might have and then I might have
forgotten about it yeah so we might have
I'm sorry if I had forgotten about it
sometimes that happens
I know dealing with our email Empire
rich it's it's a burden that I sometimes
fail em but I will see I'll look back at
my emails we might have gotten it I
think I do remember you're may emailed
us so I'm sorry if I didn't activate
that code I think I think we're good for
the night okay I'm sorry
we had so much trouble with the game
crashing halfway through the tutorial
and that we did not get very deep into
this game I apologize for that you
apologize for the game for the game okay
every I didn't I could have just gotten
through it early but I just fucked up I
just fucked up and I lost him back and I
couldn't complete the tutorial mission
that's your fault it wouldn't let me
lose him back that's your fault
absolutely cuz I thought I fucked up but
the letter next two times after that
totally the game's fault
absolutely
but we did not get very deep into the
game and I apologize we have one more
tip here then are we gonna play more
that wizard game on the stream I don't
know maybe not
it's a fun game that's why I just said
me play alone game okay here's our last
tip which is hey y'all just beat breath
of the wild on normal and clocked in 140
plus hours on my first playthrough yeah
yeah still still have the Zelda edge so
I'm playing it on master mode also
played pachinko for the first time this
week at anime central any of you tried
pachinko machine basically right but it
has little balls
it's like pinball you do much all just
random I don't either no idea I have no
idea but breath of the wild yes
absolutely
140 hours plus you can play that game
again and it's completely different good
luck on master mode yes good luck by the
way but I am super great renames then
we're caught up with tips we are caught
up with tips we are ready to read names
because now is the time of the stream in
which we thank all of you lovely people
who subscribe to us during this very
stream much like logan's out of breath
run crazy Elvis who says thanks for all
the hours of entertainment I listened to
you guys well I'm at work and you keep
me sane you're welcome that's that I
mean that's paradoxical
our emblematic pop who says I have three
cats Pongo the Norwegian Forest Cat
Ferguson darling the tuxedo cat and
Ouija the Sphinx cat lol pet my cat
everyone that reminds me rich what
apparently it didn't we I'm debating
whether I should say this on stream and
I am going to we have been invited you
and I both okay
have been invited to be guests on a cat
themed podcast why I as they said they
were fans and so I assume it's because
of the God of War review in which my cat
was heavily involved they have
celebrities of all statutes come on and
discuss their cats okay they have asked
for both of us I don't know if you want
to do it or not it's probably something
I'm gonna do just because I enjoy
talking people I thought I'd put it out
there I don't know how much I'd have to
say other than yeah I'm allergic
no I'm really really allergic so I might
I might just let you talk about this
yeah okay yeah that's fair I just wanted
to put it out there that there is such a
thing as a cat centric podcast that has
invited us to be on it's not shocking
yeah it's not shocking
that's it made me think of that uh Q
allergy pictures yes did they ask for
biscuit no they surprisingly they did
not ask for biscuit to be on the podcast
rude right and rude hartree-fock er
Helms jank cinnamon for 22 fucking
months in a row solo 56 7 for 28 fucking
months in a row crock 23a who says three
months I'm just a newborn looking for a
teat dark matter for 34 motherland
oh just render the fucking months in a
row says just a regular folks regular
fucking months are over
there's no mother yet says I would walk
eight hundred and four point seven
kilometres and I would walk eight
hundred and four point seven kilometers
more I would walk eight
4.7 kilometers and I would walk eight
hundred and four point seven kilometers
more just to be the man who walked 1600
nine point four miles to be that guy at
your door that's the same ring to it now
that it doesn't have it doesn't have
that swing veggies sixty four four
twenty four fucking months in a row one
Mario Mario 42 for 47 motherfucking
months in a row
who says friendly reminder to all Amazon
Prime people you have to manually rhesus
kryb thanks Mario Mario for shilling so
I don't have to but yet the way I still
did but as a chases if it's something
that we had to read rich you see it
wasn't me you know we reserve the right
not to read anything check read that
with relish I I did read that you have
to manually rhesus cribe with your
Amazon Prime subscription with relish
fucking rope Fresno Bob norm caliber
Cavalier Cavalier right ho Jeeves
who says today is national rescue dog
day a reminder to all of you listening
who might be considering getting a dog
to adopt not shop Jack will you be
getting your boys a dog in the future no
yeah yeah I can't we got a cat we're
good dog dogs our work every single
fucking day you gotta take them for
walks every day
yeah but dogs are actually family thanks
dogs love you in a way that biscuit
never will know
that's fine I like you-know-what and I
like dogs I don't want to seem like I'm
down on dogs I actually love dogs but I
I love petting other people's dogs yeah
if you have a dog
I will pet that dog and really enjoy
that I just don't I don't want to take
care of it I mean there are pros and
cons cats aren't hands-off yeah and
that's pretty nice yeah that's that's
pretty other Cat Cat doesn't care if he
does it doesn't you're not giving it
constant attention right mom is needy
loyal and friendly and loves you unlike
the cat the dog is like having a child
in diapers forever well no this is gonna
die in about ten years well it's like
having a child of diapers for ten years
you know a cat yeah you gotta clean its
litter box but you don't you don't have
to like take it to a special place to
shit you still gotta pick up the shit
know what's our quirks beggars aren't
that big like I guess unless you're
living in the country or the suburbs
backyards ain't that big you still got
pickup shit still got pickup I know I
love dogs no national rescue dog
whatever buy rescue Sean ohh Sean
underscore Sean underscore 432 fucking
months in a row who says I was mad about
the Thundercats then I remembered that
episode about soap being a secret weapon
and realized it was no great loss
yeah so being a Sikh I don't remember
that but I'm sure some stupid episode of
the Thundercats it's like I mean all of
them they're pretty stupid yeah you know
I'm not a fan you're not gonna hear me
arguing that's a petty for 19 months in
a row zoink Oh for 19 months in a row
who says hey guys well I found out how
in the last four years the people who I
counted on as friends really don't
count me as one oh that's good watching
you guys is one of the few things I can
do to take my mind off of this horrible
world well hope you guys are doing well
sorry to hear that zonko hope you find
some more friends
mate rom Creston the dentist creme test
the dentist
what kren 'test creme test the dentist
sorry
chrome aureus ernest con king jakey
luster had it coming it's true he did
reformed lad take a brash says nine
months that I actually remembered to sub
whoo
you did it you did it that's 85 who says
yay
I missed my 12 months Oh dots 85 for 13
months in a row who says I missed my 12
months by the way biscuit is one
beautiful little mofo he should really
replace rich not Jack oh damn fuck you
too
turd smuggler 44 who says not always
able to listen to your wife but
listening to you guys the next morning
during work always brings a smile to my
face
keep it up you hacks alright culture
fist who says my D&D; name was babying
Woodruff clef in Zook he was a gnome
bard level 3 comes over short for 12
months in a row as well one year
congratulations to me also you guys are
awesome thank you
we are I hate to tell you guys all the
time mr. walrus to the brush for 13
months in a row xlg anyone been 8 to
77238
Chino
Magnum Malone genome of anga yeah that's
pretty good
Jarek 42 valve 5001 for 15 months in a
row
Darth ERV for 14 months in a row who
says Chicago great city or greatest city
great you know what yeah Chicago's great
city suburbs I'm fond of the place but
I'm not gonna go nuts I've had some good
adventures down in Chicago
I'll tell you what you come walking you
learn to really appreciate the fucking
traffic up here oh man just for traffic
alone I would not want to move back to
the Chicago area
fine it's nuts it's not all the time
yeah even though the sports teams are
relevant that doesn't bother me but I
don't care but there are there are some
people who just went oh no he didn't not
me but other people ever ever every time
I have to drive drive down there it
really just hits home how different oh
the traffic is nuts down there yeah I
mean compared to here yeah Aryan like
like 20 minutes no we're 20 minutes in
the Greater Milwaukee area know where it
takes you longer than a half hour at any
time of the day like even if there's
traffic you can get there in half an
hour drunk drunk the wrong time of day
and Chicagoland area I'll take you 30
minutes to drive a couple blocks mm-hmm
that's true a lot of people a lot of
people Chicago also has though like 10
times the people Milwaukee is yeah so
yeah there's a reason yes dude we were
at bored bomber who says thanks for the
streams Jack keep up the DND
you will love it yeah so far I'm super
into it I hope we can I can I can get
some more people into it what's the sky
like in Milwaukee
can you see stars no you can't see stars
not really
not me not really now but you know what
we're not too far away from where you
can it's still a pretty big city and
it's still right next Chicago there's
plenty of light pollution to be had yeah
but you know you go an hour or two up
north you'll be fine mm-hmm you'll be
fine
you know really far up north that's
where you get to good so I've heard
yeah you get you go up to like Door
County oh I thought I thought I
literally thought and I know you rich
Evan huh I literally thought you were
raising your sleeve to show me a tattoo
we were taught we were talking about
stars and wanting to see stars and I
thought you're gonna be like check this
out and I thought you're gonna show me
some like constellation aim I don't know
why I thought that cuz I know you want
to let you know where my brain was like
it looked like you were rolling it up
like this out it's Orion Caracara
Huascar the dark door county someday oh
it's great it's great yeah go go like to
like downtown Door County it's beautiful
you good well that's basically the
peninsula at the top right yeah you know
cuz we're like a left hand and it sits
right at the tip of the thumb okay okay
and oh it's beautiful up there good look
great little town fun fun stuff to see
and yeah you go stargazing up there now
you'll see some shit all right
that's a great question dude do Magnus
PU for 40 motherfucking months in a row
who says 40 motherfucking months can't
even believe it thanks for all the
entertainment welcome mister the kid
life Kemal 1913 VX 1 3 5 for 23 fuckin
listen a rope five-30 skeptic who says
heart emoji alright
mag abuse you low so there's no way to
read that better kilos oh my god
yep I was I was looking I was looking
for the words that made sense rich but
you got it
caffeine flew me death John for 18
months in a row
mister tummy giggles who says oh my god
I finally got to play The Last of Us
spoiler its shit you got emotions the
talk a plot shitter it's a fanboy got it
we got a rabid fan boy again sticky
paper
48 god damn motherfucking months in a
row nice oh what a great way to
memorialize four years feta bruschetta
407 funky tombs for okay four okay funky
tunes
sexy Batman pharmacist who says thanks
to prereq I went and picked up Dark
Souls 3 you fucks this is the most
sadistic game I've ever played
Cheers you're welcome you're welcome
Louis is the actual story yeah yeah I'm
looking forward to remastered
dive deep into that average AG darksouls
no one who says I thought the nerd crew
Denny's bed was made up then I saw the
source Collider video shame shame I have
nothing personal against Collider
I really don't yeah I I watched that and
I was just laughing controller I don't
know if I've seen that the sort I have a
one of their Jedi Council videos is
basically just an elongated Denny's
commercial I really have nothing
personal against them but that oh my god
you know what
speak into anyone who's making videos
out there we all hustling I know
rogue scholar 42 dr. soya neighs 437
motherfucking months in a row Chris
games 2004 21 in fucking months a
neurosis whoo battle tank looking
forward to the full review gents
also hope you got that not beer I sent
left a note this time to save you one
Jack probably it's probably right there
one of these boxes is rather heavy it's
probably at now Oliver and so heavy I
dropped it seven times on the world and
it is it's actually it's leaking a
pretty foul-smelling thing onto the
counter oh I just thought you'd been
drinking all Oliver MD who says buddy of
mine didn't enjoy Battletech much what
this rich think of it so far keep up the
solid work PS you stink beef the combats
leaving me lukewarm but I like running a
mercenary organization I like that yeah
we'll get a few more hours into it of
course you know like my planning a lot
more oh I mean before yeah like you have
a couple hours in yeah you know not a
not enough for a real a real deep dive
given WMDs
who says happy three months obligatory
oh my god oh my god that was appropriate
for three months yeah the retrograde art
Linderman
they said emoji I can't say that again
arcticus Rex for 20 fucking months in a
row says oh fuck oh fuck it's natural to
you musical instrument you you you you
have vocal muscle memory rich it's
amazing
doh deans says you guys are the best
keeping you giant robot is zero zip
dizzle that sounds like a rap star you
would make up you going to the hip-hop
show you're going to see that zip dizzle
that sounds like a bit that you and Mike
would right now with the zip dizzle guar
funcle' 4:20 funk going months in a row
performs with yo Co yo zip dizzle
featuring yoda yo-yo-yo-yo with their
song dem bitches dem hoes as someone
who's a fan of hip-hop i approve these
jokes
we are at a dkf f1v for 20 fucking
months in a row who says Martha
sir damn 3ke says I'm not saying that on
stream and I just want you to know that
I personally think you are a monster
gibbous moon for 33 fucking months in a
row the UPS man 87 hot sauce Johnson
this is rich what's the next release
movie or game you are looking forward to
her to probably I'm Morrison saying the
new spider-man oh yeah I thought about
this too much so just go where the wind
takes you you go where Mike points you
can't worry about what's always new
always new always fresh John oh my god
yeah infinity worst part - that'd be
that'd be a different movie honour
Ottawa captain I don't feel so good
captain I suggest we shoot everything
that moves
no love the sole purpose on that show
was to make humanity look better mmm
Alexander Alexander are you okay look at
how good humanity is because we put up
with this shit but he like he also gets
beaten all the time like like I
understand his purpose but like in
looking at it he is he's a weak war
monger his culture has horrible things
that we have to tolerate cuz we're
tolerant
we're so tolerant and good at virtuous
and he's trying he's really trying he's
doing his best he's putting in the hours
his other purpose was to get beat up to
make other things look stronger which
only made Worf look weak in the long run
all the time he got his ass handed to so
often it just made Worf look weak
you have to let him win at leave in a
couple yes every to reset that
oh yeah Worf is the strong one okay good
where were we
Wilkins the clown for 40 motherfucking
months in a row okay I got nothing
against worth where's a fine character
I'm just saying is I'm that show it's
it's always Worf gets beat up or Worf
suggests do they take a violent action
and Picard immediately shuts him down
Werfel say locking on phasers and
paralytic no we must have diplomacy
that's what they constantly did with
Worf
yeah yeah and so it had to be like one
of those things where it's like you had
to pre assume that Worf was extra tough
yeah I might I might say that Worf was
better on D at Deep Space nine some
people might think that's blasphemy but
he was just a better fit there he didn't
have to be the punchline
Deep Space nine is a show about the
Federation being in this deep horrible
war yeah
and Worf just fit better sure I could
see that oh yeah I think like what was
Worf one that was used all the time as a
question set up or was that more Riker
or Riker what did you be dumb yeah and
the scientists would have to explains
the audience but now what if we
realigned the warp coil to defuse the
cosmic energy and then they have to go
what would that do well you see yeah
yeah if we reverse the second thing that
flow what's the second record well it's
this let me explain it for the audience
yeah miker
so you need one character just a big
dummy right yeah that was Riker
we are now at a data
oh speaking of data war obviously a
different data but you know it fits in
with one more time
yeah data war wait oh my god
my name is tape for thirty five fucking
months in a row says I remembered resub
on my own terms
truth truth coconuts
18:11 okay okay just don't rub you in
the name I remember the question though
okay sorry which one did I interrupt
that you started saying are Miller for
thirty three fucking months in a row who
says thirty three months old today I'm
so happy that my Amazon Prime
subscription allows me to freely
subscribe to any twitch channel of my
choosing good thing I also remember to
re-subscribe this much which is required
by anyone else with prime as well
alright doctor all go rhythm I am so
down with this running gag okay then
who's that don't be at any sad just a
little bit just a little bit at the end
here bleach me says hey guys here's your
monthly pay don't spend it all in one
place you fucks thanks for making me
laugh and Mark D Howland
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciated and remember that if you
subscribe to us via twitch prime that it
doesn't cost you anything extra gives us
a little extra you don't have your
finger on the Go button I thought you
would cut me off Midway I don't know one
popped up anyway oh shit Skipton oh
seven sorry the best bits of Mice and Men