Episode 099
The Mashter Sword (pt.1)
May 26, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq_F1apdjTQ
_______________________________________

I had a stupid stupid pop up right away
on my chant the minute we started going
okay what do I pop afford away are you
getting the ads I could see chap get in
the pop-up ads and windows that wasn't
an ad that was a notification for
something and something hmm
I'm starting to get ads in in my
operating says yes every once in a while
like in the lower right hand corner it's
like boom appears an app we think you'll
like I got to change a setting
disgusting I got a chapter setting I'm
not I've not had that happen well it's
happened to me a couple times those
yellow things are when people at us in
chatty no that's yeah that's not what I
was looking at before
okay I've seen those dozens of times
okay hundreds hundreds of times hundreds
of dozens of times
hundreds of yes hundreds of dozens of
times and then some how's everyone doing
hi everybody welcome welcome sorry we're
running a little bit late I was setting
up a new thing for the episodes and I
got a little too excited so I was
running a little late make rich play
this know why I like this game and I
want to play it rich won't like this
game and won't like playing it so then
all you'll get is grumpy rich not
talking to you guys is that what you
want think about is it is that what you
really want
yes they do they just want grumpy rich
it's true so this is the the super duper
version yeah this is the the everything
all the all the DLC that they had in the
okay Wii U is all bundled together I'm
not very far I just played a couple
levels
I'm unfair on woods now I've been I had
to take a little bit of a break playing
this so I could get some some battle
mech in yeah this this games a little
bit too absurd for me swinging your
sword and watching literally 1000
enemies fly all over the place it's just
now I got stupid I know how you feel
about that
I know I feel like I said I there is a
lot of that there is also
oh just a smidge of strategy involved
and and it's cool you know what it's
cool I think it's a it's super cool you
got the lightning and she likes to be
the dew stare slurring kill hordes of
demons simultaneously I kill those
demons one at a time
each and every demon gets my personal
loving attention as I rip its innards
out and shove them down its mouth and as
someone who is a fan of the dynasty
Warriors experience doom combat is
tenfold more satisfying okay tenfold
okay
doom combat is incredibly satisfying
right what would you like I'm not
writing people who like this down it's
just not my cup of tea
oh sure well I that was more for the
person in chat who was trying to compare
this to doom and say it's that say it's
always that same bullshit rich which is
you liked this one thing in this one
game how come you don't like this other
thing in another game even if they're
not identical right they're not exactly
the same thing because because it's
almost like oh this is one small part
and the whole context matters people get
it get it over get over it all right
okay great so here's the battlefield
right yeah all the little diamonds you
see are kind of like strongholds the the
blue diamonds are our side the red
diamonds are their side yeah so you know
you got to take over some of their
strongholds so more of our guys pop up
and and then when people call for help
you know you got to like help bosses and
do certain things on the map okay
boom let's rock this joint what is it
what does a movie I used to love but now
hate I can't think of anything I used to
love and now I hate it I can think of
something I used to love and now I'm
just it's good I returned to the Jedi I
think I like far more when I was with
eight well sure yeah it's a simple
adventure movie no I'm just like good
yeah yeah yeah yeah I can't yet I can't
even think the movie I used to love but
now hate sheekha's outfit or not she
goes what's the Impala it's kind of
amazing
big ridiculous outfits absolutely she's
like wearing clothing everywhere except
for that one one breast it's just a hole
there yeah with a metal thing covering
with a metal thing and but she also has
like bandages underneath that for some
reason yeah
great great I think one of the bonuses
with this version is you get the the the
champion tunic huh
normally in the good link green outfit
but I like the champion tunic yeah I was
never really big on that
I like breadth in the wild yeah III
don't like the boxart link look oh
really yeah oh I do I do I dig is it odd
digs oh I don't have my own way where am
i over here link looks like he's a 90s
kid on spring break with his blue tunic
blue is blue but he's wearing a hangout
with the beach I gotta pick up some
chicks that you know the one of the
things I I loved the most about Wind
Waker was on your second playthrough you
could play the entire game with your
with your Lobster blue shirt yeah I
loved that I loved the lobster blue
shirt open that was my favorite that's
my favorite outfit I hated Toon Link
getting the the green tunic I wanted
that lobster outfit I never I never
never come with a lobster outfit either
really yeah yeah that sees like that
lobster outfit to me gave gave that link
some personality
okay great I just happen to know what
I'm doing I already played this level
and and lost once I'm gonna go through
this part a little fast then you play
this when it first came out on the Wii U
no no but you're a dynasty Warriors guy
on your legs ilda how do you miss that
uh you know we were I was doing other
stuff never really got around to it and
and then you know I heard the switch
version was coming out yeah and you know
by that time I had had kind of stopped
playing stuff on my wii u what are you
like switch characters on the fly or
something yeah yeah you get Sheik you
get a what's her name again we just said
it whatever her name is
and and link for this particular mission
and then everyone has kind of different
super buddy powers Oh whoopsie missed
like hers is she has a giant water
bubble thing and it's awesome it was
that where's that Dookie where's that
dude Deku plant this way this way maybe
there is there it is I found it great
get out of here take you the plant and
then here
great
my mission succeeded yeah yeah I I just
love it I just love it it's it's just a
little it's a little too over the top
yeah and see that's why I love it it's
it's not afraid to be over the top it's
not afraid to be a b-movie where's the
captain where's the captain you know
it's not afraid to be to be schlock
because it knows that that's why you're
having fun where is the these areas you
see the the red diamonds in the corners
these areas are taken over by there's
gonna kill the big guy you gotta kill
the big boss and then it turns into an
hour territory it's around the picture
oh oh okay well that's attacking the
ship these guys yeah yeah yeah yeah
it's an odd look for the redeads I don't
disapprove you don't disapprove no good
ever never look like mummies before I
don't know yes yeah they kind of look
mummies in a fluid of time
they're pretty mummified but I would
like the bandages yeah didn't they have
bandages did they I thought they had
well like not like full bandage like
that but I thought they had like just
decimated corpses
chat that's gonna be a that's gonna be a
full-on chat question we need ruling on
bandages you have an official ruling on
bandages
am I supposed to be going what am I
supposed to be doing and we're always
put on my home dessicated not decimated
obviously you can't see what he's doing
he's read it's speeds the Gebo forces
Impa
all right we're out there who's over
there I'm assuming you don't get the
boner because there's no plausible way
they could make it kill 15 enemies at a
time yeah you do get the bone arrow and
it can kill 15 enemies at a time so
there how about that I actually have the
bone arrow right now the the bow and
arrow though is not like a main weapon
it's more of a secondary weapon yeah oh
and you actually have to use it against
these gibbehhhhh's oh gosh dang it stop
it
that's cuz I'm locked onto the wrong guy
Wow thank up come back up I'm locked
onto the wrong guy rich
so let's what's the story here what's
what's going on so far the first mission
takes place at Hyrule Castle and you
know there's big there's a big old
battle and in the middle of the battle
Zelda disappears and darkness is falling
on the castle is always right there well
obviously we don't know that it's a
Zelda rich she's right there obviously
we don't know that Zelda yet just say
something I'm here hey everybody I'm
here no it's me cuz we don't know that
it's Zelda yet who's looking for that
link and I just what is it what did she
tell link yeah cuz she's hiding for some
from link your link is is a loli you
know guard at this point and she's
hiding from Impa for some reason okay
and and there are there are forces of
what there are forces of darkness that
we don't quite understand that are that
are attacking for some reason no no it's
weird
what saying Hyrule with a functioning
army ah you know something you often see
you know rich good call
good call
great doing great doing great we did it
we defeated the Gibbon forces I know you
were worried jack do you feel like
controlling every character makes the
game more engaging or just much easier
uh no I actually liked it there back
back in the back of my Hyrule warriors
is in my dynasty warriors days and it's
been a while since I've played like any
dynasty Warriors game to be quite honest
with you you would choose one character
to kind of go through all of the story
missions as yeah but sometimes the
problem with that is you would have to
go from one side of the map all the way
to the other side of the map just till I
get a bonus objective and that can be a
little lame here I can with link go to
one side of map switch over to imp I
have her go over the other side of the
map and you know it's easier to get
around that way although I just got the
flute which is like a quick teleport
button
we're chic you chic so some links just
an ordinary guard he's not anybody
special well it was he was the only he
will be he was the only guard who who
was who rushed out to battle when the
forces of evil came and you know he
proved his worth why isn't he wearing a
normal guard outfit you can't actually
you can you can't you can equip a normal
girl okay okay
but because uh I got I gotta ask the
hard-hitting question taps absolutely
rich you absolutely do but because Impa
saw in him the the bravery of the the
fabled hero she gave him the oh not the
flutes not the flutes let's bring up I
don't like dynasty Warriors but I liked
dead rising completely missing the point
that I don't view dead rising as a
combat focused game it's a game where
you race against the timer to get shit
done right
the reason Dead Rising 3 sucks is
because they designed it like a zombie
combat game hmm
yeah with you
so everyone everyone thinks you're so
fucking clever bringing up dead Rose
looks like dead rose in the movie well
fuck you it's not the same thing yeah
people get it together
protect the baby tree thought I was
protecting the vaguely pretty what am I
supposed to do
okay okay
no it's very different it's very
different
yep
people I think people have a problem
with with minutiae with with you know
rich your interpretation of the game
doesn't mean it isn't all really a
hack-and-slash zombie game and you are
the reason deadly and you are the reason
Dead Rising sucks now it's you yeah
that's something you have to deal with
knowing that you have to deal with
knowing that love how they give no fucks
about cannon by using mobs and character
designs from five different games
oh yeah that's all fine in my book this
is the the have fun this is the let's
see all the things use all the things
that the people know absolutely
that's that Sherlock they are having a
great time BB characters destroy enemies
have a great time but I never liked the
Dead Rising games in the first place
then how the fuck do you know what what
dead rising really is
I think I'm supposed to go get this
fucker doesn't even play Dead Rising
telling me what dead rising games are
supposed to be because I don't like
dynasty Warriors sometimes sometimes the
logic of people rich just it just fails
me it just absolutely fails me lol
because I played them and didn't like
them well obviously you were playing it
wrong ha settle down playing it wrong
just ignore them rich Evans oh I'm not
legitimately upset I just find this
amusing we're just having some fun yes I
get the feeling that's not a very good
idea
no no tried yeah last time I actually I
what what are you doing
no I I did hit the chicken and it
attacked me and then a golden chicken
sprouted and you know a million chicken
people came to attack me yeah and it was
really distracting I think that's why I
died
enemy to attack a chicken instead that
would be great yeah I think I could I
don't know
I've been eat if it's in the game it
would
but rich Star Trek was all about space
battles you guys you guys in your your
goofing around you settle down settle
down all you
where am I and sometimes it's a little
hard to find yourself on the map how
does this not get old oh you get new
characters to play as you get new
weapons to play as there's new maps
different objectives they kit just moves
so fast you don't have time for it to
get old good you know what are you doing
what are you doing where are you going
we're going over here health up so yeah
they always just give you shit to do
they give you enough shit to do where
you're where you're never worried
because it's not everything is immediate
like this needs to happen now this needs
to happen now go go go go go it's too
fast too fast for you to even notice now
this guy needs help now this guy needs
help help him where he's dead
I just come knock at all because X comes
a bit more to it than just being a
button masher where you hit the attack
button over and over again that's how
that's how XCOM doesn't get old
uh yeah yeah XCOM uses you know even
though it's basic essentially the same
gameplay over over you know tactical
gameplay but they give you new shit to
do it's the same thing here it's just
for you know different audiences pop
that guy out it's okay and it's okay
it's okay that rich doesn't like this
kind of game
say it with me
it's okay it's gonna be okay it's me uh
yeah okay we'll kill you real quick
alright and what if there was an ex come
Warriors game I'd probably skip it you
don't know much about rich do you
execute free and also how would that
work
XCOM warriors back in the 90s they did
some stupid shit with XCOM ah I was a
XCOM third person shooter that looked
dumb as fuck lightsome really yeah
wow they're pulling a bunch of stuff out
of their ass they were we got we got
ourselves a hot property here make all
this shit you can for it boss battle
okay there is our key boss boom
yeah we're winning also owls all over
the place for its we are winning we're
doing all the winning rich you're saying
you can like a franchise but not every
single thing related to that franchise
you're a madman I know I know it's crazy
talk
am i talking about the bureau oh no that
was another ex-con third person shooter
in the 90s there's a really really
shitty looking XCOM third person shooter
I forget what they've just said they've
tried multiple times to make shitty
third-person shooters out of thanks yes
yeah I wasn't even thinking of the
bureau when I said that
XCOM enforcer Thank You Chad yes XCOM
enforcer I've never I've never played it
I've only seen it
XCOM enforcer yes interesting
interesting
I or my where am i hey what's going on
okay we're fine everything's gonna be
fine heavy metals playing and everything
is gonna be fine
Impa why aren't you helping
you could probably get XCOM and force
her dirt cheap on GOG if they even ever
put it on GOG I've no I have no idea do
you think they're just embarrassed by it
now it might be and unless you want to
just amuse yourself yeah like I so so
bad it's good game oh I guess I guess no
good reason to buy it because I've
watched videos online it looks like crap
oh yeah it looks like hot garbage
oh shit I'm done here
yeah
now fuck
apparently I'm not answering the right
questions oh well they go right no I
don't know you're doing it right you're
doing it wrong
everything you do is wrong I never I
haven't even read a tip tonight I don't
think I've even gotten one I've just
been reading chat but I'm not reading
the right questions so I don't know I'm
big a jerk yeah I was gonna say I was
gonna say that's a that's a neat looking
what do you call them things the ghormeh
monster
oh I'm not asking to be a dick just
curious what separates this from
Warhammer 40k Space Marine well it's
there they're entirely different types
of games I don't I don't even understand
why that would be a question that's a
really weird question yeah like we get a
lot of weird questions but that's extra
weird like this is somebody who
obviously hasn't played Space Marine
because they're absolutely nothing alike
right they're very very different games
rich hoses any significantly different
from Sim City now you're asking the
questions you may as well ask that if
you like sir city that would you have to
like Hyrule warriors gotcha checkmate
atheists
shoot your laser
there we go come here
all right me eyeball do I like SimCity I
played some save a forum is I'm a
favorite thing ever but yeah if I've
enjoyed SimCity in the past in the there
have been times in which SimCity has
been a part of my life and I did not
vomit some City classic SimCity 2000
mm-hmm I kind of lost track of the
series after that but sure back in the
day yeah as you do I remember
LucasArts had a game called afterlife
which was like Sim City but it was
Heaven and Hell really interesting
heaven of course had to be you know well
managed with uncongested traffic hell
was the exact opposite like you wanted
to make traffic jams and hell the were
sure layout was in hell the better you
did yeah there's a neat it was a neat
twist what is happening what was waiting
for you to hit him in the eye I think
I was waiting for you to do some guys
soup de doop it's got an L over his head
no we lost the battle oh how do we lose
the battle I don't know son of a bitch
that that is a you know obviously it's
not a perfect game it's sometimes
difficult to know what's going on in the
game it is sometimes very difficult to
know what is going on in the game you
lost because gonna spawns and you waited
like 10 minutes well it's taking care of
the keep saboteurs I don't see a time
around here no sometimes you just you
know sometimes you just lose because you
didn't do a thing fast enough and you
know sometimes it's actually alright you
figure you figure out what it is and
it's fine I just got to take care of
these keep saboteurs a little faster
I think the tips are broken yeah I
haven't gotten a single tip tonight so
I'm assuming something is wrong possibly
you try refreshing the the webpage that
the tips are on and then they might show
up oh yeah
the Refresh worked we're trying I do I
brought the laptop I brought the laptop
is back the laptop is back but in order
to kind of try to keep it as sane as
possible I'm saying we don't get any I'm
saying we don't use any kind of apps
like just web browser that's my thought
at least I don't know if that's a good
idea but my thought is if we just use
the web browser then it'll be less
likely to to freeze up on us I said I
think the tip overlay oh yeah no that's
the thing we're we're gonna make some
alterations to next stream oh I was
complaining cuz it was displaying wrong
previously yep so we've we've got it
like it is for now and then hopefully
next stream we'll just have something
different going on for the tip over life
yeah
all right
all right
okay great shit not great
Titan Creed says last dream you asked
how D&D; got started it was originally a
new spin on wargaming the original D&D;
was a variant of Gaia X's chainmail war
game it grew from that fanbase each
addition has transformed D&D; into more
of a communal writing experience okay
okay Anonymous's I am excited that the
Han Solo movie will finally reveal the
most debated fan question that has
already been answered 40 years ago who
shot first seriously I really I really
thought that was coming out this winter
and then I had months before I had to
worry about the goddamn Han Solo movie
at least I'll get it out of the fucking
way yeah there you go this Christmas
will just be Star Wars flea
right
Boston Technicolor says after years of
begging my doctors I'm finally scheduled
for a much-needed hip replacement though
now the anxiety is kicked in
anyone in chat have tips on how to
prepare how to uh sorry prepare for the
big surgery at least I'll have prereq to
help me through recovery Cheers
yeah I have I have no surgery
recommendations I've never gone through
surgery
knock on wood that's like particleboard
descent count that's wood that's
technically wood okay
we had surgery for anything before Jack
surgery no okay
no I've never had surgery you know I'm
gonna say that and then I might be wrong
no no I've never had surgery dental
surgery that's quite sure I I defeated
ghormeh
it's a solid one great yeah no never had
surgery broken a bone but didn't have
any surgery no advice very sorry talk to
nurses if you have any friends or family
who's a nurse they'll let you know how
to deal with it afterwards gee I wonder
if you will ever need a heart operation
rich oh wow you really got me back for
not liking dynasty warriors Wow
what a dickhead oh shit this guy has
some negative things to say about a game
I like obvious have open-heart surgery a
little harsh don't you think man whoa Oh
harsh sis just slow it and slow the roll
settle it on down
oh that's a good cartoon link want you
people in jet you're all crazy
you're all crazy sometimes you know them
ah did you see rich are you dude are you
a fan of Terry Pratchett at all
have you read any Terry Pratchett books
you probably have Thanks
I would assume you have did you see the
trailer for troll bridge no troll bridge
is a fan-made
adaptation of a Terry Pratchett novel
with shockingly high production value
and they are selling they're selling it
themselves like they're not going
they're not gonna try to get like
distribution for anything yeah because
like who knows what legality there is
but it looks amazing I ordered a blu-ray
because like I more so just because it
was people who you know it's a fan-made
project and it looks so good I wanna I
want to support them but it's it's the
story of a former barbarian who was once
the king of the battlefield and now he's
like a withered old man yeah and he has
one more goal left in life which is to
defeat a troll that lives under a bridge
but in these modern times most trolls
they live in cities so he has to go like
way out to the mountains like you know
to find a troll that lives under a
bridge and it's all like it's all very
like British humor and like the trolls
are nice people but he still wants to be
friends with them how do I put up a new
tab in the just a post I usually use
edge yeah oh oh yeah I didn't even think
I'm using edge troll bridge yes
troll bridge it looks adorable and it
looks wonderful
who wrote that was it that's very
Patrick crush it - who wrote on a pale
horse that might be the same with the
the Discworld the Discworld no no this
wasn't dismal this was one it's a book
literally about man who becomes death
and son hubris they know it sounds how
he becomes death yeah but it's kind of
light-hearted man on a pale horse no the
nut called manage is called on a pale
horse on a pale horse okay uh a man's
about to kill himself huh and what he's
about to kill himself he sees death
actually walked through the door and
just instinctually he turns the gun on
death and he ends up killing death and
so then he has to become the new death
oh yeah and he also has to fight Satan I
gotta get this board and it's a great
book
I think that's Terry prick Piers Anthony
that was it there's Piers Anthony not
Terry Pratchett not a horse and it's a
great book that sounds like a great book
let's sound that sounds hilarious that
sounds great
oh yeah give me all this stuff give me
all this Jeff but but uh the the trailer
for for troll bridge it looks amusing
and again for a fort you know with that
like fan made caveat like we've all seen
fan made stuff before mm-hmm it just
looks shockingly high quality and so
he's now open for business okay okay
okay let's go to the smithy then
customize your weapons fuse weapons okay
base weapon slots
all right cool I think what okay
all right sig Latin yeah says I just
finished my master's thesis and one of
my sources the German underworld a about
the formation of European crime
syndicates after the 1648 Treaty of
Westphalia is by Richard Evans thanks
again for the great content
well not big not many people know about
my my my literature work in history yes
yeah that's
I know I've always known that that was a
side passion of yours I I I'm shocked to
know that you've been published
peer-reviewed works yeah yeah that's
great rich congratulations also okay
here's another fare on woods one see
what happens here
oh oh we get to meet linkle alright
simple crossbows sure fanservice
huh the one disturbing part about this
is everyone goes oh and that gets a
little disturbing sometimes if you have
the sound tweaked just right makes it
really easy to localize yes that is true
that is true this game needs more
fanservice what are you talking but this
is this is this the game is chocked full
yeah I mean I I agree but it's still
chocked full of it all the ridiculous
stuff give me all the ridiculous stuff
in the first battle you can fight as
Princess Zelda it was great
now we get link oh she's got crossbows I
don't even know who linkle is but she's
her right this is where linkle's from
right very good think so yeah it's not
from another game is she no I don't
think I don't think so said fanservice
when it's a new character oh I just met
the other stuff like all all the other
people fighting together okay doing cool
shit okay no no linkle isn't fanservice
but like you know being able to battle
side by side with Zelda link and and
Impa that's that's pretty fanservice e.y
link a girl I don't know link is kind of
a non character and it's a different
fucking person in every game even right
if you wanted at the start of every
Legend of Zelda game have a fucking
gendered toggle that's fine
oh yeah it would change the game in no
way right right I agree
like like what you could do is you could
play as the hero Zelda rescuing Prince
link or just like
you shouldn't you literally have to
change nothing else sure yeah with you
the question is would you then be saving
Prince Alda or it wouldn't matter
whatever how about this double toggles
if you want to get in the same you're
sure I'm getting insane double toggles
you can choose your gender and the
gender of the person you save
boom you're welcome why not make Mario
girl alright here's my question to you
person in the chat this says why not
make Mario girl
yes sarcastically I assume why not how
does it change your experience if you
turn on Super Mario World and there's a
there's an option to play as Maria and
if you don't check that option you never
have to see or hear about Maria you just
play the game normally as Mario how does
that affect you negatively in any
conceivable way rich I have the answer
for you yeah it doesn't okay it doesn't
it would just be nice for some people
who want that alright let's start out
let's do this let's see how linkle
handles
see here's where you get fanservice
you're fighting the the majora's mask
kid
oh my god the chickens are on my side
yes the chicken look rich the chickens
are fighting on my side
there you go Jack oh my god oh my god
what am i doing I want to do our people
so unsecure they have to only play as
their gender well here's here's the
thing though if your characters just
kind of a blank slate then isn't kind of
the purpose that you're it's easier to
imprinted I can know I can see if you
want to play as male link that I have no
problems with that mm-hmm I think of
what a lot of people's problem is is
currently they don't have the choice and
so it's not an insecurity thing it's
just like oh it would be it would be
nice if I could play as you know
obviously that's not anything I you have
to worry about I'm a white male age is
35 to 60 everyone listens to my ideas no
matter how dumb they are it's like
battle tech battle thing that has a
character creative battle thick does
have a character greater and a bet
little backstory thingy I mean it's it's
a bit it's a bit weird but there's an
option to not be he or she there's an
option to be referred to as a vague yes
yeah you could hear they you can choose
your pronouns there are people out there
who are pissed off about this really and
well I wouldn't use that option myself
yeah I'm not gonna get pissed off
because it's there I'm just gonna select
the heat and they're the problem solver
boom I selected heat how dare they try
to be inclusive rich how dare they
they're not forcing you to play as vain
and I'm not talking about forcing
anybody to play as female link I'm just
saying if it was an option a big deal oh
yeah
area
here we go
yeah that seems like it just seems like
an easy thing to do I guess
it's it seems just like an easy way to
you know make somebody happy and not
have any negative effects towards
everyone else oh I see I see I see what
I'm supposed to go this way
out
uh yeah yeah all right why don't we go
what average what do we got what do we
got what's going on what's happening oh
right now I'm looking to see where we
left off okay crater scroll oh wait no
that's too far
that's way too firm I gotta go back up
the fabs okay says so glad you're
playing Hyrule warriors just a tip if
you didn't know already Jack be sure to
pick up the materials the bigger enemies
drop as will help you unlock new combos
and such between games oh yeah I hope to
see you both play co-op soon I think it
would get old for me extremely quick I'm
not I'm not saying this is the worst
looking game I've ever seen I'm not
making that Clive I heard you say that
earlier though feeding shit side mission
started cuoco feeding area and linkle's
kind of adorable look look at her she's
got a little crossbows got a little
crossbows
you know that is adorable rich would you
be okay playing one round with Jack we
only have one controller oh yeah that's
the other problem is it's split screen
uh I actually don't know and I guess we
could use the the trucks I'm really not
comfortable oh yeah suck the Chuck suck
and you know it
Winkle
see what her super is die die die that's
what her super is yeah
she has Reapers super that's an
overwatch reference fuck yeah
so is she also the chosen hero or she
just she wants she's like she's like
what's his name like tingle you know she
wants jozin hero where you know she
wears the green because she knows that
the hero wears green it's adorable is
what it is
what's my favorite sports video game
sports you might you might you might
think this is a cop-out okay but rocket
League which is totally a sports game
totally a sports game also totally a
cop-out it's not a real sport but it is
a sports game yes if you want a real
sports game I'm gonna say MLB power pros
on the weed
that's fair I had a lot of fun back in
the day with with stuff like Madden
mostly just because that's the only game
that like my brother would play with me
and so decent phone Madden it also golf
games back in the day we would tear up
some golf games portal be considered a
sports game no portal no absolutely not
what get out of town where would you why
would why people say weird thanks jack
you know this you know I guess I do I
guess I do know this
I found him
you know what game I've been really
enjoying kind of as a as a break from
from battle Mac is is a game called
descenders yeah which is a downhill
mountain biking game and it's it's
procedurally generated downhill courses
and you just try to get through them as
fast as possible and it has like
different jumps and it has like cool
different different like trick modes and
whatnot and it's really a neat simple
sports game and and I really dig it it's
one of them it's one of them early
access things am I supposed to go but
but I dig it
I've been it's it's been a nice breather
from from from battle battle battle
battle tech battle tech I keep calling
it battle mech it's I'm not not loving
battle tech young yeah I'm with you
keep going that's not the worst thing
this things I like about it okay
I just what battle tech does is it makes
me wish that the combat sections word in
the style of the mech Warrior Games or
you're in the cockpit that's like a sim
hmm like I like negotiating contracts I
like I like running my business overall
I'm finding it fairly meth
you know I got about I got a I got a me
about ten hours in and I'm feeling
pretty mad about the whole situation for
whatever that means to anyone
side mission failed I wonder what it was
I have not yet in Battletech felt
especially challenged yeah yes there a
difficulty slider that I missed I don't
remember any I do not remember any
specific difficulty slider
you know you choose your level your
difficulty level different jobs have
different difficulty yeah that's as far
as I know I what what my big problem
with it at the moment is I'm not finding
the battles to be tactical yeah I don't
see it
we're just the enemy walks up and you
just shoot at it until it blows up yeah
yeah and you know so yeah you you shoot
at the enemy and then the enemy shoots
at you and you know like like thinking
of stuff like XCOM has that really
wicked cover system and so it's it feels
like you're positioning yourself you're
getting stuff into place in in battle
tech it's just move and shoot the guy
moving shoot the guy the guy's gonna
move and shoot you
so yeah I'm finding I'm finding battles
to be lacking in a certain amount of
enjoyment I'm not I'm not getting I'm
not getting a proper enjoyment out of
the battles didn't I die in the tutorial
once on stream when I wasn't really
paying as much attention to what I was
doing as I should have been yeah yes
that was the only time I ever lost a
mission in battle tackle right
I know I know you unlock the more
difficult missions as you progress
through the story I don't think they
should have done it that way I I think
the world should have been entirely open
from the beginning and I think taking
the higher difficult mission if they
want to gate that off for some reason
well then it'd just be impossible to
pass because you have shitty mechs and
it's you picked a five-star mission
right there is a pair apparently i in in
a little on steam they have like little
news tab yeah there is a mod yeah
currently even though there's no like
native modding if you get a special mod
to earl tool there is a mod that does
that that unlocks the entire map right
away you know after kind of the tutorial
you say huh
apparently it's a bit of a pain in the
butt to get the mods to work but also
apparently enough people have been
complaining about that where someone
wrote a news article about this specific
mod ha so heads up
nice squares in danger of falling we'll
get there yeah chefs thinking about the
Zelda breadth of the wile Wow you know
as you as you go through the game the
enemies naturally gets stronger yeah
I kind of wish it was like the original
NES Legend of Zelda where you just
didn't want to go to some areas because
the enemies were strong in those areas
well it's a little bit like that with
like the Lionel's yeah but I mean when
you start off with Lionel's were all the
week Lionel's they're all the red line
on I mean you play the game bar table
they all become the blue then you play a
little bit it'd be nice if like your
your incentive to not go to certain
areas at certain times just a level of
difficulty is just getting your ass
handed yeah getting your ass head of you
because the enemies in that area are all
fucking nightmarish
fucking hell skull kid
what'd I just do shit
yeah that would have been nice I still
I'm okay with the way that uh that
breath of the wild handled it just
because obviously I enjoyed it a lot
yep
so alright say I think right now here in
the game yeah is officially where I
would have given up just because it
would have gotten old this is the point
I think where I would have been ok I've
seen everything I need to see in the
game that's fair that's fair
that's fair
you know the different people have
different tolerance for
ya know and I could do this all day
I could absolutely do this all day this
is this is 100% my jam fidgeting with a
screwdriver the entire stream yeah I
know it's been in my hands I'm just
fitting with it yeah I noticed I know
you are a fidgeter Oh constant vigil you
know I always forget which one is are
and which one is er always always always
I want for some reason I want the big
one to be r-really and the little one to
be Zr
and I'm always wrong that one's never
thrown me for a loop
Oh what always there's me for a loop is
there B being before a yo sure yeah that
out that as well how is this different
from dynasty Warriors it's not not made
by the same people who made dynasty
warriors yeah that's why I like it
because I like Jack likes dynasty
warriors yeah
well yeah your compass is shining it
says so that's what's going on
oh great this is nobody gonna help this
poor girl defend the castle uh was she
you know she's defending the the woods
right now and no that's why she's so
special she's she's a hero you see no
one's helping her
that's why she's able to join the fight
rich
hi there you go kicking skull kids ass
rich what historical event would you
like to see a movie slash series based
on I've basically answered the same
question before though you would have to
you have to make up a lot because we
don't know the answers DB cooper DB
Cooper yeah so there's a lot of room in
the DB Cooper story to do whatever the
fuck your imagination wants to do and
yet there are also some really
interesting historical facts just the
whole thing I could I could see like a
really interesting like one season yeah
you know like thirteen episodes of a DB
Cooper story you know the flight maybe a
little hints of afterwards
yeah that's lining out why he decided to
do it yeah who's who this guy is
yeah maybe it maybe he's he's working
with some shady characters maybe has to
kill one off maybe he's a bad guy maybe
he's a good guy we don't know yeah yeah
that could be fun speaking of series did
you hear did you hear about Damon
Lindelof yeah is making a watchman
series not based off of the comic book
just based off of the universe yeah I'm
not interested yeah yeah yeah
the watchman told its story it's done it
made its point yeah there's no reason to
go back to that no and it's like I could
I could see if you want to make like an
adaptation of The Watchmen a a series
might be a good place to do that because
there's just too much for a movie as we
learned well also Zack Snyder sucks also
part of it was exercise or not getting
the point right exactly but but yeah he
wants he wants it too he wants it to
just take place in the Watchmen universe
I'm excited for Linda laughs Watchmen
because the leftovers was fucking great
says Jack trigger Joyce I don't know if
I saw the leftovers
Lindelof has some has some badness
around him and some goodness Linda
laughs done some good also some bad sad
Vega I watched all of the new tic and
yeah it's good overall I keep forgetting
that the whole seasons up its up
but a meaning to watch it and I just
keep flat up forgetting about it it's up
and overall I think it's pretty good
Peter Serafinowicz is a remarkably good
tick and I like the tone I I would I
would have liked a few more like I they
were they were riding this line with the
new tic were that what they were the
thing they wanted to poke fun at was
like the modern gritty superhero genre
and so they kept you know like the tick
does a really good job of riding that
line is sometimes we're gonna go dark
and gritty and then sometimes we're
gonna just pull the rug out make fun of
dark and gritty and I wish they would've
pulled the rug out just a little bit
more but overall it's pretty good so you
want to you want to see it a little more
darkly ready no I wanted to see a little
more making fun of darkness okay okay I
think they just leaned it too heavy into
the dark and gritty but the jokes
contrasted by the tech and I think
that's kind of exactly exactly
it's you know it doesn't de throne
animated tick as my favorite tick what
the tick dark and gritty what watch the
pilot on Amazon it's actually good I
haven't watched more than that yet I'm a
meaning to it I keep forgetting that the
entire season is out now and for many of
you who we know are Amazon Prime
subscribers you get you know Amazon
video with that and and so you can watch
the whole season of the tick and it's
pretty darn good
because the tick is still the tick
because the tick is still the tick yes
yeah well if they made the tick dark and
gritty that would suck the character
that's it
that would suck yes oh yeah yeah no no
and like the tick is perfect the way
Peter Serafinowicz plays him yeah is
pitch perfect for the world the the main
villain which this is not a spoiler the
main villain is the terror and he's
great no it's it's actually Jackie Earle
Haley was his name from a from The
Watchmen
rorschach from the watchman and shark or
Russian
Rorschach Russia is where it is
Rorschach that's how I pronounce it
watch watch the chat say we're
pronouncing it wrong but no no filled
with great characters there's great
moments it's a recommend
chat saying Rorschach that's right yeah
that's why I said that Rorschach then
they're confirming nowhere am just grace
this the chat say they wait in good book
of sorcery okay get to play as the is
the witch now she's got a book this is
actually a new character this is a new
character along with twinkle oh my god
well yeah but Lincoln was clearly
related yeah well she's got crossbones
though very different you see Lincoln
was clearly based on Lincoln this
character looks entirely unique yeah
this character looks like something out
of like a JRPG yeah but she uses dem
magics
when I see the guy who plays Arthur
nitaac I'm convinced it's the speckled
curly-haired kid from the Mighty Ducks
and somehow he's not he's great though
he's a really good Arthur that you know
the this Arthur is a little bit
different if you've watched the cartoon
you know Arthur is kind of the you know
he's almost a superhero as a hobby and
that was a really interesting way to
take it he's you know so he's very
different in this but it works it all
works
lonna and link it all works which is
nice the seventeen only says hey guys
I've been watching old best of the worst
episodes and I think my favorite one is
when you watch dangerous men rich goes
straight zap in the viewing room then I
start fucking shit up I sure once or
twice I just couldn't think of any
bourchek dangerous men is special like
that though that was that was a very
special viewing a very special viewing
oh that's that's weird
we have two different versions of the
same enemy in the same game like I know
they're taking shit from all around the
time line but these are the boku goblins
and the ones you fought in the first
level we're also boku goblin oh yeah but
they look entirely different I think I
want to say that tune zelda is playable
in this and so i actually think that's
part of the story is that the timelines
are getting all fucked okay so i'm gonna
say that that's actually purposeful i
think the story is the darkness is is
making the