Episode 101
The Mashter Sword (pt.3)
May 28, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh1BOxgTs2s
______________________________________

Maps all blue we're doing great we got
to go defeat Midna and to get the
goddess butterfly I don't necessarily
know what that means but you know it
unfortunately it does look like we don't
get midna this time we get we get
butterfly lady instead our Miller in the
chat is saying give me a second yeah
just need to download my bomb app I
resent my sheikah slayed recently they
say that as a joke that's one of the
story points in breath of the wild
remember when you have to go talk to
what's-her-name I had seen a village and
then she hooks your app up to the thing
cuz the the picture app got a race
that's right and you have to redownload
the picture-taking app it's already
employed read downloading apps it's
beautiful just beautiful come on come on
you guys can kill one freakin skeleton
yeah there you're welcome
oh is she gonna be on link wolf that's a
different that's a different wolf they
couldn't they couldn't have lentils be
bad so it's a different wolf
any recommendations for a new laptop
I've I've always been a desktop guy and
I've built my own so I'm afraid afraid I
cannot help you true blue review I think
I think there's something wrong with the
tips cuz I haven't got a new one in a
while okay well do the old refresh I did
and multiple times nothing so if I'm not
if I'm not reading your I mean it could
be we just haven't got any tips no yeah
that's fine that's possible but if I'm
not reading your stuff it's cuz I'm not
getting it sorry
Midna looks 10 well she's just cursed to
be a goblin goblin she's a weird-looking
little and you know it's it's extra
poignant when you know the story of
Twilight Princess which I will I will do
my best not to spoil here but you know I
think I think I already spoiled it by
saying she's cursed to look like a
little goblin oh yeah he totally did
yeah yeah so fucking games like 10 years
old at least I know but he always feel
bad the that that that ending sequence
when you see her in her true form I love
that I love that ending sequence that
was great
I thought that was really neat alright
midden is joining the team
victory and then you reiterated the
spoiler god damn I did 10 years yeah
that's kind of out of toilet era Tory
well past the spoiler expiration date
yeah if you haven't played uh I hear you
know you know what spider-man dies at
the end of infinity world
Wow you know what rich that was uncalled
for
that was absolutely uncalled for shit
man I mean that's been out just a couple
of weeks still outside of spoiler
territory but that was uncalled for
you're we're gonna get angry emails now
yeah you know what it's fine well I'm
gonna get angry emails do you really
think so no no I don't I'm guessing by
this point by this point most people
know that already yeah and and by the
way Taillow - Taillow civ gaming puts it
correctly which is this dies yeah dies
yes
for anyone who's seen the movie I figure
at this point anybody who hasn't seen it
doesn't care that's probably fair oh
here we go in this one I get to play as
as Midna
yeah
ya know but by the way like they're
already in for 200 speaking of speaking
of rich yeah what um you and I a few
weeks ago uh-huh
we're talking about spider-man movies
yeah and I had mentioned something that
I would like to see in the next
spider-man movie do you remember what
this was do you remember what's the
stereo Mysterio I was saying oh you know
like because I really liked like Legion
and how they do like the psychic camera
tricks and I really liked the show
sense8 that has a psychic thing and so
they they use like in camera tricks and
fun editing to show like this really
confusing world so I said Oh Mysterio
would be a great choice for the next
vitamin because they could do weird
camera stuff and they just announced
that they're they're trying to strike a
deal with Jake Gyllenhaal to be Mysterio
in the next fighter man movie yeah
that's a great idea that's a we need a
Mysterio movie that'll be great
interesting that they and probably smart
that it heads straight to the heavy
hitters you oh yeah you can't mean
Goblin drak first no no there's there's
the vulture and here's Mysterio you know
why they're keeping them small keeping
him keeping him neighborhood yeah yeah
yeah it's gonna be great so like that's
the other thing is like we know they're
already working on that James Gunn has
already like said that like well what's
her name what's her Kimora gomorrah's in
guardians volume three like James Gunn
said that before infinity war came out
yeah and so I was like yeah we this
comic books
you guys know comic books what do you
think is spoil if someone's asking what
we think spoiler territory is I don't
know three weeks I'm okay with three
weeks
I think it's probably relative to how
how much the knowledge of the spoiler
will affect the enjoyment of the film
sure which of course is very subjective
to whoever's watching it yeah
cuz yeah some people just don't care
about spoilers I generally care I don't
I don't want I don't want anything to be
spoiled for me like telling somebody the
twist of Fight Club it's probably a
bigger deal than saying you know this
character fought this character at
infinity war right
now I had Fight Club spoiled for me
still enjoyed the movie but still one of
my favorite movies Fight Club is a rare
circumstance where once you know the
spoiler you can rewatch many times and
still pick up on fun new things you get
at least two viewings out of Fight Club
oh yeah otherwise yeah at least two
get up what's the twist of fight clubs
yeah I'm more reluctant to give away the
twist of Fight Club than I am an
infinity war I think I think knowing the
twists and Fight Club is a bigger deal
than infant well and here's the other
here's the other tricky situation with
all this is infinity war is based off of
a comic book that has been out for ages
yep and you know roughly the same thing
happens yeah so hopefully it wasn't hard
to predict right so like I feel even
less I feel slightly less beholden to
spoilers just because it's based on a
thing that you know like I said I
already exist so it's like same with
like Game of Thrones spoilers where it's
like these books have been out for years
and just because people are watching
them on TV now plus fight clubs a movie
where if you don't know what the fucking
if you don't know what the fuck I'm
talking about
and you haven't seen Fight Club you
should see Fight Club you should see
Fight Club no thoughts on this a fight
clubs a great movie yeah if I clubs a
great movie that I think people should
see yeah I mean none other than yeah
yeah fight clubs a great movie I can't
imagine where we going over here what I
say some people might take Fight Club
the wrong way I'm not I'm not sure what
the wrong way to take Fight Club is oh
yeah no actually we've talked about this
before I will absolutely say some people
will watch Fight Club and see Tyler
Durden as the hero and and yeah oh no I
know these people
oh oh that's right do I have a thing to
defeat him yet I don't think I do
I I absolutely know people who like came
out of Fight Club being like oh I want
to be just like Tyler Durden like apps
abso-fucking-lutely
absolutely Tyler Durden is the bad guy
yeah didn't give me anything but you
know that happens in any art so I'm not
terribly worried about it oh great
oh my god oh my god up here I guess you
could say fight clubs movie about not
drinking the kool-aid
whichever kool-aid that may be right
yeah but don't drink the kool-aid which
is but up but like I get why people are
upset with it because you know like
Tyler Durden starts the movie you know
presenting not the kool-aid right been
drinking only omits different cool
exactly only to discover it's a
different kool-aid right
ideology equal bad yes I would say so
what are we defining is ideology
anything that will give you a dog Bob
okay all right yeah then I could be down
with that
yay
out dink-dink
whoo but yeah I know uh my clubs at
Fight Club is a very good movie I know
that's a David Fincher movie right now
and I think David David Fincher is on
record somewhere saying that if he ever
meets anyone who it's it's Fight Club
and another thing and he's like if they
say Fight Club and this is their their
favorite movie ever I immediately just
dismiss them as idiots really yeah Wow
well he'd dismiss me as an idiot it's
one of my favorite movies ever
no well no it was Fight Club and
something I was very specific because
that means that they didn't get Fight
Club and now now I'm doing a horrible
job because I'm trying to quote him I'm
trying to quote him saying something and
I'm missing it completely but yeah David
Fincher was he was really he was really
upset that people didn't get his movie
oh god he was really upset when people
started making their own fight clubs
after Fight Club
he's like what wow you guys missed the
point
and so no it's nothing personal against
you rich because it is a it's a very
good movie Fight Club but if you came
out of that movie thinking to yourself
man I want to be in a Fight Club
no I didn't come out of fight right
thinking that right and I think that was
the problem for a lot of people he's
like oh man that Fight Club was cool
let's do that man I want to be a weirdo
hermit who makes his own soap what do
you think the point is in Fight Club and
we just kind of just talked about it
yeah the the the point of Fight Club is
is not blindly following any set of
rules you know Jack the narrator starts
it off kind of living a pretty normal
existence and you know for miserable
exam is urabá existence but by what most
would perceived to be normal yeah he
buys the knife stuff he has a nice job
he has a nice apartment he has all the
things that you're supposed to strive
for but he's miserable and so he finds
an escape from that he meets a guy who
teaches him not to be so materialistic
right but it ends up becoming more like
cults
well it ends up having the same sorts of
rules and structures things that that
isn't what Jack wants to do and so yeah
the the moral of Fight Club is actually
a very simple one which is just find the
path that works best for you find your
own path okay nice got the hook shot
he's working a miserable tedious job and
he finds this guy who teaches him to get
rid of she's throw off the stuff that's
not happy and then he ends up working in
a miserable tedious and right
okay so I can go up the ledges now yeah
and so it has a really good and you know
of course this is all based off of the
Chuck Palahniuk book but you know it all
it all kind of boils down to somewhat
somewhat lovely with the theming just
finding yourself with hilarious
consequences I don't think that's a
terrible view of Fight Club or to take
out of it I think just a fun movie oh it
is no this is a fun movie it's a good
movie Mike Fight Club is a good movie
I'm not I'm did not I'm not denying that
Fight Club is a good movie yeah I know I
know I'm going I'm going I'm going
come on Ben you move your ass
here here right
what am I supposed to do here what am I
supposed to do here you tell me
valiant bloodshed says valiant blood
Johnny do you guys think that the boys
TV show on Amazon will live up to the
quality of the book or will become like
the preacher show where it's slow and
boring I don't know what the boys I
don't know what the boys is either so
there we go sorry and I didn't even
bother watching the preacher show
because it just sounds like it's strange
so far from the comic why would I why
would I care mm-hmm
maybe that's changed in the later
seasons I don't I don't know it could be
I know I I watched the the / I got two
episodes into the preacher show and
really did not care for it I gave it a
shot though I gave you two episodes I
can't imagine the preacher TV show has
anywhere near the set of balls the
preacher comic had I can't imagine that
all right right do with this dragon
I'd be shot huh
I could have got my I figured HBO will
be like the only place where you can
talk I figured that'd be the only place
where would even be conceivable sure
sure am I supposed to do
game that's yeah maybe I'll have to
check out the preacher show maybe I will
I'm in West where capture y square and
use the Magic Circle
oh yeah hair star is fucking great
perfect casting I that's I'm glad to
hear it some crazy fucking character in
the books
the worst shit happens to hair star the
villain but he's just he's completely
relentless I know uh I did get to in the
in the first or so episodes our face is
in there and he was pretty funny I'm
hearing that Jesus's descendent is there
which I did not think they would have
the balls to even have that character
okay
well there you go
magic circle am I supposed to use magic
circle rich you tell me rich what are
you supposed to use magic circle
it's the game is telling you to use it I
have to capture West square which I did
and use magic circle and I guess I don't
know how to use magic circle there's a
magic circle and item you find is it a
place you go to these are these are
things I would love to tell you but I do
not know there's a dragon there's a big
dragon I can tell you that yeah I know I
know it's like a 20 year old comet board
and I didn't you know you're not really
really spoiling it but as it's an
ongoing TV show right now I don't know
if I'd spoil preacher like 20 year old
book that's that's both with the most
boiler territory yeah but currently
ongoing show so that's one of those yeah
yeah it's me that's that's a gray area
like you want to be nice but also I
wouldn't care that information has been
available for a while
which I already spoiled preacher in the
older prereq was that was one probably
when the show wasn't that could have
been or the very least what I didn't
think the show would be very faithful
see if I don't think the show's gonna be
faithful to the book then I'm just
talking about a 20 year old book right
we're getting into weird territory with
spoilers we're honestly like the rules
are written and rewritten all the time
the rules are whatever I feel like
how's that for the rule yes that's
perfect
that's perfect I love it
you a Magic Circle you can on home jack
run home okay so just a place you have
to go maybe I'm heading that way that
was kind of next on my list of things to
do as that's that's the only area like
flashing at the moment so maybe maybe I
have to come back over here
Lana needs to create the circle leader
to West square she's stuck with enemies
right now go defeat the enemies so she
can go over oh I did oh shit
oh no we wanted oh crap
did we lose now yeah we lost
motherfucking Lana get it together I'm
over here I'm over here taking out
thousand enemies Lana can't get her shit
together wanna chat if there's nobody in
the chat who wants to watch or read
preacher then go ahead and talk about
the spoilers oh you know what whatever
you people you do whatever you want man
you all just do whatever you want it's
fine we're not gonna persecute anyone
and I gotta persecute anyone I'm done
for for preacher spoilers it's done
that's fine now people are saying I'm
watching preachers then don't do it
because somebody's actively watching it
how's that how's that these are the
rules
I thought preacher was a little preacher
I thought preacher was a little preachy
hey Oh somebody somebody hasn't read
preacher
so we've captured the West square so now
I gotta go find Lana I'm coming Lana
knowledge junkie says I haven't made it
too many streams lately either of you
signed up for anything interesting
coming up like Magic the Gathering
excited sir I'm assuming right notes
just signed up
imagine the gathering arena risk of rain
- or anything else I you know what I got
enough old shit down my plate I'm I'm
not too bothered with whatever comes out
ya know nice you know I saw the I'm
paying attention to the devlog of risk
of rain - it looks it looks like they're
still figuring out the game though to be
to be honest with you so I'm not I'm not
holding my breath on that one which one
risk of rain - okay they I don't know if
they even know what's going on how do
you not know what's going on the sequel
like what are they doing something right
is it a radical departure yes yes it is
it is a third-person okay shooter now
okay I didn't call the risk afraid -
that's a weird interesting it looks like
it's going to be very similar to risk of
rain except for third person shooter but
it looks like they're going for a very
similar thing
but but it also looks like they're not
anywhere near a stage where we can even
look at the game yet you know nope nope
nope
why are you over there well comic books
or graphic novels is expensive as they
are now when you read preacher I can't
find preacher issues anywhere cheaper
than 20 bucks each by the way I live in
Europe well I mean that's the nature of
something that's out of print I mean it
goes up in price over time
preacher wasn't twenty bucks when I came
out any of you but I don't know I don't
know what's happened to comic book
prices in the last ten years cuz I
haven't been I haven't bought a comic
book in a very long time now
you know it's maybe maybe my preacher
issues are worth a mint
I don't know I don't have a lot of the
earlier ones okay
I think I got everything like the
halfway point on by digital man by if
you get if you have a tablet or I mean
heck even just you know regular computer
but if you if you have a tablet there
are a million reader you know great
comic book readers out there and they
look great on your tablet and they are
super cheap you can get a full full
trade paperback for like five six bucks
there you go
the issues are pretty expensive now
since the depths of steep death of Steve
Dylan oh yeah that's sad
he's the artist oh I like desert - nice
clean comic book style mm-hmm I like
that
that'll do it that'll drive the prices
up
well yeah don't be afraid of digital
that is that's how I consume 99% of my
comics nowadays is digital and you know
you go through a site like Amazon or
comixology and honestly comic I'll
comiXology zoned up by Amazon now so
just doesn't matter
Dylan fit preacher really well he did
because he he got the humor
Steve Steve Dylan could draw a hilarious
expression on the face of somebody
getting decapitated like nobody else
fucking hell oh that's where Lana oh I
went to rescue the wrong one oh shit
that's my fault then sorry Lana I went
to rescue the butterfly lady and
apparently that wasn't Lana I was
imagined Steve Dylan's sense of humor
was just as dark as Garth unisys
what do you die of Chad I don't expect
you know jack what Steve Dylan better
III don't know it Stevie I I don't even
know if I knows who's Steve Dylan is
Gaea drew preacher well besides that I
know you just told me that but I don't
know is that doesn't that doesn't mean
anything to me
I hate looking at this game deal with it
the stream is truly a podcast at this
point that's fine not always the case
but I think I think for most of you
that's always the case so I'm just not
gonna I'm not gonna feel too harsh about
that this is a game I really want to
play right now and I'm playing it
ruptured appendix
yeah stable cause death died of a
ruptured of yeah that still happens
apparently do you remember like in the
90s didn't it seem like it fucking
everyone was getting their appendix
taken care taken out
no oh there's just people you know
everyone was getting their appendix
taken out I don't think I know anyone
well now that I there's nothing I heard
about had their appendix removed yeah
yeah maybe I just I was hanging with the
wrong crowd I was hanging with the
appendix crowd something something in
the water when you apparently bad well
water bad well water on the farm
all right all right all right where's
Lana she's heading up there Lana has
created the magic circle fuck and
finally I'm coming Lana I'm coming you
hold that dragon
hey DT qka cuz I am NOT gonna try and
pronounce that great says speaking of
weird old comics rich have you read the
max there was an old animated series I
want to say an MTV yes there was an
animated series on MTV uh-huh for the
max and I I don't remember loving it I
was fine with the max okay you know for
an image comic at the time it wasn't bad
because most of image was garbage
yeah the the savage dragon and then you
had the max and just a lot of crap were
you a fan of the max uh no no I was not
a fan of the back okay I was a fan of I
don't I don't know I was a fan of this
good is that what you're thinking of
maybe that's what I'm thinking of I'm a
big fan of good there's another weird
comic from the 90s oh yeah yeah
scud the disposable assassin is
definitely a favor of mine die Agatha
you like Sam Keats art well he did he
didn't have a unique style
for what the max for everything he drew
yeah I like the max I like the look of
him he's a weird-looking uh I've never
read the max but I like the look of him
mm-hmm
he's a weird-looking hero and I'd and I
dig that I was someone I was talking
with someone about like good spider-man
runs today and it reminded me of it
reminded me of this this run of Peter
Parker spider-man yeah do you remember
that that comic Peter Parker spider-man
how was it called it was called
something like like excessive violence
Oh hold on I know I got it now I got to
look this up really quick just speaking
of weirdo arch what is it what is this
it was it was a storyline it was just a
story lying volume I think it was volume
for three volumes five hold on
no vol.5 hold on
it was just a story line and I want to
say it was called senseless violence
that's what it was called that sounds
less familiar Peter Parker spider-man
and the the trade is volume 5 okay and
it's called senseless violence and it
has this really over-the-top art style
that is really off-putting at first but
like as especially spider-man is really
cool-looking like like not not human
looking at all just very cartoony very
exaggerated so it's a spider-man that I
really enjoy I'm gonna say I think I
know the artist you're talking about
I just Google that hold on let's see if
I can if I can show you a page with this
spider-man because like art that was
almost like like graffiti art just hyper
exaggerated hyper exaggerated yes I
think I know exactly what you're talking
about I can't think of his name let's
see if Amazon can tell us who wrote this
did you know wrote it someone in the
chat look it up and tell me who or who
drew it Ramos that sounds familiar
yes yes Ramos Humberto Ramos I think
that's it that it Humberto Ramos that
sounds right that sounds like the artist
I love are you sure it was Peter Parker
spider-man or not spectacular I thought
he did some runs in spectacular yeah
Peter Parker spider-man oh it was even
more exaggerated than that but yeah
that's that's pretty close yeah I can
love that his eyes I love his like the
big black part of his Iseman just the
tiny white little slits ah yeah that's
um
art yeah I don't like it when the white
of the eyes is too big now some good art
and you know like it had some really
neat villains and it's a really good
story and at the at the end of that was
that that was that that's that really
needs Sandman's
story that's that's that's the cover
issue I remember fuck yeah Humberto
Ramos drew some great spider-man through
some fucking great spider-man and and
yeah that senseless violence trade is
Jaso a wonder many many years ago
because I'm an old old man you know III
like a lot of different style of art but
I I really do like it when when an
artist has a personality doing doing it
you know doing a Google image search at
the time I don't think I gave him enough
love at the time well it's different
it's it's a it's a big and interesting
art style you know uh-huh and so I could
see it especially if you're coming from
someone like like romita jr. oh yeah you
know who do I love for me to do I know I
know you do that's why I bring it up but
if you're coming from someone like him
who drew you know very human looking
should be proportions yeah yeah then
then you go to Humberto Ramos and it's a
it's his fucking kick to the head
yeah what am I supposed to do
being an old man is a problem that's
just going to get worse I'm all aware
yeah being an old man doesn't go away
rich I think you're one of the few that
love Junior junior / junior senior that
that might be true yes
I definitely do though just rich Junior
is my favorite spider-man artist by far
Zack of the axis says Milwaukee was
wonderful it reminds me a lot of Buffalo
where I live
Jack yeah thanks for telling me about
Vanguard great food yeah thank God the
only disappointment was finding out I
couldn't buy beer from a store after
9:00 oh yeah I guess I should have
warned you about that that is a shock to
most people but at least we're not
Minnesota Minnesota actually I think
they just recently got rid of this rule
Minnesota used to not sell beer on
Sundays still didn't Indiana used to be
that way maybe him maybe it still is for
all I know right but I remember that
being a thing in Indiana
it just got rid of the room like you
know there's there's like neighbor
there's like towns what town is it over
there look Eclair
like who a lot of their business is just
selling booze to people from Minneapolis
mm-hmm on Sundays this is pretty short
drive where are you gonna start bidding
on sports more now that gambling will
get passed in more States I'm probably
not I'm gonna lose my damn money
gambling is fun in moderation but don't
make it away a life hard to make a
living off of the only have you only
gamble what you're willing to lose
you'll be you'll be all right yeah I
think that's the problem for a lot of
people though is figuring out what
you're willing to lose go to the casino
expecting to lose 100 bucks like think
of it like that's what you're just gonna
pay that's that's what you're gonna pay
to have a fun night you expect to lose
that money you'll have a nice time to
casino
oh shit but don't go expect to spend 100
and when you lose that well here's
another hundred and is that's this we
start running into problems yeah I lost
that 100 I need to make that back so I
got spent to
okay who's following
West Coast wants to know whose game is
worth getting I think it is kinda all
depends on how much you like this style
of game I mean you're watching it this
it's it doesn't get deeper than this it
you you run around and and you hit the
things so I guess you kind of got to
decide for yourself if that's something
you enjoy I frankly you know do enjoy it
a lot but you know if you don't that's
that's you you tell me the artist on
that spider-man run was francisco
herrera
not Humberto Ramos Francisco Carrera
Carrera herrr aid and we need some
confirmation on this because obviously
we want to you know credit the right
person here
so who who tells us in baritone Ramos
and are you wrong well the one I'm
thinking about I'm pretty damn sure it
was Ramos
so I'm said no the specific story you're
talking about you're not I can't say for
sure because I did not read that story
and here he is credited on the Marvel
site who I don't know they didn't say
you want to switch back over yeah yeah
let's figure this out let's figure this
out because I really enjoy that art
style
there's the monster here
well that cover looks like john romita
jr. but that's just the cover right okay
so they're saying they're saying art by
Francisco herrera's say Sam Keith
Michael O'Hara and Corey Randolph so oh
there you go okay yep you guys are right
because that Deadpool looks like him too
that Deadpool looks like very very uh
online go back to his name let me google
his name for a second hold on right
there
Fran Cisco okay
I got it let me look at images for
Francisco Herrera oh yes that's that's
the one right there okay that's the one
you guys are absolutely right
I never should have doubted chat until
well it was also chat who said Alberto
Ramos yes
Francisco Herrera is the artist look at
that I think Ramos was definitely a guy
I was thinking about look at that look
at that spider-man and black hat look at
how big and weird that is I love it
fucking love it and now I know alright
and now I know Thank You Chet Thank You
Chad for you know giving me the wrong
name and then correcting that's all that
matters all right let me get back to the
game now Francisco Herrera
I gotta figure out what I'm doing here
cheap saboteurs west
okay okay we're doing we're gonna order
over doing fine everything's fine
everything's fine
is to your fire thing let's do your fire
thing and let me hit you come on
yeah Mike Mike Mike yeah
now sting it
hi how's dungeons and dragons going very
well it's going very very well where I'm
working on the the second part of my of
my epic tale right now I'm working on
writing it and in the meantime my
ten-year-old who played with us insisted
on writing his own story because you
know he had he had just such a good time
playing that he wanted to he wanted to
be the dungeon man yeah
and so you know that's one of those
things like oh man he's played one game
of Dungeons Dragon and wants to be the
dungeon master all right and he actually
wrote a like a pretty decent little
thing for us you know most of it was
combat which is which is fair because
that's the part he really liked mm-hmm
but he actually wrote a really neat trap
for us where we got to the treasure room
and we were going after the the The Lost
fish statue of Atlantis I don't know why
it was lost fish statue it but you know
that just does not matter you're setting
the seeds for this kid to be a loser in
high school for him to be very creative
and have lots of friends is what you
mean right
yeah yeah he's very creative so many so
many people are gonna think he's so
creative yeah you know doom started out
as a D&D; campaign oh yeah yeah see there
you go
I bet John Carmack played D&D;
that the all of Ede studios so there you
go I rest my case
and I guess Carmack was was was very
anal about you know there being actual
consequences for things sure sure and
Romero did something stupid and unleash
demons upon the world
and that was just the end of the
campaign it's like the demons one ha ha
ha Carmack wasn't willing to have a
creative solution out it was just like
no you released the demons demons took
over who's done you've destroyed the
world John Romero you've destroyed the
world huh see and that you know that
demons invading that that was what
eventually you know became doom so what
you're saying is D&D; is what was really
great and it's definitely something that
I feel I have nothing against D&D; Jay
but but so you know we were going after
the the lost fish statue of Atlantis
right and oh yeah and and we find it in
in the DNG campaign that my 10 year old
row yeah and we find the fish statue and
you know we get to the the fish statue
room and it's it's just the statue
sitting at the end of a long room no
enemies and as I'll get something yeah
something's definitely happening here
and you know we both me and my wife
tried to you know role perception to see
if we could find any traps and we did we
didn't roll high enough and we weren't
able to find any traps uh-huh and and so
you know we take we take the fish statue
off of off of the little pedestal it's
on and all of a sudden it triggers a
trap of course and what he built in the
room what he built you know like we he
has the room drawn out we have this
giant grid paper so you draw through but
there's Legos everywhere because I use
Legos for all of our props and so what
he built you're playing D&D; with your
family it's the most adorable thing I'm
honestly I'm loving it I think I think
it's great I think it oh great we're
getting some neighbors to come by
because we were talking about D&D; and
that they might join us they have a kid
in my kids age and and so they're gonna
try to join us and oh yeah I've never
played D&D; either in their you know
adults
oh it's great fun so what he did was he
built a lego ceiling to go over this
room that had forced at like four stacks
of like two by two bricks right and so
goes the ceiling starts lowering and he
goes and this is how I have no idea how
he figured this rule out but he's like
for every action you take the ceiling
will lower so you need to figure out is
the door locked
and the ceiling happens and so it's just
like oh shit oh shit I'm going to
inspect the pedestal you know roll for
perception and we don't see anything on
the pedestal that was one action and he
takes away one of the two bites you
break so
so he's actually lowering the ceiling as
we're playing of course you know we have
little Lego guys right so eventually
like we get so far down our Lego guys
have to actually physically bang down to
be in there and and it was a door we
didn't get out of the room how'd you get
out of the room the key was and there
was a little nurse hints on the wall we
found some hints on the wall the fish
the the the sacred stone fish was the
key we had to use the fish to get out of
the room but of course we were looking
for keys and looking for other things
I'm impressed
but his solution was that you have to
use the fish of course I'm impressed
oh it was good fun oh yeah I'm here yeah
no I I was really impressed you know a
lot of a lot of his campaign was a bit
of a was a bit of a slog just because
it's a lot of kind of older of course
but I'm saying for a ten-year-old yeah
like he came up with some really good
bits and of course it was us as a family
it was our second time playing and so no
he came up with some really good bits
where am i if your kid was the DM what
was your character I decided to be a
half-orc monk and by the way I decided
this purely because like I found like a
character randomizer yeah and and I
found a half-orc Monken and I saw I
looked in the player handbook and that
actually seemed pretty cool okay a monk
is like a is like a kungfu D&D; character
and so I thought that was really neat
like they use a hand-to-hand combat they
can take to combat turns okay
or they can do to combat worth of damage
and so like he had some cool things
going with them so so I was playing a
monk
was my character half-orc monk and I
thought it was rather important that
just cuz my other kid is a ranger to
have someone who's who has a decent
amount of strength found the team how's
that chicken again
so know as a boy monk also half they
know they know me half-orc monks are
usually bald so so it's just like and so
we found it leggo dude and it's just me
a shirtless dude with that little like
monk skirt thing we found a good Lego
form just like you but wrong and like
two big things yeah lower jaw exactly
doing kung-fu oh my God look the moon is
crushing the dragon I get it I get it
yeah then the moon turned into fairies I
don't know oh well no the great fairy
brought the moon down that was that the
great fairy pond awakened and it doesn't
matter fanservice
oh shit
yeah boom
I got you dragon so you know it was fun
I'd like to work there's there's so much
with character building that we haven't
even dived into yet just because it's so
it gets so deep you know like you're
supposed to kind of fashion a backstory
and yeah and so so there is a whole lot
that I don't quite understand yet
like there's allegiances and alliances
and all sorts of stuff that I'll get to
eventually button oh it's the Majoris
game or the the Twilight Princess game
yeah
Jack wasn't I by the way I was thinking
of Bard I was that was my first choice
was Bard
because they're like magic users who use
musical instruments of course and I did
want to do more spells but then I
thought that we could really use someone
we could use a bruiser is what I was
thinking just because of the other
people in my party I wanted to make sure
that we force yeah just someone who
could throw some punches did you figure
your kids campaign was gonna be combat
heavy yes it's very very much so that's
what he enjoyed oh ya know and the the
other thing that I figured out he really
enjoyed was was looting he he was really
adamant about like every single box oh
my god I died every single box in every
single room like he made sure to place
like five or six boxes in every room and
at least one or two always had something
in it like he loved and then he wrote
out little on little scraps of paper
like what they were and handed him out
to us so we could loot everything and
that that's what the part he really
loves it's just like oh yeah he was a
sword and this is the sword of strength
and it gives you this and this is the
sword of nightmares and it's yeah like
he drew a little picture I was adorable
it was always great it was just great
so yeah we had a great time we had a
great time we are gonna play it more and
and I'm really looking forward to it
really looking forward to playing it
more and you know more so getting more
than like we have a lot of LEGO pieces
for like rooms stuff but I want I want
outdoor stuff like everybody that I've
seen who has videos like has a just a
collection of miniatures like I want a
little trees and little buildings to put
on my map I want I want shit to put on a
map so like a Games Workshop in the area
a Games Workshop and that are the people
that have all that miniature stuff oh
yeah like there's um what do we have we
have board game barrister here oh yeah
they probably do stuff like that too so
they probably have stuff like that and
you know everybody has been very shit
you know ton of people have been very
like supportive and vocal about ways to
get shit and and so I have plenty of
stop it she'd find any old hobby store
and get the that kind of fake foliage
they use for railroad tracks yeah that's
what I need any train stuff all kinds of
little trees yeah mossy clumps for
bushes need to find a model train store
but yeah like that's the thing there's
stuff everywhere and you know just go to
ebay or go to go to fucking every garage
sale that you come across so I'm not
worried because we have so many Legos
that that were we're gonna be fine for a
while arts arts
gotcha
gotcha dragon
gotcha Drago
I deal with some of these peripheral
characters now because we have so many
of them oh oh I beat someone apparently
okay great great that's great
everything's great alright alright try
it
Oh what's happening like I'm supposed to
fucking not I thought I was supposed to
know but glowing greens that he's
invulnerable hey I wish I could tell you
man
I thought I knew what was going on I
thought I had it under control
Jack I think killing all those dudes
just made more dudes come in yes yes I
see that there's so many dudes that's
okay we can just keep killing this
dragon I think I have to kill a dragon
come on keep keep fighting him please
thank you keep fighting him and plant it
nice kill the dudes kill the dudes
yeah and dragon everything's gonna be
fine I got I got this boss down now I
know what's up I know the score
or do i there is a really old
Ghostbusters RPG that is interesting as
well
Ghostbusters RPG mm-hmm why a business
RPG well that's it like they're like I
said they're just so fucking that like
D&D; that has this whole like commerce
system like we're supposed to have a
home that we go to every once in a like
there there is there there's all this
stuff that I don't know yet just because
I'm I'm not involved in regular campaign
jumping but yeah there's a lot that that
I just have no idea about that is part
of the game running the business oh I
wasn't being sarcastic I just presumed
it would be yeah I'd be disappointed of
running your business wasn't part of the
egos Foster's role-playing game right
come on there we go there we go we're
doing it we're doing it it's great it's
going great it's going great
it's going great it's going great
shit let's go great but a lot of hurts
well I'm almost how about a heart how
about a heart
do you just have to kill the dragon I
think I don't know shit shit shit how do
you get it down on the ground that seems
to be the only way you can injure it oh
yeah when his tail turns blue I shoot it
I shoot it with a hook shot it's a
couple over there - behind you there oh
good I got a steel I got still okay
here we go here we go this should be it
this should be it there should be it hit
him die you damn yeah oh good alright
thank the maker
oh okay okay full help from doing that
great Jesus Christ how long does this go
on for fucking Everett oh that's great
oh now I gotta fight dances so you see
now I gotta fight Santa okay come here
Santa
give me nothing I mean nothing compared
to that dragon
week
your week we got nothing
hey Randy
this is a this is a little excessive
I'll be honest this is good this is
going out for a long time it's going on
for a very long time you're saying it'll
be faster if you had a good weapon or a
higher level yeah well obviously this is
store or we're good at the game oh there
you go there it is there it is thank you
they're dicks check our chat is full of
dicks full full of dicks
that's why you know what it's gonna be
fine
there we go there we go boom
that didn't do anything
gosh dang it would you guys hit him it's
like are you part of this army
I am like I'm just playing the story
mode I'm not I'm not really like mid
maxing or you know like grinding my
character at all this is just kind of
where I am in the story so Jack keeps
switching out characters every level
this game is stupidly designed for you
to stick with one character the whole
game and you'll level up at the correct
rate no because every certain levels you
can only choose certain characters so in
this level if you look on the top left
you'll see Midna and butterfly girl do
they intend for you to go through the
whole thing is linked no you can't you
can't I can only be midnight butterfly
girl on this level yeah so so whoever
said that is incorrect I'm playing the
story mode where you have to be specific
characters at specific times okay as you
as you know tyreel I think if you're
playing free mode Scott 905 75 in chat
says this game doesn't seem very good
III you know I said that earlier and I
was the worst human being that ever
exists
Scott son I'd watch your back in that
chat yeah I'd watch your back in there
well I'm having a good time but we can
call it yeah okay good get his way for
this story thing to be over tits McGee
is back tits McGillicuddy yep
that who right
are they supposed to be the same how is
that in its like anime how are you
supposed to tell yeah her face it just
looks like yours just like cloud 2 and
Goku um yeah that's the problem
but we made it so much stuff great great
great
oh we got so much stuff no that's stuff
we got fuck yeah fuck yeah well we
earned a medal
we earned another medal great shit yeah
I don't know what that is not to be
disrespectful but the same could be said
about Steve Dylan's drawings well the
same could be said about a lot of
different art styles I said about every
Jim Davis character right and who was it
you know Ida you're not on social media
as much as I am but I'll tell you my
speaking of characters looking alike
might why not one of my favorite
rebuttals a lot of people have been very
whiny and monie about this whole
Thundercats Go situation yeah and one of
the big complaints that we heard here in
chat is this looks just like every other
Cartoon Network show with big goofy
characters which is why I was thinking
of that what the anime because you could
say the same thing about the anime well
and so my hanna-barbera cartoons well my
favorite one was someone took like all
the old like GI Joe and transformers
carried like and put all their faces
next to each other they're fucking
identical like fucking identical yes you
can say that about a lot of art styles
oh I'm just so fucking sick of that art
style that's fair but I mean it's just
that's what's in style right now for
better or worse right and right that's
what all the hip kids are doing all the
hep kids are making big goofy styles oh
I don't I don't know if I did talk about
this this just because it won't mean
much to rich who stupidly has not seen
the expanse yet but in hindsight didn't
I make the right choice
no no cuz because oh my god
sci-fi cancel the expanse but apparently
mr. B's os-- is a big fan no Jack huh it
pays to be a billionaire okay you get
any TV show you won as long as the a
billionaire loves a show you don't have
to worry again
so it's expanse season 5 is coming to
Amazon Prime streaming very good news or
season 4 I forget what season but no
it's still a very good show it's
phenomenal there it's it's a so far this
season has been fantastic and I'm really
happy that they got picked up by Amazon
really happy
dr. evil saved the day you know you know
that we can have some problem with the
bees oh s--- but but he that's one
positive tic what's what's the problem
with the bee sauce what did he ever did
it was terrible his he treats his
employees me i I'm not hip to this
apparently working at an Amazon sorting
facility is absolute hell on earth okay
and and many i think i've heard that
many of his employees actually even
though they work full-time jobs still
have to apply for government support
because they don't get paid enough and
so yeah okay you know which is fair
amazon is the new Walmart and here's
where we are but he gets one one good
tick you saved us Joe I like
we can't say too many bad things on them
as we are streaming through his channel
I just thought about that oh shit