Episode 103
Questing in SPAAAAAAAAAAaaaace (pt. 2)
June 7, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xN29neOVLkw
_______________________________________

so this is gonna be 16 look at computer
ah we are here this is where we might
need the dislike the games
copy-protection
we might need the manually go to this or
that sector it's right here I got it up
for you yeah cuz this is all this is all
a big load of hooey oh wait
scan try it oh maybe I'm wrong planet
Ortega is that our planet no resume scan
planet the Lieb Hut light atmosphere one
known settlement let's resume scan fully
but monolith burger fast-food dive let
me see what else they got well I guess
we go to the fast-food diet or Philebus
legislate pot pourri again why cuz it's
potpourri potpourri all yeah potpourri
you're right hemisphere one known
settlement so do we go do we go to flee
but or do we go to the burger joint I'm
not telling you what the fuck do man
what do you know what do you think what
do you think I get if I were in this
situation I would go to the closest
thing possible which is the burger hut
ok so I would just go to the closest
thing ok so set course is to calculating
course course locked
Oh crews really I don't know you're a
spaceman I hadn't know if Lightspeed was
gonna kill me
everything kills me in this game bitch I
go well just say first and don't get too
to bet out of shape about it oh what's
this oh shit
identity confirmed Roger Wilco case
something yeah wanted fur vending
machine fraud what judgment terminates
shit shit shit you've got time yeah okay
I get it okay so then we go to light
speed robot bounty hunter is on my tail
Bink all right
here we go Lightspeed a flash flashing
message on your monitor attracts your
attention
approaching monolith burger oh great I
can do the whoop yeah that's great all
right go to monolith burger with the
docking maneuver completed the engine
shut down welcome to monolith burger and
as soon as I can I'm gonna save yes you
pop the hatch and ramble on end here we
are and look at that it's the save
button save number 17 Hey
you know we should do now look around
the decor like the food is the same in
monolith burgers all over the universe
generic counter clerks are eagerly
waiting to help you diverse life forms
are crowded around the counter and
sitting in booths consuming what can
only loosely be termed as food okay you
gon says rich did you play deadly
premonitions I might have a copy lying
around no I'm sure weirdest that's
that's a game that the chat used to be
all up in our ass about yeah it's the
that's the twin peaks' s okay it might
have been a point-and-click adventure
okay forget astro chickens ask um soft
mostly I don't know I don't think I have
a bukka's ID okay I don't think I have a
bukka's ID so I'm gonna leave I have no
bukka's ID to my name Oh
welcome to my welcome to monolith burger
may I take your order
oh he's employee of the week
hi do you have any money
nope bye let's talk to these people
look
talk you try ordering food is an option
I don't have any money you just see what
happens oh I can sit down okay
can't talk talk no talk to customer no
oh okay
sorry oh oh you can go back here right
oh just go around now week I'm just I'm
curious to see what happens if you try
ordering food sure it's dark no I talk
to customers have better things to talk
to small brained bit the guys to my head
sorry the customers have better things
to do than talk to a small brain biped
from a hick planet shit sorry suckers
I'll get out of your way alright let's
try this again
order food
choose number to order mini monolith
monolith monolith nepali cheese jumbo
monolith apologies fool big Belcher
combo yeah crazy sloppy slurp yeah let's
do that
six thank you would you like something
to drink with that when you like
something drink with that yes would you
like some space buds with that yes would
you like a Bart fruit pie with that yes
especially a free drink with every
purchase okay your total is nine buck
asides no no no money
sorry
try pay man pay no money no food dude oh
okay all right so we can't we just can't
we need money we need bukka's OIG's well
you know what since that person left the
airlock maybe I can get into their ship
now and steal some bukka's IDEs nope I
definitely cannot do that let's see if I
learned my lesson
I did not oh look he comes back
blaster blasts to the forehead is not
your idea of fun
fortunately it didn't hit anything
important all right so I need some I
need some bukka's OIG's is the thing
here there is that other planet that
might have a buck is owed on it and I'm
gonna get some food this is possible um
let's see here
can I search game no look at game jiggle
you guys ever stream doom again well
quite possibly hmm nope it's one of my
favorite damn games it's a great game
I've never played the PC version of doom
really I play well I remember for that
small window when I had an Xbox one oh
wow I played it on the Xbox one
you're gonna copy I do have a copy now
it was on sale oh ok so I have a copy
for the PC now I just never played it on
the PC ha ha because because if you
remember that was way back in the day
when I wasn't very comfortable with
Keith Mouse I do things have changed
since then I have become way more
comfortable keyboard and mouse alright
well let's you know let's go check out
that other planet yes Jack check the
coin return slot I did check the corner
stir in slot check out some other
planets you know somebody's saying
search your ship I think I think we
looked around the ship pretty thoroughly
but will you try it you can try the
search ship man in there
search seat cushions you find among
variously colored wads seven
well shit dog now I got a doc again know
it let's land I think you're already
landed you never took off you just in
your seat in the dock no I am NOT oh
okay uh computer I didn't know that was
in the game either oh shit
I remember getting I remember getting
bukka's eyes on one of the other planets
all that shit you bought was nines IDEs
yeah but there was other options there
was other options you see
get out Oh get up you do need to buy
something specific off the menu
I remember that I need to buy something
well we'll see what seven bucks woods is
or six bucks toys and save oh yeah you
know I was just thinking about saving
because I'm about to push that button
and that could mean that I die yeah
eighteen so now we're going to push
button nope how about push button
are you not docked I I thought I was
stupidly when you might have to go to
another planet and then come back to the
restaurant or just six or just explore
the other planet
yeah um pew tour okay oh no here we go
is that course
and we're pretty close I mean we didn't
leave so I can I set the course gosh
dang it
they said you push the button when you
probably should just leave the the the
hatch try open hatch
okay wait the reason the reason you got
out of the hatch when you push the
button in there yeah because the when
you push the button the Hat of the
landing gear and know where to go down
cuz it was embedded in dust oh yeah here
it might actually want you to open the
hatch
nope where's it still thanks for moving
land is there an option to land and so
so so check this out
so if I go to navigation system so
there's land but open Oh Landing service
available right so you got a navigation
system right and then you go to scan
just just go somewhere else yeah I have
to cuz like if I go here I can try to
set course right but then it doesn't
quite work nope yeah and it says no
Corps selected and so I think I think
the game doesn't expect you to get in to
go to leave the the restaurant to get in
the ship yeah and then try to get back
out yeah I think the game just didn't
anticipate that got you even though they
should have well let's go to that other
planet and I don't want to go to the
volcano planet I'll go to the other one
because that that seems like a bad idea
there's another one around here there we
go well plum 5 said course sleep on now
that's a better name anyway FLE have
flee but sleep Hut
of course locked Lightspeed that many
playtesters back when this is made yeah
probably not the computer does have a
land option but there's no way to was
great out there was no way to oh you
could press the land but there was no
place to land because no course was
selected because you couldn't select the
course in the square that you were
already in yeah okay okay little little
messed up
I could probably now go back there if I
wanted to but so now if we land we'll
land on fee button
shouldn't there be epic music - here sir
us music option and uh probably not
every once in a while there's there was
music like there's music without arted
but okay just don't think it was that
much music in the games this all right
hey let's save okay ah that's computer
oh my radars already on all right yeah
up press but Tom batoon as you step out
of your ship onto the surface of flee
but you are hit in the face by a harsh
winds it looks like a storm is brewing
meanwhile another spacecraft touches
down elsewhere on the planet he looks
great
totally not the Terminator totally not
the Terminator
he's the predator yep Oh
oh gosh dang well uh hey right away
really right away can you are you stuck
yeah I gotta wait look at snake
you sure wish you had one like that
space twice
is that a dick joke I think it is what I
you a sure wish I had you had one like
that oh yeah yeah save after they have
yeah I am gosh dang it
snakes Space Quest and you're always
killing you just for just for going to a
second screen it kills him it's brutal
in artificially inflating the length of
a game by by making a alright hey hey
guess what we're gonna be guys save Luke
20 hey let's try going this way now not
towards the snake oh no a venomous
scorpion something I was curious if the
solo review had hit yet oh we would know
the channel why you know what you're
right the chat would let us know this
you're right I can't the solo review
hits don't you worry okay yep there's
things up there that I don't want to
mess with those are neat
okay can I go up here is that gonna kill
me did that kill me this is gonna kill
me oh I've know how idea how far the
enemies the score preside stinger hits
its mark sending electro plasmic venom
into your system Death Comes quickly
that neat thing back there though I know
I want to go see that thing
thanks for playing space quest 3 as
usual you've been a real hoot
well shit okay well this was the right
way to go I think all right Chad I have
no interest in playing the Old Republic
game so I have no idea if the storylines
are better can't can't just forced or
run away gee that's a very good idea
Oh got your game my wait
look around
so you see several large rocks here one
rock is a large overhang and almost
appears to be a cave under the overhang
you see several large pulsating pods but
look at the overhang all the cracks in
that ya know I wonder what I wonder
rich Nights the OVA poop was one of my
all-time favorite games you would
probably really like it - great game I
hate the Jedi yep
I absolutely despised them there we go
there we go
I knew that was everything wants to kill
you jack I know it wants to kill me what
what I was wondering is if there was any
sort of delay cuz here was my thought
rich my thought is won the shoes start
to chase me could I run under that and
have those catch the shoe guy I don't
know no the answer's no why no why why
okay I dunno one way or the other but
I'm not saying right and I know that the
answer is no because I died immediately
I just died without hesitation so I know
now but you know I'm testing some
theories because I know I'm gonna have
to deal with the term the not the
Terminator soon enough I do see that
this cave though has clear cracks in it
so you know right now I'm just kind of
exploring the area this is gonna have
another like scorp avoid in it isn't it
oh oh no it's not
okay that was nice now I'm over here
oh no wait what's that sign say remember
it pauses when you start typing read
just ahead and visit the MOG Memorial
and the galaxy's famous world Oh wonders
by skorpa Zoid that work what shit
without without spoiling what to do is
there a hint on how to navigate around
this area is there an in-game a hint
what I'm guessing is I have to go to the
left when I get that sign and that is
what's just ahead okay so that was here
I went up this area
I say the game is telling you we're not
to go pretty well yep
the score preside is a random beastie
leave the screen and come back I think
well this corpus oh I didn't kill me but
I went ahead to the sign but the sign
was facing that way so I'm gonna go okay
I'm gonna go this way now oh that was
the big monster yeah it's a tourist trap
it's a tourist trap yeah y'all come back
now you hear hey give me your money get
my fucking chef's make me sick
AHA tourist trap this giant metal
facsimile of a space beast is nothing
more than a cheap marketing ploy
designed to suck in any moron dumb
enough to fall for such trickery you
suddenly feel like a tell moron you peer
through the glass of a display case and
find a cute and cuddly little creature a
small sign on the glass informs you that
this is an Antarian slime devil how cute
yeah hey stranger names Blatz fester
Blatz welcome to world ohh wonders go
ahead and have a look at some of the
trendiest items known universe make the
most of your vacation mechanoids okay
the cast-off refuse of a dozen worlds
clings to every available service of the
store you're astonished at the diversity
you're even more astonished that someone
would buy this stuff
well sing out what's it go how about a
nice alright on a stick the kids are
just loved this where we're taking hours
of fun for the whole family
you sound look how kids suck guys kept
eating you in the first one now here's a
red hot item the official Astro chicken
fly it hat you'll really turn some hands
in this sport little number it's modeled
after the hot new arcade game is
sweeping the galaxy go on any high temp
planets this nice player thermo we
wonder where I'll keep their internal oh
by how much by underwear by underwear
today
what's underwear AE y AR EA are not ok
bye
under what year by under where cost 20
oh shit
everything here costs 25 bukka's OIG's
you need you need bug Lloyd's don't take
your time do you feel pressure to buy
anything I need some buckas IDEs shit I
got seven oh well I'm getting out of
here hope no that's not what I wanted
but I have it Oh nope yep want any hints
walk away fuck fuck
so this is Roger Wilco the man I have
been sent across the universe to track
down the terminate I am NOT impressed
you are too easy to find you tend to
leave a mess wherever you go seems you
forgot to pay for that Lebanon terror
beast mating call whistle
see I'm turning into like God like
Arabian slowly it's great yeah with the
interest I come to 400,000 baka swords
the good people at the get beloit
novelty call our most displeased
non-payment is a serious offence get
back to the choppa but lucky for you I'm
in a good mood today I will count to 10
real slow
then I track you down if you make it to
your ship I forget I see you but if I
catch you again I dust you like bundt
cake shit I can't I don't have a very
good Arne that's fine ok
do not save do not save I don't I don't
necessarily know that that's true well
not now but I mean I think he has
everything he needs to get past this
goddammit
I was so close I wanted to get him to
this thing ah shit
ah ah shit where oh fuck I'm Way far
away well you know what this will give
me an opportunity to actually explore a
different area without going to the
world of wonders let's see if I can go
somewhere else and get some buckles
first and then maybe I can get enough
bukka's woods to get them Underpants he
didn't turn you into a worm
he literally kept winding you like a rag
yeah yeah he rang out all the blood in
my body there are no other areas in this
planet that's not a hundred percent true
nope what huh what I'm back at a ship
yeah my ship you go left at loops you
just keep going the one that's fucked up
that's crazy
I wonder where Arnie ship is I'd love to
find that
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do did ah what do you fucked
down ah okay this way
fine I'll go this way
how bad is the solo box office without
saying what I think of the movie
everyone keeps talking about him I don't
know I don't know if if official numbers
are out yet I think and the estimates
are very low for the solo box office
movie yeah but I don't know if there are
any official numbers yet but all
estimates have it ad kind of what I've
heard is like Justice League numbers low
over here hello yes that's you know what
that's kind of bullshit yeah the
randomised scorpions okay but I have a
plan now okay
I'm gonna try to get and get in the back
door get an old mister oh no I'm old mr.
foot I'm gonna go in the foot and see if
if I can find some bukka's OIG's back
there and if I see a scorpion now I know
what to do all right
and and the other thing I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna save by that's yep that's
definitely kind of bullshit uh yeah it
is I guess I like it's just easy to know
what you're dealing with after a while
which is it's not like I said it's just
all bullshit maybe there should only be
one Star Wars movie every year or every
two years
well there currently is only one a year
just the timing on this one it's much
closer to the last gen I then then you
think it should be because it's not
coming out in December or November or
whatever but Marvel seems to do okay yes
you're inside one of the moons legs
there is an elevator shaft - complete
with elevator push button I should have
saved I didn't save I should have saved
you saved by the ship yeah I'll save
when I get to the top here assuming it
doesn't crush me didn't crush me 21
uh yeah Martha's alright Marvel makes a
lot of money
Star Wars made a lot of money the last
Jedi made a shit ton of money
why isn't some whoa that's a great
question I think news of directorial
change might've frightened it could
frighten people I do think that in
general we might be getting beyond that
the last Jedi yeah though I really
enjoyed it
many people did not really yeah and that
kind of harsh divisive miss can also
just kind of numb people to a franchise
like like Marvel is pretty good across
the board and that's what everyone says
about Ruffalo yeah they're pretty good
and like there's no like I hate it I
love it yeah but with the last Jedi
there was that super harsh like it's
either the greatest thing ever or the
worst thing ever
our Wars makes people insane yes and for
the general audience that could just
numb them right and so then solo comes
out and then they go you know what I
don't even want to deal with it you are
within the cavernous interior of mogs
belly an elevator shaft leads down and
stairs run between the first and second
level platforms the heavy equipment
necessary to automate MOG it can be seen
in the upper level okay look at mint
hasn't been good since the any Star Wars
hasn't been necessary since the eighties
hey wow you guys are good streamers
that's true I'm sure that's some some
top tier level sarcasm oh very good
streamers so what do you what are you
saying and what are you trying to
accomplish I don't know yet I'm trying
to figure out what I'm supposed to
accomplish and quick-quick meant trying
to know I'm trying to figure out what it
is I'm supposed to think Jack yeah a
typo Oh II meant the large electric
motor providing power for mogs
automation hums noisily away on the
second level platform right
look at gears it appears that the gears
provide the power linkage for the
machinery moving mogs arms and jaw it
seems that they haven't heard of OSHA
here on flee but there isn't even a
guardrail around them I sure wouldn't
want to fall in there all right
all right
no I love your face going around I fell
in there you can see I don't think I
never noticed before I'm glad I'm glad I
could bring this horrible what am I
supposed to do here yeah there's gotta
be something I was supposed to do here
right how much do you want me to say you
tell me you tell me how much you want me
to say it I'll say it no nothing
okay nothing you know I just it's just
one of those things where like I might
be totally like not I'm not I might not
be looking in the right area and so I
might be wasting time but I want to
figure things out here yeah yeah the
first thing I like I uh I'm not seeing
any new tips actually since we've read
this new tip we've had I've had issues
every now and then where I don't think
I'm getting all of the tips that's
possible are you gonna click the refresh
button and I did if that works I did and
I have people saying I haven't read the
tip and I have read everything that I
have okay but I don't have one from
dreamer TK so obviously we're busy now
but and I think we need to look into
this I don't want to and I want to screw
people over that's not my thing
agreed I'm calling Jim and fuckers I got
nothing rich I got nothing i got glowing
gems and bukka's ODEs as useless as
usual not reading the subs we do that at
the end of the stream man that we have
you ever been to a stream before that's
what we do at the end of every stream
oh this okay that's that all that
information for who subbed that's that's
on the computer that Jack is currently
using yeah I don't have that here man
man listen Bank Jack how would you write
this puzzle as a DM well as a DM you're
tapping into your DM right dream and you
were just getting shit well so as as a
DM and maybe maybe I do it differently I
have my solution figured out first okay
so like as a DM you know what you want
your players to accomplish I want them
to get this jewel and then you start
putting barriers in front of them right
yeah oh well to get this jewel there's a
locked door to get through the lock door
there's a puzzle to figure out the
puzzle there's this to get to that post
you know like I don't even know what the
solution is that's just a room right and
there's stuff in there but I can't even
fathom what what that stuff is for it
killed me yes it did and so one thought
that I have okay
yeah thinking up thinking out loud I
think that's useful one thought that I
have which didn't necessarily work out
last time is if I get the Terminator to
chase me up there I can use the gears to
kill the Terminator okay but I don't
think that would work because you need
an elevator to get up there and if I
take the elevator up there the
Terminator then can't follow me in the
elevator you can always check it out
right the here's what I'm gonna do right
for right now I'm gonna see if I can get
to the other side the other the other
foot I want to see if there's anything
in the other foot
yeah I'll come back man here don't
forget to save oh shit I saved at the
top of the tower some clothes but yeah
and so like that that's the thing when
when I kind of make puzzles I have a
solution figured out first yes and I
don't know what the objective is yet
nope fact what am i finishing with as
fidgets spinner fine because I need one
because I fidget constantly feed you
constantly
GARP alright Vania bloodshot says any
reason why there wasn't a Deadpool to
half in the bag
also what did you guys think about it
overall I haven't seen it and I don't
tell Mike and Jay what to review man
that yeah that ain't our business you're
asking the wrong person
yep a different show star her ball says
are you guys excited excited for
Incredibles 2 god damn yep also thanks
for not compromising your values and
being yourselves the streams or the
highlights of my week you're welcome
yeah you know the Incredibles 1 is a
fantastic movie it's just it's one of
the best superhero movies out there it's
one of the best Pixar movies out there
it's just incredible
so yeah number two should be good though
you know Brad Bird did hit a small snag
with what was moving it in between
Tomorrowland
yeah but hey we all we all we all make a
stink sometimes all right so now I'm up
here how does J keep his hair and beard
looking so bad nificent asking for a
friend
okay here's what you tell your friend
the secret rat urine tell your friend he
needs to soak his beard overnight in rat
urine yes
shit okay oh no this is good this is
what we wanted right shit oh wait you
know you know he can get up there yeah
now how do I get him into the gears I
did not think this thorough I did not
think this through is he gonna throw me
into the gears now maybe yeah you tell
me when you want hints okay yeah he
follows me up there yeah let me go up
there and play a little bit okay before
you before you give me a hint
you want to know if you're on the right
track or not
yes you are okay good I assume so cuz he
actually chases you cuz he chased me up
there yeah I saw the as soon as I saw
the elevator go but but that's a that's
a little little weak but I get it that's
that's I think classic Sierra where they
have a very a very specific solution to
a puzzle and what I'm thinking here did
you aggravate the Terminator yep no oh
yeah I'm sorry the Bounty Hunter yes
the-the-the legally distinct entity
known as the bounty hunter okay what I'm
thinking here is maybe look at hook no
only look at pulley
ey you why I think yeah there are two
rope pulleys near the motor in years
apparently they are used for maintenance
of the equipment looking up you notice
that they are mounted on tracks yeah
running the length of the second floor
platform boom got it alright I know what
to do okay this is exciting I know what
to do this this legally distinct
intellectual property known as the
bounty hunter is gonna get some come up
and oh I thought you're just gonna stop
and come and I'm like no Jack no isn't
that how you solve the problem make love
not war just whip it out and show what
you got you say hey man you into this
and any falls in love with field and and
and actually he respects he respects you
for dropping your pants and joins you on
your quest yes yes
I see I guess like the thing is going
back to like how I would write the
puzzle or solve the puzzle it was even a
stretch to me to think that I could use
that room as to kill the Terminator you
know yeah that's it's kind of like I
said it's a Sierra who has a very
specific way to solve their puzzles but
all right we got it now we got it now I
talk all your talks man I know it talks
all right here we go
and run didn't Jack should save but it
makes a fair amount of sense to at least
wait until he's opted where he needs to
be done done done done there are
multiple ways to solve this puzzle huh
on this this is basically it seems like
it seems cuz I'm not a hundred percent
sure what he's gonna try yeah it seems
like the way I solved it
I I would assume that there's also a way
to collapse that cave where you could
kill him in that cave possibly because
it had all the cracks in it maybe if I
like pushed real hard on that maybe
there was a way to solve it that way but
this this is the way I think I can do it
for shown there are two ways to take out
are annoyed or annoyed is the other one
the cave is the other one is the other
one the little pods hanging over the
cave like thing Jack's pretty much
nailed them both there you go the cave
gives more points oh ah must be harder
to do alright ready I'm ready
you saved no safe safe safe that's
thought 23 23
reaching up you give them rope pulley a
mighty shove yes suck it yes now loot
the corpse give me all your bukka's oh
he's gonna have so many bukka's IDEs in
him I know it I can feel it give me all
your buck azides search robot The
Terminator is now a pile of should you
call it a terminator not oh oh not
capital T terminators are lower just
ultra it's just odd terminator it's very
different you see it's not pile of junk
on the first level platform looking
closely you notice that the terminators
invisibility belt has survived
relatively intact
that's exciting take belt Jesus Christ
really Sierra do you always have to be
so anal about this round I think you
just need to walk over further in front
of it okay look robot just 500 no
bukka's IDEs
you can get Bukka soit's well now I have
an invisibility belt rich yeah oh hello
hey what's going on here didn't you read
the sign saying we're closed for repairs
well you might as well ride down with me
okay Oh what was that a horrible mashed
up machine there my vibrator ah
alright let's save because saving is the
thing that all the cool kids do and then
let's we're not playing without music
the game is not choosing to play music
use belt looking at the belt you notice
that the power supply is very low you
decide to hold off until you really need
out oh well I guess I don't really need
it
so this is a Mormon game you have to
wear magic underwear to win ah yes
okay I'm gonna ask you a question yeah
can I find Arnold's ship no okay cuz
they're like that's what I would do in
this situation that like oh I killed the
robot I can go find a ship and loot all
this stuff in a ship yeah but okay so
there is no so the best of my memory no
I don't recall that okay what do you
want buck aside I want buck resorts so I
can get the heat Underpants you have
everything you need to get buckets
so Jim my my that certainly is one fun
hunk or iam I'll take it off your hands
for 350 bucks sides are you saved no
okay okay I don't really remember how
long this can go on for I don't remember
Oh so Jim oh damn how do I load a save
f7
okay that was before I went okay 425 is
the highest so go and you know what you
know that was rich those little saves
come right there
that was a certifiable save scum and I'm
gonna be okay with it you're gonna be
absolutely okay with it because I want
that for 25 bucks side that's right what
do you say to that no no yes
bite five-oh underwear buy underwear
nice I'm sure you'll be very very
pleased there wanna go there you go boom
you doing you doing great John graden
that's a proud that you denied us first
offer well of course right you gotta
know that and you gotta know that much
all right now how do I get back hey
let's save are you are you st. I'm gonna
save right now why you take a look at
that thing that's in the glass case in
front of the store
okay let's save first I thought I did
already if I look again
cuckoo shoosh mouthing informs you that
it's an ant Arion slime devil how cute
tap glass now look at case open case
great may be cute but only an idiot look
at near one looks like he won't be
around to appreciate the other diverse
wonders of this garden spot of the
universe yeah all right
having some fun all right
doot doot doot doot doot whoo I got me
some necks going to be fucked in the end
game if it doesn't get the rest of the
shit in that store are you sure about
that
also I have 425 bucks sides I can buy it
all alright alright I don't remember the
other stuff being useful but that could
just be my memory okay bye or at the
wise choice
great now here is a red hot item Astro
uh the aura on the stick is for the
other Arnold solution I don't know how
but that's just what I'm what I'm
reading huh
Oh bye-bye hat flashes okay I have the
chicken hat and I have the or at and
that's all he has to sell
so leave interesting I wonder have we
talked about solo yet oh man you missed
the first three hours of the stream oh
my god we went everything everything I
by the way like we've gone in depth on
movies before but man we went every we
went scene by scene yeah
scene by scene you decide you remembered
most of it super amazing breakdown check
you start from the beginning of the
stream just to check it out highly worth
it
highly recommend watching rich and eyes
in-depth breakdown of solo we got we
have some interesting things to say we
didn't we didn't agree on everything but
you know know you know still it was
still a great conversation right time
I'm really happy with that the the
choice to tie it in to the Howard the
Duck universe which was strange you know
seeing the Howard the Duck planet well
and you know like I'll say this again is
this is finally like the great Disney
plan crossing your over their mega
franchises what you're you by going to
the Howard the Duck Planet duck world
yeah stupid name but you you tie in Star
Wars with Marvel but also that that's
that's that's a hop skip and a jump away
from tying it into the Disney animated
universe I didn't even think about that
yeah I didn't even think about this all
connect so not only other mega are there
mega live-action franchise is about to
merge they have the possibility now to
merge with the entire multiverse the
animated universe is Disney one unified
thing that's great that's great that's
great I should say before I start
messing with this with this cave
I wonder everyone think that what the
cave solution is so you guys can fake
joke spoilers but we can't fuck you well
fuck you too yeah it's incredible show
it's kind of our show so I'm gonna go
ahead and call our show on that I don't
have it I wonder what I was supposed to
do there no matter what the solution is
I guess I'll never know yeah you get you
get Kingdom Hearts that's right so that
you also can have them Squaresoft
crossovers oh my god you're absolutely
right
Disney way on top of it are you saved
after that exciting battle with the
robot and the haggling yes okay and the
buying all the stuff and the buying all
this okay okay so now that I have all
this money now I'm gonna go back to the
burger joint okay
engines take off
navigation system scan resume scan
actually like this section here yeah
it's cute
set course I think the space big down
it's this adorable monolith burger in
like 2001 the model if mmm course locked
Lightspeed go here we go we're doing it
we're doing it all
water hydration is important let's go
I feel good about I'm about to I'm about
to roll into monolith burger and just
just start you're gonna get so fat I'm
just gonna make it you're gonna look
like rich Evans just save a couple bucks
for Astro diabetes medicine you know I'm
second yeah yeah I wanna play that
chicken game too
I got a I got a buck annoyed now if I
put on the chicken helmet am I better at
the chicken game I don't know I don't
know oh nope by the way the answer is
nope my play is chicken game oh the game
probably won't let jack but I wonder the
invisibility belt
well somebody chats just this would let
you go under that one guy's airlock I
don't think wait what
well you want to keep them bouncing what
you're gonna bounce the chickens okay
what how do I do you have to can you
just hold no does that network
all right at works I think you want a
safe landing so don't don't keep
flapping up you want to just land like
stop are you holding up No
oh you have to hit down what what what
you have a feed counter like that
actually I think you kind of need to
catch dang it yeah y'all need a good
yeah if you know what you're doing cuz I
have no idea how to play this game I see
if I can remember right okay ready yeah
insert buck so I'd go very long time
right
it's insane anity I'll just yeah here
insert Young Buck azides what's the last
one uh pair up arrow says toggle up well
you're not safe oh shit
cancel I already did I already did don't
worry about it just just just read Shane
rich I didn't save since I got there man
that's all right sorry all the important
stuffs taken care of so it's okay I was
trying to save you bucko Zoid so I went
to load an old say oh I have a ton of
Buccos Lloyds I'm okay I hang up that
was rich rich messed up the same thing
not me yeah it was my fault
apparently we need something else before
we play the chicken game okay there so
that's what they are saying well then do
you want to take back over sure I'm
gonna go I'm gonna here's my plan is to
order food first okay okay how long
we'll be streaming probably the usual
we're not gonna finish this tonight no
it doesn't look like it this might be
two streams well okay this is certainly
going to be at least two streams
how can you move the mouse cursor cuz I
just don't like it in there just move it
in yep lots of it they go I just don't
like it in there set course Jack I
failed to save I did fail to save but to
be fair rich should have realized that I
failed to save before loading it but I
didn't I didn't look at the little
picture by the saves either I just I
just went to the slowed to save and then
I just wanted the most recent one sure
come by the time I noticed I was loading
something that was very far back it had
already been too late
sure here we are at monolith burger I
think we're over halfway yeah we're not
if we're halfway through I could say
we're not going another three hours
no no but that's fine we'll just pick it
up on Wednesday yeah and that'll be
great
welcome to monolith burger great pop the
hatch and we're in alright let's order
some food that's safe hey you know what
let's save let's do that whole let's do
that wacky sake anything in safe twenty
seven go and we're here mom live burger
look at that alien just looking at us
talk to alien it's probably not gonna do
anything yeah that's fine
no I'm you know what with using the
invisible invisibility belt to go into
that guy ship it said it had a very
limited battery but you know what let's
try actually wear belts actually then a
bad question I'm assuming Father's Day
you won't be streaming I don't know okay
that's my day I get to choose what I
want I know there I know you let me know
what you want to do and is that next
weekend I'm not sure I'm not sure
somebody in the chat brought it up okay
I maybe you understood me if you don't
want a stream I think a makeup is
probably better okay
yeah and we'll play that by ear as we
get closer order the weekend after no no
the 17th a few weeks from now okay
that's not bad close
what you get the monolith fun meal oh do
you have thinking here yes what's your
thinking but everyone know so they can
be impressed if you're right my thought
is I bet it comes with a toy I want that
and let's see what about the boy is how
about that seven buck avoids his
original seven yeah but then he wouldn't
be able to play the video game right hey
I did not come and chat on totalbiscuit
dying but it's very sad you familiar
with totalbiscuit no I I saw that every
news feed ever I know I think you showed
me one of his videos once yeah and
that's my whole knowledge if I know he
was a video game personality and that's
it so but I mean obviously anyone dying
of cancer is such a young age is
horrible I just don't know who that is
oh god beside like I said except for
once I think when we were deciding what
came to play you see he did like a quick
look at a game what what what the fuck
right and you're like oh let's maybe
let's play this game I've found that
that series very handy sure what is this
thing I'm curious oh he's probably got
him Tobuscus might be got a video and I
looked that up right right it's sad that
he's gone mm-hmm yes anyone who dies
especially at that young of an age of
cancer is how is horrible bang I just
have no connection or or you know super
feelings towards totalbiscuit
take food out of bag and the bag anyone
see the devel you know what I'm just not
gonna read that and go there all right
order everything off the menu you're
rich you can't afford it
well I might need that all that for
chicken game a lot I'm eating my food oh
hey what's in my burger oh it must be my
fun meal prize hey it's a swell decoder
ring decoder ring hmm that was mighty
tasty well maybe mildly tasty well maybe
not tasty at all in fact it reminded you
of the slick skin of a Vorlon mm Lucas
worm you look at ring with this ring you
came to code any secret message well
almost any secret message use ring all
right pick up trash now oh come on
game what happened I wanted to pick up
my trash and throw it away properly
because I'm at a fast food restaurant
and it said now I let mr. employee of
the week handle it's like oh that's bad
form shave oh right that's bad form game
then I'll I'll take over you're gonna
learn how to I'll see if I can figure
this shit out you're gonna you're gonna
figure out how to it was I did when I
was 12 I'm gonna say I can do it when
I'm 40 goal and a chicken rich oh yeah
most oh yeah you're playing Roger Wilco
not you I know but I will I still want
to be nice I still want to be nice you
know this isn't a sit-down restaurant
slow the game speed down it's not a
terrible suggestion let me let me try
this first
are you trying to land the chicken yeah
oh we got one how many do I need to get
though I assume all three oh whoa
got two yes 300 no maybe five how many
you need to do four oh my god
it's all coming back to you're rich jinx
me yep that's how I roll oh shit oh shit
yep you're out of feed nope you lost one
brach so close nice hey you this is we
need okay why don't you the secret code
goes something like this
so we'd actually have to do this
no no alternate ly Jack yeah we could
cheat and look up the message we can
also end it here Oh
oh my okay let's see what we got here
so that's it that's an age now only
having a hell of a time remembering what
their copy protection for this game was
there had to be something in the manual
that's what they did back then mm-hmm
all the time oh sure sure
and what was it for this game if it
wasn't the decoder ring I I was kind of
remembering poorly when we started that
the decoder ring was in the manual and
that we used the manual to decode this
but the Rings right here in game so what
was in the manual that you needed if
nothing maybe they just didn't do it for
this game but I don't know no that's not
a P this hope help us Oh Ritchie says
help us oh my god it says help us that's
how far I've gotten we are to let you
know guys from Andromeda right no now
this I haven't gotten that far we yeah
okay yeah you're right
this is optional anyway this is the this
is the finally the main quest of the
game finally oh we are oh you might be
well in love it we are what is that one
but is that a B and it's a beat we are
oh my god what a letter let's see if my
tips you're still being sluggish we are
being help us we are being no one has
ever thought when you two met each other
that you would become video games
streaming partners with 100,000 subs
playing space quest 3 no less no had no
idea honestly when I first met Jack
I had no idea I would ever see him again
he's the honest truth of course why
would why would you think right right
why would you think yeah being held oh
my god we are being held rich oh my god
you you're onto it jack they're being
held maybe I'll just get a sentence and
that was just cheap I thought it would
be cute and maybe I'd figure it out
faster as we went on but this is just
gonna get this is just gonna take very
long but yes this is a good ending point
oh my god I think we're you know I think
we're about halfway through the game
okay great
we are being held what is lets a CEO so
that's captive probably see ya we're
being held captive and we are being held
captive by I know I know the tips purely
on the on the screen but that that goes
away and I can't read it in time I have
a program yeah that's supposed to save
it all and I'm not sure I'm getting and
if you've if you tip us with bits we
don't that doesn't get saved in the
program oh okay
is there any way to save bit tips
actually maybe donations the answer is
maybe
Cheers
here's all of our Cheers all the bits
yeah but it doesn't have a message oh oh
no well it says a little bit love read
let good to see hey do you know has a
little bit of the message but not a full
message but not a full message all right
then we're gonna need to look at the
potentially just something separate that
does that that does bits and - okay no
problem I'm on it okay I will be on that
if we're not reading your stuff tonight
I I'm horribly sorry yes very little I
could do about it what the message says
I also I'm getting very distracted so
that's not helping bye yes see so how
you guys all doing it's right here yes
I'm reading the message it's all over
our chat this is a waking nightmare scum
scum sense come so that's not right is
it scum just got here what is the Han
Solo a review dropping it just went done
everyone's actually started leaving the
chat like like a minute ago yeah it's up
right now what's up right now see you
later bye scum soft is that right
mmm-hmm really scum soft all right
that's their Microsoft parody Oh bye
scum soft
oh I think they'd rather actually go go
to youtube and just sit on red letter
media channel waiting then watch this
even though it might not even be up
tonight I know Mike is busting his ass
to edit it oh okay yeah we can just do
the chat yes help us we are being held
captive by scum soft on the small moon
of pesto on an impenetrable force field
surrounds the moon it must first be
deactivated its origin is unknown to us
scum soft security is armed with jello
pistols jello we're counting on you to
save us whoever you are
jello pistol two guys in trouble oh okay
well cool cool Ozzy that's a ridiculous
message that's very long it's just very
long I'm sorry yeah I'm sorry they
expected that people have to having a
modicum of patience whoa oh sure hi can
you hit that save hit that new save
button saved number 29
oh fuck I thought you were saying it was
up and I went to go look rich oh I was I
was just lying it was a lie it's just
the way it is did you do do do-do-do to
do things I'm never gonna change okay we
can stop now that's it yeah we're done
oh you got all the things over there and
all the things over here let's go here
to the Twatter so we can thank all of
the wonderful people who have subscribed
to us during this very stream much like
bling
binges I think I think the one is
supposed to be a high yeah oh I thought
were supposed to be 2l so I thought it
was like blings
oh it's blinks and there's no eye for
the L after okay but you don't need the
eye that's like a license plates let's
just blow winds Timbo five one four
blocks key bros for 12 months in a row
who says woot one whole year Theodore J
hooker for 45 motherfucking months in a
row says woo woo
Duke vocals can't fool ooof 13 months in
a row that's bizarre bud scare wise says
hooray for months Sunday I'll finally
watch infinity war and then I could stop
avoiding spoilers watch these prereq
broadcasts I missed a little bit since
we've done the big spoiler one I don't
think we've talked about it since I
might have mentioned one or two big
things sure yeah star Horrible's for 36
motherfucking months in a row
who says sorry for my drunk rambling so
you guys rocking keep it tight at school
keep it warm Kamel 1913 mister glitch
for 12 months in a row
who says Space Quest 3 was my very first
PC game hooray for being damned old it
wasn't quite my first but yeah was it
early for me mm-hmm
love those Sierra games either they're
great fun okay yeah I can see I can see
why people like them my first was phase
space quest one heck of a way to start
evil hon right hon herb on I don't mean
where you want Oh evil or evil evil
kahan says or evl kahn evo come alright
sure sure evo gun says thanks for all
the good times I'm sending you a huge
hug from Mexico to Milwaukee a dios mio
I owe you the thing Jack said I the
Smeal V stud comic who says it should
have been longer but I forgot to click
the button
I'm sorry gotta push that whopper button
sorry push it push it real good custo
still remain me Jimmy lays for 16 months
in a row but Fox thingy that spatial
llama who says space quest 6 is the best
in the series fight me
I mean think whatever is the best you
want man oh shit I'm glad you enjoyed
that one true weapon you know it's
sometimes it's just like it's nice to
know that somebody found something that
they enjoy it's like that's good that's
good for you it's all it's all you know
kind of almost fun for them
I honestly you know like nothing and
nothing is uh it's all your opinion and
that's fine
woody they discovered huffing I have
been more concerned for their safety
like if they were pushing like huffing
is the greatest recreation like this
like me yeah yeah but I like space +6
like there's some objectivity - huffing
like it's bad for your health
you know I'm sure I'm sure you have a
good time huffing but I have some
concerns you're only hurting yourself
you probably have some family members
that give a shit whether you live or die
so think it over think it over man just
think it over think over the huffing
that
tree Tokyo 250 dimitri p killer karate I
think we missed both true weapon
where's react and kill switch
10:27 that's very possible that I
skipped all three of those my apologies
gruel sandwich whose as here we are 11
months of reminding myself to give you
guys freebies Oh bucks Jack don't forget
to pick up eggs on your way home and
rich tell Karen we miss her okay thanks
for all the free fun times will do
Claire Claire Lu or Clemmie live one of
those as one of those and I said it
Marvin Pontiac Gabe Lee the stunt lady
sunshine lol e pops one trout 9k six
yeah you got this six
look you Bria Sarah yes six lugubrious
errors hey guys don't get hey guys yeah
guess what what chicken button you know
why
what chicken thigh chicken thigh yeah
you know who Oh chicken food
that's not yet chicken poop that's not
him that's to live you know the rest I
thought it was chicken poo chicken
breast I didn't know that one I think a
sacrilege to come back after an end but
we need to read the rest great like
Purdue cat spooky kabuki quoi a Quaid
Quaid Quaid but turns are green for 41
motherfucking months in a row says hey
guys please wish me luck on the upcoming
48 hour film festival coming up we took
your we took your advice and have
dedicated jobs assigned good luck good
luck yeah good luck that'll make things
go a little bit smoother but hey have
some fun
lose some hair yeah makes them make
something dumb and have a good time Mike
kcat jerath garros says yeah
look I let my subscription lapse but I'm
back now for some more juicy shack me
thank you push a level mustard ooh cyber
Marian yes Iver Marian to 385 child of
furniture vulgar puppy who says great
stream boys appreciate cha fire hot 12
Silver Fox to KO mr. Alex
for 20 fucking months in a row this is
Wow it's about 20 month anniversary and
I can't think of a single worthwhile
thing to say fuck
mmm they go fucks worthwhile yeah Mel
don't dull Renault one says love you
guys and how you constantly subvert my
expectations that's what we're good at
it's because you expect quality men to
kill us for 20 fucking months in a row
who says thanks for all of the
entertainer's circle 42 says four months
that's some well spent buck asides
fuck asides it was buck azides and
skorpa Zoids right like just everything
Zoids come on Sierra like that's cute do
you think that was like a thought-out
joke or they're just like fucking put
soit on the end we'll call it a joke we
gotta get this shit out as a score
preside these of Buccos oi - spaceship
azides their star resides make it happen
I'm fine with this either way
- Hines Hellcat striker for 13 months in
a row Bentham 99 says help us we were
being held captive by scum soft on the
small moon of petrol on an inheritable
force field surrounds the moon it must
first be deactivated its origin is
unknown to us the scum soft security is
armed with jello pistols we're counting
on you
here's what I'm gonna say right uh-huh I
on ironically I legitimately love the
idea of a video game making a person
write something down on a piece of paper
I legitimately
that all right I think I think in this
day and age maybe doesn't stream that
well no oh no wouldn't I mean obviously
you saw how long it was taking me it
does a stream very well but you know
what I would love is a game or you know
what has the possibility of for me
loving obviously it's all situational
it's all contextual but like a game
where you had to kind of draw out your
own map yeah where it's like there was
no ingrain map but if you wanted to know
where you were you could actually just
like get out a piece of paper like okay
yeah this room is here this room is here
this you know like and your own piece of
paper you had a little map I think that
would be neat I'm not playing on games
that have done this like there were
games like the UH you're kind of
encouraged to I know this has happened
to me
like in in Phantom Hourglass for the the
DSU were encouraged to write notes on
the bottom screen cuz it had the little
stylus you couldn't draw your map but
you were you were encouraged to write
notes
I know in pac-man at one point I had
routed out on paper my own pattern oh
yeah yeah cuz that's how you handle
pac-man at the higher levels you don't
you don't you don't wing it yeah you you
kind of have a general patty go here and
you'll be okay uh-huh
and I had my own for pac-man that
carried me decent way through I think it
got me to did give me the key and all
got me to the bill okay okay well that's
great I I think stuff like that is fun
it it kind of encourages like a deeper
participation from the player if they
have to do something you know do
something a little extra outside of the
game I draw out a map for mist right so
yeah stuff like that my friends and I
had maps on graph paper for Bard's Tale
that's great that's great
Jack play the damn neverhood what's now
I don't know whenever it is I'm sorry
it's fine where we leave off I don't
know
Burger King diamond
we be lengthy Taichi cigarettes kitten
mittens Shan Simonis says three months
in and loving the stream it's been super
exciting to listen to Jack learn all
about Dungeons and Dragons nose that has
I'm excited to as a person who was DM
for more than ten years you did a great
job
thanks well we'll see how it works
adding some more people into the mix
possibly tomorrow
yeah just messing it up it's gonna be
great it's gonna be great
cat or cat
Kotaro Alt Delete who says I appreciate
everything you hack frauds do and I'm
happy to give my hardly earned bukka's
ODEs to keep doing what you do thank you
thank you very much our alt delete' and
blame five thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we really do alright I'll be
more Space Quest some other time have a
nice one