Episode 104
Decent Descenders
June 9, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW9VXMkgMxs
_________________________________________

but you know a little action e action
yeah
packs I guess so what's plan its 841 oh
can we started late yeah oh no we're not
done yeah I know
bogel hunter says hey I love your show
eylem and share some laughs with you
guys keep up your work you're awesome
thank you we do art we do our best Mad
Dog Hawk says wrench Jack I love you
both and thank you guys for all the
entertainment
what is the vey very first video game
you remember playing as a kid that made
an impact on you all so what's your
favorite condiment mail you know or
cheese if you count cheese I like cheese
okay mayo III would agree with mayo Oh
God
mayo is a fine condiment for a first
game you remember playing as a kid that
made an impact that made an impact
you're a kid when I was a kid video
games were fucking news like any fuckin
video game right back like like probably
the the first game that I definitely
remember playing was pong for and my
grandparents at my grandparents house I
remember very fondly playing pong for
that made an impact probably pac-man
that made an impact yeah once the games
made an impact right I can remember what
was it on the on the Super Nintendo
let's say I'm trying to think of gay
games that made an impact I remember
actually what were we playing we were
playing we were playing super off-road
and Oh some other game I was playing
with my brother
super off-road the the you know the for
the the truck racing game and some other
game you know might have been is as
simple as Super Mario World and we
started designing our own video game
that was a monster truck racing
adventure game yeah where you'd have to
race around your monster truck but also
like it had instead of just being a race
you had like a quest to complete in your
monster truck and so I said I'd say that
was a pretty big impact because that's
when I start maybe even when I started
like think about games in terms of
designing them yeah maybe I don't know I
remember a game one of the early 3d
games called stunts she's called stunts
stunts yeah and you know it was a 3d
game that let you build your own
racetracks okay I bet that I thought was
really awesome that is really awesome
make these big loopy loops
ramp them ago to like know where you'd
flying off yeah that's great
I got knotty let me see if it's
downloaded art is nice it is all right
I'm gonna take a bathroom break okay
what do you got them for after the break
Oh secret you saving it he's saving it
for suspense
I will I prepare
to be underwhelmed it's just a game that
I've personally been enjoying and will I
can play for for a while while we chat
about stuff all right
unless of course rich I have been
playing a lot if there is anything you
want to play you tell me but I'm gonna
go to the bathroom I think I'm good all
right take a break myself Jack's not the
only one a piece for Ryan out loud ha
I'm screening cut too
I know I do where is it where is it I
know it's fine it's fine
I'm just gonna get up and do whatever I
need to do first I'm gonna be a jerk a
huge jerk
there we go I'll be back
are we streaming did rich not put up the
we'll be back chat we have yes we have
this whole thing here where if we go we
have we have this whole thing where we
put this on so then you guys know we're
gone and rich didn't put it on that's
weird
we made that whole thing Jack myself hi
hi it's all Plouffe
this was it was funnier nah I don't know
about that you you didn't put on the the
will be back rich set a glitched he said
it's your fault I went to do it I really
did my green was a glitch down I don't
believe you I have I have I'm just
joking
alright let's update this this alright
oh wow I know is that a spa Mountain ma
MOU UNT I am gay and I an I did AI hey
alright yeah yeah yeah okay I did it
right brain brain Alexia I I knocked
over the clicker that's fine is it but
is it though I haven't heard that a long
time the clicker
I think the remote control what is to
cause the remote get the remote I think
I say clicker all the time yeah that's
my MA talk that's what it well I mean
yeah I know cuz before it actually did
click right but it's called we've always
called it a clicker okay grandpa yeah
yes I am that's I am a grandpa I do not
deny my grampa teenis Chris games 2006
jek Jack you have any thoughts on hazy
or new england-style IPAs just got back
from Vermont with a truckload of said
tasty beverages or a magical place uh no
wow I'm helpful with this no and you
know you know I'm generally just a fan
of whatever IPA has the highest alcohol
content just for calories sake it's like
you know what's the most I can drink
with the least amount of sugar in it but
I will say I'll tell you guys for a
while now I've been really light on the
alcohol consumption I've been really not
into drinking it and so I'd love to sit
and have a beer chat with you but it's
just it's not something I'm necessarily
into at the moment you move xsplit up
there you go and so I cannot I cannot be
with you as far as the beer talk at the
moment more alcohol equal more calories
I know generally speaking that is true
holy-moly descenders please confirm game
name here xsplit is asking for some help
here that's right
okay this is a game that I've been
playing in my free time that you might
think is incredibly stupid but I love
she's really generated you just continue
to go downhill it's it's a well no you
don't just continue to go down here
downhill
it has roguelike elements where each
trail is procedurally generated okay but
then you like choose difficulties and
gain gain your stats but at its heart
it's just a downhill mountain biking
game and it's kind of great yeah one
minute here let's update this these I
just fell in this game now I think so
I spell terrible you're supposed to be
the one to tell me well you tell me des
oh good I did right I I rely on other
people to tell me if I'm spelling shit
rich exploit messed up
what next foot doesn't mess up you're
lying jack
okay okay here nice ice okay I get my
chicken helmet or this that's kind of
adorable what the chicken helmet the
chicken helmets adorable I earned the
chicken helmet the name that you put in
look look at the back of your Jersey it
puts your nickname on the back here
Jersey and it's just so you know it'll
teach you kind of the basics go and
break and then there's like a whole
jumping thing and then you just kind of
go downhill
and you can do tricks and stuff so the
reason it is super fantastic oh and if
you die just respond so like this is
just like the training area okay let's
what are some of the other basics here
so this kind of just teaches you about
turning like whoo watch out for rocks
this this oh no this isn't the skid
course
okay.what finish line this finish line
it's our time limit
well Oh No so this is just the training
course which the game doesn't think I've
done yet yeah so and so I'm just gonna
do this really quick so I can move on to
the actual game game generally quickly
because I know how to do all this stuff
all right score 100 points no problem
it's oh it's super great okay great so
that was it and like you know you can do
stuff like like like wheelies if I'm
pretty bad and I got my chicken helmet
on okay so then we go to ride and it's
it's a roguelike it has roguelike
elements so every course is procedurally
generated you there's a bonus objective
- this one is finished within 35 seconds
okay and if you complete the bonus
suggests objective it gives you another
health point if you wipe out you lose a
health point okay okay and I'm just it's
it's simple it's kind of dumb but it's
also really great it gives you an over
an overview of the track but I always
skip that just because I want to be
surprised they want to know if this has
twitch integration I don't know if it
has twitch integration check on the
options menu what sort of integration I
have no idea there was a question not a
statement so I think they're assuming
with twitch signs here and there I'm
sure that there would be naturally
twitch integration possibly send you
wipeout automatically going off trail no
no you can go off trail you can in fact
that's how you like this one to get in
here in 35 seconds you'd have to go
after out oh but there's a bunch of
rocks and stuff to get in your win so I
decided just to keep basic and then here
like there's different paths and so this
one is steeper so you'll go faster
curves you have a curve stupid curves
and it's like my bow suggested was to
get one clean landing so I want at least
a few stunts
this one has decent stunts
and then it's a whole new trail I can
get it I can get one clean landing let's
look at the settings here I don't see
any which integration tbz says hi this
is a tip bye thank you streaming on
mixer you know what mixer is I don't
know what mixer is either not to enable
interactivity maybe like you can choose
what song plays next I don't know what
that means so I'm gonna say no
hye-won clean landing that's all we need
is one clean landing no fuck Xbox twitch
why would we know that we don't have a
fucking Xbox weight mixer is one
somebody's saying Xbox is twitch push it
oh shit the Xbox is a waste of fucking
hardware
the Xbox is oh fuck yeah you know it is
data I it be different if they had any
games but it's just got nothing man it
just got nothing
that wasn't a oh fuck
fucking up rich and you go rich just
solve the console wars look I don't give
a goddamn about the console wars I'm
just saying Xbox is a loser this gem man
and everybody knows it
Xbox knows it no one's no one's uh I'm a
PC guy I don't give a shit about this
home console that the better console
bullshit
I don't ya know xbox Xbox clearly lost
if you've been playing any paying any
attention
yeah they don't got it they don't got it
they never got it
don't got it never had it
shit racks racks so like this one there
just is no trail neat yeah but you just
gotta watch out for the rocks where's
your health I omit I only have one life
left okay there we go well now I'll have
to that's a green circle no that's my
rep that's my rep and that's how I get
prizes okay so like if I the more tricks
I do the more rep I get and that's how I
get bonuses my rep is not doing great
right now so where you see where it says
last stand okay that means I'm on my
last life okay but I just got one bonus
health because I did two 360s right so
now I have one life so I'm not gonna
make it very far this run
yeah mellow stunts mellow stance
Xbox has the best controller objectively
100% the original Xbox was better than
whatever PlayStation at the time what
the Xbox with all one of its games
better than the PlayStation 2 possibly
the gaming system that the most people
had ever the this is your year you're
pitting the exit okay
halo you're pitting the original Xbox
against the PlayStation 2 the most
ubiquitous gaming console to ever exist
some is some idiot who thinks halo
invented the first-person shooter
technically wasn't the first person
shooter on on the PS fuck on the ps2 no
oh no that was the first cover shooter
the first first first first person
shooter was on PC oh right no III was
thinking of the cover shooter actually
it was uh what was the what does
catacomb game before they before they
made Wolfenstein yeah yeah something of
the catacombs
the Wii is the biggest console I I meant
in that generation in that generation it
was PlayStation 2 versus GameCube versus
the Xbox and now many people I don't
know if maybe a lot of people don't know
this but it made a first-person shooter
before Wolfenstein what which time was
the first person that was the first one
they made when they were called in
uh-huh
but they did work for another company
and they made a first-person shooter I
can't remember what it's called
something catacombs it couldn't just be
catacombs 3d but it's like a wizard with
a hand that shoots magic and monsters
first-person like almost exactly like
Wolfenstein but this was a hand in magic
yeah interesting
why don't they reboot that it started
working for I forget what they were
called soft Tron or something like that
of all the people who form did work
there yeah
but they wanted to make their own games
catacombs 3d is whether it was called by
the way catacombs 3d ok ok so it worked
for this other corporation but they
wanted to make their own games and the
genius that John Carmack is he he
figured out how they could do a smooth
side-scrolling platforming game on a PC
which the processes at the time was
difficult yeah and rather than making a
platforming game for the people they
were working for what they did was they
stole the computers at night and then
made their own game at the home and then
they got caught doing that and they were
in big fucking trouble yes and uh-huh
out of out of mercy the person who owned
this company rather than squashing it
like a bug they be said well you got to
make some games me for free and they
made that catacomb game okay that
catacomb 3d which is why it's not a good
software game it's uh I forgot what the
fuck it was called but it was made by in
interesting
interesting I wonder if they'd ever do
it well they probably don't have the
rights to which is why we'll never see a
yeah whoever owns softest now owns
catacombs three right but you know I
think I think the realm of the
first-person shooter could use little
more than guns at this point I think we
have enough guns you know playing that
wizard game which obviously like you're
just using guns but but thinking about
all the fun first-person stuff you can
do in the Dishonored series yeah I want
a little more a little more fun stuff
you could do in a first-person shooter
besides to shoot you know first-person
something you know
I'm on the trail all right
everything's fine everything's fine I'm
cruising shit
everything is not fine right my crews
and days are over
I should have cheesed it and I had a I
had a really nice had a really nice
cheese going and and I tanked it
arcade-style games are neat for like a
couple hours but lack of depth ruins
them I think the whole point of an
arcade game though is it's something you
only want to play for a couple hours at
a time that's the point I could do this
for a bit do this for a bit it'll hold
your attention while you plug a couple
quarters into me so here's the thing so
I've earned enough rep now to get a new
crew member and so then these are the
upgrades that I can get decrease speed
wobbles when going fast offroad friction
more checkpoints oh here we go
increased chances of staying on your
bike when landing hard that is a decent
bonus there
the point of an arcade game was to strip
you of all your allowance yes it was to
suck as many quarters out of your pocket
as humanly possible a classic arcade
game but arcade is kind of means its own
Arkady style of game Oh 12 and beyond
just something you put quarters in yeah
that does it has a little different
meaning now because our Cades are no
longer a thing
sure just looking for a fast healer
because I don't want to get at a high
top speed here I think I think at this
point it just describes a gameplay style
sure just simple easy pickup
chucky cheese has what the modern arcade
games look like what our modern arcade
games flappy bird arcade games yeah I
mean like I mean like like that you
would go into like Chuckie Cheese yeah
flappy bird flappybird is a stand up
coin up game by the way think about it
for a second it makes perfect fucking
sense but that is weird as fuck yep
but but stuff a lot of stuff like that
where it's really simple objectives and
it's in it's uh it's uh they let her
last like 15 to 20 seconds no and it's
like they're filled with they're
actually filled with like Apple games
there's a there's a Angry Birds there's
a flappy bird there's there's a ton of
like iPhone games that they've made
stands for for kids to suck the quarter
they tip huh do they tap on the stone
sometimes they tap on the screen
sometimes like for flight where there's
just a big button yes I just II flaps a
big button and people love it because
it's what they play kind of brilliant
it's what they play at home so like it
no it's totally brilliant
makes perfect sense
ya know it works it works which is why I
keep my children far away from our Cades
cuz man they they want him hey they want
that uh now I have no interest in
playing the new David cage game I think
it'd be a far more boring stream than
you think it would be of course it would
be it wouldn't end up like an episode of
best of the worst when we're laughing it
would end up where we're just frustrated
playing something was boring right while
we're trying to talk about other things
with you I don't I don't think this
would work very well at all not not at
all how you think I I think and anyone
who really thinks that who thinks like
that would be a fun experience live or
even watching we get that a lot like why
don't we want why why don't we do live
best of the worst
really underestimates the job that Jane
might do editing those episodes the the
comedy comes in editing out all of the
bad stuff and all of the bride or all of
the thinking of something to say like
like I said there's a possibility we
could get something funny out of the
first four hours of Detroit but that
depends on how on how rich and I feel
like we can handle that
Mad Dog hoaxes okay okay you both love
mayonnaise that's respectable
I like that but if you could kick one
celebrity right now in the cog who are
you punting though I think the list is
too long at this point okay that sounds
fair just to completely skirt that
question Thanks there's plenty of people
who deserve a decent nut kicking nope
how about that
I'm from like I was named I know I
shouldn't be fucking American Beauty
Kevin Spacey haven't Spacey thank you
Kevin Spacey answer you go for a nice
easy nut kick
ugh
Roseanne Roseanne doesn't have nuts and
you could argue that she already kicked
herself in the nuts
ah rich fuck ashamed I was enjoying the
goddamn show by buying she had to be
nuts she had to be fair she was pretty
nuts before that and she was nuts she
was nuts about the wrong person is
happen yeah yeah she had to be nuts
what's crazy is like pina people a lot
of people are sharing like you know some
recent Roseanne tweets yeah and I think
the one that got her fired was the least
crazy and racist of all of her tweets in
the last couple of days he's crazy for
sure yes yes yeah oh yeah I suppose you
could argue it's the most racist but it
was the least crazy like she was
tweeting out some like some like you
know Jewish conspiracy theories and he's
just like with rosianna are you okay do
you need some medication but yeah yeah
there's a there there are some issues
there in that Roseanne but you liked the
new show yeah I was like of a new
Roseanne okay sorry
god it's all gone now I know I'm sad
about it and although and all the reruns
by the way I heard about that
reruns got pulled as well I heard they
yanked it from Hulu yeah
by I hadn't had a chance to watch the
rest of them yet
oh no the reruns of old Roseanne - today
yeah they're pulling old Roseanne - Wow
oh yeah they're done they're done with
all Roseanne all the time
but you know here's been extreme it was
one of the goddamn classic sitcoms
here's what I will say about the the
Roseanne situation is I think she's
taking it I think she's taking it well
which is she even even though she's
taking it 80 percent well how about that
I have no idea how she's taking it so
she she made a couple post today said
one post was was bad saying I was on
ambien and late-night tweeting and blah
blah and I'm really sorry so it's just
like oh I'm gonna blame you know the
drugs for making me say stupid racist
bullshit that's bad but the other part
was just was her saying hey don't
anybody defend what I said what I said
was wrong I understand that it was wrong
and no one should try to defend it
because it was absolutely wrong and I
should not have said it and I think that
was a classy way of handling the
situation but the whole ambien thing was
was a little messed up but what
so what rich what do we got indeed I got
I uh
what I got is inclement weather to make
this track a little more difficult the
true blue review says yeah since you
brought up the trade before I'd support
you doing a first for our zone people
I've seen play it's a it's great at the
start it goes downhill from there so be
perfect to get a good first impression
of and never play it again haha well
there you go yeah well yeah well we'll
put that as a solid maybe how about that
I'm not against the idea I'm not against
the idea of doing it for a first four
hours of so that's that's what I'll give
you okay do you have any do you have any
feelings on that doing it first four
hours of I think it would be redundant
okay I think it would everyone knows how
we feel about cinematic gaming and
literally it looks it sounds like
nothing but cinematic gaming without any
kind of pretense of gameplay yeah oh
this has really fucked up you have these
levels yeah where you do it in
first-person mode yeah and it's hard
it's great and imagine it's nauseating
yeah yeah it's crazy hard so I'm not
doing it
what's when's the last game you've done
four first four hours of it's been a
while yes it has been a while oh oh you
know what and I have a better game we
could do it first four hours of anyway
oh good so good I haven't a game that we
could actually probably get some comedy
out of for a first four hours okay I'm
done with that yeah
so there should know your blood shot
says valiant blood shot what game did
you throw the most quarters in when you
would go to the arcade for me it was a
tie between the x-men game and the
Simpsons game ha ha ha ha but both
side-scrolling beat'em ups by the way
yeah very similar the x-men game in the
Simpsons game for basically the same
thing now that I think there we go that
you yep both of those games yes easily I
put a lot of time into those but
probably the thing that ate up the most
of my quarters in all of my are Kading
time is in grade school clean landing
thanks in grade school there was a place
that we would go to after school that
had a mortal combat cabinet oh yeah and
I don't know if it was like Mortal
Kombat 1 or 2 or what the number was but
it was a Mortal Kombat cabinet and that
ate up all of our dang time everyone
every kid who ever existed in in the in
a little in the suburb town that had the
one arcade cabinet we played Mortal
Kombat until the end of time I can't
tell you which arcade game got the most
quarters out of me
I can list off some arcade games I liked
ok do that pac-man pac-man is great
paperboy
it's so crazy to be that paperboy is in
our cave game it's primarily what I knew
it is right had they had the arcade had
the handlebars what's up oh that sounds
great yeah was great
that sounds great I'm ready for this
ready for this
no oh I thought I don't think you were
ready for that was and I wasn't going
fast I wasn't going fast enough
hadar Wars arcade game was sweet the
vector art grand protector art grant the
vector graphics our Star Wars yeah Super
Mario Brothers I knew as an arcade game
before I had heard of an NES hmm
because they had one at the Showbiz
Pizza war the infamous photo was from
that was like my go to that might
actually have the most quarters that
better Paperboy
I think paperboy could be a fun arcade
game it's just crazy because you know I
of course think of paper brands be any
SP rich shade Star Wars
yeah but I I like a good spaceship game
I don't think you understand that I
don't like force force force force but
flying around an x-wing that's pretty
sweet and that's not force force force
right
everyone likes flying around in
spaceships that's just science
it's mathematically proven that everyone
likes flying around and so that everyone
likes flying around in spaceships where
she likes rich loves TIE fighter type
fighter one of my favorite games of all
time
yeah you've talked about the head of
bunch
but I'm also assuming that Thai fighter
could easily be called you know
spaceship pilot right exactly and it
would still be a fun game and have
nothing to do with the Star Wars
franchise and still be a fun game an
original intellectual property spaceship
pilot Wing Commander I played a little
bit of Wing Commander like Tie Fighters
a better game though I might just be
familiar with the older Wing Commanders
and maybe the later Wing Commanders that
I haven't played would totally totally
put that view on its head for me
anything recent similar to tie-fighter
that i like why I never I never sat down
to dedicate the time it would take to
really get into it
elite dangerous is probably really
fucking awesome hmm probably probably
but you've never had I started to once
we were like we're gonna do it first
four hours of it and you just were not
into it oh yeah yeah I remember that
yeah oh my god I don't know if I've ever
hit a comatose state faster than me just
figuring out how to fly to another star
and loving it and you're just saying
well and of course we were trying to do
a you know an episode on and there was
just no comedy to be had we're somewhat
it was giving you space right space
yeah yeah buttoning it now that we're
not doing it for now so that could be
your go-to hmm now that we're not doing
it for an episode that could be your
go-to though
she was taking up a free time and Wow
not much my free time I'm giving up I
was gonna try and make my own little
simplistic Zelda breath in the wild mom
I was gonna fry oh yeah yeah I got my
free trial of 3ds max oh sure and I it's
just not gonna happen it's like that's
like looking at an alien language yes
by the way learning any of those
learning any of those programs is like
looking at an alien language I was gonna
try and do a very basic kind of mod I
wanted to use the cap from like the good
call the wild Capitan get the end of the
game or do you take that cap no I wanted
to take the champions tunic repainted
that that color green and then one of
the pants and just replace the barbarian
outfit because I never I was like the
barbarian outfit breath well a little
bit too deep could you goddamn silly for
me sure run or now that's stupid skull
on your head and fur boots
mm-hm and but I I you know that's that's
a great that that outfit has a great
perk like the EDI attack yeah yeah I
just wanted to replace it with the
traditional green tunic sure sure but
just staring up to shit in 3ds max and
this needs to be recompiled leg about I
have so much respect for bottles right
now that's great as I swear to god I'm
looking at it and it's like a goddamn
alien language to be I'm trying do my
best to try and figure it out
oh no it's gibberish I've spent a little
time in blender which is another 3d
program that's a blender as a three free
D program by the way yeah the the entire
thing is free all the time okay and I've
spent a little time there kept trying to
do like bait like titles yeah like where
it's like oh you know what for this
video I'm making I really want a 3d
title that'll go over the camera
Oh blenders a free program uh-huh I know
how to edit videos I can figure this out
like two months later smoking cigarettes
guy I got it I can know how to work the
camera
like I can I can do this last two times
like I could have been like days where
just could have been doing something
else and just staring ups know I'm gonna
figure this out I'm good from staring at
the screen it's crazy
sharing in the screen not only just
something else for it and come back to
it oh God then I come back to it all
right I'm gonna figure this out oh god
no I can't I can't I don't know what I'm
doing that's the thing I'm sorry I'm
sorry rich well you know if you have the
modded version of the you can get the
Phantom Hourglass phantom which does up
attack that outfit it's an e it's a neat
outfit you're like that night maybe make
it so you can fucking dye it different
colors - oh sure
sure
I can't believe I survived that doesn't
quite figured out how to get over those
logs without completely wrecking my shit
we're just taking this nice and easy
till we get to the boss jump see if we
can make the boss jump try youtube for
help oh I have there's not there's not
that much documentation on breath of the
wild modding not that much
that's the farthest I've gotten it's
like the barbarian outfits like that the
helmet the upper and the lower legs
they're all saved in the same file but
there's still separate files and I have
no idea how to like just like extract
the helmet out and put the the tunic cap
in no idea how to do that there's
there's nothing on YouTube that tells me
how to do that that's you know what and
I've run into similar things by the way
for the person asking in chat how I know
specifically that I just assumed every
asset is available on the modded version
so I assumed that the DLC stuff is also
available on the model version I ran
into very similar things when looking up
Dungeons and Dragons rules where it's
like I want to know one specific thing I
need one youtube video to tell me this
one very specific thing yeah and yeah
finding that is really difficult
sometimes but you'll get there rich
eventually hidden hidden in another
video doing something completely
different you'll find it like the piece
of information you're looking for but
then there's like two things going on
like Natalie you know figuring out how
to mod this one specific game breath of
the wild but I also don't know how to
use the fucking 3d soft right one thing
at a time rich right
one thing at a time oh fuck fuck it I
never cared much for the flame-retardant
suit and breath of the wild either but I
don't know what the heck I'd replace it
with the big goofy oven looking thing
you wear oh yeah yeah yeah that's good
ever like that
yeah it's silly I don't know what I did
place it with like you know that's where
you get fun you bring in like these the
armor from Oh what's thick what's the
other game you did a you did a game
station on it and then we looked at the
PC remake oh yeah you like not in the
vanquish armor and replace that with
that with a fireproof armor that sounds
cool
yeah just link run around with the
vanquish armor that'd be very silly
oh shit I turned I turned the speedrun
time around
now clean landing come on can I add the
bonuses I want to the outfit I want to
use instead in theory I could but you
don't get the fucking cap of the wild to
the end of the game and that's just
stupid like that's the cap you got to
get a hundred twenty shrines for oh fuck
that
absolutely fuck that mm-hmm
oh you know what I just thought of in my
most recent breath of the wild
playthrough like where I did all the
stuff and I did all the DLC and I did I
did like way more stuff the second time
I found skeleton horse I found the the
king of the mountain I did all that
stuff you know where I didn't go the
island Oh every time the the island
where you lose all your items that have
to deal with it I never did that island
ever well I mean I did it my first
playthrough how to add a great time I'm
saying this second playthrough when I
did it you know like more of everything
I just like oh yeah I'll go to that
island when I get the chance we're gonna
feel like it I never felt like it never
super large amount of respect I have for
modders not only for their work in 3d
programs but I I can't even figure out
how to do one stupid thing and there are
people right now putting Zelda in the
game complete with their own unique
wardrobe
yeah these people know what's up
we got turn there one below
one flexes Jack yeah talk about the
three-hour battle at Vitas shrimp and
return to the king the mama kill the
Rohirrim charge the battle is excessive
but I never feel bored
why does Lord of the Rings work when
other films don't I'm from DC and the
capital and the Capitals are in the
finals I had no idea how to pronounce
some of these words I did my best but as
Lord of the Ring stuff and I don't know
that yeah and what's what's crazy about
Return of the King is you forget that
like V the massive battle that takes
place at at Rohan
no not Rohan the the last kingdom of man
the last battle that takes there is like
an hour and a half away from the end of
the movie like that battles that battle
is going on when you start the second
disc and it's done with pretty quickly
like it's not that's not the final like
set piece of the movie Frodo hasn't even
gotten to Mount Doom yet when when the
last major battle happens
oh no that battle is fucking great like
watching it was so great watching it
with my kids do like watching it with
new eyes because there's a big thing in
Return of the King uh you've seen it
once right yeah so do you remember like
don't they're a blur to me they're all a
blur there is this big thing about
whether or not they would like light the
fires to call forth all of the armies of
men and whether they would show up in
time and like they finally show up with
all their horses and they run over all
the orcs it's it's honestly just an
awe-inspiring scene when when the Riders
of Rohan overtake the orc army and then
on the other side Aragorn and Legolas
and Gimli have to get a ghost army and
so there's like an army in the castle
there's an army on horseback and then
there's a fucking army
of ghosts all fighting the same battle
and it's it's and it's so great so they
need to defend the area and they use the
ghost army right yeah the whole thing of
the ghost army they're completely
they're completely undefeatable right
yeah
one of the just have the ghost army
attack Mount Doom because the reason
they were able to get the ghost army to
help them in the first place is because
the they were men who ran away from an
oath they made to a king long ago and so
Aragorn said if you help us with this
battle I will I will reclaim your oath
and you can rest in peace and they you
help them win the battle
okay and actually that that is a line
lock this battle yeah haven't killed the
bad guys err Aragorn didn't think that
far in advance he was like a tactical
blunder they can only think of one enemy
at a time like help us it actually that
was a that's a line in the movie where
Gimli Chema's like these guys are pretty
good they'd be having around maybe we
should keep them in the ghosts we're
getting a little mad Aragorn is like no
no I'm a good king okay okay yeah
it's a book it's a book well yeah of
course based on the book I know the
movies better I've read the books ages
ago but I wouldn't I wouldn't even know
the books I know the movies better now I
know the movies far better than I know
the books yeah go kill them over there
we'll all be here dead no you flee
asleep well you let them take the lead
here's what you do
you guys got this you guys got this
ghost army
those could have killed all the good
guys this is easily so Aragorn pulled
that ship he'd be dead no no no the
battle that they promise you don't have
it be that battle you do the other thing
instead rich is saying instead of
Aragorn saying help us with this battle
of man and said Aragorn would say help
us defeat Sauron and then I will and
then I will release you from your own
butt
Aragorn was thinking about all of the
lives lost in the Curt in the you know
the thing that was happening right there
right now that would win you the damn
war and that's the most important thing
that's all the lives even if you defeat
Sauron the army is still at the castle
okay and so you have to choose one of
the other yeah choose army or Sauron I
don't choose defeating Sauron right but
remember that the people in the castle
are all that's left of all mankind are
you telling me in Lord of the Rings the
only people the people in that castle
are all of mankind it's it's implied
that you know if that castle Falls the
rest you know like there'll be a few men
here and there but like that's the major
okay once they defeat that castle once
the enemies are going on to get the rest
of mankind
fuck that we're going to your home base
with this ghost army and we're gonna
fuck your shit up good damn it Jack the
best defense is a good office your tech
I think your tactical mind is fighting
the wrong battle you fill the fucking
castle with explosives and let them
happen to many people there's two minute
while and there's there's there's
politics involved too rich you remember
the crazy king who tried to burn his son
or the crazy
there's some politics involved they have
to destroy the ring you kill everyone a
moat doom and just walk the ring that's
gentle walk with without all those orcs
there Sam and Frodo could have gotten
there a lot faster they could have got
there before Frodo lost his shit and
bouverie saved the day that's not what
it was about rich it was about even the
most pure hearted being corruptible even
Frodo is corruptible even that you every
everyone succumbs to temptation rich
that sounds like one of those people who
says the Eagles should have just flown
Frodo to Mount Doom they should have god
damnit I think there is a specific oh
these are stupid I think there was
actually a very specific reason why the
Eagles didn't that's covered in the
books but yeah I mean right if I
remember correctly there's a very
specific reason why the Eagles didn't if
I'm in charge
the first thing I'm doing is I'm giving
Sam the fucking ring for I agree 100%
100% though here's the thing rich we
don't really know how Sam would react to
be fair okay say Sam's all nice and
good-hearted but as soon as that ring
starts corrupting did he not have it for
a bit and when Frodo asked for it back
Sam gave it to him he did but he never
he never reward he held on to it for
okay okay he gave it and he gave it back
to Frodo but he kind of hesitated a bit
and that's just for holding it for like
a couple minutes you know so the the
truth of the the the the fairness to
Frodo here is that we golem had that
ring for a total of two seconds before
he would refused to part with it if I
could come out of the mud that's right
enough that's right now his friend
picked it out of the mud for gala or for
Smeagol it was just seeing the ring was
enough to corrupt him right
know when when Smeagol first got when
Smeagol got the ring all actually all
Smeagol did was look at the ring and
that was enough to corrupt him is what
rich is talking about in the flashback
yeah
which is very true
no no mo I'm actually really okay with
Frodo with Frodo not wanting to throw
the ring in at the end because to me
that was the moral of the story is you
know even Frodo the kind hearted Hobbit
was corrupted and it wasn't really about
that it was about you know it was about
how war changes you in the journey and
all that other bullshit so I like it
I'm down it corrupted Boromir and he
didn't touch it either right we all
agree the two things rich is wrong about
our solo and I don't say I hey I might
have teasingly said I hate Lord of the
Rings uh-huh I mostly just don't get it
you mostly just don't know I guess it's
something I despise okay I don't sit
around plotting things why they like it
whoo I were in charge the road I good
everything I just don't have the same
reaction doing that everyone else does
but it's amazing it's amazing like some
things what don't you get about it I'll
get it I don't get that you don't get it
I don't get why this is so amazing bahai
alright you game wasted too much I've
wasted too much time Danny I don't get
why you don't get it especially like the
movies are just so beautiful you know
the books they're they're a bit long I
can see that bit long to read
but I mean it rich only understands but
it's bitter and jaded haha is that not
the end of Lord of the Rings prefer gets
corrupted and Woodbury saves the day
well that's not the end and what are the
Rings is bitter and jaded that's the
final message no the final final message
is that though is the world moving on
actually actually the after after
actually the bit the bitter and jaded
now Frodo has to leave middle-earth
because he's so bitter and jaded he has
to basically go to the heaven of
middle-earth because he's so bitter and
jaded he has to leave the goddamn story
because he can't deal with with their
happy bullshit anymore and then Sam you
know gets a wife and has some kids and
and everyone else moves on Aragorn
becomes king but the message is still a
jaded message even the kind is hard to
be corrupted ish ish but good wins out
in the end so it's not jaded every bit
as cynical and nihilistic as I am
minutes well first of all it's
definitely not as much as you but but
you know the at the end of the day good
wins because a monster bites off Frodo's
finger so uh maybe a little bit as
sadistic as you how about that if it
weren't for a horrible creature
dismembering our hero yeah evil would
win the day bad message I'm saying it's
a jaded message somebody's saying I
can't appreciate it because I only like
things that are bitter and jaded and I'm
saying the final message of Lord of the
Rings is in fact bitter and jaded no I'd
say one of the themes might be bitter
and jaded miss but the final message
corruption is absolute that's what I get
out of Lord of the Rings corruption is
absolute ah that's a that's fair but the
good guy still wins
it's jaded not hopeful what's hopeful
about Frodo succumbing and Smeagol
biting off his finger because he is also
entirely corrupted what is hopeful about
that it's an accident that saves the day
absolutely jaded miss but also you're
only looking at one side of you're only
looking at one side of the finale of
Lord of the Rings because Lord of the
Rings isn't about Frodo it's you know
it's a multicast right yeah the the
other side of that is is these you know
groups of men coming together to fight
and an unstoppable evil just because
they believe in their friend and you
know obviously the friend only wins due
to Boober e at the end Frodo said fuck
my friend I want this ring but these all
the guys came together and and the
little hobbitses were there to fight the
whole monsters and everyone was willy
ready and willing to fight off the evil
just for their friend Frodo
which is the biggest fuck control you
just don't like it when I made good
points
not Boober II what's that word a kept
iike tossed Rafi that's an interesting
word I'm still gonna call it Boo Berry
it was a it was a big old whoopsie that
meant the ring went into Mount Doom it
was a big old whoopsie dupes
because Frodo showed compassion to
Gollum Gollum lived long enough to knock
the ring into the fire
that's ignoring a whole lot of Gollum
been trying to kill Frodo and Sam that's
plainly fucked logic right there says
having mercy is bad because forget mercy
that person's just gonna stab you in the
back God Lord of the Rings is cynical of
jaded are the Rings is like super
cynical and jaded
yeah I don't know if that was the lesson
there chat it's all good if you wanted
to just win this game could you just
take the safe route like not go up the
castle ramp yeah you can't like if you
wanted to cheese and you know cheesing
is perfectly acceptable in this game you
can just do this
the downside is there are random rocks
everywhere okay and the up there it's
okay luckily I jumped off of that one
but other than that then the game
doesn't punish you for it
well what the game punishes you is in
your your cool points your score yeah
and then you don't get the ocean come on
yeah bicurious I'm not criticizing that
oh yeah so like cheesing is definitely a
viable option and i do it all the time
if I'm low on health but then the game
doesn't let you get those cool bonuses
mercy equals weakness in Lord of the
Rings right well you know maybe if
Gollum wasn't fucking him around so much
they would have gotten to Mount Doom a
little bit faster and then Frodo
wouldn't have been so corrupted so they
shouldn't have had mercy on them I'm
just saying
okay I'm just saying okay and also
remember that it was only Frodo that
showed mercy Sam was ready to murder
Gollum very early on Sam our good one
our good hopeful one he was right he was
right on every step with the journey
almost almost Gollum for a while was was
ready to turn all goodrich did he huh
did he well until fuck you tree until
fucking Faramir got involved thanks a
lot lesser Boromir it's the same was
right huh so Sam was right they should
have killed him
if Faramir didn't get involved then
Gollum could have been good she's
bergdahl him because he had to believe
that he come back from corruption
yes but the jaded message of Lord of the
Rings is that he could not write if
that's what rich is saying at the end of
the day he almost didn't come back from
being corrupted he was ready to leave
Sam on Mount Doom and take the ring back
and be the new column Frodo is all ready
to turn 100% evil in fact if it wasn't
for Gollum biting his goddamn finger off
so associated associated I think that's
just you I think it's a I really do I
have no problem with a baggage Aidid
message I'm just pointing up and it is
that's all there's some that's all I
think there's some you know there's some
reality in there there's some harsh
there's some harshness I don't know if
I'd call it jaded though I was a fun
conversation I loved it listen any time
you want to talk Lord of the Rings I am
down I prefer to Star Wars let's talk
about the other nerd thing how about
that
ah fuck you game enjoy this game it's
very challenging though very challenging
which talks Star Trek what Star Trek do
you want to talk about talking a lot of
Star Trek too
we have we have indeed that's okay we
can talk all the nerd things we can talk
all the nerd things my favorite thing
right now just so before we get into
into Star Trek is just watching all of
the extended behind the scenes stuff for
all of the Lord of the Rings and I think
that's it's especially nice for my kids
I love showing them kind of like the
process of how movies are made and you
know all that kind of you know like it's
very important to me that they know that
movies are fake yeah because I don't
want I don't want to have to deal with
you know nightmares and monsters and
what no movies are fake and they're fun
because they're fake and so although all
the behind the scenes Lord of the linked
stuff has been just been fantastic like
oh here's how we made an O Rukh I it's
just a person and here's how we did -
all the masks and makeup and everything
and it's been it's just been super neat
watching that with the children besides
watching the movies which has been great
as well good old extended editions did
we ever talk about my little personal
Lord of the Rings Mandela effect moment
and I'm pretty sure we've talked about
this okay I go ahead and I I remembered
the cartoon ending with Sam cutting off
Frodo's hand you've mentioned this and
that's when the hand with the ring goes
into the lava and it does not unlike I
remember it is Sam saving the day now I
believe it happened much the same way
with Gollum and Boo Berry sure well
right Gollum and Boo Berry what else do
you worry it's it's so should have ended
with Sam cutting off Frodo's hand that
would have been badass that well that
also could have been a really fun like
character moment where you know Sam has
to do the right thing even though it
hurts yeah mr. Frodo is his friend who's
he's sworn to protect you know what
actually that would have been better
than Boo Berry
right now I'm gonna go ahead and agree
with you Tolkien's a hack
well I don't want I don't want the logs
no logs please oh I did not
stop it with the logs that would have
been jaded rich but the story isn't
jaded ya know the story isn't jaded it
only has Frodo big getting completely
corrupted and Gollum who couldn't be
rescued biting off his finger because
they're both green bastards and then the
ring accidentally falls in the lava
that's such a hopeful message about
humanity I was thinking the same thing I
was thinking the same thing
face it the ending of Lord of the Rings
I'm not then that's saying this makes it
bad even I'm fine with this write the
ending Lord of the Rings is jaded as
fuck is fuck well but that's not the
ending that that part that the car yeah
climbs you're this half of the climax is
jaded because you forget about everybody
else but I'll give you a half half of
the climax it's a happy ending on
accident yes because of Boober II
because well that's what that's why I'm
giving him half because obviously
there's there's everyone else who's
doing very honorable and heroic things
at that at the moment that Frodo is
betraying Sam the point was the ring was
fucking evil rich they resisted its
power as long as they could
yes and the ultimate message is you
can't resist evil no one well you have
to count on a happy accident to save you
four people the ultimate message is
anyone is corruptible which yes is a
jaded message and we should we should
give rich this but but there's there's
more there's more to the story and we
all know that and rich knows that too he
was having a little fun I am having fun
but I think I don't think and I think
it's so easy to gloss over climax is the
most important part yeah but you're only
paying attention to half of the climax
you're talking about what happens to
Frodo after he realizes he's a terrible
person deep down inside Jack no I'm
talking about like oh this is an
ensemble like the you know this isn't
Frodo story this is eight different
people story yes Frodo and Sam over here
but there's six other main characters
who are doing super heroic and selfless
things okay so I'm giving you I'm
meeting you halfway and say half jaded
all right all right guy rich Evans oh oh
yeah why is rich laughing so much of
this I don't know I find it fun let rich
enjoy his very few non Star Wars
conversations you people you people you
make him do so many Star Wars things let
him have this it's fun to point out that
Lord of the Rings is a jaded the story
about failure and greed corruption it is
but you know that's kind of you know
he's right just because it's jaded
doesn't make it bad yeah I've not said
it's bad because it's jaded yeah
right
oh I do tricks off of those nope nope
didn't do it this time damn it
touken was a world war 1 vet yeah till
Keon was a hardcore man though a token
is also very adamant that the the books
are not are not about the wars even
though you can find you know like you
can piece it together token has been
very very clear it's definitely not
about World War two
Wow gobbledygook says Hasbro films
schedule has a D&D; movie listed in 2021
this hasbro own DMD huh it can't be
right that cannot be right
fun jack have you researched any D&D;
settings like Forgotten Realms
someday a Drizzt or baldur's gate film
could be successful and you might wish
you looked into the franchise before
they were cool shit I'm already into it
man
Hasbro Owens Wizards of the coast how is
that true I didn't know that I did not
know that
well there you go ah interesting I I
think I mean obviously there's there's
amazing stories to be had in Dungeons
and Dragons and much like much like
Marvel has found has kind of found their
stride by uh that was a front foot that
was a frontal oh fuck I'm fucking this
up already so so Marvel one of the
things Marvel has been able to do well
with with their movies is draw from
years of storytelling decades of
storytelling right yeah and they just
pull like the best bits out of 50
fucking years of telling spider-man
stories and D&D; has a possibility of
doing the exact same thing because
obviously people have been running
dungeons since when was it made the 70s
oh yeah I do that on purpose because I
yeah I've died so many times I'm just
starting over the question is how are
you going to do it that doesn't seem
generic how are you gonna do a D&D; rise
well and a lot of D&D; is based off of
Tolkien's universe stuff you know orcs
and Rangers and elves and dwarves and
halflings right like so much of it is
hard-coded Lord of the Rings already how
do you make a D&D; property stand out as
D
that's the clue that way that would be
if I was working it has four if I was
you know working a producer on this
movie that would be my number one
priority you might have to find somebody
with a vision who's willing to give it
its own feel right you kind of have to
invent it well and you know you'd have
to like you'd have to talk to prominent
people in the community who have been
DMing and running dungeons and like hey
you know give me your stories give me
like what has worked well for you like
you find that just that right story and
then you have to give it to a director
who's going to make it look different
than the Lord of the Rings yabbies right
yeah it's that's a that would be a
really tricky task the old dandy cartoon
I mean you probably haven't because
because of the we've talked earlier the
age difference between us is just enough
yeah just enough ran for like a season
or two but there was a Saturday morning
DMD fair - really yeah yeah good for
modern-day kids much much like a role
playing group yeah I go to some kind of
carnival and the magic ride or whatever
it is ends up taking them to the
Dungeons & Dragons world
hahaha and the dungeon master was this
little Yoda guy give him all their own
magic weapons and then they go on
adventures trying to find their way home
not a bad premise I liked it when I was
a kid
interesting yeah I'll look that up
I gotta look that up no uh well and you
know that you might I know there was a
ton of success with Jumanji - welcome to
the jungle
yeah which is you know a lot of that
premise the kids sucked into a video
game
okay do you go that right so you go a
little comedy dungeons of dragons
obviously last times this dragons had
Marlon Wayans in it for comic relief I
didn't work out too well
you're saying you emphasize the D&D;
session right maybe hmm maybe a terrible
idea what you do kind of do a modern
take on the D&D; cards it would get
compared to Jumanji is the only real
issue right unless you use it as a weird
framing device okay where the story's
taking place it's like like kinda like
The Princess Bride the characters are
doing their own thing in the story but
every now and then you cut to like the
kids playing at the game well I would I
roll I'm gonna attack them roll for
initiative then you have you have like
the occasional like critical fail joke
like critical fail you roll the one and
the guy in the guy in the when you go
back to the fatty setting and like trips
over his own sword or something that's
it
The Princess Bride yeah cuz the Princess
Bride is just a story being told you
know right grandpa to son and right you
get you get nice light-hearted moments
that break up any anything real but the
story of The Princess Bride is still
very real yeah you figured it out that's
exactly how you do it you start with you
start with the kids you know like like
the credit sequence is like you know
really close-up shots of little
miniatures and the kids set you know
like dice rolling and you hear like just
background chatter of the kids starting
their adventure and then you just go
into the adventure and then every once
in a while you get and yeah it's like
one of the kids from stranger things or
whatnot you know like a popular kid
doesn't have to work too hard the item
they have to get is a magic gem that has
20 sides
well no that's the way you you you have
it's the same shape as like the 20-sided
die but you know wouldn't you when
you're in the fantasy oh it's all glowy
and like a gym yeah oh so they're not
looking for a dime but I'm looking for a
dye they're looking for a gym yeah this
happens to be shaped sure 20-sided die
oh I love that yeah that's a brilliant
idea
and then you can get away you can get
away with any adventure you want and you
keep it light-hearted and and you can
always pull back to the kids that's it I
mean congratulations you figured it out
oh I don't even remember that that was
the last that was like the next to last
Futurama movie wasn't it where they had
the D&D; adventure I guess they were
looking for a d20 oh all right so maybe
you don't do that well no but you put
like you have like a temple and it has
all like different die shapes all over
it you know the cube of agamotto the the
hexagon no of flug Aman ya know that's
great because I think you know for for
any of these properties the the
important thing to do is to keep it to
keep it light-hearted yep you know if
you take D and D - seriously you're
gonna end up in some bad water you're
gonna end up in cheesy territory instead
of instead of schlock Territorian you
want to you want to go schlock
self-aware schlock
yeah I love that I love that Princess
Bride that's exactly right
South Park has done this D and shit
already D and D shit already oh I guess
nobody can do with that oh you're right
you're right oh god damn it
Oh mind never mind insightful comment
withdrawn chat everything's been done
everything has been done there are very
few new ideas in fact didn't South Park
to a whole episode on that yeah not how
everything's been done and it's okay to
redo things okay come on man come on no
I think I think your way gets rid of all
the problems it gets rid of the generic
problem it takes care of the possibly
taking itself too seriously problem make
a kid-friendly yeah you've already
you've already figured it out
shit shit shit
slow down slow down slow down thank you
that's the way to do it so Hasbro by the
way yeah
give us a call we're we're available for
consultations yeah
that's news to me ah but you know I
guess Hasbro's a big company they own a
lot of things I guess I I guess to me
like just D&D; has been around for so
long I'm surprised to anyone owns them
you know what all somebody owns
everything somebody owns everything well
you know like gear you know the Gary
Gygax incorporated doesn't over him you
know it's like oh it's it's like when
did Wizards of the coast buy them I mean
right I'm sure he retired whatever sure
oh yeah no but it's it almost seems to
me like you know I got that local coffee
shop you go to you you love it so much
and you know and what it what a great
little neighborhood Joe and then you
find out that it's owned you know it's
like a subsidiary of Starbucks oh yeah
but I mean these are the Tom's
toothpaste Thomas to whatever is this
little homegrown toothpaste that so its
own better people do best now is that
true yeah
goddamnit toms get your shit together
they had a black licorice toothpaste for
a while
yeah my was my that was my opinion yeah
black licorice are based I mean I'm
gonna say interesting but be horrified
some better first stunt I need a goddamn
he'll need a hill for a stunt rich I'm
sorry I need to do one stunt so I can
get a clean landing I know I need more
of a hill and you go down hill oh here
we go maybe that would build up some
speed cuz I got to do I have to do a
stunt and I get a clean landing whatever
I could I don't fuck around too much if
you take too long
you lose the the level okay the hood the
entire level you have to get to the boss
the little skull circle before before
sundown Oh correction
correct okay rich wife spreading lies do
you work for the Colgate cooperation and
you were hoping to you were hoping to
throw crest under the bus figured me out
you're your shill for for Colgate
corporation incorporated rich Evans
you'll do anything for money
so will I by the way if anyone's hiring
anything for enough money
thank Abrash says if you played any good
board games lately Jack just got back
from game night at a bar lots of good
stuff played the new jurassic park game
and target is a really fun family game
hmm
Jax Jax but in D&D; when I have been in
D&D; land
I've been diving deep into in deal and
in fact nights we haven't been playing
or nights I haven't been DMing my
children have taken up the MA
now but yeah well you know started with
it with the older one who like as soon
as we got done with our first dungeon
like wanted to make his own all right go
ahead make his own we did his and you
know obviously a little rough but but
decent like a lot of fun puzzles a lot
of good stuff and then because the older
brother did it the younger brother
needed to do it and his dungeon the
younger brothers dungeon was a little
rougher it was basically 100% combat
yeah because that's all he cared about
though the interesting thing is like he
actually he drew out a little map and
everything that is you know he's six
right the dread a little map he actually
like wrote down all the appropriate
dungeon master stuff so he like figured
out his end though it was 99% combat
there was one very strange things he put
in like these pools and and like you
like every is every room had a little
pool in it he called it a like a pool
and goes and there's a symbol at the
bottom of the pool and it looks like
this okay and and so you know my wife
goes um okay I bend down and I take a
drink from the pool and he goes that's
one HP take it off its post poisoned and
we're like wow pools poisoned what the
fuck and so then like you know we're
figure I wants to do with this pool and
all sudden I go all right I step into
the pool and he goes you get one HP
and a superpower and it gave me like a
magical like standing in the pool gave
you a magical power but drinking from it
poison do you know where the fuck did
you come up with that like howdy
was there a hint oh no no no it wasn't a
hit but more so I'm just thinking like
how do you think about a poison pool
that gives you a superpower you know I
just thought it was the
Judis thing like and the most
off-the-wall stuff so so so you know if
we've been just hardcore game being
although we did play a couple rounds of
munchkin have you ever played munchkin
with you we play a lot of board games
because we've been in the D&D; mode
munchkin is a very you know DNV
referential like now I'm trying to think
of a superhero that got their powers in
the cool poison he's gonna try and throw
one right in your face but I couldn't
think of one fasten I still can't think
of on the chance saying the Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles but that's not true
at all turtles got their superpowers
from master splinter the turtles in fact
don't have super power that's correct
they have years of training that's
correct yeah
for all we know the turtles are just you
know kind of people strength people who
who have spent the last 16 years every
day of their life training to be ninja
yes I see so they're just very capable
humans no that's like they have a
disability they're trained in than just
to agile martial arts yet they got that
awkward fucking shell right their
mobility is limited that they're working
with a disability that's true and still
making the best of it
which TMNT universe am i referring to
pretty much all of them unless unless
I'm mistaken on anything what are the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles superpowers
yeah as you see them what are the turtle
superpowers because they're not regular
yeah okay they're not regular turtles
yes they have a mutation they have that
is super-powered relative to a human
being right it's not they don't have
super strength if you were fingers you
weren't told
mutation does not necessarily equal a
superpower they can hide their head in a
shell to avoid a cannon that's a turtle
power that's not a superpower hardship
yeah see you guys have proven the points
pretty lame superpowers they have no
superpowers this they're just impeccably
trained ninja exactly so they get their
superpowers from Master Splinter over
the course of 16 years yes agreed rich
hardcore gree well no and so like that's
I was I kept on trying to think of like
what story did you read to to uh you
know to add that to you to your game
where you know the water is poison
unless you stand in it and then you get
a superpower and I couldn't honestly not
think of one in the new series the
turtles will have magic powers well in
the new series Raphael is also gonna be
the leader so what the fuck does that
thing know nothing nothing yeah in the
new season they can throw fireballs yeah
new season probably won't count then how
about that throwing around eating
massive amounts of pizza as a superpower
I I know plenty of people who who uh you
know you know the original comics
they're not Pizza crazy oh yeah yeah Wow
pretty kid-friendly things yeah so I can
see that like being a cartoon thing yeah
right they have the the turtles have the
exact same superpower as Batman has
which is years of training
luckily they got their training for free
because they don't have any money
Batman paid a lot of money for his
training can't winner use a super ninja
super ninja astral projection power
alright I don't know what the fuck
cartoon that's from but I'll let you
this Master Splinter probably taught it
to him so once again they get their
superpowers from Master Splinter and
intense training
agree I think you're just people are
confusing like their mutation with
superpowers in general yeah but if the
patient just gets them to a point where
they can kind of be like normal people
that's all the mutation does that's true
that's true I think I I think if they
were just kids like if they were just
you know kids being raised in the sewers
because why not with would buy a giant
rat they would still have the exact same
training yeah
they probably wouldn't shoes deliver the
supers they wouldn't know any better if
you're born in the sewers you think
that's a lot all right and then they
well you know so that would be their
stories when they were when they became
16 they finally left the sewers and like
there's a whole world up here Master
Splinter why do we have arguments over
trivial things this is an argument this
is just fun this is a fun conversation
we're just having a good time yeah
worse we're speculating about the
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles it's just a
good time
what about Donatello superintelligence
another cartoon thing by the way and I
don't think that's a super power granted
by mutation I just think he's supposed
to be smart well I suppose it kind of is
granted bud mutation because otherwise
we're just gonna dump totally sure if
you want to account that'll tell those
intelligence is something that a super
intelligent than fine hmm
but but another cartoon thing in that
original comic book that I I don't know
if that I mean I guess you're right like
he's just a turtle and turtles aren't
that smart but I also just think that's
studying you know that's true I I don't
he that's true even you know in the
cartoons or you know in the new cartoon
or whatever he's just the one who's
always reading that's not that's not
that's not a superpower this is Jericho
Trey he's just a learning man turtle you
know doctors don't have superpowers they
have studying and training
but I'm talking about superpowers I know
they started office turtles but I'm
talking about something that a human
being can't do but a human being can to
do yeah right they can lift 2,000 pounds
that give us nothing they can see
through walls yes they can fly a
superpower you know a superpower yeah
would the turtles be at all useful in a
fight if it weren't for Master Splinter
teaching them to be awesome ninjas the
answer is of course the answer is no
they would get beat up like any other
schmuck in a fight
they might they might fare a little bit
better as you know they have the shells
yep so
the turtles were more durable and strong
than normal men
where's Merce anywhere is it said that
they are stronger than normal
where's that ever been said they're
making shit up bitch they're just making
shit up we're just making shit up like
it's the truth
and you know what if the turtles did
have superpowers like they have a super
strong better just make them less
interesting ah maybe maybe yeah you you
think it would be more interesting than
fighting super power and having
superpowers fighting someone like
shredder who does not well say that's
where that maybe comes in it's like yeah
who are they fighting what you're
villains to be strong and intimidating
and and you're heroes to have to fight
against the odds yes and if the turtles
are four dudes with superpowers beating
up a man who trained really hard that's
just kind of sad not as heroic well if
you put it that way
you know I mean the shredder trained all
his life work very hard to be as tough
and as strong and skilled as he is yeah
he gets beat up by four dudes who are
basically on steroids get some weight
you have laser eyes shit what how am I
supposed to deal with this how my voice
wasn't run my evil empire I trained all
my life and it was guitar Oh Alt Delete
I trained all my life and discipline
myself we stumbled into radioactive
waste how awkward
where are the turtles ever shown to be
stronger than his human humans who have
trained for sixteen years in the martial
arts when when has that ever been a
thing yeah like they can punch hard
because they've been trained and they
they have muscles because they work out
all the time but you know like rake you
could go down the street and see a dude
with muscles who punches hard right now
have they ever like they can jump 50 or
more feet into the air spin faster than
the eye can see withstand incredible I
don't think they do anything though that
other kart - ninjas can't do I've been
doing shit that like the Foot Clan and
shredder can do because of their
training I see what they're saying
though I see what they're saying I get
it
effortlessly leaping from building to
building I think that shit in their
world that just highly trained ninjas
are supposed to be able to do of which
they are one yes
and that's the real thing is that that's
like canonically ninja shit that's where
we get into a little bit of a fuzzy area
between like the the laws of a cartoon
and the laws of oh shit the laws of a
cartoon and the laws of superhero stuff
you know I get it I wanted to get a
little bit further that what's the point
of playing this game guys skip the Pat
have to have so the point is to get
through all four worlds and if I skip
some of the obstacles I won't die and I
thought I could get two more worlds but
I can't I can't do it I just can't do it
rich
bebop and rocksteady could rip street
signs out of concrete they were the same
type of use they're the villains and
it's okay if they're strong I don't know
that the turtles have ever been
portrayed as strong like that though
because of mutation like I said any any
universe where you give the tea and TMNT
superpowers just diminishes their
greatest villain shredder and I don't
know why you would ever want to do that
oh yeah you have it you have like I
don't know I don't know what you get out
of the turtles having superpowers in
addition to just their training you get
toy lines is what you get it's instead
of just selling a turtle with the sword
you get to sell a turtle with you know
fire fist action and and you get a whole
new toy line out of that which is all
these people are hoping for anyway but
but yeah you're right it's like there's
escalation where if I got so close that
one time
there's escalation where if the turtles
have super powers then shredder needs
super fun oh nice look I got up on the
roof I did it if the turtles need to
have super powers then shredder needs uh
needs to have super powers too right
he doesn't he doesn't but he has to he
should orange is not as heroic when they
beat the shit off I like that too
I like that's here just beating up an
old man just the turtles beating up an
old man
it's already not heroic when they beat
the shit out of shredder it's four on
one that's true but they have
superpowers that just makes it that much
worse now but you shredder wins because
he's way more badass than the Turtles
even four on one so then it's okay
get caught up cuz I'm just fucking
around nom Chevalier kill you let's just
cover says if not for dalam Sam would be
forced to kill Frodo in order to destroy
the ring then he probably would have
jumped into the volcano out of the grief
yeah that would be so much better than
surprise boo berry or you just write
something different entirely I don't
know what you could do but I'm just I
didn't cared that much I'm not saying
they shouldn't do it I'm kidding I'm
just pointing out things right now
oh no and that is a cynical moment of
Lord of the Rings we can all agree with
that no and I do actually like your idea
of Sam not killing Frodo but at least
having to harm him yeah like Sam having
to cut off his cut off his finger to get
the ring yeah that would have been an
interesting character moment and and you
know what actually then then Frodo
having to leave the Shire just because
like he knew he knows he had to fight
Sam at the end it would make a lot more
sense like man that ring really fucked
me up man I'm like you did the right
thing but I can't how do you how do you
look at me I can't look at me right so
that actually would make a lot more
sense it's it's all fine and I don't I'm
not insisting they changed the ending
it's all fine it was just a fun goddamn
conversation no you're just saying that
the Tolkien is a hack and all of his
work is worthless now right
and get it I want to find this I can't I
can't stay up on the roof the roof won't
let me stay up on here that's really
upsetting to me why don't you go outside
and write a real bike because you'd
break your neck doing shit like this
yeah like it's fun though the stunts the
downhill action this is this is a game
that I've really been enjoying like just
sticking sticking on for like ten
minutes at a time or so let's go down
some hills have some fun though I do
want to stay on this roof
captain president says the gamers
darkness rising through 2008 work pretty
well as deem deep type movie that
followed the players into the
role-playing game I've never heard the
gamers what the gamers darkness rising
darkness rising ok the gamers dorkness
rising what's a good Lord of the Rings
game shadow Mordor is pretty good
oh we're caught up shadow mortars fine
it's a fine game yeah was that the first
one in the second one first one yeah
shadow Mordo is a fine game also I
remember the the two towers game for the
ps2 okay being being just the B's
fucking knees do you remember that
there's a two towers game that I
remember being the absolute best and you
got to choose whether you were Gimli or
Legolas or or Aragorn and you got to
fight in the Battle of Helm's Deep and
it was great but yeah shadow Mordor I
remember like because it's its base it's
Batman style combat okay yeah right
shadow Mordor really nice yes Dolph the
Nemesis system where you got to track
down the captains yeah yeah there's some
good spring there's some absolutely good
stuff in there
two towers a game was pretty legit two
towers game I remember that game being
really legit now is the point of the
stream in which we thank all of the
people who have subscribed to us during
this very extreme much like poor Lane
choices I last 1984 / s 436
motherfucking bulbs yeah no it's
motherfucking wasn't a rope we have so
many things we're adding on now it's
confusing uh-huh it's great it's just
confusing god damn it's great
it's completely out of hand it's great
juubi sandwich for 13 months in a row
who says just another month to thank you
both so I can do it again in another
month say rich yeah I had a talk with a
volunteer at a convention that Star Trek
generations holds up better than first
contact
well I always hated first contact so I'm
probably not the best person to ask
I think either a particularly good but I
think I've always liked generations more
than first contact so well there you go
but neither mister elephants for 20
fucking months in a row who wants to
know what we think about fallout 76 what
the teaser oh and we don't really care
about the follow universe so sorry fine
universe I've played many of the games
if you obviously don't care that much
because you haven't played games that's
what I'm saying we just don't care no we
don't we don't care for it why do I hate
first contact they ruined the board not
that the board should have been dragged
out much after best of both worlds
anyway it's a stupid action movie they
shit all over
card just turning him to a dumb yelling
savage jerk when they already dealt with
his boring issues in the series and a
much better more meaningful way
everything about it is horrible it's
it's the moment when Star Trek to the
general audiences became dumb action
mm-hmm Star Trek not mean dumb action
God blows things up yep it was it was
the turning point
hmm there you go I despise it it did
ruin the board adding the board queen
getting sucked into the hive mind you're
one of them now they're just mindless
drones no the Queen's in charge just a
mindless drop yeah and the Queen has
clear needs and wants and can negotiate
yeah yeah like the fact that you could
negotiate with the Borg ruined the board
that was the thing about the board
they're the unstoppable massive of
everything and nothing even even then I
really think the Borg should have been
used sparingly like hardly ever after
you did the best of both worlds couple a
couple of times here and there if you
have a unique take on it sure every time
they bring them back it just waters them
down more and more as a threat unless
you do like a big Borg storyline how
many how many times can you do the
unstoppable threat that nobody could
stop oh we beat them how many times you
can you do that before the unstoppable
threat really doesn't seem all that
fucking unstoppable anymore you just
ruin the Borg you can do it one more and
more every time you drag them out and
have to fight them what what I could see
and obviously they didn't do this but
what I could see happening is to get the
best of both worlds right now we know
the Borg are here they're a threat oh my
god right then you get your sporadic
Borg episodes like the cutest no no that
was that was the best of both worlds oh
that's right that was pre card the best
use of the Borg outside of that best of
both worlds was Hume Hume was that see
what his name when you have a unique
neat spin that is not just we have to
fight them right something like that you
can bring the Borg back when you have a
neat idea you know what you do Hugh and
then maybe
you pepper in a few more and then you
get like a four-part er that's like the
big the board's episode but here's the
that was the best of both worlds that
was the huge thing that was like what
one Borg ship yes right and so then you
do your big Borg thing that either that
either that takes care of it you can I
think you can get more out of the board
no no that's just a bigger Dumber
version of what they did with the one
ship that was itself was unstoppable
right but you've all you've also
introduced into the universe an entire
new race and new culture and people want
to explore that more they just fucked it
up you could go to a Borg world I think
you could go to the Borg homeworld no
I'm good
okay I think and not fuck it up Jack
that's marketing talking as a fan of
next-gen I want to see more of the Borg
but I want to see it done well you know
the fleet of Borg ships would have just
been the Dumber bigger louder sequel
right oh you you do know that I think
there's a way that could have been done
well you can do a thing where they have
to visit the borg homeworld to sneak
around and do something without having
it be we have to fight the ships right
aggghhhhh I agree I agree but like the
board homeworld would have been great
but you have to be clever about how you
use the Borg smirk and not just you
gotta fight him and boom boom boom right
and every time you do that it makes the
Borg less and less threatening I agree
utterly utterly diminished yeah yeah cuz
they don't they don't they don't have
like a culture or a personality to make
up for not being strong like you can
beat the Romulans but if no Romulans
have like personalities and you could
you can have different characters
there's different political things
different ploys different plots right
right
but the board were largely a one-trick
pony
I feel I feel like there there's there's
a few more tricks in there I feel like
there is yeah it was called first
contact and it sucked well that was a
better help it only helped ruin the
board listen it's not much of a like
anyone can shit their pants that's not a
trick rich that's a first contact one
they go they went like this it was them
going tada
ultimately what defeated the board was
Boober II know ultimately what defeated
the board was smart people exploiting a
design flaw
I forget how best of both worlds ends
the sleep command they kidnap a card and
they figure out their the Borges great
strength their hive mind is also their
weakness they implanted a command for
sleep which caused all of the Borges to
go into a rest cycle and they were
momentarily helpless thanks they did
they did clever smart things to beat the
board because they had to because they
couldn't overpower them alright I like
it yeah I like it I like it
we got here we got turbo Dangerfield for
15 months in a row who's his jack you
mentioned the game lovers in a dangerous
space-time the other day yes I played
through the whole thing with my kids
that we loved it
fYI it makes a great game while drinking
I doubt that I would only imagine we
would all get very mad at each other but
yeah no we had a good time playing bad
we played through that whole whole game
we are down here at Kaiser Hawk the pale
hunter who says there is no such thing
as innocence only degrees of guilt
Jaden are you so jaded that's a jaded
comment pail hunter chrono
KT Lloyd beats for 45 motherfucking
months in a row beer coaster for 20
fucking months in a row says thanks for
letting us experience some classic
Sierra games I missed out on them when
they were new me too
they're fun the fun man Inc easy 99 421
fucking months in a row who says another
Oh another anniversary in Spain
that bear did don't bear to tell me yeah
is that right
bear to toe that's how I pronounce it ad
no jest for 20 fucking months in a row
who says love the stream but I am sick
of all the Star Wars talk okay we did
great we did we did Lord of the Rings we
did Dungeons & Dragons we did Star Trek
we did a whole like a like a fucking
gradient of geek culture over here
besides Star Wars it was great until I
go see solo and then Sunday we got to
talk about that a little bit
I'll see Deadpool you want to know what
that well I can deal with that so good
movie that Deadpool is not something
that's like I'm avoiding that just never
gotten around him it's Karen I'm give a
fuck about Washington right right let's
see here so go fuck yourself Chad
anyways
have you heard there's a new duke nukem
game called Bulletstorm you will love it
it's just like vanquish okay sure you're
naked
Loki no boo Jade Falcon says now the
question is this did you read my name
how I mistyped it or I meant it to type
it oh oh my god dyslexia strikes again
and but for the benefit of mankind
you saved you saved era noble Jade
beckylyn vari r77 who says 428 fucking
months in a row who says thanks for all
years of entertainment could sirs uh
very only written but which one you
really ready okay I'm at the barber
metal nips
sir kosis sure Oh for fuck's sake
madam people just be called Dave fuck
you know what Dave Dave says I just
finished watching the first part of
space quest 3 stream just in time to sub
during the second part Jack watch video
by Linda beige titled the coming
revolution in role play games oh it's a
question did you watch that there's a
question mark after oh no I didn't see
that particular one that title doesn't
ring a bell with me I did watch so many
of them though so I could have fantastic
tips about pen and paper RPGs
oh well roll my plate I will look into
that
Linda bitch Linda beige - Dax for 40
motherfucking months in a row
who says Sierra games for life
exclamation point 1 1 1 yeah Paul
Verhoeven
this idk swagalicious pipes on Oh were
you Z Brandon 1 Davis Denzel Washington
for 20 fucking months in a row wrong
water this hard-hitting question here
yeah what do you think the sound of a
cow pissing on a flat rock is in space
exactly like this
that's exactly what it sounds like space
Comeau 445 motherfucking months in a row
is 182 just just going to recommend Orcs
Must Die to is grindy compared to one
yeah I think what works was the one fan
you are before starting to live yeah
we're at least Lucas Ducas 32 fucking
months in a row obese Maurice Cody
Yeager little Cody EV Cody Avenue one
yes sure courtiers her Eames L who says
thanks for all the chat and laughs lad
perks up my otherwise boring week keep
her lit razor blade hat judge a blonde
one and firm scissor punch thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it is a rather silly name do you think
do you think I wonder if there was
anything written about about Star Wars
when it first came out and some was like
I just couldn't watch it
his name was Skywalker and I just that's
too silly for me it happened right I'm
sure I'm sure
yeah no one's gonna believe a hero with
the name of sky walk those are all
ridiculous when you first hear them oh
you get used to them that's fine Leia
Ortega or Tonga what's her last name
no wait what's your last name
or Britain or Tonga or God