Episode 106
Stream fail.
June 12, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5jbz-CWYl0
_____________________________________

we should be hi everybody
injustice to killed RPC what what we
need well yes
second PC just to run the stream through
and one that's just dedicated to only
worrying about playing the fucking game
agreed and so here's here's my here's my
schedule yeah this upcoming week
I am approximately 20 minutes away from
having the Battletech episode edited
okay like I was really if I would have
been late today I could have had it
finished okay but I know stream so as
soon as I have that done edited tomorrow
I will start researching what components
are most needed for a streaming PC
probably just a decent processor I would
assume I have no idea I have just no
idea the Internet that's why cable
that's gonna have that oh yeah well and
you know they have they have those
integrated capture cards Elgato makes
them yeah and so that would be nice get
one of those integrated capture cards
get stuff like that and then just to see
what we need for a streaming only PC
right can't here rich I assume they can
hear well you know what why can they
hear me I do seem quiet can they hear me
do I seem quiet to you are we quiet
Jesus Christ what the fuck did injustice
do Oh rich is fine rich is fine here
both
you
pop pop pop hey hey can you guys hear us
hey can you guys hear us
the mouse is working excellent call rich
rich made a great call yes their sound -
all right yeah Holy Mother of Krim this
is what a what a what a day what a how
do we get to the singleplayer shed that
they added why is the screen so dim why
is everything wrong
why is literally everything wrong
everything went wrong did you guys hear
oh there it is the challenges
did you guys hear like the million
windows connecting disconnecting noises
that happened like butta butta boom boom
boom boo-boom boo-boom holy fuck rich
like here's the thing though I do kind
of want to leave this screen and change
the xsplit okay and I'm gonna do it and
I just hope that doesn't absolutely
Borka you're tempting fate motherfucker
change it and shadow on your fault I did
I changed that in chatti already so okay
there all right everything's fine go
alright so this first time I'm seeing
this age I think I saw a video of this
this segment the gameplay whines okay
I'm the youtubes okay cool
we had smash Adams head with the hood of
the car done and buggies life while he
relieves himself in the woods
easy enough yeah those things will kill
you grab and kill Bugsy on us
okay so there's different ways we can
kill them during them and you're playing
against bots yeah okay oh crap so what
we were saying before everything works
out is on our list of things
oh wait no I admit oh yeah they go on
are on our list of things on our list of
things that we want next is a PC only
for streaming because we run into this
quite a bit where we stream and game
from the same PC and it causes these
issues right so after I am done editing
the episode which I'll be done with that
tomorrow I'm really close and then I
just need to color correct and and add
the music and I do need to color
corrected they the cameras while in
focus this time all works drastically
different color temperatures and so you
were very blue our wide-angle yeah the
hot chicks are wide-angle looked good
and I was very orange so I need some
color correction but it will be done
tomorrow the episode and then I will
spend my time researching a decent
streaming PC it'll be great I want the
cat back I know I know people are gonna
be disappointed there's no biscuit
people love that biscuit this kid will
come back
how much of a PC do you need well well
that's the thing like it doesn't need to
have a super big hard drive
I can't imagine we need that powerful of
a graphics card but I don't know I don't
know what we need
we'll need a Astra
an ingest card and you know I know al
gato makes those and we use el gato
products all the time and so I'll
probably stick with that just because we
use them and you know them right yeah we
need a decent amount of RAM basic GPU
and then a decent CPU but but uh so I
think we can do it on a relatively small
budget which you know that'd be nice
obviously this is B probably a good
processor plenty room right well so that
like that's the thing is there's a
there's an easy solution to a lot of
these problems which is we just get a
second computer in here you know might
be nice our computer is currently for
maybe something just to put both
computers that be nice not necessary but
just off the carpet and you know it's
not thick carpet in here but why not
pockets oh yeah whatever
oh you got a dance you got a I got the
emotes oh boy
I had to get a couple USB cards to run
multiple log attack cameras through oh
sure
well we already have we have the cam
link that's what we really need watch
your step catch any councillor in a trap
ooh complete the entire mission without
using the shift ability as part six
Jason okay Wow all right
roast Chad in the fireplace so done
so done yes age al dente mmm boil AJ's
face in the kitchen yep
shocking revelations electrocute Mitch
to death on the generator alright and so
then you can get a couple of these
objectives checked off and then the next
time you play you get a couple more on
you so yeah okay just little things to
do nice or get a better computer for
games and use the current one for stream
but this computer works you know this
computer works just fine for gaming I
have no grab kills oh you're right i'm
you didn't you didn't equip any grab
kills well that's right you're playing
in my whatsapp a will get some
environmental your fun
I should really damage a fuse box which
causes him to come out that would be
nice yeah that would be nice
to make them remember what they did you
guys getting with is it still the same
system built a few years back yeah yeah
this is the computer that rich built
yeah the first computer building stream
and it's a very nice computer it works
you know for gaming very all the time
very nicely right
yeah yeah yeah
cops weren't quite around yet what year
is this 84
yeah she's maybe she's just a punk not a
goth you know when was the Cure a big
deal that's what that's when the goth
thing started to pick up her face yeah
can you open the door without her
noticing nope really dark yeah no can
you guys even see this
I can't this is to grab again Shh I
can't see this at all we're gonna have
to adjust the gamma you see it fine what
I don't see it I think the injustice to
borked the TV oh you can do it rich you
can kill her I believe in you nope nope
no mailbox skill stuff I just think
things would not be advisable
considering what happened a few minutes
ago I know but it would be nice if we
could see what was happening
oh fuck all right we have anonymous who
says my high school reunion is next
weekend
any advice don't go it's pointless
you probably won't have a good time for
what high school reunion oh I've never
gone to mine no don't go if there was
anybody from high school I wanted us to
see I'd have kept in touch with them out
of high school yes yeah Karen and mine
it's it there you go the the high school
reunion is is the is the craziest
do-do-do-do-do so yeah my advice to you
would be don't go it seems silly seem
silly why do you want to go you're gonna
go you're gonna go you're gonna say hey
what do you do this is what I do now
okay bye hey what do you do this is what
I do now bye dump we're gonna restart
this yeah yeah oh that was that was
ultra suck
well altra suck go to the settings and
up the gamma a little bit this is nuts
isn't this crazy dark it's fine for them
we're setting actually on the TV I have
no idea is it okay for you I can I can I
can deal I guess okay that's fine this
is basically it I can't imagine the big
much more Friday the 13th story mode
than this yeah let's see here
gobbledygook they're gobble TVs says
show dogs released a recut a week after
opening due to parent outrage the
cutscene involves a dog preparing to
have its testicles inspected by a judge
by learning to go to a happy place is
this more or less disgusting than gum
chewing in in cap time I heard about
this actually I have no idea what the
fuck it's a goofy kids movie called show
dogs I think will arnett is in it and
what it's what it's about is a cop dog
and and his comp partner having to go
undercover at a dog show to catch a
criminal right and you know you we hear
what the dog says the cop dog
and it's supposed to it's supposed to be
a goofy movie right and one of the big
plot points of the movie is the dog is
really nervous about having its
testicles inspected as they do in a dog
show okay yeah and I swear to you one of
the character developments of the movie
was the dog our hero of the kids movie
has to be okay with strangers touching
his testicles right but you know kids
watch the movie and it's all about being
okay with strangers touching your
private parts you'd think at some point
during the production that would have
been stopped right I don't know why
anybody would watch this movie in the
first place I think is what I'm getting
at it's a movie that's out in the movie
theater you put it on your kids you did
something you don't think about right
but uh show dog testicle inspector from
Pixar exactly what is wrong with that
jack generally speaking you want to
teach children that it's not okay for
strangers to touch their testicles and
if there's testicles yeah or their
testicles or their testicles you don't
want anyone touching either so nice so
there was a sizable parental outrage
over the movie opening and there they're
kids you know you know what's the lesson
here my I'm supposed to tell my kid it's
okay to have someone touch your balls
get out now right like we didn't go see
the movie I had never even heard of the
movie I think I heard an NPR segment
about the parental help but apparently
they recut the movie removing that scene
but according to the the article that I
heard it was actually a quite a major
plot point and not just like a jokey bit
you wouldn't you would think in a movie
he was thinking a comedy movie like that
it
would be like one bit where he's like
preparing to do the dog show and then
like you know someone grabs his balls
and they cut to that shot of him going
like this going home and oh there's a
joke ha ha I'm just wondering why this
is the thing you wouldn't want to talk
about I got kids man I get my life
revolves around kids movies sometimes
that sounds absolutely you know what
rich sometimes it's horrible and
sometimes they they come to me with
Batman the Animated Series the first box
set and say hey it's been a while since
we've seen this can we watch this and I
say APSA fuckin Lully you want to watch
Batman
yeah then they watch a couple episodes
ago dad this is really good yeah it is
let's watch Batman the Animated Series
type shove Chad what do you have to do
I'm chef Chad in the fireplace
ok so you have to wait till they get in
well they're in Oh are they I watch them
going ok nope nope the check oh what's
that yeah Chad inside ok what hobbies
are you or a dead body who are you
Bravo you fuck you messed up you messed
up that's your fault that's all right
is it is it though is it though Chad's
gonna get away and the Superman animated
series is pretty underappreciated that
that whole universe the the Batman The
Adventures of Superman the Justice
League that that whole trifecta was
great even Batman Beyond Batman Beyond
was great too which technically is part
of the same cartoon universe all that
was fantastic
so I loved all that I'm a fan of all of
that no word yet still on release date
before the the blu-ray of Batman the
Animated Series final 13th has missions
now I don't get it single-player mode
this is a single-player mode this is
probably a good idea for like well I'm
what I'm saying is it's probably a good
idea like or this would have been a good
idea when the game first came out as a
way to familiarize yourself with the
controls learn the maps a little bit
learn some fun kill locations yeah but
wait complete the entire mission without
using the shift ability as part 6 Jason
I did unless I need to get all the kills
do I have the wrong Jason are you part 6
Jason try that again now I have to okay
I have to try that again
that's perfect okay maybe you have to
get all the kills without using the
shifts oh my god you don't have any
kills yeah what do you want kills just
give me get a spirit the face let's be
their face okay okay okay okay you know
what okay you do it okay why don't you
do it why can't I pick that one other
you know why is it grayed out
I don't know I don't know why don't why
don't you have any kills unlocked for
you chase I got I got the ones that I
wanted and I didn't care about any other
ones
I spent my I spent my CP buying outfits
I wanted outfits for my campers so you
have the option between different Guri
kills and outfits and you without
outfits because I got the gory kills
that I wanted some
times I don't know who you are man I got
the kills that I wanted and I looked at
the other kids and I said dad I'm gonna
care about those I'm gonna buy shirts
I'm gonna buy me some shirts man see
Lucas says streamed I'm no audio game's
not downloaded it's almost my 48
motherfucking month anniversary and it's
good to see that after four years or
nothing has changed it's not our fault
that injustice two decided to abort my
computer that game had it out for us is
something we got wrong keep up the great
work for real though love you guys
Thanks thank you I'm stealing kiss
sometimes sometimes you might want to
update the name on the stream I thought
I did let me double-check that you might
want to refresh your page cuz I did
update the name of the game on the
stream so refresh your page you should
see it updated
cuz I did that it's because the negative
reviews of the movie oh you think you
think DC had it out for us because we
talked shit about those shitty movies
it's like put a bug put a bug in
injustice too
yeah BC elbows dropped frames - I'm on
it rich I'm on it I'm so on him get all
the things fixed I'm gonna get all the
things fixed again you guys you don't
even understand what's happened I'm
gonna get all the things fixed we're
gonna get this all straightened out it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great what
we'll do is we'll get the other computer
over here we got the chat running on
that guy oh yeah on that monitor yeah
I'm not my on that monitor so that this
one can only be there you know we'll
have to run some more cords basically
we're gonna add a few more cords in here
but it's gonna it's gonna be great it's
gonna be beautiful
oh you forgot about that one no she just
happened to be looking over here or
something at the time wow that's alright
flyover country if I didn't do it you
would have reminded me and that would
have been great
and then we'll get yes that's right
Kellogg's then we will get a third
computer for all the microphones hook
that up through it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great so many computers that a
fourth one just for the cameras see fuck
syncing all of them is gonna be the hard
luck
you can do it rich I believe in you
there's gonna let me peek through that
door if she could just happen to be
looking the other way yeah agreed agreed
you just got here I have not seen so low
and I've decided that I don't
necessarily care to see so low I might
see it Jack what's your favorite season
of TNG I know you shit on one a lot but
I mean I enjoy watching them all
chronologically favorite season that's
different than favorites it is it is but
I just wanted to say that I love the
binge binging of the whole thing I mean
but you also know me rich I don't
remember things like names of episodes
or when they were where
okay so it all is kind of a mush to me I
do just enjoy the binge of the entire
series is it still on Netflix is the
entire series still on Netflix right for
a while the entire series is on Netflix
that was a great binge that was a that
was a superb binge I think this week so
this week here's a here's my three I
have three plans rich yeah one finish
editing the episode but that's gonna be
tomorrow yeah easy to research computer
for streaming three see Deadpool two I'd
really like to see Deadpool two I'm
actually upset with myself that I
haven't seen just do it jack oh wait oh
and I know I can it's that simple
I got busy last week with editing with
editing the episode and at any time I
could have taken a break from editing
the episode to go see movies but I
decided to add it it's turned out to be
pretty good pretty good episode
pretty thorough pretty you know as
in-depth as we could be for you know I
do want to see upgrade I've heard great
things about upgrade have you heard it
then I know I've seen the trailer I
don't know what that's like that's the
the the schlock action movie where the
guy like gets upgrade to his body and
turns him into a badass action here and
he just murders a bone you know it's
supposed to be super great dumb fun I'm
really excited about upgrade actually
it's like a good best of the worst movie
can I learn her out to me
uh-huh kind of want to see I've heard
really great things about upgrade get
the boil kit Oh oh yeah no is what it is
yeah just throw her on the ground that's
my favorite just dumb
just throw or just pick her up throw her
on the ground you're dead game is way
too dark all right well let's see it
looks okay there to me we can we can go
and try to Jess it this looks like crap
to us it oh it really does anything in
here it looks like absolute garbage on
this TV it just looks like cloudy
I can't even how do you even know where
you are familiar already enough of this
map sure sure
you might need to use the Mayo see some
reason trying to use the controller it
like automatically goes that though yeah
see I was cuz the mouse is here and the
minute I stopped using controller
defaults most of what the mouse was
doing that's that's interesting
sometimes this games a little borked man
least i understand what's going on
that's true
is there a game on there apparently not
whoa yeah that's gonna look great oh my
god that's way too much you now you got
night vision man alright alright alright
look good go to like 2.4 yeah see what
that looks like
how's that let's see that looks terrible
here
what do you mean what's kind of terrible
and exploit ok well it looks like what
everybody else is saying looks horribly
milky oh yeah I wonder if it's an in TV
but are you saying that it should just
be our second monitor I suppose it could
rather than what they're saying yeah you
guys have to let us know what does this
look like cuz this to us looks pretty
decent on our screen but in our little
preview of the stream on the other
monitor it looks like crap yeah
oh you know what I can check on my phone
with that I'm gonna check out my phone
see this is me checking on my phone I
think it looks funny much I think it
looks fine I'm calling it it looks fine
let's see what we got here we got one
but Rex who says hey guys love the
stream and rlm what's your guy's is a
favorite roguelike game FTL binding of
issac easy I'm quite fine of Krim for
the neck word crypt crypt of the
necrodancer yeah that's a good one
that's good
and I also really enjoy FTL but it you
know favorites are favorites and that is
Clos
that is clearly binding of issac for me
it's doing nothing get your shit
together Friday the 13th
that game came out well before we were
doing free right and I like like your -
before we were doing prereq oh yeah and
didn't we include that in it you know
what we're playing right into what we're
playing right now episode we might have
done like a mini thing on it fucked up
the middle one but you know what I'm
gonna be fine with that
okay I actually don't remember all the
games we did for the what we're playing
right now at this very moment episode
which was a huge pain in the ass to make
by the way we thought we thought you
know what would be great we'll do like
four quick games you'd do - I'll do two
we'll just talk about him real quick and
it turned out to be really a pain in the
ass okay so to edit just cuz it was a
lot of editing but smash AJ and Kenny's
heads together before just before they
escaped Oh interesting
I won't be easy no stop any counselor in
their tracks with a stop sign woo smash
any counselors head with a door okay I
mean that's that'll be Z I'm pruning
use a tree to rip off any counselors
arms
alright demon killed both counselors
within two minutes of the mission start
nice pick a Jason while speedy Jason why
was there no pre-record on subnautica
because we didn't play it and I think
that would be really rude for us to do
in an episode on a game we didn't play
all right let's see here
valiant blood shot says hey guys what is
the absolute worst kids movie you have
had to endure I remember having to sit
through so many of the VeggieTales
movies with my nephews that I wanted to
jump off a bridge I was a kid I don't
think there was any I had to endure I
was there's no kid movie I was forced to
watch sure sure no you know what I was
forced to endure when I was a kid yeah
my mother so I was forced to endure
Friday the 13th folks and now you're
forced to endure them as an adult for
your job oh no right what a vicious
cycle you found yourself in well a
valley flush I was talking about his
nephews like and so and I suppose you
know like that that's a thing when you
have children or you know you're you're
you have nieces or nephews or something
like that sometimes like you just have
to sit and watch terrible things with
them what's on Netflix right now
nothing that I have to endure but uh
yeah
Netflix has a biast baby curtain that
that's terrible
I don't have to watch it I can let my
kids just want to buy themselves my kids
recently watched two Nine Lives the
Kevin Spacey is a talking cat movie and
they loved it
and so they keep getting trying to get
me and Lisa to watch that with them and
we keep saying no give me the door kill
give me the stupid game
Oh make them suffer
I'm trying to think of anything else a
you missed cotton and blind yep
no but there's nothing I really have to
endure not at this point which is really
what we did back in the day we watched
when they were when they were young
enough that I needed to sit and watch a
movie with him we watched this awful
movie called fly me to the moon about a
fly who wants to be an astronaut and
holy crap was that garbage and a half
sounds like it was terrible or they
really were into Penghu there was a
Penghu the claymation penguin what
Penghu the claymation penguin and man
that was that was destroying a little
bits of my brain you're saying words I
know these words some of them I don't
know what the fucking penguin is it's
it's a claymation penguin that that is
that will kill you slowly
you could have gone through all of the
counselors before I had any repeats and
that would have been a nice game yeah
and for a while
Sesame Street was really obnoxious where
they gave Elmo like 45 minutes of the
hour that was Sesame Street and that was
really obnoxious because I fucking hate
hell mall
play online this is lame we think Jack I
think I'm gonna feel about your plan
your plan you get to make that call man
make mommy proud Jason you're making
that call man
so I'll leave that up to you I will
absolutely leave that up to you unless
you had any engine you haven't seen the
virtual cabin have you know you know
anything about it no you want to show
Chad shit what do you want on my matches
or do you want to explore the virtual
cabin
I think life is going to win yam cina
and and of course hoe chunks really
wants that injustice to come back
injustice breaks things we can't
injustice break computer three times
injustice broke the computer three times
that's and that's an out a lot of online
play this I don't know I guess we'll
find out now let's see here gobbledy as
soon as gobbledygook says related to
solo when was the last time you watched
oh fuck is this I don't know
it's been it's been ages since I haven't
played this in a long time man
do they ever fix that what the grease
monkey oh I don't know I don't know okay
let's see here
when's the last time you watched woody
Boyd on Cheers you can binge the whole
series there are 11 series rich is older
and might remember how it was a big deal
on TV
did you watch Cheers did you watch woody
Boyd and Cheers
you're gonna man you don't even know
doesn't matter man talk back to people I
don't have a press to talk button I have
my finger on the tee in case we need it
all right I remember it's coming back to
me no I don't think either of us have
played blood-stained curse of the Moon
the Castlevania like any new NES looking
game blood-stained cursive moon it's a
new game out on Steam that looks like
Castlevania nes game oh I'm supposed to
be fun not curse of the wolf
two out of ten
oh you know what actually I think they
did do keyboard remapping that was a
recent addition oh yeah I'm just gonna
be fine like this oh right right I'm
just saying I think I remember seeing
that they they did indeed get keyboard
remapping in the game which is very
exciting you can get blood stained on
the Vita as well change the camera
positioning it looks different right
no battery she seems super right in my
face yeah I agree
you ran away from something wondering
what a car is just a small version of
the map if you guys were put into Friday
the 13th universe how long do you think
you would last as a counselor and how
would you die I'd like to think that I
would last very long because I would run
away and not stop running until I got to
a police station fork in the brain
fortune like but like immediately like
he would be the media I do it myself you
would be the one we found with a fork in
his brain just to kick off the the whole
shebang so much rust rust I have no idea
of what I'm doing anymore
you got the battery that's something
doing it you doing it I just dig a hole
right well that's the thing I'd like I
saw I'd like to think I would last a
decent amount of time just because I
would leave I would leave as soon as
possible just the second something was
weird
I'm gone I ain't signed up for this
I talk to him
say what we got that we got to your keys
they can figure out is it just a
two-seater oh hello gasps all right
let's do this
yep
get there oh nice rich yeah I thought
the fucking gas and the battery in there
you're gonna take my goddamn seat yeah
I'm so good diet oh yeah that's fine
wait oh no you got a savior I got a
savior oh there you go there you go so
you going
Oh God rich
get in get in where are they where are
they they hid them in the ground away
they didn't think you were going back to
the car all right no idea how to get out
on this map great oh that was a damn
good
that was a good teleport as a damn good
teleport all right hey that was all
right oh oh oh that's fun yeah it takes
off your arms and your head that's great
hey hunchback jack hunchback says I'm
liking this stream here's some money
thanks hunchback Jack no not six streams
behind we're two streams behind what we
say we're six streams behind on YouTube
well we're six well you don't want to
paste a watch on Twitch Jack haha you
could have watched all those on Twitch
all the past broadcasts on twitch I've
been busy and Oh Tommy you get to come
back
you get to be Tommy I think what they're
saying is like you were six like a past
you know the screen is still super
fucking dark
it's crazy dark right like I'm gonna I'm
gonna crank it up yeah do it video
settings yeah I'm gonna like yeah do it
yeah it's gonna be milky as hell but
you'll at least be able to see stuff and
that's okay rich yeah we gave up on
single-player got a little repetitive
that's alright
rich busy equals more rlm content
usually rich riches doing some good work
right now he's working on the betterment
of all our alum content right now yeah
he has a very important job
nice
ah what what ah eat you got away rich in
a matter of speaking yes you got away
yeah we're still there we're still
moving
I blame injustice too I still blame
injustice too for this right this no
this is just not our fucking night we're
not having we're not having the best
dream night here it is it frozen it
looks no this is just the worst
frames-per-second that any game has ever
gotten
we're like one frame a minute we're
going at point zero three frames a
second which is approximately one frame
every three minutes yep
so that's what we're dealing with you
know what yeah by the way we were
overdue from some technical difficulties
we we've been going pretty well
with a lack of technical difficulties
recently and and they're all coming how
old is the computer for years but
quality parts all quality parts was not
this was not a low-end computer when I
made it no and if we were not streaming
I bet all of these things would run
buttery smooth all the time yeah yeah
new computer damn basically I'm on it
I just need to edit the episode first
which I you know like I said I have 20
more minutes of editing yeah and so as
soon as that's done I'm computer
shopping and
and then we'll we'll build that and
stream from that and it'll be great so
so what's the plan what are we gonna do
right now what are we gonna do right now
jack
that's a great question wrench that's a
great great question with a couple I
mean we can play some sort of really low
end game bottom of the barrel and hope
that the computer doesn't freak the fuck
out or we can end it right and just say
we're having a shit computer luck
tonight we're having some shit luck I
know we are um I know we are you know I
can I can definitely try to get in a
morning makeup stream how do I tell me
how you guys would feel about this I
have a craft project that I need to do
yeah
how do you guys feel about streaming a
craft project nothing I can do tonight
unfortunately would you like to see Jack
do a craft project I need to make I need
to make a fan oh s--- glove for from a
kid okay and so I got a cheapo cheapo
thanos glove and I can rip all the gems
off of them and then I want to I want to
rip the gems off and then glue cut
magnets and glue magnets so he can he
wants the removable gem so would you
guys like a crafty stream that's
something he would like because it's
just out of macaroni make it a full
Infinity Gauntlet here's the important
question articulating oh yeah can I use
other forms of spaghetti as well you can
use macaroni like a dishrag
you can cut that up and use the fabric
where appropriate but just a dishrag but
could I use spaghetti yes you can't use
spaghetti see then I don't need the
dishrag I'll use the spaghetti as the
lower layer and then you know the next
I'm track that's not gonna be articulate
I don't know how to articulate I'll be
honest with you that'll be tough that'll
be a really tough you get it wet first
right and you get it wet first cook it
out then day yeah are you saying you did
are you so discouraged you want it and
maybe yeah thing computer breaks
breaking rich all right computers have
been breaking all right you tell me how
you feel I can go either way you can
convince me I'm feeling yeah I don't I
don't know what else I I'm in even in
the mood for really I think our computer
needs a rest and I think we can come
back stronger with a new computer I I
was tired when you got here because I
spent my afternoon building shit right
for the betterment of all but it's just
something practical that we do
well then let's uh let's exclamation
points that well first let's get rid of
this if we can if we can I hear you got
the mouse okay and if you can DND
adventure crafting scream did you guys
see the the the photo I shared of the
look good speaking of dandy we can talk
about D&D; for a little bit yeah he's
already into you for a little bit I
share I shared a photo of the adventure
you know because I we were having our
neighbors come over to play yeah and so
we built a final boss this is the
octopus that my ten-year-old built and
that great right like a whole a whole
set for D&D; building so we built that
that octopus has the final boss the the
blacksmith's daughter got kidnapped
yeah right and so they had to go on an
adventure and as it turns out they were
kidnapped by Kyle and Kyle was a surfer
and Kyle was sacrificing the
blacksmith's daughter - to the Lord of
the surf surfer well because you know
the kids and they wanted to put some in
and like you know and so and so you know
like we're we're making we're making the
D&D; game and then the the younger one
comes up with a guy with a surfboard he
says can he be in your game sure why not
of course you know why not for kids and
you want to make sure they're involved
and so Kyle the surfer dude kidnapped
the blacksmith's daughter to sacrifice
her to the Lord of the surf yeah a giant
octopus and they just got there - they
got to the cave where he was sacrificing
her and so now the the octopus has four
tentacles that are attacking and so and
then the head does it like an acid spit
attack uh-huh and so they'll have to
fight all the tentacles and the head and
defeat Kyle to feed the quadruplets well
he has I figured he has four other
tentacles that are just holding him up
okay so you can only attack this far
right and Kyle was gonna attack them
with his surfboard I was gonna just
treat it as a club yeah but actually
they sneakily got it away from him
already
he sneakily got the surfboard away from
him by doing something completely
unexpected there were orcs outside
garden they defeated the orcs and then
the the little neighbor girl said hey
can I take that orc armor cuz you know
they're like they're all Legos and sort
of like that Lego happened to have armor
on I was like good yeah yeah you can
take their armor and she puts it on her
character and she goes now I'm gonna
pretend to be an orc and go in there I
was like yeah and so I had her do a what
do you call it when you're trying to be
when you're trying to convince someone
there's a name for it in in D&D; and it
doesn't matter so I had to do a role
trying to accept her Incept inception
what she was just trying to trick them
it's you trying to guide her though
doing something no no okay no oh yeah a
persuasion role so she had to you know
she had she was pretending to be an orc
to
to meet up with Kyle the the surfer guy
and so I had to do a persuasion role to
see if Kyle would fall for it and she
rolled unnatural 20 I was like Oh Kyle
obviously believed that you were an org
and so then you know like all the rest
of the the group was outside of the cave
and in a sheet you know and this is her
first time playing D&D; and she gets in
there I was like whoa there's my work
friend hopefully you're guarding the
gate and she was like yes I am guarding
the gate and she started doing like an
orc
yes it was great it was it was a great
experience and so she convinced Kyle to
let her inspect the surfboard to make
sure that it was good enough yeah and so
she and then she threw it away and then
that's when the octopus comes out and
then fights out they had to go home so
way to end it there we had ended there
like right yeah well you know we wanted
to end it before the boss fight got
going in the knew exactly where to start
but like already like they were doing
all of this actual role-playing stuff
like they were having conversations with
people in character and and so far my my
new foray into D&D; has been quite a
pleasant experience I've been really
liking it and the kids really liked it
too they can't they can't the younger
ones can't play for too long before they
just need some sort of other
entertainment but we can get a good hour
to but you need to make a character then
for the youngest stuff like disappear
after an hour oh yeah yeah your
character can only play for one hour and
then if they vanish back to their only
be in the material world for so then
they have an excuse yeah but so yeah
we're having we're having a great D&D;
time right now I'm working on writing
the second half of of my campaign with
that I'm doing just with the family the
the when the skeletons pop up yeah and I
want to last time I built a dungeon and
it was pretty combat and puzzle focus
and this time I want to focus just on
kind of like exploring and role-playing
and like almost out of like maybe just
one or two combat things I don't know I
like I think the youngest one won't be
throwing some token easy ones oh of
course
well what I figure is every once in a
while like a skeleton will pop out of
the ground
okay you got to fight him but it'll be
an easy fight you know what if make it
up make it up make it a load chance
right but what if every was it like a
turn but they have turns yeah there's
such and such a chance that a skeleton
will come out of the ground sure rolls
like I'll roll a d20 and if I get a
three yeah
all right if I get like a like a even
number so much yeah yeah I'm with you
all right I like that I like that and
then they know that at any moment there
could be combat yeah yeah but it won't
have that's a really good idea actually
all right I can you know what I could
even have is just like a stopwatch yeah
and it's like every five minutes of real
time even if you're just talking to each
other every five minutes I'm gonna roll
this die and you we might get a skeleton
one before you roll bad then you roll
another dice to see how many skeletons
come out of the ground oh I like it yeah
yeah I like it that's a great idea
that's a great idea
but I want something a little more like
exploration focused like were they were
there not necessarily like jumping into
every battle you know like I talked to
the town's folk find a thing maybe you
know just like explore the world just to
teach them about that side of things cuz
I feel like they're getting a little too
combat focus just like a JRPG I know
that's a dig at me because I don't like
the JRPGs yeah but I'm suggesting this
to entertain his children who do like
the combat yeah fuck's sake for fuck's
sake I'm trying to be fucking nice and
it's and by the way it's a great idea
because like it will help like not only
will it help keep the younger ones like
engaged but it also kind of adds a sense
of urgency like oh we need to find this
in skeletons keep popping up like yeah
that adds to story and theme that's I
think it's a really good idea
so yeah it's like torchbearer every six
turns you roll a chance for an encounter
oh okay well then there you go
apparently this is a thing in dungeons
dragons already but yeah describe was a
common feature of a D&D; I'm not I'm not
sure that's great I don't know these
things
no that's it that's fine I think that's
great we're learning guys we're all
learning and that's the important part
alright can we it's like when I suggest
like a movie idea and I don't know it's
already been done yeah
and the reason for that is because it
was probably a good idea of course
somebody else probably would have
thought of it too because it's just it's
just a good idea did we crash did we
crash no we we are still streaming I
can't right now
injustice 2 has borked the computer so
hard that I cannot control alt delete
rich what ready to see what happens when
I control control oh well now of course
the first two times I control-alt-delete
it I got the other thing gosh dang it
you know what it's fine don't close any
fingers I kind of like that it's just
the background image that's close let's
close out with that in the background
okay okay as long as that's fine with
you oh yeah yeah alright well hold on we
need to because we crashed we have to
explanation point subs apparently I did
not do it hold on
can I not oh I was typing on the laptop
keyboard because I'm very very smart
exclamation point nope I think we have
to do it Jack typo'd cuz I couldn't see
what I was writing because I'm not a
touch typist which we've talked about
before neither of us are not much touch
type and going around on these parts
yeah
is this open URL there whoa whoa whoa so
we we can't even open Chrome so with
Rome is refusing to what's what's
happening I'm gonna you know we're gonna
go to the theaters of the mind here I'm
double-click clicking on the little
chrome icon do i just--that's present
once is that it there we go maybe I was
double clicking on it but you want to
restore so we can get out the fucking we
need to get okay I pasted that works too
I copied it thinking it nope yes this is
the PC that I built on stream yep that
is work pretty damn good for 4 years
until now which and we might have
crashed might have crashed
pasting a link to a website made the
computer crash maybe yeah hold on
I can check I can shake it for history
but we might have cracks
we're still streaming rich we are still
streaming I literally we have no monitor
of functionality both of our monitors
were monitors are dead our pitch-black
we only know we're streaming because
Jack is watching us on his cellular
phone oh this is such an injustice
this is did you get end we've got to hit
it end what's happening did you hit an
end oh god I don't even know the end of
the end I don't know no I don't think so
okay we're streaming we're still
straight none of my buttons work but
we're still streaming I don't know yes
we are still streaming there we are
still streaming is our image freezing
are we moving yes yeah we're moving I
hold on I'm gonna get the names on my
phone I guess we're just streaming
forever now unplug the computer okay so
now is the point of this ridiculous
stream in which we