Episode 114
Jack Likes The Witcher 3 (pt. 3)
June 21, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phYB8NXTRJ4
_______________________________________

let's put some nikrif a jewel on the
sword loot the corpses
the universe is old relatively speaking
the universe is young time since the Big
Bang as compared to how long it's gonna
take for heat death to set in the
universe is very young I'll give that to
you suppose I'll give that to you okay
yeah I mean like even though like you
know the heat death of the universe is
kind of an unknown and theoretical yeah
oh wow it rich all right all right okay
say I
okay I'll say it I'll say before the big
fight this is a little safe scummy but
I'll allow it
I am the saves go
actually you know what let's do this
let's let's do it let's do a little bit
of reading because I have these points
in which I can you know upgrade my
character
okay well I suppose I could do this
right get a skilled called gourmet in
the miscellaneous skills
it makes food regenerated health for 20
in real life minutes it's like free
health regen because you find food
everywhere each management SteadyShot
why not where's the line between save
scumming and smart saving that's that's
the question my cold is gone the sinus
congestion remains sure sure
alright it's save scumming here's here's
how i would would put it when failure is
an option and the game will go on with
some kind of consequences for your
failure yeah if you reload before that
it's it's save scumming if if the
failure is a game over state like I died
then it's not safes coming mm-hmm I
don't see why XCOM you lose a soldier
right you lose a soldier that you liked
yeah you can keep playing the game you
just you lost that soldier it sucks but
you can keep playing the game without
that soldier that's the consequence for
your failure as a commander yeah okay
you know yeah if you go back in time I
don't let the guy die I'm gonna go back
reload the save you didn't die now
that's save scumming that's the same sky
like and yeah so like I'm not saves
coming here basically all I'm doing is
saving time if that guy I'm just closer
to where I died so yeah you're right
this isn't saves coming but it kind of
feels like it is
trance mikesh rehab defense the game
allows that house it's come well just
because the game allows it doesn't mean
it isn't scummy and sheep and doesn't
mean you shouldn't feel ashamed right
guys I don't see one called gourmet I'm
gonna be honest with ya but general
metabolism one but I already have those
who doesn't save scum XCOM competent
players yeah that's actually a good one
metabolic control less toxicity levels
that's good I'm gonna say that's okay
great all right my armor works better my
signs work a little bit better all right
let's do this you know what let's save
now that I've done all that stuff or
else I'm gonna have to do it again and
so yeah this isn't save scumming this is
just saving time yep I haven't done Iron
Man hardest difficulty but I've done
Iron Man almost the hardest difficulty
for XCOM mm-hmm both game they're both
of the reboot games you can equip
another skill you missed it well Jack
your skills need to be active otherwise
the ocean well fuck it
how about that it'll be fine
I like that he's missing his guts
not save scumming XCOM to makes the game
more intense and gives it additional
meeting I would read that it feels like
more of an accomplishment then when you
save scumming X comments sure
play how you want not like there's
anyone there to judge you
yeah we're talking about a single-player
game so that is that is an accurate
statement my my being a jackass aside
safes come all you want the
single-player game right mm-hmm
that's true that's true Perry Oh have I
completely forgotten about Perry's I
might have
I'm absolutely might have remember
people it's been months months since
I've played this game there is a whole
Perry thing there's a whole Perry thing
fine it's gonna be fine you know what
we're gonna be fine hello let me go back
into my character look at apparently I
need to like equipped things they kind
of are equipped over here I don't I just
I don't know and neither do I'm neither
do i oh I have to oh yeah I have to
activate them over here I kind of like
these I think
oh yeah yeah yeah that's a good one
wait what's eat me oh that's the Meltz
armrest good plan it will let you hit
them when they are invisible you have an
open slot you've got one free space my
empty slot on the bottom are you talking
about
oh yeah like that I do have an empty
slot the gourmet perk was added on the
blood and wine expansion Jack must be
playing without it for some reason I
have one expansion I don't know which
expansion I have and you are right I do
have a perk here let's see here each
piece of light armor increases critical
hit damage by 25%
do I have am I wearing light armor how
do I know if my armor is light medium
armor medium armor medium armor light
armor I have one piece of light armor
so we don't want that one great good to
come on good to know the person saying
they save scum and XCOM to to undo miss
shots how does how does that work I have
heard that the way X come is made if you
reload to save the the roles the game
did ahead of time for hit chance they're
all intact so you'll miss the same shot
supposedly okay if that is that true
though you know
that's the question wrenches XCOM - you
can move differently and the shot will
change huh ah okay
second wave option that that makes sense
okay great
okay let's try this again which which is
the best
XCOM on GOG enemy unknown as I don't
think X come to the reboot XCOM 2 is on
GOG at this point if it is I'm going to
download it buy it immediately
fuck I use my magic
fuck you
now I died I'm not even gonna bother I'm
not even gonna bother right I died okay
we'll come back we'll come back because
I forgot to do all the things I used the
wrong I used the wrong magic at the
wrong time sorry what made you guys pick
witcher 3 for tonight i was playing it
earlier and rich didn't have rich didn't
really want to play anything so i said
hey let's play with your three and rich
said okay yeah that's literally it
there's there's no rhyme or reason to
what we play often it's just what we
feel like playing okay so character
XCOM from 1995 like that game has its it
it's its charms and in some ways the the
strategic portion has more depth i I
think the best
XCOM is the most recent one you can find
on GOG because they don't have X counted
ex-cons who was there I'd say that's a
better game but enemy Unknown is the
best one available on GOG and they're
both they're both fine
I put oil on how to put necrophagous
okay great
so now we're gonna save again to isn't
on GOG I know that which is why I'm
saying enemy Unknown is the best one you
could buy on GOG I can only assume it
will be in a few years I hope so I mean
if one came there maybe we can only
assume that the other well then I can
get both games free and free free of
free of steam when a shield when when
Gabe dies I'll be prepared because I'm a
videogame prepper yes yes yeah
rich hates team rich has David I know
people is just trying to flame the
gotcha debate gotcha
rich has legitimate concerns with steam
Wow my afraid gog will be bought by
steam won't really matter because the
games I've bought on GOG I will
downloaded the backup copies of and I
won't have to worry what the hell they
decide to do with GOG in the future
oh I thought I had it like juji galaxies
great but don't overlook there's a
little option in their menus to download
an actual backup yeah of the game but
you can install it whenever separate
from GOG I always want to have that file
saved somewhere yeah yeah yeah no get
yourself a look a couple because you
know it's not just enough to have one
hard drive to have a true backup system
you need two separate hard drives
you know duplicated on two separate hard
drives yeah and then you're good to go
we're gonna give this something we're
gonna give this one more chance and then
we're gonna move on because I just might
not be mentally prepared to deal with
okay
David I know people you've been trying
to push my buttons all day yep alright
that's fair
unless there's a fire where you keep
both hard drives right so you need it on
two separate hard drive okay okay if you
want two backups yeah it doesn't make
any sense to keep them in the exact same
place that defeats the purpose of having
two backups
well you're not having two backups
you're having a backup okay you have
because like a backup is a separate copy
somewhere else right and so you have
your regular hard drive in which you
play your games and then you have your
second hard drive with your backup so
you need two hard drives and yeah if you
want to get crazy with it yeah get a
fireproof filing cabinet or safe and put
it to put your hard drive in there
that's getting crazy though all right
you know what Swamp Thing we're not
gonna deal with you right now I will
deal with you later I'll come back
I'm leaving XCOM UFO defense has a lot
of mechanics that I miss in the new
ex-con games soldiers would move an act
using action points which would vary
from character to character based on
stats you could sometimes shoot multiple
times and around or throw two grenades
move really far as long as you can make
the points work but yeah the base
mechanics were a little obtuse see when
I first heard about the new X come I was
worried that they got rid of the action
points cuz I know III don't know I
couldn't wrap my head I think it's
simplifying it they're making it dumb
yeah it it's a lot less micromanage II
the way they do it now I at the time I
was horrified that they were giving up
the time unit mechanic from the original
X come in hindsight I don't see myself
going back the the the reboot X come has
has made a turn-based game that yet has
a very quick pacing to it because they
got rid of those time units well there
you go
I don't know where you want to say the
line is between streamlining and
simplifying I don't think they crossed
it down
isn't it to say it wouldn't those be
synonymous anyway streamlining and
simplifying those are fairly synonymous
terms one's got positive connotations to
it and the other negative hmmm
okay well there you go there you go so
the question is how much simplification
is too much
when is it oversimplified two shakes I
like that I like that craft new Armour
you're still wearing your intro gear I
know but I like how it looks isn't there
a way I can just upgrade my armor just
like get it upgraded I had new armor at
one point oh you know where it is I
think it's in the bloody Barons house I
got a I have a chest in the bloody
barons house and it's hanging out over
there the urge could you please tell
Jack he needs to a better Armour and not
the starter Armour that he's wearing
Jack I like the way this looks yeah and
I thought I remembered that there was a
way to upgrade this armor there's an
armor shop in town here I got to
remember where it was the starting armor
can only be upgraded once other Witcher
armors can be upgraded three or four
times to find some cool looking
how many people's lives have you saved
from Brooks a delicious ask you a
question
yeah dick she's talking about XCOM and
simplification right yeah the original X
come you could say it had more depth you
know you have this base building and X
come you had your base yeah yeah
in the original X come you could open up
a different base on other side of the
globe and upgrade that base you can have
20 bases really yeah that's neat oh no
the problem with that huh late-game
you've got 20 bases you have to manage
yeah
there's there's less you know there's
more depth there yeah but it really
really slows down the game uh and with
you not 20 but plenty all right well I
might be exaggerating watch rich you're
exaggerating never mind I can't trust
the thing you're saying I get you I get
what you're saying though there's a
there's a stash house and a
blacksmithing and 20 possible base
invasions yes that would get obnoxious
too because another thing that X come
the original did that was need was the
aliens could find your base and they
would start trying to invade it like
repeatedly if you fought them off they
wouldn't stop and imagine that going on
with 20 bases oh man or 15 or whatever
the max number was yeah yeah see like I
have better armor here but I think it's
super lame
that's a good ax though oh I already
have an axe plus 42 why don't I have
that equipped rich no no no no don't
fucking know I don't know either I think
I have better shit yeah I got up I got
to do some I got to do some thinker in
here I got to do some straight-up
tinkering do the quest to discover the
other witcher armors they are all pretty
cool okay well yeah I'll do that
give me a moment I don't know this I
also have better swords yeah X cool all
right
oh wait in here I'm in a stash house I
might as well stash some stuff that I
ain't using stash you stash you care
about you - you great
captain president says hey rich and XCOM
- I had an assault jumped down from a
rough and kill a guy on overwatch with a
sword after the guy died he hit me with
a reaction shot fucks orbs am i right
anyway what weird things have you
encountered and XCOM one or two I'll top
my head I think somewhere I got it I
think I took a screenshot of it - it's
probably on my Steam something or other
oh I had like two groups of enemies and
XCOM - like all converged in the same
area on top of a semi and it was really
freaking weird yeah that would be great
by the way it was very convenient too
because I guess I was just out of their
line of sight so they didn't scatter
mm-hmm they're all on top of the semi
together so I just had a heavy lava
grenade there and you know what I got
the damage for from the grenade and the
damage from the truck blowing up yeah it
was kind of devastating that's great
we can go yeah
over here is a blacksmith let's see what
the blacksmith's got I got some coin
missing a 99% shotgun shot at
point-blank range no that's just 99%
isn't that a hundred that's how you got
to think an X come you can't you can't
get upset when you missed that that shot
that isn't 100% hmm well it wasn't a
hundred percent shot you're gonna miss
occasionally you're gonna miss some 99
percent shot one out of a hundred times
and it's gonna feel bad yeah it's it's
not weird it just it happens it's still
weird
it's just happens you must be you just
have to get converted at the bank and
the percentage isn't entirely accurate
either it does some behind the scenes
handicaps depending upon difficulty yeah
but I believe the handicaps always make
it easier than what's listed rather than
harder so if you're playing on Oh were
you talking to me because I completely
was not paying attention okay great
when you're playing X come on normal and
you've got an 80% chance to hit you
might actually have a 90 so that that
human statistic is always actually
helping you
quite a collection premium quality -
thank you I've kept these as mementos
damn shame you don't make them anymore
I'd gladly replace what I have with this
kind of Steel someone with your skills
why the hell are you eating dough this
might surprise you the pay is better but
above all it's much safer food vendors
rarely disappear or end up as cripples I
see someone controlling novigrad
smithing market not officially though
all supplies who ever island - a quest
and they say he plays cards with cleaver
frequently Ernst Van Horn who's that
modest beginnings exchange set of bank
ah fuck man
other methods that's a little too deep
whenever the competition was a plowing
non-human he'd accused them of being
have a cars is that how he did you in I
did not give up without a fight I went
to Town Hall negotiated it was all in
vain he'd already enlisted cleavers
protection and in novigrad few dare
getting cleavers way tried negotiating
making a deal with Van Horn do you
justice he's a proper heartless bastard
either play by his rules and pay him or
go out of business
but I shan't complain dumplings have
proven an excellent source of income
it's just well you miss the heat of the
forge tried getting supplies from
someone else those rogues of the
underworld control that swordsmith in a
game but you have to do his quest to use
the services I would assume there's
there's a lot of story here I assume
there's a quest involved want me to help
you get you supplies just as my
bodyguard it'll bolster my confidence
truth be told not so long ago I tried
negotiating some iron deliveries with
one of the king of beggar's right King
wouldn't worry about an embargo cleaver
imposed it's justice he demanded an
inordinately large share of the profits
I thought you might help me negotiate I
don't mean gratis I'm certain we can
agree on a fee could I choose something
from your collection issue forget this
rubbish
I shall forge you a sword fit for
killing gods yeah
criminal underworld here meddle with
them I badly need your help Van Horn is
a fan horses must be taught a lesson I'd
be eternally grateful plate Armour yours
or perhaps you'd like your catapult or a
trebuchet fine arrange the meeting
splendid meet me after dark near the
crane at the docks
alright nice of swar of swords and
dumplings gobbling access table cocks
what are your opinions on pastrami
always hot or sometimes cold bread
condiments rich I know you're not a
mustard fan but how can you enjoy
pastrami without some type of mustard
pickles taste almost the same as bright
yellow mustard I disagree with that last
statement but honestly I'm not super big
on pickles either
I don't despise them like it is by as
mustard I mean I love pickles I'm a big
believer in the powers of pickles yeah
the great pastrami is great I enjoy
mustard hot pastrami sandwich is
wonderful do you go to you go to a nice
deli get a big ol pastrami sandwich and
that's a good time is had by all I don't
have strong pastrami opinions and that's
about it for me I like it I like to eat
it
what else you want man we what am i
doing over here what am I even doing
here find the dreamer in the old house
that's what I'm doing okay
just passing by wanderer or do you seek
something specific who's asking
Rudolph DeYoung here of those two your
gears yes
my ancestors laid the foundations of the
city I now own its largest didn't need a
recommendation name would have been
enough father always said to know you're
married son I'm looking for Corrine
Tilly
you've come to the right place demouth
Karina is inside we'd never a few days
dreaming
why do you need to know the houses
history you historian run away I bought
this property a short while ago paid a
pretty penny I like that
soon after I witnessed disturbances oh
they will haunt a house maybe get to
kill some ghosts yep it's gonna be great
last week
well you can't believe it
I'd like to go inside look around I
don't usually let strangers want me to
run my home twin swords though
every every food has a there's there's
very few foods that I would consider
just gross out right yep I've only had
oysters once and that was a really gross
experience just text or a wise it was
that it was like a hot booger covered in
butter so I think that outright I'll
never ever eat again but you know just
to dismiss obviously you're you have
allergies so you have a whole different
situation but just to dismiss a whole
food outright it causes me to be
cautious about just shoving whatever in
my mouth of course yeah
what's in this what is this yeah
stealing all his stuff steal and all his
stuff Oleg says no I'm making a game
which is basically FTL Plus XCOM do you
think this hybrid is interesting world
map is FTL like but instead of ship
battles you have squad battles yeah how
could be I didn't see it man I'd have to
see it and play it
key jack is totally into this I've never
seen this Jack gives a shit about the
story stuff going on and again it really
really gives you shit it's bizarre it's
an interesting world it's full of
monsters I'm a monster hunter what's not
to like you're a monster hunter but Jack
it's not full of pretentious bullshit
yeah weird I know
okay all right time to check the Attic
see DPR make good fucking games Richard
I'm not saying they don't I'm saying
this is like anthem this is the what I'm
looking for and opposite to everything I
know about it okay
yes no and and that's the thing you know
I I I normally do not like this kind of
stuff because usually I find the story
to be at odds with the game you know
like you got to stop playing the game to
do the story bits but here NF Emma thank
you and if Emma just reading one of the
chants saying that sounds right what I
was thinking oh I've never heard I've
never heard the term and anathema a lot
of times I'll see things in print and
not hear them spoken aloud just cuz
you've read it yeah that's okay that's
nothing to be ashamed of
that just means you've read anybody go
on go on well you know I guess what I
was saying is here I find the story in
the gameplay to be interwoven so well
that I'm into the story and you know
like knowing that paying attention to
how what someone says about a creature
might mean that I know how to defeat it
or might lead me to more quests and more
gold it all works so well hand-in-hand
that uh whoa that did that I'm into it
this is never this is never I never
would have thought that this is a game
that I would have gotten into just cuz I
knew it was so story having yeah oh
hello
you too
hello diamond dust and a FEMA okay like
I said I don't think I've heard of
pronounce oh I've seen it in print
before yeah so much fucking loot nope
well just fuck off
wrong so wrong and Nath Emma doing great
rich and it's emo
perfect
go compute use use thank you
okay
that more stuff to loot yes move it take
it all take all the things this guy's
gonna be so pissed at me Oh Jack well
this game work for you as much as it
does if it didn't have much of a story
that's a good question I'm gonna say no
but I'm not playing it I'm not actually
experiencing it well cuz you know like
the other part of his pacing right and
and here's the thing you know combat
combat is interesting but combat isn't
as in-depth as something like you know
like if thinking about like a
blood-borne right yeah blood-borne it
has has beautiful combat I could just
fight all day and not worry about that
this combat isn't I mean it's nice but
it's not that blood-borne II right yeah
and so then you have to think about
pacing and if you're just whacking at
enemies all day that's not the same
thing
see this is it's the opposite of what
Naughty Dog does but I think this kind
of storytelling works when you actually
feel like what you say and do has weight
in the world and effects things unlike a
naughty dog game where you know you're
just playing out the guys story that he
wrote right right you have to pretend
like you're choosing to do things oh
sure yeah and so if if it didn't have if
it didn't have the story I would
probably the the combat would probably
get old very fast but that being said
the monster design is very good this is
something I would describe as being
immersive and this is why I think
Naughty Dog is the opposite of immersive
love that what's so wrong with a linear
story if it's good nothing if the game
plays good which once again Naughty Dog
has no interest in doing that it's very
true but absolutely nothing absolutely
nothing is wrong with a linear story
that's true if your gameplay is good oh
you can get away with a lot if your
gameplay is good so oh my god I'm just
taking all the things I should really I
should really look at what I just picked
up I know I should give this a go
I kind of want to force myself to play
through the first one as stupid as that
may be
it wants it wants me to put the doll in
the crib is what I'm assuming I'm gonna
find it there's gonna be a crib
somewhere rag doll oh come on I figured
that out myself you didn't need to tell
me that girls that's something like
Somis story carried it no because he I I
like so much story but I really much
would have I would have rather dit were
a book that's oh that would've been a
great book Netflix original I didn't
like it as a game because there was no
game play tedious walking yeah over
there oh man as a game it was a slog I
think we both agreed though like this
story was rather interest very
interesting it's too bad that they
buried it in a boring game right
I want to note that I figured out this
before a girl told me put the crib put
the doll in the cradle okay yeah but
some of us atmospheric though isn't that
worth anything if it's a movie yes I'm
sorry what was that but some was
atmospheric doesn't that mean anything
isn't that worth anything no it's a game
so know if if okay well I don't know it
might make a good game more interesting
yes if if the gameplay is still shit its
story and atmosphere can be 10 out of 10
the gameplay is still shit that's that's
like that's like saying that's like
saying like listen I know my entire
feature film was out of focus but wasn't
it a good story rich don't you think
it's a really good story yeah and no
matter how good your story is if the
foot if the film is out of focus it
won't be good
no atmosphere informs the gameplay
that's great
horror games can use atmosphere to make
you screw up thing is I gotta talk to
the dreamer I love and I guess like
that's the other part about this game
that I love is you know you know me I
like monsters and creatures uh-huh and
you look like badass girl just like oh
you little crazy elf demon lady give it
a nightmares but come on I got to work
if it looks like one and that's like one
trust me you are gobbling you give the
dreamer nightmares and won't let her
wake up why are you tormenting her
why do you live in a haunted house happy
Father's Day gave the bank a really big
scare see he paid a lot for this house
and won't give it up easily which is why
you need to find another home we're
gonna make a deal sarah Novogratz no
place for a goblin but if you want to
live here that's your business
so let's make a deal
leave the dreamer alone in exchange I'll
tell the banker the house is haunted for
good no way to lift the curse what if he
doesn't believe you I'm a Witcher he'll
believe me yes
yeah I don't care about this bankers
house let's go talk to that lady that's
great that's great okay
that's adorable just adorable
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo it up hey lady why
do I have to talk to you I wonder what
quest I started ages ago Meyer which
says rich Jack yeah what are your
thoughts on the Disgaea series the one D
is GAE a I've been playing a lot of the
dis yeah violence which recently and
really enjoying a GSG AEA is what they
have written yes the other next day I've
written D is AG EA Sydney I think it's
Dissidia I've never played as this thing
obviously I'm extremely familiar with
this series and have lots of intriguing
thoughts on it is that the new JRPG that
I love it might be in my business
alright see you there
this thought oh god oh god this guy on
disco the fuck am I supposed to get that
out of those letters deciduous trees
roots what do you think of deciduous
trees which one oh and they are the ones
that have the broad leaves are they like
the pine cone ones I think they've the
pine cones deciduous fine are those
evergreens deciduous I think yeah yeah
weii if they're the ones with the client
with the needles then yes I believe
that's a deciduous tree those are kind
of first to be fair I don't know I just
don't know oh yeah oh yeah especially
now that I know I'm telling this banker
to go home equals coniferous there you
go pine trees are coniferous Jack are
coniferous okay so what so is a
deciduous a changing color tree I don't
think so okay yes they lose their leaves
in the winter so yes I'm absolutely okay
well they're prettier knowing this ah
you're prettier than the conifers you
know they all work together they all
work together all right thanks I like it
I stole everything that wasn't nailed to
the floor in this bankers house and I
didn't do any work and he's still gonna
pay me it's gonna be great
fuck you banker I saw this creep leave
but she refused to speak to me is the
matter resolved
a bit of both a demon had captured
Karine I managed to free her but the
house is still a little more volume into
the game I'll do that yeah pretty
alright apparently we should refuse to
talk about it
nobody should inhabit the place so many
crowns I paid well don't put me in the
pores
sorry cuz the other computer jack is
giving me a trackball to work with it's
what I had that's fuckin trackball it's
I it's the at my house I you know I have
a slew of random computer equipment and
cables and I needed a mouse to use and I
I had a trackball Mouse lying around for
some reason I don't even know why I had
a tract home house to be honest with you
but I had one laying around and that's
what I got I got a track box mount
trackball Mouse and actually my old
Apple keyboard yeah my old wired Apple
key with people that's fine it's just a
keyboard though it has an incredibly
short cave hole and we get to a store to
sell all that shit that I stole the
super comfy to use well maybe maybe if
you're used to it let's take a lot of
getting used to for maybe can I can I
sell you shit
No all right I'm fine can I sell you
shit yeah yeah I think I got it you know
like I was I was really worried about uh
you know the everyone worries about like
repetitive stress syndrome yeah but not
with a lot of mouth usage and so I got
it before I got a nice track trackpad
what have you got there I'm gonna sell
you my shit play the entire Virtual Boy
library no stopping until you beat
everything no don't think I'll be doing
that thank you for the suggestion we're
good okay
okay all of you butter knife nice if if
you're comfortable with a trackball I'm
just curious how do that how does a
trackball work for a shooter I've heard
and I've heard of people that do that
yeah yeah I have definitely heard of
people who use stuff like that for
shooters or make it hard to click left
and right when your palms over hearing
you want to do the click the show no I
think you use your fingers just well
then you constantly taking your fingers
no because well because the way that one
works is you use your finger and strap
off thumb for one pinky for the other
okay
theoretically it could work I don't know
like magic doll
dolls
great ads a terrible torture devices of
last resort trackpad touch pads yes I
disagree
I I have a nice big trackpad that I use
at home and using multiple fingers for
gestures makes it so easy you know swipe
pages do this do that pinch to zoom all
sorts of stuff you get a good trackpad
you'll never want to use a mouse again I
play much realtime strategy
I am absolutely terrible at realtime
strategy I can't handle the multitasking
very well
it's the reason I have played through
homeworld once rather than 20 times sure
I get I get too stressed out playing
real-time strategy game yeah I think
it's fair okay
one quest at a time all right okay
Jack they used to make a keyboard that
was a huge trap egg Apple bought the
technology for their iPads and killed
the product my previous oh I would hate
that I would hate like I hate typing on
the on the like on a iPad
that's gross strumpet
look rich it's a strumpet that's cure
strumpet
so I could see why like you wouldn't
want that kind of technology that whole
like you know type on a flat surface and
with like virtual keys but a giant
trackpad is fantastic especially for
stuff like when I'm editing actually I
miss that a lot cuz I do most of my
editing on the PC now which I just use a
mouse for but like transitioning through
stuff and pinching to zoom on the
trackpad made editing significantly
faster yeah only after watching you guys
eat three videos I realized rich hates
anime or is there any you actually like
there's generally I don't like anime but
there's there's been exceptions here and
there sure I can really appreciate the
animation in a Kiro
she as a story I think the flaw and
Akira is that I think what's-his-face
though the biker guy is just an unlikely
prick and he ends up being the hero
that's a big negative and Akira from
babe
I like the zone of the enders games
those are very much anime influenced and
I love those games I like very
specifically the first three or four
episodes of Trigon and then anime
bullshit creeps in right that was that
was like a old man waits he got to the
end of that it was it turned into the
dumbest conclusion yeah
Karen liked it so I ended up watching
the whole thing yeah it's super down
yeah but like you said that that whole
premise of like the big goof who's the
hero accidentally is great those first
couple episodes of try gonna great I
know I'd probably like Cowboy Bebop
oh I should probably give Cowboy Bebop a
try so fuckin yeah like the hype is real
everyone says like Cowboy Bebop the best
and it really is it's so cool it's so
great but you talk about something like
like Dragon Ball Z I don't give a flying
fuck yeah I can see them i watch
actually watch Dragon Ball Z forbid just
I've like shocked what is what is it why
are they floating what why who I I was I
forget where I was where I was in some
kind of waiting room somewhere it might
have been a like a dentist's office I
don't know what but it's back when
Dragon Ball Z was on two episodes in a
row on Cartoon Network okay odd sure and
Goku and some other dude were just like
staring at each other for like 30
minutes yes
and then like okay and then the next
episode came on I wonder what's gonna
happen and then they stared at each
other for 20 minutes
season one it was no one's saying I just
tuned in every on now and then just out
of confusion like what the fuck is this
so I briefly watched Dragon Ball Z just
out of confusion and shot out of sheer
shock the audacity of it yeah yeah I
could see that no there's some good one
you know like even I'll I don't I don't
think it's the it's the greatest but I
think there's a lot of fun stuff in one
punch man that's a more recent one yeah
one punch man has some fun stuff I I
think it gets a little not pretend maybe
pretentious is the word I'm looking for
a little it rides that line between like
its mocking anime and it thinks that
it's better than anime and it kind of
has an attitude about it but it's good
also like something that's more
interesting than good but still kind of
good is um
attack on Titan okay mostly because I
like creepy monsters and the Titans in
that you know they're like these giant
malformed humans that like run naked
through towns and destroy cities really
creepy yeah the Titans and III sorry I
dig attack on Titan oh wow that's a good
one so there's so there's there is some
good stuff out there there is some good
stuff works
between the object I'm to dream about I
asked question remember remember yes
remember the attack on Titans it's
that's a very different anime about
football players but but I do I love the
giant creepy Titans and you know the
whole thing is there's a Titan fighting
force and they're basically like mecha
spider-man's with giant swords where
they have to like grapple hook around
the Titans really cool action but there
is also a ton of weirdo anime bullshit
in there so which I'm okay with I just
missed a whole bunch
tell me a memory what for
do as I ask please I need the strongest
most complete memory you have Siri the
woman's name is Siri
Syria was orphaned during the second war
with nilfgaard I had no idea what to do
with a young girl so I did what I would
have done with a boy and took her to
care more in figured some physical
training sword work development of her
stamina couldn't hurt
I remember her standing on a crumbling
wall a stone came loose she lost her
footing caught her at the last possible
instant strongest memory though is if
her coming out of her room one day
wearing a dress and claiming she was
indisposed this is a Father's Day
stranger he was maturing what we're
talking about we we're acting as a
father figure to Syria
no let's continue
you claim the woman has one punch man is
good I light like one punch man is good
like I said though it I want to say
there that there was one episode in
particular that really rubbed me the
wrong way and it was about like it was
the the episode was something about like
fans not appreciating asset uma for
being a hero it was like it ride that
line of this whole like I'm better than
this but I'm still doing it yeah it just
rubbed me the wrong way but overall I
think one punch man is really fun a lot
of it is really just poking fun at anime
tropes them I think it's what I think
it's worth pace 187 if one asked when
you guys appear as extras in a cab
ocinski film if yest everyone tweeted
lens so we can make that shit happen I
believe Len knows how to get a hold of
us I don't think that's a problem Len
let me know of course but I don't think
I don't think he'll have trouble getting
a hold of us don't worry he knows a
number yeah
they call her the Lady of space and time
yeah I do they called Siri the Lady of
space and time once I asked unit for why
she travels between the worlds turns out
I don't know how to talk about it didn't
really understand much of what Yin told
me I just know there's more to it than
traveling to different places and that
Siri carries immense power in our blood
I see do you wish to say no yeah there's
something else
she's a child of the elder blood it
descends into bloody honker the rebel
burned at the stake the prophecies
claimed the world's destroyer will be
born at the Heaven's Gate
well I was wiggling my fourth legend and
my toes were getting when it gains
believers I think you're right to be
reticent I'm talking about the moment
which anime is flcl what's that foul
supposedly I'd really hate it
FLCL rich would hate hole lager crying
full lager Kent Lane yes oh it's all
about cats who are lagers and then they
drive the logs places it's terrible
let's continue please make yourself
comfortable
I'm trying to realize the romantic
series meant for people who already love
anime yeah I'd probably despise him if
Siri couldn't find me I'm sure she
would've looked for another friend
yennefer wasn't in novigrad Tris was it
Siri never found her maybe dandelion
they liked each other a lot
whoa
what's that it cuts a black for a second
I don't know what's happening
all right
I'm gonna swallow it first after that
just nightmares at times the dreams can
multiply show the past as well as the
future revs whoo Lent i watch the
experience I'm not caught up yet and I'm
a few episodes behind on this season but
I watch and love the expanse I think
it's a fantastic show I know a lot of
people complain and even I've complained
that the the characters are kind of
one-dimensional I knocked over the
clicker the characters are kind of
adventure tropes you know like the hero
guy the hard-boiled detective the
soldier the science lady the pilot the
characters are kind of bland but that
being said one of the fantastic a
hard-boiled sci-fi and and an amazing
story just every episode keeps you
engaged it's constantly moving and and
it's it's such a fascinating tale that
you just want to know more at every turn
it's great it's great and I know rich
has said now that Beezus is involved and
he's almost fully assured that the show
will not be canceled you might start
watching it yes I'm probably gonna start
watching these bands that you
recommended lost in space plus you get
around him lost in space is great I know
like a lot Lawson's made space though
you have to be prepared for a slightly
more schmaltz and you know what we're
talking about anime earlier yeah I'm
kind of curious about the Netflix
Voltron just to give it a peek
oh that's looks right of Voltron I
remember Voltron when I was a kid sure
and then it likes it a full Tron reboot
that's where they all have cats and they
come together for a robot yes yes I
might hate it but I'm just curious cuz I
remember I remember when I was a kid
yeah Ultron was a thing briefly well
okay yeah I don't know much about
Voltron but ya know lost in space I
think is is really good it's uh like I
said a little schmaltzy but I think I
think it's beautiful
another another one that gets sci-fi
right you know like they're on another
planet they
have like science problems and they use
science to fix their problems then they
explained the science they're using to
fix that Friday oh man it's great it
reminds me a lot of next gen episodes
well if we do this with the flux
capacitor if we light three matches
under it it will create a combustion
thing which will solve our pasture was
Back to the Future I know that rich that
was the joke latchkey kid says rich you
should try anime the anime my action
academia I've been reviewing it on a
podcast with a guy who dislikes anime
but loves comics it understands
superheroes perfectly and what makes the
bold inspiring and entertaining and it's
very Americanized okay dicks Ritchie
says hey Jack and I guess rich to the
always joy the streams is there any film
in recent memory that you have fanboy
over fury road
as I said despite the faults you enjoyed
thoroughly the movie as a guilty
pleasure because you enjoyed the source
material all of them no fury road has no
faults
but no hey rich yeah
fury road has no faults yeah you're
correct yeah I was just going through
the movie real quick like oh no
there-there is that I didn't I didn't
even have to think about it I just I I'm
just double-checking here and that's a
fair thing to do do not blame you know
if your roads a perfect movie here right
all right moving on
gahafer quarter says hello guys your
streams are a highlight of my week
do you have any plans to watch a review
Travolta's gotti apparently it is the
worst mob movie ever made
oh yeah it's it's one of only like a
handful of movies that has a straight-up
zero on Rotten Tomatoes Wow
yeah wow it's like Travolta and Josh GAD
or something yeah in a John Gotti movie
and it's yes I've heard awful awful
things
last time Travolta was in a good movie
he had a little comeback his career
started hot yeah then it went ice
fucking cold yep and then he got big
again thanks to Jane Tarantino of course
made a slew of decent movies and he was
really cool in the early 90s yeah then
got into the got into the Scientology
but I'm sure he made a goodness I mean
he was into the Scientology before oh
and I meant specifically Battlefield
Earth oh yeah yeah but when it when he
put all of his cards on the table was
there an up face after that was there
another pink IMDB it right face off that
was I think that was during the Quinton
T know at the Tarantino travolta revival
yes I don't think that was after
Battlefield Earth most known for
Battlefield Earth all right all
filmography go but did he rise that he
ever rise from the Battlefield Earth a
sir dashes or has it been blue since I'm
just I'm just curious
uh-oh and I'm looking at it and we don't
get a lot of good ones Oh get shorty Oh
God when was get short he's more than
one movie involved with him in good
movies there's just this on a revival
that's just a lucky shot
oh and you know what that was before
battle
doesn't count
wait what was get shorty yes that was
well before Battlefield Earth that does
not count
you know what was before pulp fiction I
don't know if this counts but look who's
talking it's Maltz but it's I yeah he
wasn't the star the fucking baby was
that was a Bruce Willis vehicle that
John Travolta happened to be a and it's
only noticeable because oh yeah John
Travolta he was a thing you know what
even looking at his upswing it wasn't
great but by you know some interesting
movies okay so post Battlefield Earth
but that because that was that was
clearly a low point then we got
swordfish goof he was in The Punisher
movie nope nope nope yeah no okay he's
been just down since then alright and
you know low-level movies nothing
nothing that has a hairspray in the chat
the hairspray remake I don't know if
that counts as a I don't I don't know if
we can count that as like a good movie I
don't know if one movie is a revival
right
all right it's just a weird thing
because he was back he's back baby
yeah yeah nope he made like a you know a
big deal indie movie 20 Tarantino wasn't
a huge name yeah time like he did that
one weirdo gangster movie and now Pulp
Fiction with all these obscure ish stars
that I think I remember their name from
right cuz even Bruce Willis like he was
huge at one point but Bruce Willis
wasn't necessarily a name at that point
right cuz pulp fiction yeah but yeah he
was still a name you think he was still
a name like by that time his age what
year did did that fucking come out 93
for late 90s he was an early 90s he was
still a thing as a die-hard hmm actually
just mostly a thing then that was his
peak hmm
arguably I'm looking I'm looking I'm
looking him man he's been in so many
more Hudson Hawk didn't help no didn't
yeah never does Hudson Hawk never helps
let's see what was what was before Pulp
Fiction was 94 uh-oh
no well he was in the last Boy Scout
that I know that didn't do really good
it's just a good movie you know what he
was die hard to was 90 I guess yes I was
Armageddon huh when was Armageddon oh
that was lovely later hey sure that was
like 99 I'm sure sure I'm blonde Bloom's
looking 98 yeah okay yeah like
Armageddon v elements isolate was abused
too big name at that point I feel a big
name I'll give it to I'll give that to
you I'm down I'm not gonna die I'm not
gonna die on Bruce Willis wasn't a on
the under Bruce Willis wasn't a big star
he'll right right
all right well I think I'm just about at
a place where I'm ready to stop good
it's a little after 10:00 I saw which is
why I'm also good as it's a good place
to stop all right let's undo this
fractious says hello Jack and rich I
just burned my tips and tongue my lips
and tongue horribly okay by trying to
drink super hot noodle water question
why would you do that
have you seen hardware 1990 I may have
if that's the killer robot movie I'm
thinking of me I don't know if I sell
hardware no I don't know that one noodle
yeah noodle water is also they tried
they tried to eat they're the last of us
too hot my macaroni analogy tried to
bring it around but failed yeah well
that was a big fail - fuck off
sorry rich I calls like a seasoned super
hot noodle water is a great ska band
name yes I would go see super hot noodle
water
all right deaf counter all hey I only
died once that no I had more than once
right
you died more than once oh that was deaf
counter for riches bad joke I guess I
approve
you would also yes okay so here we go
now is the time in which we would like
to thank all of the wonderful people who
have subscribed to us during this very
stream including sausage toes all right
now for ya I'm looking for it did you
put it in the Start menu you put it in
no because we can't we can you know make
that like a change the font size end of
the tent oh yeah well just for now I'll
pin it to the taskbar
okay sausage shows who have subscribed
to us for 42 motherfucking months in a
row and sausage Joe says nothing but
okay you know yeah Laura Zeile crane
hand Christ for thirteen months in a row
my moose is loose gaming a unicorn stew
pocalypse who says after a year plus I
forgot to read subscribe thanks Amazon
for no auto-renewal
on prime time to restart the streak good
luck good luck we believe in you
Tsar 'f 42 exalted platypus storm
Templar who says Witcher always a good
choice guys if you were billionaires
what show would you resurrect or
continue I didn't think about it that's
a big question I have to think about it
here's gonna be my hot take yeah I would
not resurrect any show yeah I I think
it's very rare alright if you're a
billionaire at the time it got can
Firefly okay without a doubt okay I
would give it like eight more seasons
that's the answer that's what we needed
yeah okay great but like now like I
wouldn't want a Firefly renew revival
you know like the original cast this
ship like and we're done we've moved on
chat rich did not give jack shit for
being interested in this story rich
wanted to cut off criticisms of his
friend for liking a story when usually
he doesn't well I think it was good
because like what what you're trying to
understand is generally I don't like
stories and what makes the wicked no
that's an interesting question
me being an asshole giving you shit of
course not of course not it's trying to
dissect what is that what makes one
different than the other yeah and I
think that's fine Firefly with phat
Nathan Fillion I know it wouldn't work
it just wouldn't work I think it's time
to re-watch Firefly fucking love that
show fucking love that show
pirate XCore yes a midnight grind monkey
b85 for 48 goddamn motherfucking months
in a row
thank you
bogey says it's been four years subbed
and still so many technical difficulties
get your shit together guys but
seriously it's been great I feel like
it's almost together you can say that
all you want I feel like we've hit a
point now where it's like it's together
until we change a thing again and yet
here I am using a trackball it was we
were so so cubby so happy Father's Day
everyone
keep winning it like all fathers have
done since time began
oh by not just all fathers the one thing
and anyone who is not a parent who maybe
is about to become a parent is thinking
about becoming a parent or or is just
mad at their parents for any particular
reason
the one thing that you know that you
learn when you become a parent is nobody
knows what they're doing your parents
they didn't know what they were doing
we're all just winging it and if anyone
says they know what they're doing
they're lying they're fucking liar
that's that's what parents do we make it
up as we go along
yes Tiberius Kirk for 33 fucking months
in a row who says I went to Disneyland
last week and saw a preview for ant-man
and the wasp in 3d
I hate 3d usually but I gotta see this
one in 3d on discount day at least it
looked great I know you're both thrilled
I am more Paul Rudd that's all we need
is more Paul Rudd and I love we were
talking about lost earlier Evangeline
Lilly is is fantastic I'm looking
forward to it okay yeah dude oh three
whiskers cuddles doctor guter hooter add
in a little
damnit dr. Ghadir whooped her hanker I
like that version better
dr. guter whoo turbo alone what Bob
sentient untwine that's wide
motherfucker wanted to get the name
right yeah now with it you made it worse
yeah says no 431 fuckin Westeros says
prereq is a delicious meal served on a
reed mat that's falling apart love it
thanks for providing something I enjoy
this much I think that was another
technical difficulties dig about great
use oles heard you all hermit pretend
ear for 18 months in a row
dosmo pizzo mr. Oppenheimer chicken big
buttocks for 21 fucking months in a row
max power 12:15 I don't know what keeps
unplugging and plugging in to the
computer so we don't we don't know what
that what's making that sound I'm sorry
they can't even hear it they should
technically be able to hear it
Todd call for 15 months and roses rich
as a dude who has a GF beset with larger
size knockers thank you for sharing your
insight last week my girlfriend agrees
with you 1000% power to the nut to the
larger welcomes I don't know if you
noticed yeah I highlighted it it's very
funny it was a fair was it was a funny
moment I wanted to share with more
people I wanted to preserve that
specific moment as you know we're here
we're here for you
vx 1 3 5 4 24 fucking months in a row
the last hummus Dougie fresh 1 1:7 says
I hope you guys got the 2 DLC expansions
for this game blood and wine is
particularly amazing that's the one Jack
doesn't have
koulos for 14 months in a row this happy
day happy dad Day to all the dads all
the beds happy dad damn I listen I
haven't finished the regular game yeah I
don't give a shit if you have it or not
double blast own a 64 I don't know we
don't know what's doing that lapel
little pale
speaking moths I don't even know if
they're here that are you hearing that
I'm just just