Episode 118
Shop Keeping
July 1, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajtD0UsIR2U
______________________________________

here here presumably always takes a
minute how did you change the title
shirt oh no no it's fine
you're just gonna get everybody's hopes
up horribly her I am with that title I
get what your three right oh yeah I
might still be saying we're playing the
way that's fine
we're sorry everyone we're not playing
The Witcher I'll change that 40 effing
minutes late will fuck you to time is it
the 6:40 it's my fault not like that's
going to help a lot
how do you spell this again re c e re c
ET te AR how does this is this is this
ridiculously loud in the stream
everybody it shouldn't be theoretically
it should be rather quiet do you guys
hear this not loud perfect volume great
why does that child wear them good your
fats anime bullshit I don't know how you
can tell whether or not somebody's
supposed to be a child or not yeah
that's a one that is a fairy and I
believe for all intents and purposes
that fairy is an adult I think yeah give
us some voices no I'm not doing voices
for this no no you know what that's just
not gonna happen right that said I do
think capitalism ho is adorable
capitalism the ho
agreed agreed that is very cute
speaking of you know we're here on
Twitch I'm trying to update our stream
yeah on the official twitch app yeah and
the twitch app has a problem rich okay
the twitch app you know you you get to
type in the game you're playing so you
can go into the game category right yeah
and uh they don't appear apparently they
don't have Russert ear as a game that
you can play our records here or
whatever however you pronounce it right
I have to assume it's Reckitt ear for
the racketeering pond of course well so
here's here's the problem they don't
have the game so I don't have the option
in the app to just put in the name of
the game I'm playing I need to choose
something that's in the twitch database
on the app and that's a big problem for
us right now because right now it still
says we're playing The Witcher 3 and I
can't even remove the game we're playing
on the app so now I got I got to go do
it I got to do it find another way to do
this to update the stream that's a
problem with the app official problem I
do mean that
you know you know what I was watching
before I came here today rich speaking
of Alex Kirkman taking over all Star
Trek Kurtzman I think whatever is now
yeah by the way looking III didn't know
who he was so we quickly looked at his
resume not super hyped about him taking
overall Star Trek yeah yeah I'm shocked
somebody would take credit for writing
the amazing spider-man 2 is the job it's
a credit is what it is there oh Jesus
Christ
get out of here comically loud do we
need to turn that down no that wasn't us
that was the thing that Otto played no
okay
people say it's fine uh here here we go
maybe I can do it it's loud here and we
have our sound turned almost off oh
there it is why weren't you showing up
in the thing okay great I don't know I
don't know man I just don't know
so anyway speaking of Alex Kurtzman
taking over Star Trek yeah we were
having a little problem with our with
our TV at home we what we get a YouTube
TV yeah that's where we had all of our
cable and stuff I was having a little
problem with that you know I finally
figured it out and we just needed to
play some sort of live Channel and so I
go through the live channel things and
OH start Star Trek voyagers on BBC
America okay I'll watch a little bit of
that and I got hooked immediately was a
great episode it's great episode it was
the episode where the telepathic alien
kept on taking over people's minds so it
wouldn't go back into the nebula oh yeah
yeah do you remember that and then so
they couldn't trust anyone except for
the doctor but then the doctor gets shut
off it's great little episode I was
running a little late because I was
watching that episode by the way but
that's not why we're late here come in
log in we're late here because after we
got all set up we shot an episode before
the stream today and after we get all
set up all the cameras all the lights we
are ready to go I realize that I forgot
all of my memory cards at home oh my
fuck
God and so then I had to drive home and
drive back and then we talked for an
admittedly very long time about the two
games so it's my fault that we're late
I'm very sorry
sorry not sorry I mean I am sorry but
you know we're still here yeah still
here Rocketeer all right yeah it's not a
shop management game a shop management
sim eyes I want to call her reset I know
I know
because it seems like that's how the C
would work in her name
yes it does but I guess rickettes is
also a name it is I guess I don't
fucking know but I want to call her
every time I see it I want to say reset
so then I want to call it a rest here
but I never realized girl twas this cute
haha there he is he's uh you know this
is what he's doing a pre Witcher ring
yeah he's you know he runs a little
merchants guild think they're talking
about the fairy
oh she has gray hair yeah I could go out
maybe yeah
it's a fantasy anime trope - just
misspelled normal names but is resets a
normal name or rickettes neither of
those are normal names anyway it doesn't
matter this is what we're playing it's
fun everything's fine everything's fine
prax is nope not that one doobie
sandwich rich says hey R&J; if you're
familiar with the Adams family do you
prefer the modern deadpan snarky err
Wednesday atom atoms or the classic
wholesome modern Wednesday Addams
what's-her-face as Christina Ricci
Jeannie Ricci was the best thing about
those movies yeah she was great yeah she
plays she played it just right yeah she
played it perfect it was perfect it was
it was it was deadpan very serious no no
hints at the gag and that's the perfect
way to play it and you know what I think
Addams Family 2 gets a lot of flack does
it I think so we just go to first I
think so yeah and I loved her I loved
that moment when she's at the summer
camp and she's you know if she realizes
the every way and she starts smiling and
it freaks everyone out more god I love
that movie
both of those movies she realizes that
her love interest is allergic to
everything and that he could die at any
moment and that makes her really happy
and interested in him as a great movie
see it's why I played this with the
sound off oh isn't it annoying this the
entire soundtrack is on a five-second
loop and it is irritating as shit yeah
Aubrey Plaza would be a great Wednesday
yeah I hope she's getting over that
shtick I I love her so much on Legion
because she's actually playing a
character instead of just playing the
one character that she got famous for
playing and I hope I hope she leaves
that shtick because she's a she is an
actual talented actress I just don't
like her deadpan shtick
did you receive her on Parks and Rec not
really no she plays she played basically
Wednesday Addams growing up she was very
deadpan very straight very was the one
that was in the office that one not that
one okay not not rashida Jones but any
after afterwards she started basically
taking a lot of roles that were very
similar to that and and I never cared
for that shtick I'm really hoping that
with with kind of these movies that
she's taking and with Legion she's
branching off it and I hope she doesn't
fall into the Danny McBride slump Danny
McBride had a really awesome movie
called the foot fist way in which he
played you know this kind of doofus
character who thought he was really
awesome but is really a big doofus okay
and then for the rest of his career he
has played that exact same character
it's it's a living it's a living
absolutely that's how you get work you
played that one character we want a
character like that and then you don't
get an opportunity I really saw an
opportunity to branch off or maybe you
know what maybe that's what you're best
at that what a being you do he's got
that one stick he'll do it the three
stooges made a good living being the
Three Stooges
or maybe not they probably died broke
there's probably some got a horrible
tragic Three Stooges story right where
their manager took all them yeah problem
you know it's I know that's probably
true yeah yeah
yeah that's fine why are they playing
this instead of the last of us they're
there hopefully once we get into it
you're gonna see like there is some
actual good shop manager and game
mechanics there's a pretty meaty
tutorial in front of everything here
that's one of the big like that I think
this game has two big hurdles to
overcome
and they're kind of lumped together
right you hate it you hate it when any
two people talk to each other and it
goes unless it's the witcher 3 and then
it's fine then just shut up then shut up
and listen right okay I guess in in in
The Witcher we talked about this a
little bit like I feel like their
conversations have a meaning and it's
not too little anime girls screaming at
each other yeah so so and that's what I
heard
this is fun
you killed the string audios messed up
what's wrong stream hosed what he looks
good on our inter how about now oh wait
wait wait wait
it's back now wait it's back now it's
fine
what happened guess her audio was wrong
oh that's weird we didn't we didn't we
didn't touch anything so we don't know
what happened but it went weird well
we'll watch it later I guess oh okay huh
you seem to be fine now that's out by
the way you'll see me do this a lot and
that's how I check if if we're dropping
frames cuz I'm watching my head so just
even you do this so you know sorry if
that's weird to you guys I'm not playing
a game with underage anime girls in it
right now riches and we played this we
put we we we just we just did an episode
talking about this and moonlighter which
are two games that have incredibly
similar premises and discussing the the
things both games do well and the things
both games do poorly and rich after
talking about it rich wanted to play a
little more Rekha tear why not we could
I figured we I figured my here's my
plant my actual plan okay we'll jump
around a bit okay that's cool I can play
this maybe I'll switch to moonlighter or
maybe I'll switch to enter the gungeon
sure enter the gungeon was a weird I
don't know why but yes sure sure I I
just I hadn't heard I hadn't heard that
name in a while you said maybe I'll play
enter the gungeon I was like whoa
that's like a throwback episode rich
hated anime I hate a lot of anime I
don't necessarily hate the art style on
principle though okay that's fair that's
fair this this is a fine game so
whatever the reason we hear an echo is
because those headphones are plugged in
by the way so you can unplug those
headphones and know where the fucking
plugged and you know what let's not
because um that might cause the whole
stream huh all right so not do that
right now but Jack my biscuit interview
is a treat Oh glad you liked that I'm
glad you liked it
I'm just saying what that is has granted
you access to deluxe twitch dashboard
what I don't know what that is I don't
know yeah yeah the I was on a podcast I
was on a cat centric podcast they
interview people of varying degrees of
fame who have cats and I said I would
love to come on and talk about biscuit
for an hour and I did and it was a fine
conversation just talking about cats
no spam it that was spammy nonsense
don't accept that I don't know what that
is you all got hacked yeah that seemed
like that seemed like a hack cuz I
didn't I didn't do anything
go back and see what that was
anyway I'm so it's up
me and the cat podcast the / cast is
what it was called by the way
hmm
anyway that was fun that was the good
fun see like all of that so far that was
tutorial didn't that seem to take you
like an hour yeah that's so much that's
just so much and it's not done yet
so much you did escape huh you could hit
this game because you know how to do all
this yeah there you go
yep who cares we know all the yapping at
all this stuff oh my god there's more
its skippable once you know what you do
yeah your second playthrough it's fine
okay bye dick gently
didn't you guys just play a shout tuning
game yes we played moonlighter which
isn't really a shopped ending game
strangely enough haha right
god dammit man now Justin the third
since Jack I got a bone to pick with you
a few streams back you said John Cena
would stand a good chance if not beat
Shaq I just want to tell you Shaq would
literally murder Cena in a fight he has
trip strength fuck do you know you seen
them fight he never buys anything that
little girl was so annoying oh god yeah
oh she bought the Hat
she about to happen oh we had a 12%
fucking markup yeah that's something
bitch oh I went with John Cena fucking
bitch that little bitch she ain't got no
coin man I went with John Cena not only
because he's big and strong but also he
has some sort of fight training even if
it's fight choreography fake fight
training even if it's fight choreography
it is more fight training than Shaq has
he's gonna he's gonna try and do
something stupid and then when Shaq's
not gonna cooperate with him he's gonna
get confused and then he's just gonna
give fucking leveled by Shaq I still
give it to see why are you jumping up so
I could pick you up for the power washer
I'm bettin Cena knows how to throw a
punch
chef's yes Cena knows how to deliver a
punch specifically with no force behind
it because that's how he's been trained
and that's gonna be hard to unlearn in
the middle of a real fight
maybe his wrestling training is gonna be
a fucking detriment
that's possibility but I'd still put
money on Cena now that we're talking
about in their prime right yeah yeah go
up
how old is Shaq I mean he looks like
he's 60
he looks old I have no idea how old's
Jackie's I'll be honest with you I have
no idea how I'll check is chattin maybe
you'd be like okay here's what I'm gonna
guess without looking at yet I'm gonna
guess that Shaq is 55 no 51 we're very
wrong what is he 46 or Shaq is 46 years
old not by that much the grand scheme of
things it's fine old athletes bodies
fall apart faster I believe it and how
old's John Cena's jet so Shaq is 46
how old's John Cena this is the
important question thirty
6.now always older than that according
to chat Cena is 41 while Jack is a Shaq
is 46 Wow all right yeah no okay yeah
yes Shaq's taking it Shaq is definitely
taking I was shaking it that man that
man looks old but if we're assuming both
are in their prime
oh no there's something there for five
years age difference yeah shake is
owning Cena even now oh come on come on
Shaq probably has crippling arthritis in
every joint how how much of a size
advantage does Shaq have size and reach
probably a significant okay I would
assume Shaq at least has this counts for
a lot
Oh yo no and I mean just wait I bet like
he's good he's got a lot more weight
than than Cena I know I know you saw
John Cena beat up Brock Lesnar it's much
bigger I have my believes I know you've
seen that I don't know who brought it
that doesn't that didn't count
I don't know who Brock Lesnar Shaq is
seven foot seven inches
Cena is six feet oh my god
Shaq has more than odd four tunnels yeah
Shaq's winning
I don't know about this
oh no sorry his Reach is seven foot
seven inches he is only 7.1 feet tall I
mean still he still has a foot on Cena
but no I'm no longer a foot and a half
but a seven foot seven inch wingspan oh
and as a general rule you can't trust
like weight and measurement when it
comes through wrestlers because it's you
know because it's a theater that should
that shit usually gets exact exaggerated
sure yeah but I mean no matter what Cena
is shorter than Shaq and has less of a
reach than Shaq but I'm guessing I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go out on a limb here
rich and say that Cena's bit faster he's
a bit leader even even inch even check
in his prime scene is a bit leaner so
what you're saying is Cena can run away
from Shaq efficiently see Cena can get
in there and do some damage
this is classic David versus Goliath get
in there get some get some gut punches
in I think I think
yeah what do we got here we got a pro
Austin see says two games in an episode
you say interesting well you know
they're very you know their games with
two incredibly similar premises and I
think it started like you like you said
rich is I yeah you brought up the skin
they don't play this game but a item
shop exactly item you can go into
dungeon
Oh rocket ear and you looked at me like
what no more lighter and you're like aha
there's two of them you seen and yeah
and you know in each of them in in
either of them there's not an individual
episode there's not a full episode and
talking about moonlighter
and there's not a full episode in
talking about Rocketeer but a plus this
game is 11 years old right but together
there's enough to compare and contrast
yeah once you get past the the dialogue
heavy opening yes
and as for the other part of your tip
they they they are all invited everyone
is invited every week anonymous says
have you seen the Creed 2 trailer and if
not would you mind taking a break to
watch it tonight I I didn't know there
was a trailer already I'm excited I we
probably won't take time to watch it
tonight but I will watch it Googlers not
making Creed 2 right who's making Creed
- you don't know rich what do I like
more Star Wars or anime Farscape - who's
in creed - who's directing what
Dolph Lundgren Steve Kapil jr. is
directing at Creed too by the way I
don't know who that is
hmm well I'm excited about Creed - Creed
was great different director though yeah
but you know Dolph Lundgren's in it so
it's got to be a little good right in
which Creed - Dolph Lundgren's in Creed
- I believe the premise I've heard is
now Creed jr. is gonna fight
oh of course Dolph Lundgren was the
Russian guy was uh yeah I completely
forgot that oh okay cuz at the time I
saw rocky for he wasn't Dolph Lundgren
yet he was just that guy who was the
Russian in the big the big Russian right
so I believe the premise of Crete - is
Creed jr. fights
Drago jr. that's that's a little bit as
a little bit schlock yep but I would
argue that every Rocky movies a little
bit sure well they could be going the
rocky formula the first one was the
serious movie and then it's just pure
schlock from here on out yep very very
possible then he was he man that he was
he man the the man was the motherfucking
Punisher he was he was Dolph Lundgren
yeah yeah it's great
rocky for wish well I mean a lot listen
rocky to was when they started it was
when they started that whole slippery
slope thing then you got mr. t then you
got Ivan Drago then you got the the
street fighter it's it's all crazy
it's all crazy right off the bat I got
hit by the rockslide
that's just that's just fantastic you
know something I forgot to mention well
you know we talked a lot about the
dungeon crawling I forgot to mention the
random fish that's a weird one I'll have
to cut to the random fish attacking you
stallone co-wrote the screenplay for
creed 2 says the chat interesting as I'm
a big fan of Creedence
Sloan's kind of invested in the whole
rocky thing mm-hmm yeah that's fine
we'll see we'll see what happens
I give I'll give I'll give a lot of a
lot of props to Crete I think they did a
really good job with it
that being said hey anyone could you can
make that turn you could make that
that's Locke turn wait this is a
shopping game early in the game they
really want you to here's the deal I
need things to sell in my shop yeah so
you hire an adventure room
to go down into the dungeons with you
where you collect a bunch of shed that
you can sell for 100% profit which is
very honest eventually once you have
enough capital to work with you can
forego that yeah and then just start
traditional business buying low selling
high with with stuff in shops yeah and
that's you know that's really the way to
go that's really that's really where the
money is
isn't this basically like moonlighter
well this is a far more depth full
version of moonlighter which honestly
shallow as fuck and really the question
is isn't moonlighter like this as this
game is 10 years old yeah
which again is why we did an episode
about both of them because they are
shockingly similar games
it's it is it's just laughing Helldivers
and in stardew valley you grow your farm
and Rocketeer you grow your business yep
yeah so if we're using a stardew valley
comparison that might be more akin to
moonlighter as there's no real yeah
there's no real there's absolutely
nothing pressuring you to do anything a
moonlighter yeah so unlike here where
you you've you've got to make payments
oh yeah you got you got rent that is due
and ain't fuckin around with that rent
no music in the dungeon either there
should be I don't know oh that's right
then one of the weird things about this
the menu button was l1 the menu button
is l1 he's gone yeah music sound this
dungeon doesn't have music but you know
what it's okay not hearing the music
because it's a constant five-second loop
of a really annoying shit man that was
right out of a comic book
damn you dog man your dastardly doggy
deeds they've come to an end I hate the
fire punch once once the throw the rock
you can block you can block the rocks
yeah
if you with this with this character oh
that's right he has but it's a it has
like a cool done you only get like one
block no that's not true that's not true
no keep loca just not the fire punches
right
but I'm pretty sure his shield blocks
any projectiles except for those lines
well that's that's something that falls
on your head that's an environmental
more rocks look this is just not a good
this is not a good area of the dungeons
to show off a shield blocking stones you
brought up the shield blockers oh I'm
saying I kinda want to see the shield
block well III do freely admit the
moonlighter has better dungeon-crawling
lloyd beats Lloyd beats says now when
you say we did an episode about both
these games what do you mean I don't see
a prereq upset about these games we
literally right before we started
streaming filmed our episode on both of
these games it would be the next prereq
episode which will be out I don't know
sometimes that's what I meant to say we
did technically we did film an episode
the episode is just not out yet as it's
still in my memory cards in my camera
bag downstairs I will work on editing it
over the weekend well today is just
Wednesday right yeah I might get it done
by like a like by the end of the weekend
could be we'll see good luck we'll see
we'll see how crazy things get I might I
might do something really stupid this
weekend rich yeah I couldn't think of
something funny at the same time so just
what I was I know I heard I heard the
breath I heard you ready and I was like
oh nothing nothing came soon enough as
you know I have a slight t-shirt
obsession yeah it is very important oh I
saw it oh you can just keep blocking
yeah well shit learn something new every
day that's fine you know it's very
important to me what longsword we
mustn't relog sword nice Oh
put that shit it's gonna get you right
through this dungeon so I have a slight
t-shirt obsession it's very important to
me that I have new cool t-shirts to wear
in every episode of prereq and and best
of the worst that I mean that's that's
become a little bit of my thing so I'm
always on the lookout for new t-shirts
right right and there there is one there
is a few like email mailing lists of
good t-shirt companies that I like I I
keep I I let them send me emails all the
time you know so so I know when the cool
t-shirts are on one of those companies
is called meaty like Yeti like Yeti but
I think they actually just call
themselves yummy oh is that it yeah okay
well Yeti Yeti is having a warehouse
sale over the weekend and they have a
lot of really cool t-shirts but you
actually have to go to their warehouse
which is down in Aurora Illinois you
know the grand scheme of things it's not
the worst well it's not the worst but so
that you know the question is do I you
know it'll take me about two and a half
hours to drive there yeah then you know
you obviously do a little bit of
shopping and then another two and a half
hours to drive back and so like the
question is is do I want to spend like
six possibly seven hours out of my day
just to get really cheap cool t-shirts
yeah and the answer might be yes and so
basically what I'm saying is the episode
might be late because I'm shopping for
t-shirts I don't think there's any
massive rush on this oh no racketeer is
10 11 years old oh you know there's some
it's just a personal thing where it's
like I do like to get them those good
rare drop what antivenom which is like
$500 oh yeah yeah yeah I get rid of some
that slime fluid the only one you need
is a slime liver but I think only that
boss slime dropped
I'm gonna need it for anything either
well you get the magic guy to join your
team yeah uh I don't know adventurers
pokemons strategy you just take the one
and you focus on leveling the one up mmm
yeah you don't read a full team no no
just for fun for fun you it's just for
fun yeah well and he's very interesting
the magic eye is really interesting
because he has a ton of SP and all of
his attacks are ranged yeah his physical
attack when you're out of SP you're
fucked you can say I want to use that
that's it's just interesting just a
different way to plant ET Yeti gives
thousands every year to games done quick
you should do what you can to support
them well there we go then then I'm
that's probably gonna happen so so far
what the schedule is clear to me for me
to take a long excursion to go buy
t-shirt I don't do you ever shop from
Threadless it's great t-shirt I don't
know I think I used to shop at
Threadless I there there's a couple of
places that I really like t-shirts I
think this this one that I'm wearing
today you guys will see it in the next
video is my FTL t-shirt that's from
fangamer comm they have but it's really
nice and it's soft it's a soft t-shirt
which is why it's important can't skip
this dialogue - yeah skip it all man
skip it all but uh Yeti has really nice
high quality t-shirts and like part of
their part of their warehouse sale is
you like normally a one t-shirt of
theirs is like 20 bucks but they're
having a sale where you spend 20 bucks
to buy a tote bag and then you can fill
up the tote bag with all the t-shirts
you want that's yeah oh that's so
fucking worth it but like is that worth
seven hours
it might be so it's 700 like total total
cuz like two and a half to get down
drown out all right well if I want to
skip tolls and I do oh I could probably
get there in like an hour and a half two
hours but then I gotta go through all
those fucking toll booths or I can go
through Beloit and skip all the toll
booths yeah and then it just takes a
little bit longer toll booths are pain
in my ass but uh murders closed but it
might be worth it is all I'm saying
might be worth it
wait am i up Oh nobody buys bows
hundreds of dollars worth of teachers
for 20 that's the thing I could get like
$100 worth of t-shirts for $20 yeah I
could get a nice audio book for the
drive you're gonna you're gonna offset
your savings would get with gas no I'm
gonna come out you're gonna save nothing
no I got I've received nothing on this
expedition I have a relatively
eco-friendly vehicle t-shirts ARF I
could get shirts for my kids while I'm
there cuz they're all on sale I'll take
the kids it'll be a Oh that'll be nice
please so like that I'll take the boys
with me get him out of her hair for a
little glad you love your children sir I
love my children rich but children are a
pain in the ass you know it's pretty
good
yeah I'm glad I played this with the
sign down yeah it's that's one kind of
horrible that is horrible
yes say I have a habit of playing games
yeah with the sound really low and then
I listen to something else something
else yeah documentary or a show or you
know sure sure something yeah no that's
the smart way to do it I like i I can't
divide my attention that way if I'm
playing a video game I there's no way
I'd be able to ingest a dot the
information in a documentary you know so
i Lobsterfest we did play moonlighter we
did play moonlighter I'm gonna start
low-balling everybody just to build up
my reputation do it jack how much do the
tolls cost total is it really worth five
hours well wouldn't be worth five hours
but it is worth one hour the the extra
time to go through beloit would probably
be about an hour if I wasn't taking the
main highway down to Aurora
so the tolls going down to Aurora would
probably be close to 12 dollars one way
okay I'm not I'm not sure - Aurora I
can't tell you about the ride it would
be it would be some sort of like that'd
be a total of 24 dollars there and back
and if I take the long way there's zero
tolls and it only adds an extra hour
onto the drive so I think an hour is
worth $24 yes so
24 hours 24 hours round trip but I'm
burning for extra gallons of gas to save
it Jack I could have skipped a lot of
things early on I just didn't know I
could oh I could have skipped stuff and
I didn't I did not know I could you
could skit like what that tutorial for
people selling you items but you don't
want us you don't want to skip anything
because it's valuable in for me first
time right but for the same stream oh
absolute I should have skipped all that
shit early on I didn't I didn't know I
could I didn't know I could now you're
doing it yeah you're doing it oh don't
wait so next time you haven't talked to
tear I want to see this hole or when
someone gave it when someone gives you a
I have to get to the point where I could
take orders I'm not I'm not quite there
yet but they forgot what level that's at
right I think I think I'm right about
this not being a great stream game
though yeah yeah I know we're talking
about other shit I'll talk about other
shit and then we'll switch it up and I'm
like an hour
exactly hey you know what like um like
um like Apple Jacks man we eat what we
like you know these these square parents
they just don't understand or they we
what we like damn rabbit he never gets
any tricks fuck him well he keeps trying
to steal him because he can't he can't
get any any other way he just the rabbit
just want some fucking cereal yeah but
he is a rabbit if he eats cereal it will
literally kill him he needs to eat only
vegetables cereal will murder him and
they're trying to save the rabbit better
than those kids who keep on fucking
taking the Lucky Charms like the kids
are stealing in that one from from lucky
damned ingrates
what platform is this came on rich this
is on steam right now this version is on
GOG for legal weird legal reasons yes
not available on GOG anymore oh it's
like they jus G relocated to Poland mr.
Baine they couldn't because that
something legal happened oh and take
rekha tear off of gog so you can only
get an unstable interest yeah
interesting but for a while apparently
it was yeah yeah I bought it on Steam
but that's interesting we've had for a
while somebody told me you need I was
tired we talked years ago we talked
about an item shop game wouldn't it be
neat and somebody said they already did
it it was called rekha tear oh okay and
you got it on the I got it then never
really got around to playing it right
oh I thought it was called what a racket
no that's what a racket is the name of
the stream and the game is called
racketeer racketeer so I called the
stream what a racket get it and you get
yeah I'm not it's not always the best
excuse me if you heard that that's gross
that was gross let's see here Annan says
guys I'm in my 30s and I've discovered I
have a superpower apparently no matter
how few people are in the theater when I
go see movies the incessant talkers are
compiled - sir are compelled to sit
directly next to me that's shitty one
how do you handle these situations get
an usher well first ask them politely to
be quiet
they probably won't they'll probably get
angry at you for asking them to be dn't
it not be rude III think the the the the
general what do you call it the social
code is first ask like oh hey excuse me
could you be quiet I'm trying to watch a
movie number one if they give you two or
if they start talking go get an usher
that's why the issues are that hey Timon
I asked for things I don't have I agree
it's the great thing about Judy if he'd
bought it on Steam and that had happened
your copy would have been gone forever
no no if like even if rich didn't have
because I I can only assume you didn't
have this downloaded I why is a habit
with most things I get on GOG I did I
think I do have it downloaded somewhere
in any case GOG galaxy still did write
download it when I tried to install it
here or so exactly yeah it's they just
can't sell any more copies rich still
has access yeah I still have access to
it from their server so right but I
wouldn't like I said it wouldn't matter
either way I've got a backup copy
somewhere home ok cuz you're a horrible
game hole I'm a gamer
I'm a game prepper somebody called
that's right I like I like that III was
a great way to put it I asked an old man
to be quiet and then he was
confrontation works people you got to do
the cringy yeah it's it's not quite like
it's only cringy because apparently you
know some people are so afraid of social
interaction that literally like just
talking to other people is cringy to
them but i think sometimes people just
are so in their own world they're not
considering other folks around them and
so if you make them consider you a lot
of times you'll get what you want
and that's an okay thing spending all
your cash I'll goes back into the store
spend money to make money rich success
the name of this game yes yes public
shaming is a dying art form you know I
think we can bring it back I think we
can bring back public option public
shame yeah you want to bring back I
think we I think we're ready
rich there can be no possible downside
to bringing back public shaming right
you got to bring back shunning 200 yeah
yeah maybe we could we could devise some
sort of system to to you know to label
people the people we should be shunning
right no possible way that could
backfire terrible yeah exactly this
morning we're gonna solve some more
stuff do it
sell it I've gone back into the dungeon
yeah get that shit no you got a nice
selection you got some weapons you got
some clothes
you did do you have any treasure I don't
have any treasure god dammit wait what
about the charm no that won't work as a
tremor this is specific category for
treasure right right sometimes there's a
little crossover maybe I should have
tried yeah can we bring back the lottery
I mean that lottery is everyone still
required to read that short story it'll
hurt okay that means her customer
respect level is going up yeah you can
now spend more money nice nice rich
there any bosses in this game yes yeah
in in the dungeons the the one dungeon
you saw so far was the entry level
dungeon and our adventurer needed to
complete that in order to get his what
do they call it a old car I had to get
the collector's card so I got illegally
hire him in the future but he didn't
have a card he needed to go through the
initial dungeon
didn't have any money to do that yeah
exactly they did a thing they did a
thing his guild card but now you can go
into the real dungeons I never made it
I never went any further than the third
boss is there more dungeons there's just
like five total oh yeah I I very quickly
stopped going to the dungeons because I
found more profit oh shit they're closed
today you know they're closed you can
only go there first thing in the morning
that first thing I thought you could
only go there to closed on on Sundays oh
and then you need to like to de pie
slices yeah to go to the dungeon yes
okay so you can't go in like the evening
gotcha but this like morning and early
this yeah whenever fuck that was as a
waste of a trip outside time I'm this is
waste this whole trip is now wasting
time cuz I can't go to the dungeon today
yeah well wait couldn't you've gone back
to your store and not have to take any
time no if you leave and come back that
takes time
oh shit yeah shit man I'm sorry I'm
sorry rich that's all right yeah Jesus
says a love dungeon a treasures there's
there's a whole there's a whole fun side
quest with your magician guy where they
basically spend the entire side quest
crapping on religious zealots I don't
think I found that particular one well
that's that's part of his story
did you ever unlock him I got his card I
don't do did you did you read him back
and forth or was there more than that
one conversation I think after you get
his card or maybe that is during the
card one where he's talking about like
all the magical items in there okay I
got that that the religious organisms
like more the way you put it I thought
there was more to it oh no no that's the
one where the he the religious
organization is banning magical items so
they've dumped him all in the dungeons
but those zealots don't know what
they're getting rid of there they're
taking education away from the people I
we'll fight with you to get those
magical relics is great there there is a
lot of cute things in this game any
steam sale games you're looking forward
to what's on sale on Steam I have no
idea right listen we're making we're
finally making it through these ten year
old games I don't know you know yeah
this there's no rush
no no rush hang on that fucking long
sword saying I can give I can give some
of this stuff yeah to the adventure I go
to the dungeons with but it takes up
inventory space of stuff I could bring
back there's a trade-off
yeah which which is a neat a really neat
idea the especially like if your
adventurer comes in and wants to buy
like a crap piece of equipment you just
make it too expensive like no no you
have good equipment now oh yeah because
if you sell the adventurer equipment
they keep that equipment then they don't
have to worry about taking it with you
taking of your inventory space when you
go to the dungeon because they'll just
own it it'll be his right so this
incentive to buy a good sword that's
expensive and sell it to the adventurer
you're gonna go out with cheap you know
come into your store asking for a weapon
and there's incentive not to sell him a
crappy weapon because you know he'll
equip it yeah big sale is tomorrow oh
well I know GOG just had their big sale
and I bought a lot then yeah oh yeah you
stocked up I did and all your on all
your steam regular good old good old gog
gog OG the gaming prepper headquarters
we'll just well it will ask for a tour
and and look at their vaults yeah show
us your backups is it go as this is the
fireproof heart its earthquake fireproof
the bulletproof we circulate in our own
filtered air this is not a good polish
accent but I don't know that's
absolutely I don't know what a polish
accent is so I'm doing kind of German
kind of Russian I just assumed you were
doing German for no good reason their
polish and I I don't know what a polish
accent sounds like so I'm sorry to any
fans from Poland who heard that and and
didn't much care for it we should be
horribly horribly but they should be and
I'm offended at myself for doing it my
god I played this with the sounds I did
you are right you are right I didn't
notice because I played almost the whole
game with the sounds down it's horrible
and that loop gets stuck in your head
yeah I know and the voices and the sound
effects they recycle them all it's it's
all terrible like I said the the barrier
to entry in this game is quite high a
lot a lot of tutorials up front the the
a lot of sound is missing the the whole
menu system is is terrible to navigate
but there is some good in there I think
there is some good hi Gregory there's
some good in there I you know you need
to find a way to marry this with
moonlighter yes because this does a lot
of things that moonlighter doesn't even
fucking bother to do because
moonlighters lazy this is casual alright
is laid laid back is what it is just
mute the sound and put on some do music
that would make this a very different
feel to the game if just the doom
soundtrack was playing in the background
well you know what it depends upon what
you want yeah moonlighter really
neglects the shop managing aspect of the
game in a lot of ways yes I I think I
think so ya know and I mean I can agree
with you a certain point it's it's a
it's a different way to manage the shop
it's a it's a more hands-off way to
manage a shop absolutely but the
dungeons in moonlighter and the combat
is very good oh don't forget to equip
your swords it should have Ottawa equip
the bag items power
oh okay great yeah they're cool cool I
want there to be a game where you just
sell and buy things I'm sure there's a
million games like that but I think most
of them are like that frog fractions
like just text game blue lighter
should've just been called weapon
grinder well I like the just the very
name of moonlighter makes you think that
there is going to be some sort of push
and pull between dungeon and selling
yeah and there isn't no there is there's
no incentive to do one more than the
other so
but yes there are there are ways there
are things that moonlighter does a
little bit better than their whole their
whole backpack management system when
dungeon-crawling is super fun and
interesting and neat and of course you
know just the dungeon experience in
moonlighter is in real time their
monster design their their combat
everything a moonlighter dungeon wise is
better blood if you're looking to manage
a shop you might be a bit disappointed
oh don't see those often yeah let's go
for it guys that'll get you some coin I
mean I don't even remember what the fuck
those go for you can look it up in your
thing but a decent amount get it you
leveled up a bit so somebody in Japan a
mind Python fan wipe those rabid enemies
that's totally what that is right that's
that's got to be a reference it's a
Monty Python in the Holy Grail though I
have no idea it might just be a Jap hand
fan how does the ingredient system work
well no ingredients are just a thing you
can sell and then you can forge them to
make better items actually never got
around to playing with that too much
yeah yeah there it's it's really just
another thing to sell and when they are
a question mark like that it just means
you don't know what it is yeah
it's a ragnarok online reference and
people instead of saying the rabbit
thing is just to Japan really yeah yeah
does rich just not care to chain or is
he unaware how to chain chain which also
maybe I'm unaware of how to chain that's
one chain what is that what does it mean
you talking about like in the shop
giving good bargains consistently no no
I see you like it said to change I mean
I I saw that all the time I have no idea
what that means one chain two chain
three chain no tipping is working
tonight we're getting the tips I don't
know what that means so two Kings at
some point I stopped worrying about the
dungeons too much so if you keep killing
oh this is interesting
rich yeah if you keep killing the same
enemies in a row you get better leave oh
I didn't I did not know that and enemies
do respawn and so if you just like keep
killing the blue goo enemies you might
get better loot
I actually did not know that I didn't
know that either and to be fair I don't
think there's anywhere in the game where
they talk about that nope
the game is a little obtuse in that
manner and yet and yet you complain
about the early tutorials
yeah fair yes I do then but we need the
tutorials are we don't know no UK I want
to know I wanted a witness no you can
give that information in a better way
okay you okay you don't need elongated
tutorials that are wrapped around
conversations between annoying anime
girls you can give your information in
better ways
yeah I didn't even know that well we'll
experiment without the next war that's a
good idea
cuz I want to move on do it do it move
on green slimes we're only killing the
green slimes thank you our Miller we
appreciate it
see what we got oh so you're going
you're going after what slimes green
green slime so all the green slimes Oh
actually that'd be really good did you
play it all with the ninja down here in
the dungeons the ninja the ninja the
thief girl the thief girl you know the
the thief girl has the ability to sprint
Oh green slime I used her once
oh shit and she was so underleveled yeah
I just stopped using her with her she
has the ability to sprint if you tap a
direction twice really quick so that's
nice she would be really good for that
for these chains
you know you sprint around run away from
enemies hand got two knots you know you
don't really know let's see here great
artist Neal Breen says u-2 spy plane was
secret for years do you think there are
secret spacecraft of the military has
that will be used for the new space
force space for sounds cool but I think
you could spend your money on something
better yeah yeah I don't know there are
many secret military
spaceships probably many prototype
aerial planes
yeah yeah maybe something that can go
extremely high altitude you know yeah
and I'm sure there's a lot better things
to spend money on than a space force but
I'm also sure that might have distracted
some people
humberto Cabbage Patch says I saw
Incredibles 2 last night oh I didn't
even know that was out yet oh yeah yeah
well shit gotta go check it's good no oh
great ok Humberto cabot ret degrees it
was fantastic however it killed the
theater coming experience for me people
clapping and cheering like the fucking
nerd crew who say that people have fun
in the theater as long as they're not
talking it could be I didn't my theater
didn't have that much cheering I'm not
like obnoxiously sure people laughing at
the moment square you know appropriate
but right as a boss it's a boss what do
you want me to do not get hit by it shit
oh wait you have grapes grapes might
heal you just press the wait oh you can
know for sure if you press the X button
over it it gives you a bunch of detailed
information you hit him a couple of
times you back away hit him a couple
times and back away and then kill the
the little slime so he doesn't read it
you might want to eat an apple
now back up back up I know last time I
thought one of those things iconically
over level sure sure I got used to
tanking it yeah yeah I'm with you
Oh critical you did it well I'm excited
to see Incredibles 2 I for some reason I
had at my head that that was out later
this summer I I don't much Sears another
thing moonlighter doesn't have this kind
of tough decision making go on you know
and just get better loot from my trip
but I have to make it and survive the
next five floors and you don't have any
healing items I'll probably find
something I didn't bring anything with
me here I had to for this fight just
saying as of right now you you what you
have oh fucking jack rich is going for
it what like they're going for it I like
it
gotta have some moxie yeah
you're Maxie's crushing you at the
moment gotta have some moxie you know to
put on your tombstone where are you
going I'm trying to Shane together those
other enemies Oh what are you tainting
those tentacle monsters Oh wish now that
I'm now that I'm looking for them I
can't find a single fucking one right
I'm really getting fucked well I there
seems to be a lot of mushrooms maybe you
could go on a mushroom hunt all right
they're not I've ever seen one of them
drop loot mushrooms
yeah they dropped the useless mushrooms
yeah you did it you did it let's see
here uh Pro Austin see says you guys
have said before that there is a price
for pretty much everything and I agree I
mean that's there is a price for
everything pretty much that's absolutely
true
like I um there's that there's that old
saying that's like you know you can't
just throw money at your problems I
think whoever said that didn't have
enough money what your problem is I
think I think with any problem we've
actually we talked about this earlier
with any problem with enough time and/or
money you can solve that problem I just
don't know that I agree except of course
with the heat death of the universe I
suppose what problem could like not a
lot you know having a lot of money not
solve like guaranteed solve
stage-three cancer i with with a lot of
money that would buy you significantly
more time with the best medical care
available i'm at any price I was gonna
say AIDS but I think Magic Johnson has
proved otherwise
exactly I think even even with even with
a life-threatening disease you have a
far better shot if you are a rich person
than if you are not buy a little more
time obviously it still it still gets
him still gets you I was in you know
like just thinking of like you know
billionaire Steve Jobs brain cancer yeah
but you know reports came out or
speculation I'm not sure if any of these
were confirmed special if speculation
came out that part of the thing that
that might have killed him was that when
he was first diagnosed he tried to go
homeopathic routes he tried to go
alternative medicine routes instead of
going straight to the chemo idiot
well he's you know he's yeah listen I
believe in blah blah why don't what now
right but still got you still got him
okay anyway we were we were at Pro
Austin sees there's a price for
burnished anything let's see here
how much cash would it take for each of
you to shut down prereq four dollars and
you may not create a similar gaming show
series afterwards there's a number of
course there's a number yeah
over or under ten thousand bucks per
person / yeah / of course there's a
number there's a number for everything
my friends saw sold maybe if I can
afford to buy a house
just shut the shut down shut down
everything shut down prereq forever yeah
how you get hiking it up mid do the
upkeep of that house other jobs yeah but
like a nice house an average a
reasonably average house okay alright
that's fair that's fair no I couldn't do
a DMV stream I couldn't do any similar
scream I could not create any similar
gaming show or series afterwards so that
includes I would think that it would
include a D&D; stream I could probably
start up just a general podcast yeah
well I just chat about things in general
but oh there's a there's a number in
there somewhere more important are you
are you offering yeah that was that was
what I was about to say that was the
more important question is you know how
much money do you have and what are you
offering two hundred and fifty two
hundred fifty thousand dollars I'll stop
the stream right now
how yeah I mean that's a good price it's
a good I'd be a good price that's a good
price I think it's a fair price two
hundred and fifty thousand for each yeah
I'm fucking around playing the
negotiation game yeah yeah two hundred
and fifty thousand each yes of course
yeah that's not a bad price that's not a
bad price so get up get on it internet
in bits or PayPal
whichever man would you ever
Oh Craig nation says I've been reading
rain Wilson's book the bassoon King and
at one point he talks about taking a
clowning class taught by gates mcfadden
what this blew my mind and the clowning
/ Star Trek connection made me think of
you guys anyway keep on doing what
you're doing
Rainn Wilson taking clowning classes
Venice gives our fan concept you know
there's there's a lot of mime work
involved in clowning it's still bizarre
yeah oh sure that gates mcfadden not
only knows clowning but knows it well
enough to teach it it's bizarre there
you go it is
I'll have to compare notes with gates oh
no I'm out of practice and I might my
guess is gates Gates is out of practice
too
I bet I've been out of the game too long
not a clone game yeah you got your back
in the saddle jack it's a young man's
game
huh he's these kids today man these kids
today they know what's going on it's
like riding a bike I'm sure I'd pick up
on a few of the things really and really
depending on the gig most of the job
just involves you know putting on the
makeup and outfit and waving at people
like that's it that's most of the job no
matter where you are some light juggling
a trick here or there that's it
actually hold on to the wall nut bread
Jack oh yeah what's it worth or just for
the HP the HP yeah I need a
you need that charred lizard it's $500
shirt looks charged with charred lizard
yeah leave well and if you want that
magician guy to be on your team you need
a charred lizard you need that chart you
can wait I need money god damn it it's a
fucking business it's true not a
magician friendship simulator Jack well
you only have a couple more days how
much money do you need in a couple more
days oh no you need ten thousand let's
see here bared tone this is hi rich hi
jack rich I also enjoy playing games
while listening to other things such as
your stream or old stream videos don't
worry don't worry jack rich and I are
just the next evolution of humanity Wow
pat yourself on the back there are yeah
yeah that's a bit of a leap it's a bit
of a stretch but hey that's fine that's
fine yeah no no like I said I just don't
know if I I don't know if I would be
able to just retain information I I
think it's a good idea sometimes just to
not listen to the horrible music and
sounds but you know put on some music or
something I don't know if I could listen
to like an audiobook no no you know what
I know no I can't because I tried during
I came during a stardew valley you know
there's not a lot of audio needed in
stardew valley and so i listened to an
entire audiobook while playing stardew
valley and didn't remember a damn thing
about it just a damn thing about the
book I I don't I need I need focus to
retain information
I sure listen to the whole thing but I
don't remember a damn thing about it
a little bit careful what the heck is
that squeaking that's the anime the
anime is squeaking the anime squeaky
yeah and it's annoying I I really did
play this with the sound turned down
though yeah isn't it awful yeah it's
just yeah
turbo Jesus 5000 says what would you
guys consider the worst possible use of
one's money
well other than donating to twitch
streamers gambling not have done
responsibly
you got a fun gambling if you don't go
nuts if you go in with the mindset that
I'm okay with losing this amount of
money that's what I'm going to spend
them they have a fun time that I'm okay
with losing this and it that's all you
gamble it's fine
I think I think if all if all you're
going in as expecting is entertainment I
think there are far better ways to spend
that and containment buck goes right you
can come out with more if it goes right
that's what that's a year you're going
down the dark path already rich oh yeah
but like I said if you don't spend more
than that pre-arranged amount it's fine
have some fucking self-control ah you
know what like you know let's let's say
like you know you're going with a
hundred bucks right you say yeah you
know what I'm just gonna go until this
hundred bucks goes down and you go to
like a find a slot machine or a card
table or roulette or whatever and that
lasts you like I don't know an hour yeah
you know what I just lost one hundred
and had pretty fun hour I can only
imagine that hundred dollars would get
you a fun hour
somewhere else all right all right a
life experience some books some go see a
movie a nice movie with the family I've
had fun just hanging out at the roulette
table
bed bed no tiny bits here and there oh
sure like I'm exciting you know I've had
fun I think I've won stuff that's it's a
gamble um you know I just think it's
it's one of those situations where I I
try not to do it as much as possible
because if you're if you're ever down
money it is it's just it's a senseless
waste David II know people says but you
can make all that money perhaps you can
just make a package yeah guys stay for
another hour
I gotta put in another hundred then I
can get that original on her back that's
what I can do let's see then you have a
problem I don't do that you don't have
to do that oh I don't I know have some
goddamn self-control none rich none
whatsoever
I was trying to learn last time I was at
a casino yeah I was kind of I was I was
there during a bit of a dead time and
you know found a sitter for the kids and
me and Lisa and my mom went to hang out
at a casino for bait so you know the
trick for him basically basically so
this guy's he's an interesting enemy he
he eats the mushrooms to regain health
but the red ones regain him health were
the purple ones make him pass out so you
gotta kill the red mushrooms wait till
he eats a Poipu mushroom and then smack
him while he's down yeah
he's an interest there's not the worst
enemies I mean the designs a little
miffed look at him just a big dumb rat
with a big dumb crowbar but there's
something there's some thing about it
anyway I was a last time I was at a
casino I was I was really trying hard to
learn craps because apparently craps is
one of those games where it has the best
odds out of anything in a casino I am
yeah it is a really difficult game to
learn though like a lot of different on
that one table there's like three
different ways to play the game each
with its own different rules what do we
keep going fuck man fuck man start to
get risky starting to get race time to
get risk it got risky and our goal as
you go what's this riches playing enemy
yeah when I start watching anime you can
complain I've no no desire to watch a
wreck and tear anime yeah that would be
that would be all the Annoying bits with
none of the game bits right right we're
going to the bottom oh my none not the
the express freight train elevator to
the bottom of the dungeon you see oh
honey I got honey Jack so toast oh my
god but now look at the racks we got a
bad what a batwing oh this is good shit
oh this is good shit oh man
I'm sorry you're doing great future
future J says hey guys did you hear that
Disney has put the Star Wars spin-off
movies on hold what do you think of that
I know you're rich who's your favorite
Farscape character after Crichton that's
a clever son of a bitch you like that
yeah you know he got he got he
understood the pattern yeah and he tried
to exploit it that's great yeah yeah
great rich they're learning the clever
girl
John John Crichton was my favorite
character does not work as well without
Aeryn Sun and she they they make for
such a great fucking pair she's the the
badass yeah fighter lady yeah okay
those two compliment those two
characters complement each other
perfectly
your Cyclops and Wolverine sure if you
will sure if they were in love yes you
know it depends on what book you read
I'm sure someone someone's drawn that
picture
as for the Star Wars thing if that is
true they just had a you know pretty
disappointing box office mate they might
have to retool some things or maybe it
has to do with the the Fox merger which
is going through Disney is buying all
those all those Fox assets
I believe the purchase has gone through
okay so some maybe they're putting it on
hold while they assess their new money
situation I here's the answer I don't
give shit you know that yeah everyone
knows that that's true I'm not gonna
pretend otherwise great you did it
getting too much good loot is that a
problem only because I want to carry
some healing items with me to the boss
and those those aren't worth very much
mm-hmm so it's a risk versus reward type
scenario because once I die carrying all
this shit yeah I'm not going to be happy
about it right right I'm gonna be very
sad when this all goes south as it will
inevitably that ninja lady's pretty hard
she's she's a dude she's difficult to
beat she's fast but yeah you have some
healing items so you're gonna you know
right ho Jeeves says hey guys I recently
celebrated my one-year wedding
anniversary
being married is awesome what's your
secret to a successful long-term
relationship first of all
congratulations on the paper anniversary
one year is paper as they figure because
of the wedding they're both so poor you
can't afford anything better which is
very true which is just very true
happy paper anniversary the secret is
loving your partner I mean IIIi don't
know that I could say like oh I really
have to work at it well it's so I I
don't have a good I don't have a good
response for for someone as cynical as
you in love it's not it is a respect and
compatibility you speak what you need
listen to what they need until of
emotions cannot make make sure you're
honest with yourself about what you need
and that you listen to what they need
and work together it's a partnership
what is love tonight the part of rich
Evans will be played but honestly I'm
shocked by you I'm sorry my relationship
isn't a constant struggle that's about
to fall apart in a moment I'm sorry
oh no just that just the just the the
all you need is love angle it wasn't I
was I wasn't expecting I don't know what
else to tell you that's alright that's
fine that's fine
my favorite is the 17th anniversary
which is the furniture anniversary
that's some of them are really weird
Lisa died just trying to get you to push
pretty much we do try like we do like
and we do like vaguely attempts to keep
within the theme like you know we look
it up every year like okay what's this
year you know we're coming up on our
shit I wrote it down I'm super smart and
so we're at we're gonna be married for
for 12 years this year and so we'll look
it up you know like okay what is it you
know is this is the bronze yeah it's the
it's the leather anniversary and all
that stupid bullshit
night guys yep ah what the hell is that
crystal I have that guy's drop them I
haven't even seen one of those shit
I didn't see one of those in the whole
game oh I've sold dozens upon dozens but
I want to get room uh you're the next
cheapest thing that isn't food nice nice
that's a great one to get early on
that's great
this is a fantastic really dungeon run
yeah oh oh beef ball that's worth a
pretty penny might if you use it during
the fight but well then you can replace
one of your lesser food items either and
then either eat it or sell it smart 12th
anniversary is silk silk anniversary
okay that's easy that's easy enough it's
enclosed I'll get her a nice spider want
its diamond I can't believe they make
you buy another diamond buying diamonds
is lame you can get away with not buying
diamonds now though yeah yeah because
because you know you say you're you're
protesting the blood diamonds the you
know the diet the whole diamond craze is
just corporations you brilliant cheap
some yes no you can get it you can
easily get away with not buying diamonds
now diamonds are no longer a requirement
and you know who we have to thank for
that
Millennials well they get for something
they're good for somebody else they're
good for something
no in Dimond anniversary that's like
that's like your 50th my you know let's
let's hear that's golden anniversary
diamond something big what's funny fish
25th is silver okay
yeah diamonds are artificially rare done
so purposefully by the diamond industry
they basically just a De Beers company
right they artificially inflate the
prices they you know they use whore they
have horrible labor conditions to get
them out there you can actually that
you're gonna say them whores they have
whores
I'm sure cuz they're just those kind of
people I hear you know synthetic
diamonds are out there now nowadays but
still pretty expensive and more so a
modern trend is just no diamonds you can
get away with not using any diamonds
great this is a good dungeon run yeah
you you're getting you're getting hella
loot man you're going all the way all
the way to the end of the dungeon man
you're this is risky risky this is great
it's great until it isn't
Sh'ma yo ha says react uh cuz of rich
obsessively rewatching the doomed teaser
during your III stream
I started playing doom 2016 have you
guys watched the doom behind the music
presentation by Mick
Gordon no yeah I don't know that one
also aside from doom importance the guy
did the music oh so so just kind of like
uh what I was thinking when I made all
big do music cool us all so aside from
doom what other games do you think are
required play nothing is required doom
is just a really good game later the
fuck you want or don't play whatever the
fuck you don't want to play yeah I don't
know what's I mean there's a lot of
games I really like but I don't know if
anything I don't know if anything is
required play like I could say that
blood-borne is a required play but you
then you say well I'm not a big horror
personage the Old Republic right exactly
like there's there's a lot of games that
I really enjoyed
I think portal portal 1 is is a
masterpiece in a perfect game if I were
to make a list of games that everyone
should play that would be on my list but
I'm not saying you should play what I'm
saying and that's that's a game that I
would highly recommend to people play
because I think it's a perfect game I
think it's a more interesting question
okay go what games do you think are
overlooked what games do I think are
over overlooked and gone wrong so much
like maximum this is the under look
action platformer when it came out okay
sequels are fantastic sequels amazing so
well those signals is better it
way but nobody ever talks about or to
know another sequel that's perfect just
a perfect example of a sequel yeah so do
the Enders to which is actually getting
a PC release ooh
upcoming okay takes what what would what
there wasn't one what is very flawed and
it takes everything that worked and
makes it better and it adds up good shit
hmm okay two is the classic example of a
video game sequel that improves upon the
formula bockfest sticks box of sticks
hmm it's not good think about games I
think are underappreciated just because
you know the good you know the in in any
in any medium the good stuff generally
Rises yeah
generally speaking obviously yeah there
are there are outliers here and there
just trying to I'm just trying to go
through going through the back catalogue
no I agree that's a more interesting
question one that I don't necessarily
have an answer for unfortunately to me
one of the best game sequels is Paper
Mario the thousand-year door says konkey
89 the game was an improvement over the
first and almost everywhere you know
what
agreed those Paper Mario games are
fantastic they're they're really they're
an interesting take on the RPG genre on
the turn-based combat genre really fun
yeah I got good loot fuck it I sell
health I'm just going right to the boss
shit rich you're doing it I know I know
I'm probably gonna die and lose all of
my great loot if this were moonlighter
the the lazy game yeah I just hit the B
button to teleport home blow my stuff
yeah that's true you lose a little cash
but you get off all I there's a few
hundred parks yeah yeah
praxis I see your tip it's coming up I
did not miss it and we're just getting
through other stuff don't worry
praxis I see a cesium Mirror's Edge
didn't do as well as it should have
Mirror's Edge that that's a gamble of a
concept you're doing you're doing fast
platforming in a first-person point of
view not everyone's gonna be down with
that I get why Mirror's Edge is at the
level it's at that's a that's a tricky
thing to pull off
prophets prophets come here
you cut she just cost you 800 bucks
she cost you 800 pics I know but that
bitch but you still made it fucking
bitch
did you see how super aggressive I got
after I was pissed off I had to waste
two oranges yes that was 800 pics damn
he only lost to food that's to food I
get a sold in two days rich needs over
10,000 pics that's you know without
dollars dollars from convenience sync
your money didn't gain money a den
thousand game money you need ten
thousand dollars and so that was eight
hundred dollars that's you know that
ain't nothing yeah yeah yeah we're gonna
be friends now
yeah come by the shop I'll see you later
that was bottom floor here so oh yeah
and you get the vase yeah oh yeah that's
like 20,000 bucks yeah that thing's
great
I thing's great let it right that was
the bottom of this particular dungeon
that was the bottom yeah there's only
the first nonda toriel dungeon this
one's pretty easy grand scheme of things
and this is the only one I've ever done
yeah the only dungeon I've ever done
because really as you get on later in
the weeks you don't need to do the
dungeons at all
right Bell bell echoes we've says
honestly the dungeon is kind of a shit
way to make money I think I think in the
early game though it's incredibly useful
because it's just a way to get shit for
free I think the way I did it when if
you only do like the five floors need to
take the first exit you can yeah you
might not have loot good enough to make
it worth it if you do what I did where I
basically tackle the whole dungeon and
I'm constantly sorting through my lewd
what's what's the most expensive shit I
could take with me the whole way down
yeah I think it becomes worth it
oh yeah I mean I think it's even worth
it if you do one or two one or two
levels you know like you don't have to
do all three like you did even though if
you do all three you might get that
sweet-ass treasure vase which is awesome
oh yeah put the head in the window do it
David II know people says hey rich and
jerk you guys should play in jerk no
jerk
jo arcane oh you guys should play in
justice too now is the perfect time
because of the Incredibles - it just
came out what are some of your favorite
animated movies thanks and fuck my
Denny's hole The Incredibles up and why
leap those are three good ones those are
fun I'm fond of Little Mermaid fond of
Beauty and the Beast yeah
villains I put it Aladdin under Little
Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast
I kind of hate the Lion King I don't I
don't care much for Elton John's music
I'm sorry that's fair and I think
Simba's obnoxious and then he kind of
like changes personality midway through
off-camera and it's like not even the
same character for the second half of
the movies yeah I don't get I don't get
the Lion King you don't get it at all no
that's fair that's fair
rich would you fuck Ariel
where the fuck would you fuck a mermaid
I don't think people have thought this
through no cuz what she would do is she
would shoot out her eggs and I'd have to
you know masturbate over her and that's
how fish do it so it's not very intimate
it wouldn't work the way you would think
it would work
favorite animator ya know well Wally III
think Wally doesn't get enough love for
how great it is Wally is fantastic
doesn't it I I don't I think I think you
know everyone talks about up you know
being like top level Pixar but while
Wally is like the the first the first 20
minutes of wall-e no one speaks and is
just brilliant filmmaking yes yeah it's
amazing I could be making more money I'm
just trying to rank up you you you have
your money you're good you're you're
over 10 G and that's all you need to be
how long we were going on this game
Garin so what's her uptime a while we've
been going to wine on this game if this
clock is right somewhat up time us
please
people say that fixer movies like wall-e
and up should have won best picture but
then again it's the Academy we're
talking about here right they got all
weird when Beauty and the Beast got
nominated for an Oscar and suddenly
Hollywood didn't want animated films to
be led el eligible right and that's why
they made their own animated Oscar we're
getting that fuckit we can't risk that
happening again enough nothing our
serious our drank movies no none of your
drawings allowed mmmm basically it was
Hollywood bullshit yeah I agree
also bugs bugs is LA I wouldn't put that
out there in my favorite but I like bugs
or a bug's life
okay not not a bugs a bug's life is a
good movie yeah it's fine fine but I
felt like Pixar making a DreamWorks
movie that's what bugs felt like hmm
then another DreamWorks is really doing
animated films at the time but in
hindsight a bug's life feels like dream
work DreamWorks a DreamWorks movie
that's probably fair they were still
finding their stride is what they were
doing she was ants was ants DreamWorks
maybe ants was dream one the Woody Allen
ant movie yeah dream that was DreamWorks
apparently there's a lot of good
animated movies out there like we're
only talking you know relatively recent
ones ants looks like ass every CGI
animated movie then looked like ass
technology at the time man right tape
take a look at it take a look at Toy
Story and like oh god damn it did
somebody else buy that nice sword before
I had a chance to sell it to Lois oh
maybe ah motherfucker if I was alright
this is the guy that was down in the
dungeon with me yeah if I sold him my
nice sword I wouldn't have to bring it
with me to give him when we go in
dungeons he would just have it on him
and then I would have more inventory
space god that's obnoxious also Lois
you already have a worn sword why are
you buying another one get it together
man well he asked before a sword in
general and is the only one I have it's
the same one he already has you wonder
why you have money problems Louie this
is why no a Toy Story looks better but
look at any of the human characters in
Toy Story 1 and they're monsters yeah
Pixar avoided people for a long time
yeah they were really smart let's let's
let's make let's make characters that
look plastic and fake and don't have
hair just that easy boom done
maybe he's a Witcher rich isn't selling
any silver swords yet that was a good
dungeon run I'm happy with that
yeah doing great I'm feeling like we
should switch it however hey we're wrong
with this if you were still wrong for
this so however whatever you like okay
and I played a lot of this recently okay
cuz we did a review of it I want to play
through it once yeah let's see here I
got a let's let's go to here aimless
Corsair who says I'm always surprised by
your cinema-going experiences I've only
been to the cinema twice in the US and
both audiences were very vocal the
second being incredibly obnoxious
whereas here in the UK I find most a
cinema audience is very quiet and polite
I am constantly shocked by hearing
people's terrible movie-going
experiences because I have never almost
never had that happen
I had it happened once where where
someone was was like talking behind me
but as it turns out it was like a senile
old man but I have almost never
encountered this kind of crazy like you
know people who won't shut up and are
yelling at the screen kind of situation
in movies I don't it's it's crazy to me
that you everyone has that happen so
what you do I'm changing up games okay
because I you know what I enjoyed
playing Rocketeer but it's not a
four-hour stream game okay that's fair
he's rich playing this looks more like a
Jack game rich rich to be to spoil a
little bit of the review enjoyed
Rocketeer a bit more than I did
shockingly and why I can look past
anime and decide whether or not I like
the game concept it's crazy no I know
that's crazy
what are you doing I'm trying to change
the text okay and it brings me here
oh that's why thank you Matt yeah I see
what you did it you did it