Episode 011 
Transformers: Dark of the Moon
Original Airdate: July 19, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-transformers-dark-of-the-moon/
________________________________________________________________________
half in the bag jerks can't fix the VCR
way
hello and welcome to this whenever we
feel like half in the bag I'm Mike and
I'm Jay and we just got finished
watching transformers 3 rise of the Dark
Side of the Moon
revenge of the dark of no no it's
revenge of the Fallen moon revenge of
the moon rise of the Planet of the
revenge of the moon no were you thinking
of rise of the Silver Surfer why the
rise of the revenge rise of the Cobra
repetitively sit right raisa it is
that's the that's the the the mask movie
is there some sort of like music album
called rise of the Dark Side of the Moon
no it's just our side of the Moon it's
by Led Zeppelin who revenge of the
Fallen Silver Surfer any hole oh right
transformers 3 Annie Hall anyways
due to the film's obnoxious running time
of two and a half hours we decided to
watch the movie and shifts it seemed
like the only logical solution so I took
the first ships and watched the first
hour and 15 minutes of the movie
I'm away to work luckily I'm just first
shift today
Mike s second shift and then Mike came
over to take over my ship and watch the
remaining hour 15 minutes of the movie
my ship just ended Mike's ready to take
over and think you ready yeah see you
later good luck so I'm starting my shift
with transformers 3 it's about halfway
through the movie and I'm about to watch
it right now and we are not shooting you
we actually did this J watch the first
half and I watched the second and we are
now going to review the film having not
seen the entire film either of us well
now's the part we'll be trying to figure
out what happened in the movie odd J yes
what do you think happened in the second
half of the film well just as I left the
theater was when the action was finally
starting to kick in
mm-hm literally nothing of consequence
happens in the first hour 15 minutes
it's just set up for what you know is
gonna be elongated action from what I
understood there was Leonard Nimoy was
wearing a robot costume and he was a red
guy and there was a different guy who
was like a dumptruck
oh and he was more of a nasty guy the
dump truck was Megatron oh he's
introduced early on he's still alive I
think he died in the other one okay so
no I was wondering the whole time where
is Megatron Megatron was the dump truck
the dumpy one with like his face was
fucked up yeah yeah that was Megatron
well so with the plot what do you think
happened
spoilers um
well the whole thing was there's pillars
from from the moon that's correct
and and the Decepticons want the pillars
and just when I left the theater you
found out that Leonard Nimoy was a
traitor you thought he was on the good
side and turns out he's on the bad side
uh did he redeem himself did he become a
good guy at the Yun's did that happen or
was he just a bad guy for the rest of
the movie well what do you think I would
think he would redeem himself no he
didn't redeem himself no absque Optimus
Prime execute some really he actually
best her mercy and Optimus Prime shoots
into the face no way so there is
absolutely no character arc for that
character okay
you may lose your faith in us but never
in yourselves from here the fight would
be your own okay well what do you think
happened overall with the with the with
the pillars put the pillars um well
there was five pillars you know what
there were for it the end like if you
had all the pillars you could cause the
end of the worlds or something there's
some jargon about like you can control
the space-time continuum and shit like I
think they must have revealed that in my
half of the film because they wanted it
was very vague I didn't know what they
wanted to bring their planet uh whatever
it's called what's their home planet
calm autobot land or autobot land I
don't know if they wanted to bring their
planet through a time portal to earth
okay to kind of encompass earth or orbit
it and then they're going to use all the
humans on earth as your slave but that
no that's actually I think that's the
point where they have to put the four
pillars to shoot the lasers off they
have to plant pillar pillar shoot lasers
wait a minute in the half I saw yes
patrick dempsey becomes a turncoat and
he's working for the Decepticon Oh is
there no indications of that petrol
deputy was in one scene of the first
hour and 50s the guy who has the house
in the Milwaukee Art Museum yeah when
you meet him though they're in
Washington DC or the Milwaukee Art
Museum is in Washington DC in the
context of the movie
get back to work you lazy prick oh you
know who he works for Sam Witwicky works
for John Malkovich is John Malkovich
even in the second half of the movie no
really I don't remember seeing him what
is his character he's his boss no no he
just really I don't I don't do is just
completely I remember watching the
medics and going where was John
Malkovich yeah I don't
John Malkovich is his wacky boss because
he finally gets a job working in the
mailroom he's not it for John Malkovich
and there's a ton of time in the first
half devoted to John Malkovich and he's
just abandoned it was John Malkovich the
comic relief everyone is the comic
relief in these movies not Optimus Prime
except for Optimus Prime
find a wheelchair um the guy was in the
guy the deli owner Oh John Stehr Oh John
Tudor in a wheelchair he was in a
wheelchair this I'm gonna have the film
why was he in a wheelchair was he in an
action scene early on where he broke his
leg
no come on II must oh no I I don't
remember him ever getting injured he's
the guy who looks like like Eugene Levy
he looks a little like you'd like it
like a stretch more more handsome Eugene
Levy okay
no nothing happens to in the first half
everyone looks like a more handsome
Eugene Levy Ken Jong who is the the dude
the Asian gangster dude in the hey how
are you right I think I'm contractually
obligated to be in every movie ever now
oh but he shows up early on and he's
being Ken's on he's doing the exact same
thing he does really thing and in what
context uh he he is like a conspiracy
guy and he knows who Sam Witwicky is he
works in the same place a sandwich wiki
and there's a comical scene where
they're in a bathroom stall together and
Ken Jong is trying to together yes Ken
Jon confronts him in the bathroom stall
and tries to show him his whole
conspiracy theory thing and then John
Malkovich walks in and all he sees is
Ken Jong with his pants down and he
seems that there's there's his ears fag
shenanigans going on is his wacky
comical paranoid conspiracy theory
correct yes about yeah
it's about exactly what's going on
immediately after the gay panic scene a
Decepticon shows up and pushes Ken Jong
out a window and he falls to his death
really yeah oh that's funny yeah
everything humans know of our planet we
were told had been shared
you lied to us you've made a grave
mistake there's a small group of people
that know about the arc in the Moon
situation one of us can john what a mark
what the arc is what's on the moon and
that's where they and you know I missed
the whole moon thing okay well that's
all in the first half see the arc
obviously
or forward into the right level there's
the opening sequence which I will admit
was pretty well done which establishes
the the arc landing on the moon what is
the arc the arc is this ship that left a
transformer planet just as it was under
attack by the Decepticons so like a
Noah's Ark yeah exactly and that's where
that's where Leonard Nimoy in the robot
suit was he was on the ark um with the
Autobots there were no dip Decepticons
on the ark girl were they I don't know
who was on the ark okay really don't
stay they do have the ark in the end of
the movie in the second half okay um and
it's NASA owns it and they attach a
space shuttle to it okay I don't know
why but it's still on the moon though
right no no it's on earth it's on earth
you need to get to earth I don't know
they say NASA had it and then they the
humans and the UN decide that that
Autobots are bad guys and then that they
should leave the planet Earth okay you
do remember anything about that there's
nothing to set that up the first step
that came out of nowhere for me okay cuz
yeah I'm the first half of the movie uh
optimus prime goes to the moon to
resurrect Leonard Nimoy in the robot
suit from the ark he's still in work I
don't know why didn't he do that in the
first two phone I don't know
maybe we're to assume that at some point
NASA got it off the moon and brought it
down to earth and there's some sort of
from no no no because the art was not
what the Decepticons came or what the
Autobots came to earth on so that must
be said they escape the planet not that
not often is Prime in them they left on
a different ship so there is still ships
they knew that there was going to be a
problem because after they escaped is
when the Decepticons spring their trap
okay chiz we're going to for no reason
at all tactic ah go and make Chicago a
base of operations to shoot lasers into
the sky from the pillars and Chicago
will become our new super fortress for
our new planet that we're going to have
that's going to be a robot planet where
humans are slaves to us for no reason
okay once Chicago gets all blowed up
yeah then they say we have to get to
Chicago to turn off the pillars okay and
Plus also Patrick Dempsey steals Sam
Witwicky keys girlfriend named Gisele
blunder Singh yes not Megan Fox no I
said her name she's all blunders sir no
just so one b√ºndchen was a model in
like the early 90s okay anyways this
chick has amazing lips oh the hot girl
Gisele wondersin says Megatron Levin
Nimoy in a robot suit is you're his
bitch that was her exact words and then
Megatron goes and beats up Leonard Nimoy
and then robot suit guy what's his name
Optimus whatever he goes I'm going to
get you and he hits them with the sword
and then the other guy shows up and hits
the other bad guy and then Sam Witwicky
shows off on those Optimus optimus from
gets dharm ripped off okay then Sam
Witwicky goes we did it and Optimus
Prime goes sometimes your allies can
turn on you but we will always be here
to protect you from bad things and then
goes Mike directed by Michael
during the ending as all the action is
progressing I was picturing transformers
3 Rises the dark fallen moon yes I was
picturing the film and screenplay format
and screened screenplay writer going
writing it and it's like Sam look out
sixteen and a half pages of explicit
slang in the action yeah this is our
glaziers shoot off into outer spaces the
planet comes into the galaxy and the
deserves Elizabeth and then the next
line is Optimus and then the next line
Sam Witwicky says hold on excellent
Annie as he grabs gentleman Punderson
spoon dressen's optimus you were one of
the chosen
no I was one of the ones who had the
vision to help the humans Optimus no die
now and then they explode
sometimes our allies turn on us but we
will always
well that leads us to the broader
picture of all the Transformers films
and the Michael Bay phenomenon yes as it
is which is the you know as some have
called it the death of cinema or you
know the lowering of the IQ or the lack
of attention span or whatever whatever
you know phrase you want to put on it
yeah it's fairly apparent to me that the
films are devoid of substance they're
pandering they fill every possible
cliche you can put in a movie yeah
they're something stupid dumb but you
can't complain about them if you go and
see them for me once
fool me once shame on you fool me twice
shame on me
exactly three times you get a
Transformers 3 michael bay wants to make
transformers 3 and if there's an
audience for it so be it what does not
exist are the art police that go this is
terrible stop yeah if there's an
audience for it and and yes it might be
slowly degrading the the intellectual
artistic you know community like but
just don't go watch it so if you pay to
see a product that you know is inferior
that has a history a long history and
the newer stuff sucks and you know it's
going to suck but you are still willing
to pay for it what you are doing is
encouraging more movies like that to get
made
that's right Jam
you see I see Michael Bay films
especially the Transformers films as
like like a bully and and for people
that complain about them endlessly and
complain about them you say well did you
see it yeah oh did you pay to see yeah
so it's like it's like a bully you how
do you how do you stop a bully you
ignore them you ignore them so
I'm sorry here's my question to you yes
in the in the late seventies early
eighties with the rise of Steven
Spielberg and George Lucas and those
times when the film snobs of the 70s
were crying the death of cinema with
things like jaws and Star Wars and is
this the second wave of that and if it
is how much worse can possibly get I I
wouldn't call these movies the death of
cinema because it goes in waves I mean
you look at like what happened in the
70s like all of a sudden you know Easy
Rider was a big movie and so the
studio's were like fuck there must be
something to this let's let the
filmmakers do whatever they want and you
end up with things like taxi driver and
movies like that so right now we're at a
point where there's movies like
transformers and the zookeeper
it'll take a turn at some points ok I
I'm a little more optimistic than just
saying that movies like this or the
Delft cinema when I was watching the
film as we discussed earlier the the two
12 year old kids in the front row that
were um on Twitter yeah and as I was
watching the movie and and there's all
there's robots fighting each other and
explosions and the Chicago being blown
up and blah blah blah
and he's like oh I got a stop and text
message this person yeah and and all I
was thinking about was yes this is
horribly stupid and yes you know
attention deficit disorder and blah blah
blah but if the film itself had a really
compelling story regardless of Twitter
and Facebook and whatever the kid was
doing if it had a really compelling
story he probably would have stopped and
watched it yeah so there is still hope
no sure luck sure if you can still make
a movie that is compelling plot and
compelling characters because I've
watched lots of screenings of
where people just kind of like trail off
and they get bored but then there's that
one thing that someone makes that's
really engaging yeah it just kind of
goes and watches it and gets really
engrossed in what's happening yeah and
regardless of CGI or special effects or
whatever newfangled technology is
happening on-screen or fast paced
editing or whatever as long as it's like
one scene leads to the next I'm curious
about what's happening it's it's human
curiosity and then delimit and that's
what engages you it's the it's the core
of a story and it dates back to the
beginnings of human civilization so
what's going to happen next
yeah and no matter what excitement you
put on the screen it's what's going to
happen next is all that matters
and Michael Bay does not have the what's
going to happen next what I don't know
to me what's baffling is the people that
aren't complete dummies that aren't
complete idiots that still trying to
fend stuff like this they say well what
were you expecting I've been noticing
that happening a lot more lately if they
say well what yours collecting but they
go watch it yeah and then no that's what
I'm saying this the people that defend
something like transformers where they
say what were you expecting so Michael
Bay movie I just wanted to see some
action and some explosions but then the
other problem is the people that when
something intelligent or relatively
well-made comes out they say it's
overrated it's the internet thing
something like Inception or like Dark
Knight or movies like that that you just
burned a lot of people by saying
Inception I'm sure I did but that's the
thing it's like you know it's a it's a
straightforward action movie but it's
not insulting and drought idiotic yes
the same people that talk about how
terrible transformers is will say that
inception is overrated
so you end up with that mentality of
like you can't please anybody but that's
that to me is the biggest problem is
the mentality of like everything is
terrible everything is either awful and
aimed at eats or everything is overrated
and there's nothing in between
nobody can just enjoy anything
so after everything we've said I still I
don't know I don't know what your
recommendation is gonna be would you
recommend transformers 3 to a human I
would recommend this movie that people
that like action who are you talking to
there's a camera there what I would
recommend this movie to people that like
action but I would recommend coming in
after the first hour and 20 minutes what
it looks like to me is just a guy who
likes action he likes hot babes
he likes fast cars he likes explosions
yes and he doesn't really care what the
context is or the substance no and he
wants to see all of those things in
action right which is of course taking
one concept or a joke and doing it so
much or so over-the-top to where it
becomes pointless or self-indulgent
rights you can't do something that's
that self-indulgent because it just
becomes juvenile after a certain yelling
it's a juvenile is a good word
yeah because juvenile makes me think of
like like poop our our pee jokes yeah
our fart jokes or something like that
where someone finds a fart joke or a
poop joke funny and they they take it
over the top yeah and it's rag it out
yeah yeah they said at the same time
because you know we know exactly what
we're talking we know exactly what we
would never want to do drag about yeah
drag get out
who is it it's mailman Tommy oh fuck
every time that guy comes here he's got
some kind of fucking attitude problem
I'll get it okay you can stop knocking
now I only knocked once what the fuck
watch hey Mike J has the VCR business
yeah it's fine what do you watch well
got this package here for mr. blinken
can one of you guys sign for it did just
give it to me I'll take it to him yeah
thanks okay all right yeah bye
hey dick bag yep you want to close the
fucking door behind you or what
absolutely have a good old house all
right bye Fi what do you think you are a
nerve of that guy
no what is that I don't know but it is
heavy national medical supplies yeah it
says return to sender hmm mailing it
back to him what's that doing here I
just sent that out last week um the
mailman was just here he he's returning
it to you what he can't return that
that's a defective medical product and I
deserve a refund oh god oh god what is
it
that's my used colostomy pack
Oh
all
Oh
Oh
hey guys I forgot up
