Episode 012
Captain America and The Rocketeer
Original Airdate: July 24, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-captain-america-and-the-rocketeer-2/
______________________________________________________________________________

half in the bag our got problems inside
of my brain looks like Betty White's
gonna die soon
good morning mr. blinken we got here
early to start our shift yeah
you know I'm paying you 250 dollars now
or to fix my VCR not sit around and do
nothing all day what are you talking
about mr. Plinko we've made plenty of
progress on the VCR look the only
progress I'm seeing around here is you
two Yahoo's drink at all by beer now
that is a lie we buy our own beer look
I'm going to the doctor for my weekly
brain scan now you two Schmucks haven't
cleaned up all these beer bottles by the
time I get back I'm gonna fire the both
of ya god it's oh shit yeah yeah I don't
wanna get fired
have you seen Captain America I have
Captain America's Marvel's latest
feature-length teaser trailer for The
Avengers movie and it's a world war 2
era action movie about the origin of
Captain America Mike what did you think
of the movie um I thought it was the
origin film of Captain America I enjoyed
the first half of the film and then I
hated the second half and there was lots
of things that I did not like about the
film I really wanted to like this movie
what did you think I had a similar
reaction and that I went into this movie
with really no expectations whatsoever I
don't know anything about Captain
America and so watching it the movie
starts off really exciting and really
sort of charming I was so excited to be
enjoying a movie a big movie like this
and then after the origin story sort of
wraps up there's still another 40
minutes where it's like they didn't know
what to do yeah and just meanders around
for a while well unlike you I went into
the movie with expectations hmm because
a lot of the more recent superhero
movies have not been superhero movies
like Thor and the Green Lantern and
movies like that where it's like a
really kind of off-the-wall character
and we haven't had a movie where there's
an actual superhero in a long time yeah
even Superman Returns was not a Superman
he's dark and torture yeah yeah this is
like okay well I was kind of hoping for
the let's go get on boy is kind of like
classic a classic superhero movie and
this one dealt with those themes in the
movie
and he was a classic superhero but it
the movie got bogged down on a lot of
other things that it didn't need
something about Captain America it just
kind of felt like that's the guy you
want to be so let's talk a little bit
about structure and specifically the
structure of superhero movies this one
sort of falls prey to something that's a
lot of superhero movies do which is the
first half of the movie is the origin
story sending up the character learning
his backstory learning how he became the
character that he is and in the second
half it's like they never know what to
do with it it's like oh shit we have 30
minutes still to fill 40 minutes to fill
he fights some bad guys spider-man has
that problem Batman Begins Iron Man it's
got it's the origin story conundrum
Batman Begins is a good example because
the first half of that is from training
and then the second half is like some
hackneyed plot to spray gas all over the
city
and then like schlock plot I think that
was the main problem with the film was
that the second half Captain America had
nothing to do the the ending of the
movie was like came out of nowhere it's
like oh I guess we're at the final
action sequence well yeah when that
happened I was like is this the end what
happened Captain America feels like a
movie that was four hours and they cut
two and a half hours out of it Captain
America and the love interest character
they're like okay now they're in love
wait what happened when should they have
the moment yeah where they kind of like
realize that they were in love with each
other she's never happened she's the
love interest because she's the girl in
the movie yeah and now red skeletons
doing this he has these he has all these
factories all of a sudden and then and
then and then we stop and we take ten
minutes to have a scene where Tommy Lee
Jones a minor character interrogate the
the scientist character another minor
character yeah and we already know the
information we know that the scientist
guy works for the red skeleton and he
knows about this and that and we know
what Tommy Lee Jones is yeah but we have
to sit there and watch them and it's
like we know this information
this isn't interesting yeah and plus we
have to watch timely Jonesy to steak
yeah in a complete silence and hear all
the squishing and swallowing sounds and
it's like why is this scene in the movie
why is it seven minutes long and why are
we not devoting this time to yeah
Captain America well that scene happen
happens and then immediately after it's
like it cuts back to Captain America and
he's like let's go get him and then it
just starts with action it's like it's
rushing through everything with the
Captain America character yeah well a
good note on that would be he Captain
America kind of takes it into his own
hands to go off and save a bunch of like
POWs yeah he comes back and he's like
you know okay I did that I'm
surrendering myself the disciplinary
action time which was like no that's all
right and then the next scene Captain
America is in like a full dress uniform
and he's like pointing things out on a
map with Tommy Lee Jones and I'm like
when did he become a general like when
what is he making like executive
decisions like that in the military yeah
and it's like were there five scenes in
between it and then it's like the next
scene is like oh you didn't call me last
night it's like wait a minute when did
these two develop a relationship they
never did yeah and so it felt like all
these parts were missing it becomes what
a lot of movies have been this summer
and the first half wasn't like that
which raised my expectations but then it
turns into it which is a series of
things that happen yeah that's all it is
there's no build up there's no setup and
payoff it's just a series of things that
happen and that's not very compelling no
that's the perfect way to describe it
it's there there are no like they had
steaks in the movie it's like okay Red
Skelton wants to take over the world but
that's it yeah but that's it I mean that
there were there were very obvious
themes of you know
self-sacrifice being a hero you know I
mean it was a very obvious visual
metaphor about how strength comes from
within right because he was a weakling
in the beginning and he had the spirit
more so than all the other strong guys
yeah and then there's some there's a
little mini subplot with his best friend
character how they kind of have a role
reversal the best friend character is
kind of the tough guy he's the lady's
man and and then of course Steve Rogers
becomes Captain America and he's strong
and fit and the ladies like him now and
and the other guy becomes insecure about
it and
kind of dies at the fault of Captain
America he's he he picks up a shield and
he's like you know I could do this to
the other guy and he gets killed yeah
and so Captain America feels guilty
about that and that's pretty much it as
far as characterization and there's no
like personal connection between Captain
America and Red Skelton it's just like
it's it's almost bewildering it feels
like a script that eight different
people wrote and they solve it I mean
probably the case and and it's a shame
let's move on to just a look of the
movie visual effects the overall style
of the movie and and how it really kind
of failed well just from a shooting
standpoint I was really impressed early
on with how traditionally shot the movie
was yeah we shot a very traditional
competent not a obnoxious way like a lot
of movies are now you knew what was
happening you knew where the characters
were would in relation to each other
spatial relations that's kind of thing
and I appreciated that like something
that just calm down and let the movie
happen and let you know where people
were but then the special effects
started to take over and every time
there was a big action scene it looked
like sky captain in the world tomorrow
where there's the actors in front of a
green screen and then they put him into
jumping down a train or jumping away
from explosions and I was expecting it
to be a little more natural as far as
like stunts real stunts real facts you
know pyrotechnics I was expecting that
and especially because of the period
that the movie takes place in it's
jarring when those effects obvious
effects keep cropping up that is the
perfect word jarring yes because the
second half of the film was very jarring
to me visually as well as character
basically everything falls apart yeah
except for action scene every aspect of
the movie falls apart except for the
fact that you can tell who's punching
who right yes
which doesn't happen in the Transformers
with you don't know who's punching who
yes the first half of the film really
worked for me because they did the
propaganda
shows about buying war bonds yeah and
there was even montage sequences that
were added in the way of a montage
sequence from an old movie like the old
newsreel yeah thing and and that was a
lot of fun and it was it was really
clever yeah and the second half of the
film I was really kind of hoping for
like you were hoping for a really kind
of classic action movie yeah um where
Captain America is there with like world
war two soldiers red skeleton is a Nazi
he has current era Nazi technology tanks
and stuff but he's just really strong
and a bad guy in buh-buh-buh
but the where the movie kind of went off
the rails for me was that glowing power
cube of doom
yes um which red skeleton of course
finds the glowing cube of destruction
and he has a brilliant scientist who has
these advanced futuristic designs that
he wants to do but doesn't have the
power to do them yeah blah blah blah
blah resulting in laser guns and tanks
that look like they're from the future
and tanks that look like they're from
the future which has nothing to do with
glowing power you could mix styles or
visuals like but what are those people
called steampunk the steam punks yeah
and something that was period based yeah
that could have been realistically made
in 1940 well that's yeah you look at it
and it's like there's these giant laser
guns and tanks and they all look like
they're from the future but they're made
by World War 2 era scientists yeah why
do the weapons look like they're from
the future well the very nature of the
movie does need a sci-fi element where
you know there's some serum that turns
you into a super soldier sure but that's
it the thing I like about Captain
America is it's a superhero during world
war ii and we didn't need technology we
didn't need laser blasts giant tanks
flying machines that that would have
been cool fusing nazi and he had like
1940s technology kind of weapons you
know but they went to sci-fi around
and it just visually was a clash so in
keeping with kind of the visuals and the
visual style there's lots of political
correctness in the movie the lack of the
swastika yes a lack of American flags
and then the fact that the red skeleton
was not a Nazi he was from some sort of
offshoot organization called the Hydra
yeah and which technically were were
from Hitler's Germany but but it's a way
to have your films not have swastikas on
them through the whole movie right now
and then that's another thing it's like
I want to see American flags and
swastikas clash classic glasses look and
and and a guy with a red skull head in a
Nazi uniform it's cool villain yeah
and then I don't think I saw a single
swastika on the whole movie I saw one
early on I don't remember what part it
was but I remember making a point in my
brain that I saw one yeah because I
expected to not see one it seemed to
take this approach that like patriotism
or vilifying your enemies was like not
politically correct yeah it felt like it
was walking on eggshells the old movie
yeah and Captain America all sudden has
a racially diverse group of super
soldiers that help him there's there's
an Irish guy an English guy a French guy
there is a black guy and there's a Asian
guy yeah who has like an emo haircut and
and it's like what the only thing it's
missing is someone in a wheelchair right
right or a woman a woman or a woman
there wasn't a woman ever needed to be a
Latino it's always a Latino woman right
not that there's anything wrong with
racial diversity I'm all for it but this
was world war ii i don't think there was
even racially integrated troops during
world war ii like where black soldiers
follow along side white soldiers like
when they have this that shot in the
forest where all the soldiers were
gathering around captain america there
was like five or six black guys mixed in
in it and visually it looked like
vietnam that to me because that was kind
of the visual style of vietnam i mean
black soldiers fought in world war ii
they even fought the civil war but they
add their own segregated units
and you know or they were kind of like
the cooks and stuff like that and you
know again not being racist but that's
historically accurate yeah and then
there's like a the Asian guy and he's
like I'm from Fresno and I'm like okay
shouldn't you be in an internment camp
and when they kind of pander or do
things like that in a movie especially
if it's a historical movie it's
offensive to the intellect to be fair it
wasn't a film about World War two it was
a film that took place in World War two
it wasn't like the story of this
regiment world war two then it's like
okay you have to be yea accurate it was
a fantasy movie that took place in World
War two so there is a bit of a leeway to
kind of do stuff like that but the fact
that they feel like they have to is sort
of just I don't know the asian guy with
the emo haircut who was talking on a
cell phone
threw me out of the movie house he seems
so final thoughts would you recommend
Captain America the First Avenger the
Avenger really
yes a begrudging recommendation for a
summer blockbuster type movie it's it's
pretty good it's not horribly offensive
or stupid it's probably the least
insulting one I've seen this summer so I
would recommend the movie to based
solely on the strength of the first half
I thought the first half of the movie
was really a lot of fun and really well
done yeah
and if you were a fan of Captain America
which I I'm not I don't know anything
about Captain America but if you are
you'll probably get more out of this
than we did yeah yeah it's it's worth
the price of admission
for a 45-minute long movie that's the
first half yes you can look at the
second half as like a visual effects
reel for future Captain America movies
or just if you want to shut your brain
off and watch dumb
yeah or just leave the theater and go
watch the second half of friends with
benefits so after seeing Captain America
we had the urge to revisit the Rocketeer
which is one of my favorite movies
ignore the naysayers who say I mean cuz
the movie flopped the movie didn't do
well and no one really talks about it
much anymore and I I had never seen the
whole thing I'd seen bits of it on cable
when I was little so watching it the
whole thing straight through it felt
like like movie magic
go get him kid I've watched The
Rocketeer a lot of times but revisiting
it after seeing Captain America a lot of
things stood out most notably that there
are scenes that makes sense with a goal
with a goal yeah we were watching it and
there's there was a scene like and it's
like okay the scene starts laughs no not
again Phoebe Pat the city is looking for
us now I can fly to that nightclub in
five minutes nobody can follow him take
a cab the only place this thing is going
is back to the feds
it has characters in it that have things
to do and there's information that's
given to you that advances the plot and
that girl meets more meaning I love her
peeve and then it ends all right baby
stand clear
and it's like oh that was beautiful
it wasn't just a thing happened yeah I
was a scene happened and everything in a
movie every little things should
progress the story and no no fault to
Joe Johnson ours direction I think it's
the script Oh with the Captain America
movie absolutely that's what I'm like
I've seen before I was impressed
visually with Captain America how its
shot very classic and traditional and
you know what's happening so yeah it's I
don't think it's his fault it's just
that it had a script written by by 25
different people I'm sure yeah all these
uncredited writers and it just becomes a
mess a lot of movies recently are like
I've been feeling like that yeah Indiana
Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal
Skull that felt like 16 people wrote it
and we're shoving in things yeah the
place and we were discussing
transformers before and um and how if
you watch the old cartoon show the toys
were thought up first
and essentially the cartoon show was a
30-minute long ad for the toys yeah and
they've said this on the commentary of
Transformers DVDs is that yeah we just
wanted to sell toys right and and that's
fine and these movies now just feel like
we want to make money yeah wouldn't you
know we want to make a 90 minutes of
film that is an assembly of things that
happen that we can put into a trailer to
get you into the theater to pay your
money and watch our film it so we got it
it's a 90-minute long commercial for
itself it's like a McDonald's
cheeseburger it's imitating a burger
yeah it's made of chemicals and and
processed meats yeah and and things that
are developed in a laboratory and looks
like a burger it tastes like a burger
it's not really
and that's what Captain America felt
like like it's a movie it looks like a
movie there's actors in it and it's like
a baby yeah but it's not really a movie
right it resembles one it very closely
resembles a movie yeah and and it's but
it's missing those core ingredients like
a McDonald's hamburger is missing its
core ingredient which is probably real
meat um it's also a Joe Johnston
directed film from what I understand
that movie is the reason he got the job
directing Captain America Oh was on the
strengths of that movie okay yeah
because it's a very similar movie a lot
of similarities and a good thing to
watch for the sake of contrasts as far
as story story structure scripts
execution basically everything that fell
apart in Captain America worked
perfectly yeah in the Rockets here The
Rocketeer is is a simple movie but it's
very effective yeah it's a very solid
script and and it has a good origin part
and a good second part where the rocket
tear has to do stuff yeah fill in what
happens then what happens in the second
part is informed by the first part at
all
it all congeals into a coherent story
that flows every character has their
specific direction and it all comes to
us to a point at the end where it's
satisfying things are set up early on in
the movie that pay off later there are
things like I loved that at the ending
he the rock tier defeats the bad guy in
a clever way yes the use his wits and
it's also he does it in a way that set
up multiple times earlier in the movie
is the opening bit with the gum on the
plane and he's is the gum to cover the
hole in the rocket pack and the end sees
that to beat the bad guy
he's like just beat him up he didn't
just punch him or shoot him when he begs
for from for mercy oh that's the end of
transformers right yes you take
something like The Rocketeer well it
doesn't have quite as much action or
visual effects it's very it's more
entertaining to watch it's more
satisfying more satisfying because
everything pays off every character has
clear motivations
yeah there's twist in the end that's
interesting and you care about the
Rocketeer and you know what he's trying
to do yes and there's a conclusion with
Captain America you don't know what he's
trying to do yeah other than stop the
bus stop the bad guy yeah that's when I
think of that movie that's all I think
of is you're bad and I have to stop you
and things are bad when we have to cite
The Rocketeer as this complex
storytelling
The Rocketeer he wasn't there something
we were supposed to do talk about
Captain America no no beer no something
Plunkett said before he left I speaking
of blanket I think he's coming home
right now here his car oh shit we were
supposed to clean up all these beer
bottles he said he'd fire us if we
didn't Oh hot damn you're right what are
we gonna do now um wait I have an idea
oh we did the opposite of what we were
supposed to do
