Episode 015
Chicago Comic Con 2011
Original Airdate: August 26, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-chicago-comic-con/
____________________________________________________________

half in the bag I'm so sick of talking
about movie nurse naughty I don't think
she's a real nurse hey hey sorry I'm
late but just got back from the
Cleveland Comic Con I had to get Lou
Ferrigno's autograph oh yeah yeah I just
didn't have time when we were in Chicago
and he so rarely does conventions so
what are you working on oh I just
mounted a shelf remember all the cool
stuff all the other vendors at Chicago
Comic Con were giving us no I don't
really it just happens
well anyway I thought it'd be cool to
display it all here well you realize
that this is not your house right that
you probably shouldn't be mounting a
shelf in someone else's house what are
you talking about what you're doing is
is unethical and illegal so if these
people gave us this stuff what did we
give them in return it wasn't money was
it oh god no oh thank god we gave them
copies of our movie feeding frenzy don't
you remember anything you know all this
stuff is pretty neat I wonder what all
those vendors thought a feeding frenzy
hello and welcome to half in the bag I'm
Mike and I'm Jay and on this episode
we'll be recapping our recent trip to
the Chicago Comic Con that's right it
was four days of madness comic books Q&A;
panels artists celebrities and Ray Park
and of course as always we brought along
our trusty video camera to document the
weekend's event
hey we're at the 2011 Chicago Comic Con
this is separating Comic Con just
started there's a baby and a thing I'll
go home we've got two more days of
exciting comic book adventures - so Mike
what is Comic Con Comic Con is basically
a giant room where everyone tries to
take your money mm-hmm it's also a place
where you could meet your favorite comic
book artists celebrities or you know
browse some of the dealer tables and
look for useless junk you don't need hey
everybody here I am standing next to a
whole bunch of future landfill if you're
looking for a little Niki action figure
it's the place to be
so Jay what was your general impression
of the Chicago Comic Con I it was fun it
was very crowded very very crowded we've
done a few of these conventions but not
one that was quite this big before and
definitely the biggest it was definitely
the biggest thing it was packed here in
2000
might be in this area
so for those of you who have never been
to comic-con and I assume most of our
viewers probably have it generally
breaks down like this there's a section
which we call the celebrity Zoo welcome
to the celebrity zoo where careers come
to die which features actors and
entertainers and people like that that
will sign autographs for you and you can
talk to them they will do this for free
Oh
for free I don't think that's what you
meant to say you're right I'm sorry what
I meant to say was cash but for free you
can have Christopher Lloyd Chu food in
your face so yeah the the celebrity zoo
section is very odd it feels like a zoo
like it's called or a museum where
everyone has their little display and
their name is there and it's very like
you feel awkward like you don't want to
make eye contact with them unless you're
willing to give them money yeah and you
feel weird going up to them and just
chatting yeah and then like walking away
without buying something like you've
wasted their time because you know
that's what they're thinking you've
blocked their table from potential other
customers and they're just like looking
down with their pictures yeah I'm gonna
buy something I can buy something it
feels like it's a forced human
interaction mm-hm it's I don't know it's
psychologically it's a little strange
because they do look like they're things
on display yeah remember this person
from this show here they are in this
section yeah especially when there's
nobody around their table then it really
feels like a the unloved exhibit at the
Museum
so I used to go to Star Trek conventions
a lot I said that out loud you're
actually admitting to that yeah I did
when I was younger and they were
creation entertainment conventions and
they're a little different because there
was always like one big celebrity that
would come one big Star Trek star one or
two you know and then the day would go
or you know you'd get led into the
convention and you'd go around and buy
things and there would be a couple
little events happening they play a
music video or they would do trivia or
something like that but everything would
lead up to like 5:00 p.m. when the the
Star Trek star would come onstage talk
for a bit do a QA and then they would
sign autographs at a table at the end
okay everyone would get in line and it
would feel kind of like a big event
sure and and comic-con's a little
different I understand the difference
like when you have so many stars you
know you can't do that but that's why it
feels weird it felt more like an event
like here's the big star but when you
when you reduce them to sitting in a
cage that you can just walk by and
ignore them yeah and it's like why would
these actors like sign up do this you
have to think like it as the desperate
for cash yeah and that's that's another
thing that runs through your mind too
and and it does feel like you're
exploiting them yeah like you're putting
someone on display it's it's almost like
modern-day slavery
you
you know where I could find a copy of
the Star Wars Holiday Special
hi I'd like to buy a copy of the Star
Wars Holiday Special
don't have it sorry mr. Lucas don't
alright alright
hi I'd like to purchase a copy of the
Star Wars Holiday Special
15:15
like
hi my name is Paul Paul Superman do you
have any copies of the Star Wars Holiday
Special first video there you go
I'll take every one you have
I would like purchase this 15
that's okay thank you
I feel any copies of the Star Wars
Holiday Special
Yeah right there onion
Wow we're in the dealer space and this
place is huge
I mean it's got to take up at least a
thousand square feet I mean look at all
this stuff you can find everything some
junk to garbage the vendor area is
interesting it's kind of like we had
mentioned the celebrities ooh feels like
a museum and the vendor area is similar
it's like a pop culture museum is just
walking around and seeing all these old
toys and these action figures that you
didn't even know existed or didn't
remember and and it's it's interesting
it's fun but I would never ever spend
any money on any of that stuff I think
you'd have to be kind of an idiot to
blow all your money and all this little
cheap crap but what did you think of the
vendor area oh I thought it was awesome
really because I found something I've
been looking for for a long time this
William T Riker action figure you spent
a hundred and eighty five dollars on
that oh god no I stole it
there's a lot of Star Wars titles here
Star Wars deleted magic
oh I'd pick up a copy of this but I
won't
and lastly the most stupidest part of
comic-con is the artists alley hey
everybody we're here in the artists
alley and that's where you going to find
artists and creators and writers of
comic books which is really the heart of
comic-con and that's why the artists
alley is located all the way in the back
where nobody can find it
well Jay speaking of the artists alley
we finally got to meet Freddie Williams
who is an illustrator for DC Comics and
he did the artwork for the movie poster
for our film feeding frenzy
do you mind you fucking asshole what's
the problem
i frightened my face Oh was this in your
way yeah I'm sorry I didn't even notice
I'll move it to a better spot that's
better
hi I'm here with DC Comics artist
Freddie Williams how you doing today
Freddie I'm doing great
Freddie was the guy who drew the cover
art for our film feeding frenzy
oh uh Matt yeah well um what was it like
you know designing the characters and
the layout and and all the artwork and
how did that go for you agreeing to do
this was probably the worst mistake of
my career that movie is fucking horrible
would you like a copy
No
no not really
all joking aside though Freddy is a
really cool guy and it was great to meet
him in person
we stopped by our booth we chatted a lot
and and he actually signed our poster
for us which was pretty cool
even cooler was when he helped us knife
that homeless guy behind the Convention
Center we also ran into our old friend
and Toronto's only sexy nerd girl hey
everybody we're here with the one and
only sexy nerd girl how are you doing
today I'm doing good are you doing Mike
I'm doing great how's the convention for
you so far it's great that's right Jane
it was a good thing that she was there
because I had some very important
information to tell her well listen the
reason why I stopped you and wanted to
to talk to you was because I have a
friend um you know he's kind of
interested in you um he would like to
take you out to dinner sometime um he
wanted to know if you're single um yeah
his name is rich Evans okay great
Wow do you know who he is rich Evans
I don't oh I also ran into warf warf are
you doing today it is hot in here but
it's hot on Kronos I see you have the
traditional Klingon blade yes and I had
just a moment to ask him an important
question now today did you happen to
bring you our purple space bazooka my
what your giant purple space bazooka
that you shoot in Star Trek insurrection
no I left that back on the show oh well
so the Chicago Comic Con it was a lot of
fun but boy it was a hectic couple of
days it was busy it was a constant
struggle of being at the booth and
making time to talk to everybody that
wanted to talk to us but then still
getting away from the booth to go shoot
things yeah it always seemed like there
was something happening that we're
missing yeah there's so much going on
it's like all these big stars were there
like Patrick Stewart and Bruce Campbell
was also there got to mention him yeah
um and and the ladies of the Evil Dead
movie were there so they had them all
together they did a Q&A; panel which is
one of the things we were able to catch
yes yes which was exciting because I'm a
big Evil Dead fan and those guys are
pros when it comes to the q and A's
Bruce Campbell is a master yes he's also
a master of showing complete contempt
for the people asking questions and
everybody's still loving him for it
during Evil Dead QA Bruce Campbell did
briefly talk about the upcoming Evil
Dead remake he'll be acaba and maybe
with a young filmmaker who is more
experienced than we were when we make
the first one we'll be casting more
experienced actors that we had so I
don't see how it could be any worse
and someone did ask him the question
that I had was he ever going to play
Ashe again and another Evil Dead film a
lot of Q&A; as I really would like to see
as well you know Patrick Stewart Lou
Ferrigno who wouldn't want to miss that
but don't forget Jay we did manage to
interview at least one celebrity hey
we're here with levar burton from TV
Star Trek The Next Generation how're you
doing today
excuse me this is the line for the
restroom
you
are you sure this is the line for the
restroom
yeah
or
the so Chicago Comic Con it was fun it
was nice to meet everybody that came up
to the booth and and run around and see
weird things I enjoyed the experience
but it was really exhausting and it was
really crowded yeah like when we went to
see the Evil Dead panel we came back and
our booth was just completely trashed
right right yeah must have been on just
a crowd of people and you know in the
walkway and just something happen it's
just I don't know that's what happens
when you put a bunch of nerds in a big
room
