The Grabowski's Christmas Eve Special
September 16, 2007
http://redlettermedia.com/the-grabowskis-season-4/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXlPxU1UKDg

Intro: There are some good times, and there some bad times, too. But for us it's, it's mostly bad. The Grabowskis.
Cliff: What the fuck? 
Honey: Why did you do that? I was decorating that. that was
her Christmas tree what are you talking
about our Christmas tree you know I
bought this fake one because you didn't
want to get a real one a real one
there's barely enough room in here for
my bowflex okay the only exercise you've
ever gotten off that thing over there is
when you dragged it into the apartment
and it costs three thousand dollars look
it was the bowflex forget Sammy's brain
medicine and I think I made the right
choice besides what do you care about
Christmas you spent last Christmas
puking up blood in the discount bin at
big lots yes but I thought that since
we've had Sammy things should be a
little different I mean this is the
first Christmas since sandy has come out
of my vagina and we thought that maybe
he should have a normal Christmas unlike
the kind that I had when I was growing
up you know like no swearing no punching
none of the state presents none of the
violent gang related knife fights under
the grandmother got run over by a Mack
truck look I know that we're both
welfare moms but I just want our child
to have a normal healthy Christmas just
like all the other children in the world
honey christmas is just another day Oh
actually it's one of the only days I'll
let a fat guy in a red suit come in in
the middle of the night my wife but it's
just another day no it's not just
another day it's a day where you're
supposed to spend time with your family
are supposed to love your neighbor
you're supposed to celebrate the birth
of Sir Isaac Newton and it's the day
you're supposed to give gifts you know I
don't know if you remember this or not
but last Christmas you actually gave me
a gift I did
and it was a ten dollar gift card of
sweatpants depot but there's a good
friend less and it showed that you
actually cared a little bit well yes I
do care about Christmas and about you
you know what's the greatest gift of all
math Oh stupid crack rock no funny a
sneeze guard on a salad bar achoo no
stupid our little miracle yeah so is
this Christmas honey no technically
tomorrow's Christmas and tonight is
Christmas Eve Oh tomorrow I'm going to
the Indian casino so you did take a
little miracle and shove them back up
your dusty vagina heat guess some things
never change Merry Christmas
