Jan 6, 2008
s04e03 - Alien Force
youtube.com/watch?v=kXlPxU1UKDg
redlettermedia.com/the-grabowskis-season-4

Intro: There are some good times, and there some bad times, too. But for us it's, it's mostly bad. The Grabowskis.
Fragnon: Greetings, my human Frag-Cliff.
Cliff: Fragnon, what's up, my brother from another planet?
Fragnon: Hey, mind if I?
Cliff: Of course, Fragnon. Mi casa es su casa. Welcome back to Milwaukee.
sake what would you like to try some
space math I'll take a pass on that but
thanks hey your loss so frag nan how are
things at the black snores eltron these
days oh don't get me started yesterday
flagman said I want 28 quilt ours but
quick what Mars this Creek so yesterday
I went to the subconscious yard and i
said no way that isn't gonna clog Oh 38
huh yeah what's so sub sent aeneus
football I hear your brother I hear you
so cliff yeah occasionally I monitor
your earth transmissions yeah I was
wondering if I could obtain the
coordinates for the one you call hair na
Montana I would like to make unsolicited
raping her Oh him oh honey um this is
fragged on he's from the planet Greg
door every now and then he likes to drop
in you know just to hang out have a beer
why yes I can transport over 12 million
parsecs with this my transportation
device ah that lurks my client know
every time yeah he just likes to hang
out here well I find it pleasant and
relaxing to talk human and to share a
beer with your mate cliff in addition to
other earth past times that I enjoy I'm
sorry did I say that out loud what I
meant was cliff can I talk to you for a
moment in private sure fragma I'll be
right back okay yeah what's up honey
that's the guy who raped me the one in
the alien costume what I don't remember
anything about that it happened last
month I was trying to tell you about it
but you look confused like you didn't
know what raped meant so i got your
dictionary and you looked it up and he
found it you started laughing
hysterically yeah right i remember why
someone would force you to clean up
leaves is beyond me no stupid something
so much worse i was walking home late at
night and he came up behind me and he
grabbed me and he stuck
really what fragman know he would never
do that to a woman without her consent
he's a pretty decent guy from an alien
culture I know absolutely nothing about
oh look look look that has to be him
look 10 reported incidents so far he
takes young college-age women and he
takes advantage of them sexual advantage
of them and they say that he appears and
he disappears all the time he gets away
with it over and over again oh you have
to do something clip you have to punch
him back to wherever he came from tell
him he's not welcome here anymore honey
I know exactly what i need to do brag
nah I wanted to know if you had another
one of these transportation devices
