Episode 005
Merry Jack Plays Isaac! (Part 1)
January 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AT4w4th63Kk
___________________________________________

it sounds great we gotta we gotta get an
Isaac
happy Christmas rich happy Christmas
what's the Christmas what said that
thing with the tree the Santy Claus the
tree with the Santa Claus you got it you
know what's up already
Abbey holidays happy holidays everyone
welcome this this will be not to get
sentimental this will be my final stream
of the year Christmas time is coming up
I'm leaving towns a certain group of
people got really excited for about a
second as you were saying that yeah I
don't agree with them
I think the jerk this will be my last
you say even finally upstream this'll be
my last dream for the year some people
got really excited which is funny I
always loved I was that's what those are
my favorite comments like on the on the
streams on the YouTube channel but it's
just like god damn it jack I hate
listening to you on these streams that
you're constantly on and they watched my
solo streams which I will be doing one
on Wednesday I will I'll do some
challenge runs and some greed runs I
just this is my warmup
I felt like playing Isaac I've been I've
been doing all of the I've been trying
to do some lost runs yeah on my Vita and
so I'm in a super Isaac mood and I just
want to keep playing Isaac so this is
what you're gonna get and and I don't
know you know we haven't unlocked
anything on this one yet so I'm just
just warming up yeah oh there's some fun
ones later shaves backed up on the cloud
well it's on PlayStation oh so you know
I don't know if there's a way to get my
PlayStation save
the PC if there is probably probably
none I would assume not I don't know
though chat what do you know what do you
know about it you know no nothing chat
knows everything you don't know nothing
about no nothing chat knows everything
and nothing at the same time I think I
think well they will wait until a few
more people are even in here before we
even address that thing what what they
do you suppose I'm talking about oh
you're probably talking about the
anticipated you and I talking about lala
land
lalala yes la what the new movie lala
land in musical starring Ryan Gosling
and Lady is that what they're talking
about no that's no that's not what
they're talking about
oh then I have no idea with it okay okay
sorry there's no there because there's
no other movie that people are excited
for or excited to hear us talk about so
and I like musicals I'm okay too
musicals it's been very few musicals
have liked sure sure Little Shop of
Horrors some of the oh yeah classic yeah
I guess they're musicals some of your
classic Disney ones oh yeah your Disney
Renaissance films your Little Mermaid
Aladdin bug lady and the Beast
everyone loves The Lion King can fuck
right off though you know I don't like a
Lion King
you know what I like the Lion King but I
could see why someone wouldn't I'll tell
you that I'm okay with Lion King but
yeah I get it why don't you like the
language just did don't dig the story uh
yeah I don't think Simba very much I
don't dig the story oh I just can't wait
to be king
hey grew up and all my character
development happened off screen now I'm
gonna kill the guy that's really that's
the Lion King to make there you know
what this Farage yeah that's absolutely
fair I see someone is quoting lines from
that other movie now that we'll talk
about later and yep not too much later I
want to get it out of the fucking way
yeah and we won't get super into it
obviously because
you know Mike and Jay and were you in on
that discussion yep
Mike, Jay, and rich we'll get into it I'm
sure but yeah we can generally talk you
know what I want to talk about I don't
plan on doing spoilers personally yeah
so let's just just get out of the
fucking way okay what's our policy on
spoilers for that thing
let's not through spoilers listen that
spoilers okay and chat you too no
spoilers for rogue one it just came out
this weekend give everyone a chance to
see it there's there's a half in the bag
coming up yeah so you'll you'll
definitely hear in-depth thoughts from
me then or more in-depth than I'm gonna
go under now yeah a lot more the
spoilers no spoilers that's the policy
tonight I'll say this much yeah if you
have if you plan on taking children to
see it for Christmas well I'm serious
dead serious if you plan on let's uh
give me a family thing here Christmas
Eve or Christmas Day we're off with
family the whole family's gonna go to
see Rome one double think that double
think that consider looking into
spoilers before you drag your whole
family to see this sure and and here's
what I'll say ask someone who took his
children to see it don't ya don't take
children to see this not because it's
inappropriate not because it will scar
them but because I think they will be
bored to tears I don't know why the fuck
they thought Christmas that you know I
know they had a lot of luck with the
holiday season with the force awakens
nomination nut this is a bad time to
release this movie this is not this is
this is not a Christmas movie this this
this you might not want this to be your
Christmas Day holiday outing right Yeah
right this this one should have been May
yeah
there are a lot of kids in Deadpool yeah
no that's fine
Deadpool is just a good old-fashioned
r-rated action film absolutely kids
wouldn't this wouldn't be appropriate
for kids I think for an entirely
different reason and I can't get into it
right now I think my kids would like
Deadpool more because they wouldn't be
as bored I'm not even talking about you
know all rating I don't think it is
rated R yeah there are good reasons that
I can't talk about right now I don't
really think this should be the family
outing movie no and I agree with rich
for slightly different reasons
no spoilers that it's just not an
appropriate let's take the family to see
to see a Star Wars movie because that's
not it's not that movie rent rent the
force awakens
watch your blu-ray blu-ray of the force
awakens and you got like a six-year-old
daughter who idolizes rain yeah hey
there's a new Star Wars movie with a
female protagonist my daughter will love
that doublethink that do your research
this this might not be the film for your
six-year-old daughter who idolized his
reign yeah and there were kids there
were kids in the theater we went we went
and you know like it was a kid
appropriate time we went at like 9:00 in
the morning we need to go see it because
we're like okay that's the time that you
know like that's the kid time to take
your children and it wasn't my decision
to take them my wife thought that we
would take the kids and I was like yeah
you sure about then she was like I had
to be fine they like they loved the
other Star Wars movies like all right
yeah I don't give a shit and and I was
considering taking my children out of
the theater about halfway through not
because the subject material was
overwhelming but because they were
fidgeting in their seats so much out of
boredom and I was right there with them
and they don't do that they sit through
yeah children are great at movie
theaters they love movie theaters they
love movies so if you're a star Wars fan
you got your fan service in there you
got plenty you got plenty of that jeezum
H crisp demand I've already I've already
given a small inkling of my feelings
I've tweeted I tweeted about it after I
saw it I was just in so incredibly bored
is is my is my small spoiler film
spoiler free review I just I just could
not give a fuck about about about any
character did I like the CGI I had no
grand moff tarkin
yeah grand moff tarkin I don't know how
much we she's talking about I don't know
how much we should talk about in general
in general I didn't like the CGI it in
the start especially in the Star Wars
universe every time there's a CGI
creature sticks out like a sore fucking
thumb yeah especially with everything
else in this this one trying to look
like the 70 Star Wars you know yeah
the CGI sticks out like a sore fucking
thumb it really does and like he's right
next to real people all the time and man
it does not look good I was thinking
that they did a much better job with
Carrie Fisher's CGI but apparently that
was just a different actress
no that was CGI it was terrible
different Alex knows differently it was
an actress that they put CGI over her
face and it's it's it's worse than grand
moff tarkin
it's just it's not on camera as much
well I'm dead serious yes because it's
awful it is the worst
we're so bad they're doing a worse job
than Tron did Tron Legacy even even like
x-men 3 and that was years ago did a
better job of de-aging Patrick Stewart
and I guess they were just de-aging
someone they weren't creating a face
from scratch but oh it's not good CGI
yeah please stop spoilers but we're not
bad bad CGI faces on characters we kind
of knew we're gonna be in it that's a
spoiler that's not a spoiler we have not
spoiled anything about the movie
Jack Jack brought up what's-her-face I
was just talking about grand moff tarkin
who was in the trailer
oh is that spoiler fuck you sorry sorry
if that spoiled it I'm I didn't I didn't
sorry for spoiling like the creepiest
thing ever mostly because of the awful
awful CGI work look it's that thing you
know but it looks really creepy like a
soulless automaton oh you know here's
here's my here's my here's my issue well
just get the road 1 talk out of the way
here it is everyone here's my main issue
yes your spoiler free main issue my
spoiler free main issue ever because
everyone knows what the story is right
yeah but it's they're stealing the plans
to the Death Star everyone knows that
that's not spoiler territory I feel like
they based all of the tension in the
action scenes on whether or not they
would complete their mission oh there's
something in the quiets something I want
to address go ahead go would you rather
have that CGI or old actors just Rick
is the character just recast the
character we can deal with this the CGI
is far more distracting than just
getting somebody new to play the damn
part and as far as Carrie Fisher that
bit and this is so small it could have
been anyone from behind right they
didn't need to do that you didn't we
didn't need to see a fucking face right
fucking hell there are ways to hide that
shit rich is gonna lose it yeah I'm
gonna lose I almost lose it when I hear
really dumb things would you rather have
all that mercy to you uh that was
fucking question in the world that that
completely misses the the same common
sense solution to the problem well and
that's the thing like you're acting like
those are your only two options you have
other options you're a filmmaker you get
to play pretend for a living okay so
here's my here's my thing here's my
problem with it my big issue yeah I felt
like all the tension and all the scenes
derived from whether or not they would
complete their mission yep but we we
know because everyone has seen a new
hope that they do complete their mission
and so it's got problems above and
beyond that this is just my main issue
and so like for me I didn't care about
any of the characters and so like
whether or not like any individual
character made it didn't matter to me
because it's okay that she's not an
interesting main character she's a woman
that's what's important there were male
lead Caravan kids they were all so bad
we're all so unimportant they gave more
thought to what's-his-face bad accent
men funny exit men had have probably had
more of a character arc you know
my favorite one via the one I I felt
like really had a good arc is uh who's
the who was the the monk guy I don't
know I don't want to I'm gonna come any
closer to spoilers so Oh though he's
shown in the trailer yeah uh yeah I
liked his chick nobody has a character
arc no like nobody in the movie has a
character arc right right right rich I
agree
the closest the closest character arc is
funny accent man and he's not
particularly likeable in the first place
mustache guy oh the main the male lead
well I wouldn't call him a lead he's
lead is what's-her-face but the guy like
the guy that guy that guy you think the
man man
nope
uh you know it doesn't matter I didn't
like it it sounds like you didn't like
it very much
no not really but I'm not a huge Star
Wars fan I got imagine if you're a star
Wars fan there's all the geek shit you
can gawk at 80 80s you know what I could
appreciate some of some of the world's
you know like they had some new toys to
look at like yeah sure makes me realize
how limited the Star Wars world is what
I mean there's just not much to the
universe other than the vehicles you
know that's an 8080 looks pretty cool
for a giant galaxy at the Star Wars as a
universe feels very limited to me to me
nowhere near is is rich is something
like Star Trek I know you're yep
you are a trekker in general
I feel like I'm not doing great this run
I'll be honest with you which is why I'm
not doing any of the challenges this is
a warm-up
it's a warm-up run which you are not 50
yet what does what does that have to do
with anything does a person not get to
have standards until they're 50 yeah you
have to be 50 first before you have
standards yeah okay I didn't know that
oh yeah it's a whole thing it's a whole
thing
I can't wait till I'm 50 oh man people
are gonna listen I can finally have
standards not doing great
a little helper here
it's tougher what is my opinion on ds9
and it's a fine show has some good
characters good good villain
Star Trek Deep Space Deep Space 9 yes
you know we talk about it a lot but yeah
I just want to make sure that now
everyone knows we're talking about let
the whole class end damage great great
great great great
yes overall didn't like it so we're
glasses oh money here's money guys so
the more money I have would be stronger
my shots are so it's incentive not to
spend exactly oh and I have the two of
diamonds which dublicate s-- any money I
gots so yeah I don't even want to go in
the shops I guess I could go in there
and blow up some stuff
yep
yeah yeah no no rogue one spoilers in
the chat we're not gonna talk about
spoilers tonight we did a mini little
convo bottom right now yep everybody be
cool everybody be a little cool please
be respectful it's it's obvious neither
of us loved it that's the main takeaway
here I wouldn't say I despise it I
wouldn't say that no you know you know
what I've been comparing it to what and
I know you haven't seen it is the
Martian yep a movie which i think is a
perfectly adequate competent movie that
had absolutely zero tension you just
kind of know exactly what's gonna happen
at all points interesting okay here's
the question rich I could use my two
diamonds double my money and get 20
cents yeah and get this piggy bank
yeah the piggy bank every time I get hit
gives me money which would be pretty
smart but obviously the morning it hit
the morning it hurt but I could invest
15 cents and possibly make it back if I
get it yeah okay
what's your shot oh okay what's your
shot like what would have been like with
that 20 I don't know how effective the
money goggles are it's not huge until
you get really high up there and get
like over over like 30 yeah and yes I
know there's a there's a white heart in
that other room I'm waiting till I beat
the what's the white heart so uh half
it's half of a white heart and if you
have it and you go to the next level you
get another heart container yep or if
you find two of them you get another
heart container okay
but I want to wait till I'm done
fighting the ball yeah it makes them be
smart smurt that'd be smirked yeah it's
just in case I can
look at this guy he's cool yes I am
planning on on doing a solo stream on
Wednesday SEMA good work rich you would
have lost your white heart right there
yeah yeah doing a good work rich I
appreciate that because I like I well I
won't be back until uh I won't be back
until January so I'm gonna miss a few
streams rich may stream and rich can
still rich can still let me know and I
will attempt to tweet it out I might
have internet so you already have ten
coins I had 20 to begin with but oh yeah
I'm getting old come on die already oh
there we go all right great
spoon all right great now we'll get
another heart container yeah I'm already
making money back which was great okay I
think that was the right call I just
wanted to talk you through my process
that's cool yeah that's cool I remember
afterwards after drug one just a little
aside no more yeah yeah you know I'm I
took my kids to see the force awakens
and they loved it and they were talking
Star Wars for days weeks and yes after
them seeing rug one stopped well no I
mean just in general they didn't mention
Star Wars they have not yet they have
yet to mention Star Wars since we've
seen that movie okay usually it's one
monkey-see monkey-do thing yeah like
they see they see a Pokemon in Pokemon
is the only thing they care about they
see Star Wars Star Wars is the only
thing they care about this after this
nothing it's not a children's phone it
is not a children's film that much I
will say for sure not necessarily for
the reasons you think but thank you
hey these little bones skeleton guys are
the thing I hate the most you I can deal
with great great
yeah I'm not I'm not condemning it based
on the fact I don't think it's a
children's film I'm just saying it's
it's it's Christmastime and I think a
lot of people are coming I'll take the
kids to see the new Star Wars and if you
do that I think you're in for a rude
awakening that's not the same as me
saying it's bad because it's not a
children's film it's not the same not
it's not the same thing please don't
equate that you know what rich say
that's a really good point yeah
really good point let's be clear be
clear if you have to what I'm just
trying to remember what that is I want
it some other jet tell me what that is
and if I want it please oh come on we'll
try it just get my Isaac legs back try
again maybe I'll get some better items
yeah so uh have you had a chance to play
that Super Mario run no the first
official Nintendo iPhone game yeah yeah
yeah well you don't have an iPhone also
right so that would probably really
hinder your ability are you wanting to
switch over to that huh are you wanting
to switch over to that oh oh sure talk
about it now is legit did you enjoy the
thing here is you know it's not bad it
is not an endless runner as many thought
it was going to but that's good what is
it it's it's just a Mario game and it
has levels but it's not like endless
Mario levels it's not endless Mario
levels it has normal levels and the only
button is jump you know you just
constantly run yeah
and you just press the screen to jump
and then you have to kind of time your
jumps and it was these ones awful you
would think that's what you would think
but it actually works shockingly well
okay not saying it's the greatest not
saying it's the greatest at all are you
saying it's the worst not saying it's
the worst I don't know if it's what you
can't you can play the first three
levels for free and then you can it's
ten bucks for the full game not the
worst all right go on you were way up I
think I want that where's where's the
damn was Mouse where's the other way oh
no it's half his pad broken
all right where I am
aah oh shit I just put myself up today
is the 18th today's the nerdy Inc says
we were the guys who sent in the
excellent bus safety video glad you
enjoyed it thanks for them thank you
thank you I guess some things safe you
for sending in that egg video hey Marty
access rich I've heard persistent rumors
that Peter Parker's love interest in the
new spider-man movie is lizallen how
interesting I think they're trying to
make a point about the hair bangable of
the first love interest even though
that's bullshit in the comic books like
as if she's the love inched in the movie
like that's supposed to change anything
that happened in the sixties comics I
don't I don't know I don't know whatever
doesn't matter
no doesn't okay people are Schmucks
jerks people are Schmucks Enders yep
great that Brahmin says Bandcamp sells
your shirts but do they make them or
someone else someone else someone else I
think they're they're printed locally
it's not like a website that does it I
believe they're printed locally band
camp
they have sells them did they do I don't
hey I don't pay attention to any other
show get on it rich they're made locally
I've picked them up from the place that
makes them sure the shirts are made
locally but band camp does sell them and
so they're not it's not like made from
like t-shirts that comment right there
they're very high-quality t-shirts
they're there they're nice shirts very
nice shirt
they're made locally I know I have
picked them up from the place that makes
you know what I'm gonna steal I have yet
I have yet to take a t-shirt I haven't
either I'm just sayin I'm gonna take one
I'm about to I'm about to go home baby
don't have them anymore I really wanted
one of those old best of the worst ones
they don't have any of those I don't
think we have those particular ones
anymore now I should have stolen oh no I
could've not stolen one that's my that's
that's my right to take them if you say
so
you get away with that I can get away
have that poster shenanigans you can
totally get away with that okay they owe
me at least a shirt
Oliver e18 says be careful not to choke
on your aspirations rich Evans buster
load says sister lo sup Bert and Ernie
sup turn 25 yesterday and all I got is a
bachelor's and a dumb retail job where
were you guys at 25 and where did you
think your life was going lol stroke me
down and all around I thought my life
was going nowhere 25 I'm still not
convinced it's going anywhere once this
once this red letter media thing dries
up I'm fucked that's what I think the
future is the future is a magical place
full of endless possibilities Jeff an 86
says heart emoji heart emoji
they say heart emoji that's great do
they say heart emoji or didn't know they
technically they they said less than
three okay okay so less than three is
what they say I just didn't have any
typed a heart emoji you know in a way
they did no I mean I spelled out sorry I
didn't know no that would never just be
absurd that would be absurd that's what
I was you know Jeff 86 says no message
gobbledy gak says do you guys like
mushrooms morels shitake portobellos
Karen loves mushrooms yeah she's a
mushroom I I'm not super huge in
mushrooms they're mushrooms you know I
have no strong opinions on my breasts I
think that's where I am with the
mushroom issue I I do not I don't have
any negative feelings towards mushrooms
I
joy mushroom like you know if something
has mushrooms in it I won't
automatically not eat it at the same
time I don't necessarily seek out
mushrooms there's this really great
pizza that they have at this pizza place
that I love and it's a it's sausage
bacon pesto and mushrooms we come in
like that combination like the pesto and
the mushrooms and the sausage and the
bacon really work well together so you
know yeah I need a key or some bombs god
damnit not having much luck this run huh
you know my power I don't I don't know
what this Pope hat does I think the Pope
hat makes it more likely for me to get
blue hearts which is nice but less
chance to get bombs and other parts
apparently so like I don't have any
bombs or keys and I can really use
something carga wrath says here's a bit
of money for Rich's beanie baby
collection
none of us is rich if you were going
through all the tapes for putting them
on the wheel to ensure quality how did
you guys end up with so many stinkers JK
love you guys lol fluff my cuff we
actually talked about this
Wow oh my goodness here's the way I
screened the wheel tapes the only ones
that even get close to being screened
just the wheel tapes anything that's a
regular movie you know nothing about
what the wheel tapes to try and avoid
stinkers which didn't work I've been
watching just a little bit of the tape
before it goes on the wall back here and
the problem with this is so I can get
our honest reaction while filming I only
watch a little bit of the tape before I
decide whether or not err yea or nay
right so you get something like what was
one of them one of the rejects like the
nightmare and drug street right I turn
them off the minute something makes me
smile so we all agreed that the opening
line I'm dead hi I'm dead was great that
was a big part of the discussion that
was the first line of the tape and I saw
that I smiled that's exactly where I
turned the tape off well and you know
what you see you see like the cheap set
absolutely doctor dr. amaze OHS yep
doctor this hattington patented video
doctor amazing goes bat Mysterio's
patented video and that's the the
opening song it was great yeah
absolutely I stopped watching right
there when on the wall and what have the
tape is garbage yep there's no there's
no hundred percent guaranteed to find
like the perfect video right without
just watching the video like it's useful
for getting rid of something like
somebody sent us the tape once it was
like how to use a loom and you know you
see here that you think how do you use a
loom that's that's ridiculous now
that'll be a great tape to make them
watch how to use a loom that's absurd
and the video is literally just 60
minutes in all of
old woman wrapping a thread around a
loom and there's nothing you can discuss
it's just 40 minutes of a woman using a
loom shit like that's what goes yeah or
like a seminar seminar out of here yeah
out of here business business business
business business business
not a lot jokes we can mine right yeah
but there's there's just no guarantee
which is the the wheel giveth the wheel
taketh this is this is a real thing I
know that that was damaged up and fear
shot but I think if I reject the devil
room I get an angel room and I didn't
really want to give up my heart
containers because I didn't have a lot
and so I just didn't wanna yeah I know I
could have had for your shot whew shot
can work it and fear shot also isn't the
greatest I'm not super happy about fear
shot all the time Jeff and 86 says thank
you for making a difference in my life
you guys are just having fun but you
really do make a difference for those
who need some light in their life thank
you you're welcome
glad to be of service salute oh you
saluted oh I just saw you point here
yeah this cuz your heads in the game my
head's in the game rich and my head's in
the clouds honest question says epic
Jason X 9,000 videos only requires one
option to choose from okay in the
distant future which would you rather
prefer more Star Wars sequels or a third
Tron film a third Tron film as I'm
really I'm just not a super huge Star
Wars guy right you know I'm gonna I'm
gonna give a really boring answer yeah
whichever is a better movie to watch it
it does fair not matter the subject miss
fair movie does not matter
it's a Tron it's
it's a Star Wars it's another Marvel
movie if it's a fun movie to watch it
doesn't fucking matter the both the Tron
movies have their issues I liked the
second one yeah first one that's very
flawed but but for the time it works for
you could feel the sincerity behind the
jackass is making it and and and just
Jeff Bridges oh god right can it can
improve anything he's in absolutely
absolutely a hundred percent he makes
that movie work right so let's just all
agree that it doesn't really fucking
matter if they make a million Star Wars
movies as long as they're fun to watch
that's good because they're gonna make
million Star Wars movies yep sorry Jen
says speaking of seeing dumb things I
had a quick little follow-up for the
drawing of you since you've loved it so
much drawing requires sound we will look
at it later
you should be I'm sure you should be
anything that requires sound time city 5
says trying to tip but PayPal seems
somewhat broken at the moment sometimes
that happens will be five tips intended
to be a large one bear with me Baron
sure we'll hear more from dots 85 later
on
Gail Elias I don't know my Roman
numerals that is that is 14 though Gail
is 14
if Final Fantasy fans get make rich play
FF deal
can we get make rich not play FF deal -
I mean open market and all that
otherwise can this two dollars go
towards make FF fans paid more fund I
personally would be done with that but I
don't know feels immoral yeah no I mean
free market is free market but obviously
the market has already dictated that
they don't want rich to play Final
Fantasy enough so I don't think it's
anything you have to worry about the
free market has already spoken that
means I picked the right amount of money
yeah that means and yeah it would be it
would be weird if we were like okay
you've paid what was it nine hundred
ninety-eight dollars there 98 dollars
for each to play but now if someone else
pays twelve hundred dollars rich won't
play like that would be weird right so
you'll just have to if if someone does
pay that amount which of course they
won't let's let's be honest you'll just
have to you know suffer through Final
Fantasy her and I'm not going to talk
about it in the hopes that this goes
away and they forget entirely about
Final Fantasy perfect
30 X is rich I only keep the lizallen
argument going because I like that we
have something to talk about heart emoji
and Merry Christmas
Oh heart emoji so what you're saying is
should defrauding me to get attention to
yourself is what you're saying it sounds
like just it's just massive fraud
massive massive fraud this has strong
opinions about lizallen a parent
apparently he doesn't apparently he just
wants to get my attention
oh oh so so you know typical pyc says
hey Jack and rich you were stuck on a
deserted island and you could bring two
animals and one tool what would you
bring two animals and one tool stuck on
a desert island go okay one chicken two
second chicken so they could fuck and
make eggs
because I mean you need you need food
there's no guarantee of food on desert
island right whales are migratory right
whales yeah some some whales too couple
of whales and like a harness
alright couple whales in our harness I
doubt my prowess as a swimmer so really
for you a couple whales on an oxygen
tank that's true
hey fucking dive man we need so uh I'm
not I'm not I'm not committed to will
you just need something that's migratory
yeah and might might might have a
tendency to head towards land that's
what you need something you know that my
grades to a specific place
dolphin cuz they need oxygen yeah don't
well they still dive though they still
die right this is the you got you got
some issues here but I got the
beginnings of a plan
you just have a dead end I have a way to
survive that chicken men that's that's
that's what one lunch she could have
said like a fucking elephant I don't
last you know that'll last you there's
no way to preserve that chickens make
eggs constantly you that's why it's to
my plan is to chickens or you know a
chicken and a rooster I guess you know
first where's that--what's that chicken
eating to produce the eggs bugs and shit
chickens chickens find shit to eat man
do you have do you have worms and bugs
eat on the island might just be a
fucking rock well you know what then at
very least I'll have to I'll have two
meals well for or for you can't cuz you
can't have anything too large because it
won't keep
there's no the enemies don't have any
noises which really bothers me I don't
know what the deal is with the game
right now do you guys hear the enemies
making any noises oh that's a good one
again what is going on to sound here I
can't oh the sound effects are all the
way down that's what's going on that's
why dad sainty fob says guess I have to
wait a couple minutes between tips just
so you don't wonder why the tip seemed
cut off give it time
mokey b85 says hi wreckers Oh mokey a
solution to your wheel problem have one
person watch all the tapes select the
most appropriate types of wheel that
person doesn't participate in the
discussion as is viable no because we
have a lot of tapes and if you're going
to watch all of them this is a very long
project and we're constantly getting
more in you wouldn't be able to watch
them fast enough to keep it to keep up
with them right right that's true and we
have few enough people involved as it is
oh yeah yeah we can't there's no there's
no helpers and you need to you need to
find a way to streamline screening no
matter one I've talked about this for a
while like that that's what I used to do
for funnyordie.com is my job was the was
the screener yeah
I would watch videos uploaded by users
every single day to try to find quality
stuff and you know what after a while
you do obtain a bit of a sixth sense
over what will be good and what will be
bad and you just need to for time
because there's no way to review
everything and you know what sometimes
you're right and sometimes you're wrong
sometimes a video would have a super
strong start and I would watch the whole
thing in a minute it would end up to be
a dud mm-hmm I'm sure there were cases
that that I dismissed a video and it
ended up if I ended up being great but
that's the risk link young oh I got them
I got I got a great you you've got all
of the things I got a great power of
them let us a do it gives me double of
everything a my clear a room they gave
me two treasures when I clear a room
that sounds amazing and it's it's a very
handy powerup here's here's epic Jason X
9000 here's a fun fact
fun fact the director of Tron Legacy
John Kaczynski okay also made the
amazing amazing live-action fight like
hell commercial to doom 2016 and at some
point he was almost involved in the now
unofficially canceled reboot of Disney's
the black hole that's interesting
did you see the noclip doom yeah oh my
god if you guys have not and I know we
get a ton of tweets about everyone knows
about this go to know clip one word no
clips youtube channel and they have made
two amazing documentaries they made one
on rocket league and one on doom 2016
and Jebus are they fun to watch it's
good it's good really good documentaries
to be perfectly honest I think classic
era in probably would make for a more
interesting documentary but maybe that's
just me you know what maybe that was
there maybe that was their door I I
doubt it because hardly any of those
people are still involved with it like I
really like their rocket League when did
you watch it I have yet to watch it oh I
probably won't I want you to rocket
League 1 when I said damn this is a
really good little mini doc about rocket
League and then after their doom 1 I
started giving them money yeah because
it's like fuck these people need to just
keep making oh no I didn't want to do
that I'm a dummy I'm a dummy rich I'm
sorry that's all right I got my bomb so
it's ok
what I found interesting was originally
they were trying to avoid a heavy metal
soundtrack yeah what the fuck man
Dumas Dumas heavy metal they came to
their senses
I know they came to their senses and I'm
glad for it but Doom is totally fucking
metal yeah they were trying to do their
own thing like hey you know we don't
want to go too cheesy which was the
right call and they came to their senses
which is all that matters
my favorite part about it is that as
they were talking about you know
developing the story of doom the mythos
of do and they and and they said
something that that filled my heart with
joy which is well obviously we came up
with all the gameplay first and then we
tried to see how we could finish the
incident so they did it to the right way
oh the gameplay first it sounds like the
story came together really late in the
process - yeah and they made it work
well they made a fun they might have fun
as hell yeah wink and a nod great little
documentary noclip is the name of the
new youtube channel I gave him money I
gave I became a patron of theirs so they
can keep making you still alive so they
can keep making shit their rocket League
one is great too
Jake vanity success of either of you
played Xenogears if so what did you
think I've not played it I don't even
I've heard of it I don't really know
what it is isn't it a JRPG I'm surprised
you haven't given it a chance yet yep
yep no no your act you're 100% right you
are 100% 100 comic look comical percent
right great okay by the way by the way
you can only have 20 flies oh we have 20
flies at a time with this
this jar applies is a great power I'm
really happy with it but you can only
have 20 flies at a time that's important
to know Danny longlegs powerup we're
feeling good we're feeling good about my
powers right now I think I'm I mean I'm
definitely gonna be mom I feel bad I
feel mom beat coming on I don't know if
we can beat the womb yet but honestly
clapping well done check please finished
here is a second that I'm glad you guys
can be with me on there we're just here
we're all just here having a great time
I'll get to your tips complicated I got
I had several thousand if you can't hear
it that little oh my god is going off
constantly you guys are tipping like mad
tonight thank you yes thank you I know
we took we took I sure didn't miss one
we took Wednesday off did not sorry for
taking Wednesday off I think you won't
mind that we took Wednesday off when you
see what comes of it but I always do
hate taking days off mm-hmm sometimes it
happens sometimes it happens Oh galaxy
Isis the greatest tragedy of the modern
age
oh no is that rich heavens is the person
everyone wants to geek out with about
Star Wars and yet he doesn't really care
about Star Wars yes this thing's I'll
gig out with you about track yeah you
talk about Star Trek to talk about
season 3 of next gen which is like
anything Star Trek and all the other
things that like your old man your wife
50-year old man's like so don't worry
it's fine it's fine the original movies
were really good a couple of the video
games are pretty good yeah you know that
that's 85 says 105 hey you fucks it's
Christmas time that's why these here
tips will rhyme like poetry it's gonna
be great just kidding
knowing rich will hate on these old
memes which is pity Oh fine says what
she wants
scroll up you machine he's silly machine
let her are Khan says I saw a nightmare
on drug street as part of a health class
in high school it was mandatory and we
had to go through all of it it was
stupid and not in a good way and
destroying was justified Oh yep okay we
got to the car wreck that wasn't a car
wreck and it was like I'll fuck this
yeah off-screen oh that's all we had
that's all we had going for on that one
it's like oh I bet there's gonna be some
comical deaths yeah that's that's what
the hope was yep a trunk in a trunk
that's gonna be obnoxious to keys no no
these trunks don't take use oh great
trunks you can just open nevermind only
the golden truncated keys
I don't know Isaac it's okay you don't
have to you don't have to no Isaac yeah
you know I could come we have different
strengths and our that's true powers
combined that's eighty five says to a
five they just proved fans love your
witty comments jokes fun vids and
streams don't blame them you're a great
team loved watching all your streams on
Twitch wouldn't be worth it without jack
you get some you get some love Jack
that's very good gobbledygook says hey
guys I started a new planet with giant
mushrooms in the foundation update of no
man's sky new creative and survival
modes are super neato fellas
build your base and fly to the moon and
stars it's probably too little too late
and really if all this content is great
then why the fuck didn't no man sky ship
with some of the ship maybe maybe think
maybe they should have delayed a bit
maybe that's what needed to happen if
it's good now in that's if
oh this is great a great thing just
happened
oh yes
anonymous says I understand let me ask
you something very important is this
half-full or half-empty is it half full
or half empty no no no it's water I
don't know if I understand I'll be I'll
be really honest with you yeah just not
sure if I understand where this is going
you know it's fine that they pays the
money this is the thing dad city 5 says
3 or 5 and that awesome guy called rich
you distract me from other crap these
fronds they are good entertainers fuck
the TV other streamers radio and all
that stuff for me just prereqs good I'm
swinging enough there's an en but it
looks like it's cut off from something
enough sure thank you thank you sir Troy
sir Danforth sister Danforth hey gents
they're a copy of Aksum on the wall if
not I'll be sending one for best of the
worst also any plans for anymore board
game streams
I enjoyed the ones I've seen on youtubes
I would love to the the issue of the
board game streams is they are a
logistical nightmare because generally
the board game takes at least four
people to be good yeah
and just getting four people who know a
game don't mind being on camera don't
mind being on camera it's just it's
generally tough so I would love to do
more board game streams but they're just
gonna be tough to do oh great we're
rocking now looks like it I got I got
something that I forgot you could do if
you get three fly related items you turn
into a little fly and you can fly around
oh nice and
so now I get I can fly which is one of
the most powerful tools in all of Isaac
oh I didn't think and I think all grey
flies turn into friendly flies now so
what's down there Zelda watch yes we
talked with him that's what he was
trying I know I know
I'm kidding oh it's fine it's fine thing
and as far as is there a copy of Aksum
on the wall its have you seen how many
fucking tapes we have these are not
alphabetize this is nothing so I don't
fucking know that's you know what like
the same person who will watch all of
these will also import them into the
Excel spreadsheet that we keep talking
about that will never that will also
never happen I'm wondering if it's fair
to say we get about a hundred tapes a
month a hundred tapes a month possibly
that's very I mean there's a ton of
tapes here and yeah you've gotten rid of
a bunch of tapes well we haven't gotten
rid of doubles I haven't gotten rid of
movies the only things have gotten rid
of our wheel tapes that did not pass the
screening process for all the good
that's apparently worth but now
everything that's a movie unless we it's
a clear obvious double and we know the
other copy works then that goes
otherwise it all goes up there really
yeah the only movies I've thrown out are
people send us things that were like
Hollywood films right they're not
they're not really what we do like we're
not gonna be we're not gonna we're not
gonna do Jerry Maguire right right I can
do mr. Magoo we're not gonna do babe
even though I got a whole box that which
is babe really yeah we're gonna hold on
like a whole box it was like 30 copies I
didn't count them a lot of copies of
just babe babe babe
I gave one of my sisters yeah baby have
a baby
that's you know what that's strange you
guys you guys get a lot of strange
things here that that might take the
cake and then people still try and send
in things that look like they're dramas
I was like why would we we don't really
like how often if we done dramas
probably maybe I think they usually add
that shit I got like a miscellaneous
shelf okay so that's they're giving
money to the yeah to the shop that's 85
says four or five to get to the point
Merry Christmas right Merry Christmas oh
you your fans and even the chat to
everyone and our LM staff now that this
stuff has been said Merry Christmas o
dot city five five or five for New Year
I wish you wealth I wish you wealth much
love some great fun and good to health
and of course the best of luck now lol
just fucked my cock
thank you dots thank you much
Larry AK says I finished playing mgs 5
this week and the story is even worse
than you guys made it sound and I liked
the goofy stuff from the other games did
you know this game shipped without an
ending at that point I didn't really
care about the ending this I was totally
uninvested in the story so whatever it's
fun fun to go around in the stealth
world is my stuff good good good
mechanical game story wise it can you
can just go fuck itself the blue blazes
hey guys what games are you anticipating
for 2017 also rich out of you Jay and Mike
who outranks who sorry jack but we all
know your fourth no you know what Jack
is like seventh wheel here I'm behind
I'm behind you Jay and Mike
I'm behind Jessi I'm probably behind
Jillian and Laura stories between well
everybody knows we have a a rigid
military like command structure to an
actually I think that's what drives most
people away is our command structure but
you know what it saved us people from
making mistakes you know what here at
Red Letter Media it's all business and
everyone knows that would another fly
thing I am the Lord of the Flies I have
so many flight things Jeff and 86 says
if you dig a mix of heavy metal and
comedy check out Jared dines and YouTube
he's my brother
hashtag shameless plug Oh God
all right shameless plug it up man we
don't care how do we really feel about
pizza rolls I don't personally I think
they're a little bit disgusting oh I
fucking love them they're not my go-to
snack food but man I love them they're
great even as an adult I think they're
great
oh my god what was that mega heart
explosion thing would happen I was a
black heart a black heart is like a blue
heart where you don't need a heart
container uh-huh but when a black heart
is spent it hurts everything in the room
so very nice my cards are very nice to
get leftover beefcake says if we're
airing grievances yes my grievance is
that we didn't get enough games with
silly voices in them in 2016 oh you've
got plenty of I'm gonna be quiet can I
get a brief Jimmy Stewart slash Michael
Caine impression for old times sake why
would you want that
but you assured I'm somehow hard to get
into avoid I got to say Jimmy Stewart
before I do Jimmy Stewart oh why doesn't
work Jimmy what do we do when we fold
would you I can't I can't I guess all
you can do I've lost them and I tried to
get back oh my god it's mom already shit
yeah I've lost my Michael Caine what do
we do we'll be full let me tell you
something mr. Stewart you are not as
good actor as you once away and it sucks
man no my my Michael Caine has suffered
so if you gave away one of your flight
UM's if you even can you would lose the
power of flight or you would keep it now
I would keep it because I got a I got a
third one
or I got a fourth one that I cannot give
away okay okay but I believe can it's
possible I believe if I could give one
up I would lose the power of flight
and well but now I just got flight again
do I want to kill this thing I don't
think I came in
what is it just an angel it's an angel
so later in the game yeah if you if I
put a bomb here I fight the angel and I
get half of a key and then if I fight
another angel I get another half of a
key and that's how I can fight mega
Satan let's see if we can know okay I
cannot yet fight mega satan and that's
fine anonymous it says anonymous says
rich is a cool cat you are okay
strange I never thought I would be
described as cool that's always totally
cool Kevin this bizarre like okay boy
okay grab the guard says rich and/or
Jack please give us your best impression
of Robin Williams screaming good morning
Bedford Falls because art I can't do a
Robin Williams so I really can't
that was the clothes I just did it that
was as close as I can get I don't know
what Bedford Falls is there's a it's a
wonderful life City
oh I could be wrong yeah the only like
Robin Williams impression anyone can do
is like this super fast talking one yeah
so boring but furred Falls I can't I
gotta said Jimmy Stewart before it's
even close did you be Stuart good good
morning but Bedford Falls well your
money's not here it's with Clarence I
don't have your money the bank doesn't
have her money it's it it's in Tommy's
house and it's in mayor of Belle's house
which I she stole you're not one oh I
couldn't help you there ah good morning
Bradford Falls I gotta watch me some
miss in wonderful life tonight yeah yeah
never been huge on it's a wonderful life
i I didn't first say it till someone
raised
I guess it's been a while in the how
about I didn't watch it much when I was
younger but saw it recently isn't it all
loved it absolutely loved it really I'm
super into schmaltz
especially oh I'm like the cane great
especially this time of year I mean what
are you yeah Cathy said I will keep this
reusable fly generator that's really
funny I you can have a reasonable fly
generator or a reusable fly generator I
would do the same thing well mine my jar
gives me a fly every time I kill an
enemy yeah up to 20 and then I can get
25 this one yeah gives me a random
number of flies somewhere between 1 and
5 every time I clear a room okay better
off with the when you got probably it
but this one I can use I can use
batteries to recharge and so you can get
ton of fly though I'm gonna keep with
the jar flies though just because I'm
having a fly run and look I seem to be
doing pretty well with it yeah yeah so
why mess why mess with what ain't broken
boom we're kind of killing at this run
it looks like it
so those mom's hands was evident yeah
mom's hands those be mom's hands and
much like Zelda if they grab you they
shoot you out of the room ah I shoot out
of the room and you have to replay that
room was that item you skipped oh that's
a Hoover and it just makes you faster
yeah and I don't necessarily want to be
faster I have a good movement speed
right now I just want to keep that open
oh okay okay
not a huge E I could take it it would
make me faster but do you have so many
items pots is it Maxim oh I mean I could
take it and I could swap it out whenever
I get another thing but it's just like
yeah why I think it just makes me faster
okay
yeah just speed up it's a goat hoof to
be specific a Satan off oh mr flibble 9
says hey rich have you ever heard of or
watched Red Dwarf
the British comedies sent on a mining
ship and it's great sci-fi - I've heard
of it I only watched a little bit of it
I didn't super get into it but I didn't
hate it either
it's a very specific kind of humor that
Red Dwarf I've seen a few episodes never
really got into it but like it's so
British more than that nothing wrong
with that no this is some British you
can't understand what the fuck people
are saying that it's a drawback so I
couldn't get into the British office oh
yeah yeah it's like what the fuck are
you saying this is to dialogue dependent
for me to not understand what they're
saying clearly it's not working as well
as it could
the second part of that says Jack I'm
Jack I like it when you're on best the
worst slash Arlen videos I like it when
I'm on both doors - don't listen to
haters never do we've all got our haters
that's true
don't worry I never do I like I like
being on these best of the worst is so
much fun like you know it's sometimes
sometimes we have a bad time sometimes
we watch movies that absolutely suck
like like somebody in our YouTube
comments yeah it's like blaming me
personally for Hilary's loss and not and
not you know Hillary and now the myriad
of other reason yeah right it's my fault
you're personally absolutely oh I'm with
you so you know just ignore it
ya know it's you know I mean I moderate
our YouTube channel a prereq YouTube
channel yeah and every single video here
here's here's a real thing every single
bit like our videos go live at noon
Central Time yeah the moment it goes
live there's a thumbs down on that video
yeah I guarantee someone subscribes to
us purely two thumbs down our videos I
don't know why someone mentions every
single video that they hate listening to
me even though I'm on every video is I
have been tempted to just ban that
person cuz I'm getting sick of it but
then you would get the blame and so I I
haven't no it's you know what and I
don't care like they're they're
commenting I'm affecting them enough
where they feel like they have to they
can have to comment and that's that's
affecting them in a real way and I think
that's great
so fucking I've been doing this for way
too long I've been doing this longer
longer than bread then I've been doing
with red letter media making videos oh
yeah I can deal with people it gets a
little creepy sometimes
oh we're unlocking I'll sort this shit
now great great the average says you
don't like Star Wars that much you mean
to tell me you went a droid off and a
Darth Vader mask just for the pageviews
now that video has no sincerity Oh choke
my aspirations how dare you as a video
producer makes something that was funny
I know they were being funny they were
being funny as well yeah it was a joke
it was I get it I get it
nunim says 40 Cal that's always 9 Millie
with the green dot two guns so that's
two buttons at the same time like a
screen shot rich here's a software doc
what 40 Cal that's always nine milli
with the green dot two guns so that's
two buttons at the same time like a
screen shot rich here's an eID software
doc okay
oh the in software documentary that
sounds great I have no idea what the
fuck you said otherwise though but thank
you for the tip Michael the grave says
so that's got an F of it
happy holidays slash new year almost Oh
happy holidays Happy New Year's with
2017 looming what are your favorite
movies of the year
personally I loved arrival and swiss
army man Cheers never happy 2017 I've
heard really great things about a rival
I have yet to see the Swiss Army man
would be my top man I had a lot of fun
watching that I just don't honestly I
don't go to see that many movies
oddly enough yeah yeah I usually don't
bother going and there's a few maybe
like one or two movies a year but I
wanted to see that but usually you know
we don't have magret you want to be a
part of it I'm gonna say it with you
that's usually how I end up saying
movies what's fair what even came out
this year Swiss Army wanna know the
favor years no I mean so much shit came
out this year I was Civil War all right
Civil War was a little bit all right not
my faves but a little bit all right is
that a meat cube by the way yes I have a
mean cube better rough reference
reference yeah and if I if I actually
there's a few Super Meat Boy references
yes and if I get I'll see like here's
one of those things where if I would
have had the cat head yeah I could have
clicked it got some fly think it is got
supplies 500 rainbow thing
wonder what does well that's fine
everyone seems like a rival I've heard
great things about a rival oh sure yeah
sure I'll get around to saying it
eventually most of my most of my
viewings done on like Netflix or
something Deadpool I haven't see
Deadpool yet you haven't seen dead boy I
mean Deadpool was great that's 85 Suns
just be happy let's just be all be happy
that some really good movies came out
this year okay that's what you're
thankful I'm thankful for my my cousin
is in the directors guild yeah and I
will be seeing him around Christmastime
and he usually brings with him a bunch
of screeners cuz you know he's in the
guild so he gets all the screeners to
vote on for the Oscars yeah so usually I
get to see some fun movies around the
holiday time ice so maybe maybe he'll
bring a rifle that would be nice shoot
missiles Jack little missiles yeah yeah
they're the penet rivet so they go
through people because they go which is
incredibly helpful so we're kind of
rocking it at the moment I'm doing like
mega damage what you're saying is you're
just dominating yeah you're dominating
everything and everyone we're having a
good time we are having a good time
right now
dad said e5 says was one large crappy
poem guess it got butchered by the tip
system removing line breaks and killing
special characters oh well shit happens
stop hating Star Wars by the way we
understand that you got butchered by the
tip system we appreciate it thank you
for thinking about it it's all good
it is all good can't you pick those up
but you're harmful you're full you get
full of soul hearts I'm full of
everything you only get two rows oh so
if you if you were like a new heart
container you can't pick it up well if I
get a new red heart container it
replaces it replaces a blue one but I
can't I can't pick up anymore
which is fine cuz you know like if I get
hurt I'll just come back to this room
yeah yeah but uh and I think actually
this is it this is my final this is the
final level no mega Satan no I haven't
beaten mom's heart yet okay I think is
this I think this is mom's heart so oh
now I get the key come on guys I'm
getting to your tips god dammit I got
80,000 tips today we're working our way
there we can only do so much God with me
I got I got three people before your
next one and I'm not skipping over them
damn it we we haven't forgot about you
we won't forget about you cool trainer
ly hindi says hey rich hey Jack how much
would your opinions of Adam Sandler
change if you found out his movies were
iconic ironic satire all along a very
little very little cuz they did a poor
job of being satirical if nobody got
that it was satire yeah yeah like is it
the funniest joke in the world if no one
gets it the answer is no by the way so
wasn't it Andy Kaufman's problem they
didn't get it until it was too late yeah
toggling schmuck says Jack I your Jimmy
Stewart sounds like turgeau from menos
the hands of fate
I approve I've never seen Manos the hand
of an offense so so dare you not have
she knows everybody watched him but
every episode of Mystery Science Theater
3000 everyone did you know that because
I'm the worst at everything and I wish I
would go away well that's all right I
have the mask of infamy they can't hurt
mom oh I guess they can everything
what can't hurt you I have this mask on
my face that deflects shots hit directly
at my face
ah so like a lot of these shots should
be hitting me but aren't because I have
the mask I'm still dodging anyway just
because I probably should but cuz you're
a professional cuz I'm a professional
right great work jack great work oh oh I
can't go up well what's in the chest
first don't go up you have a chest ends
it Oh
HSN's it shit I'm going up chest ends it
we're good oh shit I didn't know I could
go up this is turned into this just
turned into a real run oh shit oh shit I
am on boom
mokey bead 5 says ok ok
amendment to my wheel solution work in
shifts someone watches tapes until 8:00
appropriate tapes are found they don't
participate discusses then someone else
takes over or destroying the wheel
that's a lot of complicated shit that
we're not gonna do and if you think my
Kiche are gonna waste any time screaming
we look for worst tapes you got you got
you got another thing coming fella
guy oh listen here Sonny Jim I already
you fuck well that could have gone
better I presume yeah yeah we're in the
real shit now yeah we're in the real
weeds now you know I understand what
you're saying
yeah and it's it's the question for any
small business yeah is when to expand
your workforce
obviously expanding your workforce means
spending more money and there are
inherent risks involved with that did
you find somebody you trust the screen
tapes properly right in the area here's
a problem with us expanding our
workforce yeah what what makes our line
work why wait why everyone who watches
it feels like they're hanging out with
friends and I think a lot of that is
because we are actually friends right
we're not just a group of co-workers
that's true you know we knew each other
before this shit yeah and we are close
friends can't just hire someone to bring
them into that it's not gonna work rich
is absolutely correct and so yeah like
that trust factor would be all out of
whack
gobbledygook sense gobbledygook see it's
your turn
hearts of iron for expansion just came
out and it is so fun
great 13 new achievements to drain my
soul I have no idea right
thanks again happy birthdays guys and
I'll marinade my mushroom PS yeah DCUO
on ps4 is free you fucks I've heard I've
heard that I've heard it somewhere
before
I've got $91 you know we're doing great
you're doing great
what's that little fucker want he takes
a random amount of coins and then gives
you shit oh and you just got a key that
doesn't seem like it was worth it well
but there's there's no shops when you're
this far up and so oh here we go look at
that boom right hard container boom I'll
give you a good shit sometimes
Varya r-77 says sorry oh hey you guys
enjoy this music video for Miami
connection I just found thank you for
all the entertainment and happy holiday
serves thank you I'll watch that later
man
you know Christmas is not my favorite
holiday it's never meant a lot to me
yeah but there is a feeling in the air
in this season yeah
there is a feeling I there used to be I
think there still is it's no Halloween I
love Halloween how long it's my favorite
holiday
Bar None but I still I still get like a
tingling I have too many dead relatives
for Christmas to mean the same thing
and Christmas is still fine Christmas is
still fine
I've just never really cared about
Christmas in general it'd be different
if Karen were super into Christmas yeah
she's not her mother wasn't because I
think I'm her mother's father died
around Christmas I think yeah okay so
she you know she was never really big
into Christmas yeah that'll do it yeah
no not like I'm not I've never been into
Christmas I think I think like the the
the whole that like the Santa Claus
thing never made sense to me
I personally don't like it and I think
I've told this story before I did not
want like to tell my kids about Santa
Claus yeah Lisa convinced me like no
every other kid's gonna know about Santa
how do you deal with that hypocrisy
exactly that's the problem so you wanted
to I was curious about this I wanted to
i-i've wanted to just be like hey it's
annual gift-giving day and you know
we're gonna give you some presents and
you should give other people presents -
are you worried there's gonna come a day
when your kids are gonna say you know
Rory already gave us the the God talk he
gave us the guitar the God talk the the
you know God's made um oh sure sure I
was honest I was honest with them yeah
your eyes with my bap
and so what was broken in Santa Clause
say but Santa Santa Clause you guys
believe in them yeah yeah what was up
what's up man that might that might come
up you know I'm hoping that I can just
spin it as listen it was fun you enjoyed
it you had a good time and it didn't
really have the moral consequence
say sure others did and I don't think
they would be mad at me
like for lying to them about Santa Claus
button I don't I didn't want to do it I
agree with my wife though that you know
listen like Santa Claus is a thing that
is going to see I didn't really care as
long as I got fucking presents yes I
remember this these are great it's a
great item to get these things fucking
murder what the fuck are those the
pennies for tears and they're gonna just
murder what do they do I think they're
more powerful and it might be tied to
how many coins I have which means a year
super super powerful which means I'm a
mega I'm a super star which means I'm
not even gonna go to the boss and I'm
gonna try to loot these rooms first this
is the final boss coming up like the
final final boss I believe this is the
final final boss of all bosses that you
can possibly get in the game not in the
game as far as far as I can get right
now okay this is as far as I can go like
a pig and shit jack pig and shit love
this game so fucking much this is it
this like I've said this before this is
my desert island game this is the game
that I could replay over and over and
over again and for afterbirth Plus which
is coming out soon they're opening up
mod tools for people to make their own
items their own levels like they're
they're opening a lot of shit up to the
community just because you know like
they're done with it yeah okay you guys
you guys have the wheel now which you
know for someone who plays as much as I
do it's fantastic I just wish it would
come what do you say to those bones well
we don't need the heart well I was
checking sometimes rocks have little X's
on them yeah and if I came across a rock
with a little half a little X on it it
might have an increased damage thing
it doesn't calm I'm looking at I know
you know I got super green
I'm not super worried if you notice in
the lower right hand corner I have a
pill that says full health so if I do
lose a bunch of Hearts I can just pull
help it I'm gonna go to the boss like
I'm getting super greedy crocodile brain
says hey guys did you see the view count
on the 7th guest streamer ivory watched
it so many times now it may be my
favorite prereq stream of all time
thanks for suffering through it happy
holidays know now you know everyone No
thank you saying it was high enjoyed
that stream everyone else miserable
watching that stream you know I I
rewatched it cuz I cut those up recently
yeah for YouTube and like I could see
how it would both be enjoyable and
frustrating because a lot of it like I
was cutting up the part or do you
remember the can puzzle yeah but you got
spoiled and I didn't know many words
yeah
and I could just see someone being like
fucking no your words your words did
City forces Jack I've heard you're good
friends yet I've never seen you in the
same room together would you happen to
know if fuck bought five thousand does
children parties oh well fuck my
resistor break tits tits tits they're
just intense at the end of that okay I
don't see fight Isaac
I'm not using my item properly
this is this is epic this is it I'm
gonna be quiet no fuck BOTS and I are
not good friends he's not good fuck
about 5,000 is no good friends with
anyone because you know just rapes
things so fuck about 5,000 has no
friends I thought he was dead fuck about
5,000 is is in sleep mode hibernation
mode as far as I know fuck about 5,000
is in hibernation mode and that's good
that was a good run that was a good run
felt good about that but you guys can't
hear the game why can you not hear the
game no we want me to do to do I didn't
that's the thing
display audio
oh I'm sorry if you guys can't hear the
game we did tell you I will rich I
didn't sing oh we didn't see it
hold on I will see if I can fix this
a jeep a J pimp salsas Jack story of
YouTube losers reminds me wait he says
you're starting YouTube losers
here's five bucks for continuing the
Jesus Christ shut up already you fucking
losers series looking forward to your
next dose of humble pie for these wusses
okay now you should be able to hear game
audio yes no yes chat we've we've seen
the millions of posts about how the the
dog-sitter guy was in the beanie baby
video it's it's a little bit too late
than do anything about it now it's
deafening it's deafening now it should
be good game audio is on great all right
great
now we're good to go yeah these
challenges go forward go forward did you
know that dumb what that the the guy
from the dog sitter video who intruded
yes I didn't know well you know what we
know it at the time and for and I didn't
see the dog sitter video I was not part
of that I did but it was like over a
year ago at this point beans it's on the
cards what's fun that's a fun one I
don't fucking know oh there's extra oh
my god there's extra ones I think
computer savvy is a fun one
we're gonna do a fun challenge
computer-savvy is easy because you get
all of the we have this from before so
what's the challenge specifically uh
they just give you different powers out
so you instead of getting powers you
start with some this one's super fun
because I get the laser eyes and spoon
bender which means the lasers
automatically lock on do you can you get
other items or is this just like easy
mode no there's just there's there's a
this one in particular is kind of easy
mode okay just because these items are
awesome I actually don't think oh yeah
they're so there are no there are no
other rooms you can get I think it's
been a while since I've done the
challenges I'll be honest with you okay
the_last_rias is jay arm yeah a
Christmas tip for ye lads also no
spoilers but I saw rogue one yesterday
and I absolutely hated it
looking forward to the rlm discussion
though maybe I'm wrong lol war my
Christmas yeah I mean I think rich and
I've been pretty clear about our not
also liking it
yeah so I am very curious to see the
episode though I'm curious to see what
you guys have to say about it in full
big discussion yeah I believe it they
okay yeah so there are no power of rooms
this is it okay and already I'm kind of
failing so you're not really gonna get
more hearts no you can like you know you
can get hurt so well not like hard
containers right like I still think I
get power-ups from the bosses maybe hmm
we'll see we'll see like I said it's I
have all of these beaten on on my Vita
right does he like it isn't that fun how
kind of like do 'pls around and gets
both of them get out the corner you dick
got that corner Sean says John I can't
believe you did not skip over everyone
to read this tip this this is note is
probably no longer topical now oh wow
I'm sorry what is the hold and sauces
wrench
I noticed the Christmas tree in the
background is still standing did you
have a rage did you have a rage free
best of the worst this year merry
resistance yes I did because I would
never largely just be repeating the same
joke yeah that wouldn't be any fun like
everyone wants to show his pizza bear to
show up again like we did that we did
that we needed to find new things oh
shit I wasn't paying attention I just
started spraying into the Roman Health's
eautiful I think I blew oh well any more
you don't fucking dumbass I shoot
everything survey the room first then
start shooting I started shooting first
a Weissach oh wise ik I love you
sorry Jen says burn that's freezing
oh no well to be 55 degrees is
considered freezing oh shut your mouth
fuck off fuck the hell off so you know
it was today you know what was it was
that I supposed to get down to minus 7
yeah you know which foot we have outside
a fucking foot of snow the fun fucking
snow the last three fucking days
yeah oh my back's killing me from other
shoveling y'all usually prefer warmer or
cooler climates lol jingle my bells fuck
off
yes warmer climates before warmer
climates yes Oh Oh is there a chin now
you know I I do like the cold weather in
general the shoveling obviously sucks
but that's part of it I love sledding
took my boy sledding this weekend we had
a great time until one of them hit a
tree but you know overall I still don't
like the cold weather chat saying does
road 1 make us appreciate Lucas
no no makes me appreciate JJ Abrams's
you sure look whatever whatever problems
rogue one may or may not have ain't got
shit on the prequels for fucking
problems hey God just shit preach it
ain't got shit on the prequels e ^ 3
says for Jax kids from Santa yeah that's
always a project that the tip oh yeah no
you know like when's the last time you
saw a new hope yes it's been a while
it's not a while at this point what's
very interesting is a new hope is
actually a pretty slow and boring movie
yeah it's still you know like it's
simple it has it has its hero art but
it's it's generally speaking pretty slow
but put Lucas with the prequels and the
holy holy moly that's obviously rogue
one seems more nuanced then episode 700
is that what they're gonna say about it
in what way that's what they're gonna
tell themselves it's for nuanced because
it's violent like Saving Private Ryan
was that makes it nuanced I some of the
scenes that were a little more
militarized were kind of neat that's not
nuanced I wouldn't necessarily call that
new I'd like a character I gave a shit
about still nowhere near as bad as the
prequels think I'm on the prequels nice
to have a character arc one character
they cared about but the blind guy is
badass
Jack that's that's something you care
about oh yeah that one that one scene
where he did that badass thing was
really I liked his thing at the end yeah
yeah I liked him he was fine he was fine
he did that badass thing that I didn't
you know whatever whatever
people came to the beat
ah so much in the world gin has a
character her character arc is okay now
I actually do want to blow up the thing
that's her character for what no no Jin
has Jin has a character deviation she
does not have an arc she's going this
way and then she turns and goes this way
that's not an arc damn it you people you
Star Wars people insulin King 2016 says
hey Jack hey rich
did you see Anthony Hopkins is in the
new Transformers movie is it bad that I
think I'll go see it can Hopkins save a
product like this no he can't but if you
want to go see it if you think it'll be
entertaining enjoy yourself don't care
I'm a bear one in the chat says riches
as a Star Trek fan what do you think of
Galaxy Quest fun homage slash parody
Galaxy Quest is really fun yeah it
really is cowlick x is good do you have
any big box shopping that's right big
box shopping cults in Milwaukee that you
belong to cults
I'm not sure who to trust Sam's Club or
Costco oh yeah I hear in 2017 they will
make shopping great again around here
any opinions hi there's one Sam's Club
around here sir Costco up here not near
like there's a Costco like 45 minutes
away I've been there a couple times
that's fine
hey those are all of those like pay for
membership big box yes it's always the
greatest first shopping trip you'll ever
have yeah oh
my god I can buy 20 cans of beans and
then you'll just never go back because
the grocery stores closer yeah yeah you
know I never
that's usually what happens I think I've
been like a member of box stores before
in the past and you know I'll just
forget T C brainy 133 says baby Jesus is
an asshole
hey sir Danforth says I enjoy watching
streams to see if I'd enjoy a game ever
hear of steamworld heist just popped up
on my Steam Q it says it's XCOM inspired
but you manually aim your shots sounds
interesting I don't know about the
manual aiming your shots and yeah I
looked into that after I had a really
fun time with steam world's what was the
steam world game that I played I don't
recall I don't recall what was I played
one of the steam world games steam
world's chat jet you have to be my
memory now what steam what steam world
game did I plays hi I played I play I
played it yeah it's great so that was
the one you played very memorable and
you remember that you're a robot
yeah that's you're the robot on the
spaceships and you got to like move your
troops in but then you had to kind of
manually I think I kind of remember that
it's it's ex time for Jack I don't think
rich would like it because it would it
doesn't have the tactic it doesn't have
the full tactical yeah nuances that an
ex-con would have yeah but for someone
like me I really enjoyed it because it
was it was very simple
the not manual aiming for me is very
important because you're trying to
influence
to get a better shot if you're manually
aiming that that all goes out the
fucking window
right so I I liked it it's not a
tactical exercise at that point it's a
skill exercise which isn't necessarily a
bad thing but I wouldn't say it was like
XCOM it has XCOM like elements but you
know like XCOM is it makes it
fundamentally different from XCOM if
you're trying to make that comparison
that's fair yeah
but not necessarily bad right those be
like doom you aim and boom and I know
what's the different experiences I'm not
trying to compare doing my next job yeah
that was a fun game I liked that I
played it a lot I beat it on the DS
great game on the DSi I was thinking
about getting the DLC and just never got
around to it and still on King 2016 says
hey guys I just rewatched the Elend best
of the worst curious how it was behind
the scenes with you having ripped apart
his films was that awkward he seems to
half mumble throughout the episode just
curious it was very awkward that way
it's apart his last film but he was
super cool about it he was a good it was
a great guy
Len was and is a great guy he was
especially a little hostile towards me
because I think I might have been the
harshest on him towards these movies but
even though even though we made fun of
his movies he was still a super cool guy
like you know before we met him we said
we didn't know what was gonna happen
right I was half expecting you know him
to wait for us to do by his flight get
that all booked and then just not show
up as a fuck you sure I half expected he
didn't do it
so which is better the S or the other
I'm going this one because like I seem
to get a more variation what's that one
oh that doesn't do anything right like
this seems to give me a little more
variation then yeah yeah
lost in technicolor says just water to
interrupt godly looks real quick you
have a merry Columbus everyone that
Columbus what are you sing chrimbus have
a Merry Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas everyone was either joke there
holiday that's not Christmas they have a
chrimbus special like okay I made a hole
that's great and it's great seems like
you're kicking ass this run - yeah yeah
this is just a challenge like we like we
said earlier where it's like challenge
that doesn't seem to be much of a
challenge for you Jake chose an easy one
I chose an easy one to start with there
are there are much harder ones
sorry chances speaking of a here's a tip
hoping you watch this right now
because I may be leaving for dinner soon
don't worry it's only 15 seconds
q link of Totoro screenplay quality
quality Totoro screaming which is
actually just rich Evan saying sir sorry
like that shit the chat that's quality
that's funny that's very fun dirty
I'd like it myself but this is a fucking
touchpad I don't know how to do this how
do you highlight
