Episode 015
Finding a busted PS4 controller
January 22, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk09X13mefQ
___________________________________________

we're back you are back I'm back I
welcome everybody from from your
tropical paradise is back from my
tropical paradise we we got questions
already about generic bleach how was
your trip I had a lovely trip that's
good
I loved the trip yeah you know a lot of
family a lot of drinking do you do you
miss the snow on Christmas we I was me
my wife my two boys we were gone on
Christmas Day we actually flew Christmas
Eve so we were out of the country okay
miss day so so yeah like it's weird for
me because actually like my family has
been going down to the Bahamas the first
time I went down there I was two weeks
old Christmas my mom was not Jack what
Jack talk into the mic hi
so at we've been going down there
actually for Christmas since I was born
basically kept like for me it's not a
big deal
for my kids like they were a little
worried about having Christmas down
there but we just had our Christmas
early so yeah so anyway while we were
down there I know and my Mike isn't a
weird placement because I'm gonna be
over here later
fixing my busted-ass ps4 controller
while we were down there
people were asking about how Tana might
now and I'm not tan at all because I
don't really tan I burn yeah and then I
go back to pale and we use a ton of
sunscreen and and most importantly we
stay indoors between 11:00 and 1:00
that's it that's what we're really doing
but is the prime sunshine or I'm
sometime we are indoors which is great
for me in any case we were down there I
went grocery shopping and you know it's
it's a different country it's it's not
as first world as we are and they have
just generic bleach so I tweeted out
generic bleach and that's where that
picture comes from okay
okay why can we only see the controller
that rich hates rich do you hate the ps4
controller no I've said I kind of like
it compared to the
Xbox one though the Xbox tiles could've
been grown on me in recent years I
prefer the Xbox one I don't I don't get
why the I don't get the off-center thing
with the Xbox one I just don't get why I
prefer this because my thumb rests at a
neutral position here and I prefer that
whereas the neutral position here is the
d-pad and then you have to kind of
stretch your kind of Shh
alright so that's why I prefer the
experts on but we have this out because
look at this everyone your finger is
covering it peel it away peel it away so
they can see how janky torn mine did the
same thing like the first week I had it
where the rubber the rubber is tearing
off of the analog stick and it's it's
it's they're both black the the the
plastic coating the the rubber coating
and the plastic underneath but yeah also
I need to clip my nails do you see how
awfully long my nails are I would cut
your nails on vacation and if you need
my defense I was just on vacation and we
did not have a nail clipper
oh that's good that's good it's mine
mine has done the exact same thing it's
I think we get it
I think I think we get it okay that's
the point so on vacation this segues
perfectly on vacation actually um I was
playing a little binding of issac I
brought my laptop with me
okay that's by a little binding of issac
and doesn't they need to see what you're
doing with the tools I really need to
rethink yeah yeah
here let me that works no it doesn't
because uh all right hold on everyone
rich bring stream back you gotta fill
time well I had to put my microphone
back into place that night and film time
just fine jack right well you're fuckin
around why didn't why don't you think of
this beforehand fuck's sake a simple
repair ends with the studio burning down
says over Newman what are they doing to
that poor controller well that poor
controller is a shitty built ps4
controller because apparently this is a
common issue with the rubber ripping off
the fucking analog stick because I moved
it forward you have to slide the thing
back because it's too far for because
those mics are heavy great start you've
had your rotoscope ik has had his ps4
controller for years and never had an
issue both of us less than a year and
the analog stick is ripped up just from
light use cuz the only thing I really
use the goddamn ps4 for is blood-borne
much on the ps4 what are you doing Jesus
Jack for Christ's sake the mic he's
working on it
can't hear jack can't hear Jack Jack is
getting static electric shocks
repeatedly and he is saying oh is it
just not plugged in you plug the wrong
thing in the wrong corded so how's
everyone doing here um John says rich
you've inspired me to play XCOM so I
blame you for having to watch the
heartbreaking deaths of so many of my
core core squad during the base defence
mission and not my incompetent
leadership glorious I was talking about
that pissed me off where I i lost the
soldier at the very end of the game
thanks to a perk the close combat perk
going off when I was in stealth and
ruining the stealth the soldier got
granite on that run I got through the
base defense missed
base defense mission I didn't even lose
any of the generic security grunts they
give you for that mission everyone
survived that mission why the TIE
fighters boys because they're there we
have them yeah don't you guys like Star
Wars
we're gonna we're gonna get into that
okay hey I fixed my microphone I forgot
about the noise loud name device is what
happened okay so good and we lost the
camera
you fix the camera I'll keep talking
merit rec times is rich I just got next
time to for ps4 and it feels way harder
than the first it is at first once you
get used to it it's about on par with
the difficulty of enemy within it's
about on par once you are used to it so
the camera just froze goddamn
motherfucker
and then the camera isn't working
because it's actually froze on the
screen the ps4 controller has flipped
upside down in reality it's sitting
there right-side up the camera is frozen
you can't tell because it's a still life
80's T's a TS TS a TS d fucking love
Star Wars
by the way we will talk about rogue one
spoilers potentially like if you ask us
questions about it the spoiler more
moratorium that's my word Bertram is
over a moratorium I'm not sure that's
the correct what is the correct word
something like that all right
it could be moratorium and that just
seems wrong it sounds weird to my ears
oh hey hey that we've camera all right
thumbs up everyone thumb's motherfucking
up look at that how weird my hand looks
looks plastic right oh I did something
you would have you been replaced with
like an early model Terminator you do do
do do you gonna try and kill me during
the stream moratorium use Kirk that's
just not that sounds like maybe I'm
thinking it sounds so close to mortuary
all right here we go okay so during
during my indoor downtime
when I'm on vacation yeah I played a
little Isaac and there's a lot of family
a lot of family there are these four
screws here here they explain everything
you're doing and why you were doing and
he said those are the four screws you
need to remove yeah so as as I'm in
doing my endure time I'm playing a
little Isaac cuz I got my computer with
me oh hey after birth plus is coming out
soon I get some Isaac time and really
having a good time with him my cousin
whom whom is like a brother to me
my cousin Jake the guy who directed Mike
and Dave nude wedding dates yeah he was
staying with me this year him and his
family were staying with me my family
this year and he sees me playing because
was telling about Isaac a little bit and
and all of a sudden like later on in the
day I come back into the place we're
staying and he's still motherfuckin
playing it yeah well good enjoy the
thing they do showed him because it's a
great thing and he did it on his nice
tropical vacation he's indoors playing
Binding of Isaac that's fine that's fine
that's fine
stay he's still playing it on my
computer he's some pointer you just like
get off of my computer well you know
like I I want to share Isaac with as
many people and you know I know he works
a lot he doesn't he doesn't get much
game okay you could bite and you know
like eventually I can get a little game
time he watches me i watch him I give
him some tips and everything's great
he actually bought it for his computer
but he didn't have a controller so now
he's just stealing my controller the big
dickhead but he loves it he can't stop
playing Isaac but he's using my
controller and I'm not blaming him for
ruining my thumb stick
I'm just saying after he played a bunch
of Isaac my thumb stick got him Elrond
you know I think it's just a bad thumb
stick yeah in any case so now I'm
replacing my thumb stick because it's
all gingka fine Chet if you think
tie-fighter stands for twin ion engine
your fucking nerd that's what they say
it stands for but it's called that
because it looks like a goddamn bow tie
that's why it's called a tie fighter
oh that makes sense it looks like a Bill
Nye tie and then they want it then they
wanted to make it like sound like it
actually meant something real yeah no no
that's like it something Star Wars II
yeah
twin ion engine does it have looks like
would have one in the back where's the
twin coming from fans with the engine is
it an engine that's a it's a big solar
panel yeah and I think that's what moves
them through is like the two solar
panels like what's that round thing in
the back there's no it's not like you
don't see like a glowing thing on the
back like you do with that with the
imperial star destroyers come on I'm
trying to get this open now that's why
you're not seeing it I'm trying to pop
it open what about the x-wing are you
telling me it looks like an X yes when
you see it head-on it looks like an eggs
damn you damn well know that you're
fucking with me no no they weren't
fucking with you they were helping make
your point okay they were they were they
were giving you another example of
something in the Star Wars I get it okay
I thought it was fucking with me
you just assume I do as I get fucked I
get fucked with a lot yeah the X and X
wing stands for extreme speed nice fix
that I'm fixing I'm trying to I'm shoosh
don't tell anyone rich is a Star Wars
fan I like Star Wars well enough I just
don't love Star Wars there's there's a
difference yeah like I like science
fiction so actually x-wings and Tie
Fighters that's one of the things I
actually really like about Star Wars the
TIE fighter that's just a great looking
science-fiction ship as is the
Millennium Falcon okay this thing that's
great
that looks great Star Wars loses me when
you start talking about the force that's
when Star Wars starts losing me okay so
I have to get those four screws off
here's important this is got this thread
here and you have to just you have to
unplug it from this little area over
here Jai are boring as fuck yeah they're
fine you know in the confines of the
movies in the confines of the movies of
the movie yeah Jedi's Luke is the most
boring character huh Luke is the most
boring character in the original trilogy
Luke is the most boring game when I was
a kid yeah and I played Star Wars with
my little brother yeah I let him be Luke
I wanted to be hung that's fine that's
put you know what that's fair but that
sounds it but in the confines of a movie
a movie needs in the context of a
fantasy movie and their fantasy movies
more than science fiction movies it's
fine absolutely absolutely
okay so the next thing we got to do is
we got to take out this battery so it's
just that but then you also have to
unplug it from this Dooley bop right
here
and that takes a little pop it up
there's the battery Oh what my god
so now yeah I guess I don't need to take
that apart I maybe I do sorry
well there was some debate on whether or
not I need to take out the battery this
battery thing which just kind of yeah
explain what you're doing like what you
took off some of those cord things what
are those okay so well so so this this
ribbon yes is what powers is what
connects the back to the front and so
like that'll send the information to the
lights and that'll send the information
from the the actual USB port to the
front so that rim is a but you know like
that just connects here so that's an
easy unplug there's this little guy
which is the reset pin and I don't know
what it does but everyone just says
don't lose this guy so I'm not gonna I'm
gonna put that right there with my
things not to lose so now I unplug the
battery whoop I unplug the battery from
the little battery thing plug thing oh
yeah I'm using all the technical terms
here's the battery
I'm putting the ribbon powers everything
huh they're saying the ribbon powers
everything well the battery powers every
well the ribbon is what connects the
power the ribbon the ribbon is what
connects this where the ribbon is what
connects this USB hole to everything
else so that's how it gets charged
that's how it gets charged and the
ribbon also sends the information to
this little uh to the LCD or to the LED
okay so now we have to remove this
battery plate which according to the
stuff I just watched like literally you
just rip off which seems terrifying I
hate that when you just have to like
break stuff apart and electronics what
do you wait what are you breaking I'm
not breaking it's just like hard to get
out it just pulls out yeah and I think
that's terrifying and I don't
necessarily need to just I don't think I
need to oh no I do because there's
another you can't oh here sorry I keep
forgetting this right here this white
thing is enough
ribbon that connects to the board right
here and so I need to unplug that and so
in order to unplug that you need to take
off this battery backing and in the
videos I saw that like it made awful
noises so I'm trying to oh god that
sounds like it broke but it didn't
it's just plugged in here I'll show it
well yeah once I get this other guy out
oh that's awful it's just like jammed
into this hole right here that's all
that battery backing was it just jammed
into that hole so also I need to
remember how all this goes back on it's
not breaking its a persuasive set it's a
persuasive separation nice one fruity
Bob exactly what is someone saying pull
straight oh god oh god I know I know
alright so then this little ribbon thing
here it has this if you can it has this
little blue lip right here meant to pull
definitely a word focus I know it
bothers me that this camera well you
know it's it's a rich girl Amazon or
order I'm a new controller this won't
end well says I'm lunchy you know what I
was thinking about that I was like oh
this is all broken I'll just get a new
controller but then someone someone on
Twitter said you know you can just buy
new thumb sticks I said really
cuz that's something that I would want
to do so then this whole board is
connected to the front of the controller
just by this one screw right here
Tiberius Kirk and all caps saying use a
plastic sputter not a conductive metal
screwdriver through late how about that
too late it's it's too late if it's
broken I'll get a new one I have another
one at home where does where does I
squeeze GATS come from ninety-seventh
jackal you have to ask Mike where he
heard it but it comes from Mike used
that for the flick it reviews as far as
what song it's from
that I do not know the biggies I don't
know much about the hips and the hops
cool yeah it's fine looks cool from what
I've seen the they I could have just
taken the board out but they say it's
better if we take the whole housing out
so then these like look that just pop
right off right yeah do you unscrew the
part of it huh these you still have like
the bottom part of them what about one
of the replacements look like oh they
just little room like I'm shocked they
fit perfectly on the I guess they just
probably should have a generic thing
that everyone uses yeah yeah this uh
these are some some xbox thumb sticks
that I got on Amazon for like six
dollars and I could have just replaced
the one but I figure if I'm gonna
replace one I should replace two I'm not
ignoring your donation question jack is
this is like for the controller fixing
stream I think Jack explaining what he's
doing is important and I don't want to
talk over that I'm going to I'm going to
get to it all so here look at the two of
them yeah we use the busted ones so you
can see like that's the exact same base
you see them and one is just ps4 and one
is Xbox what does it look like without
the plastic I mean once you take the
rubber off of the ps4 one not the
plastic the rubber this rubber yeah move
my drink so it doesn't go right into my
drink
my part of its glued on it's like it's
glued in the center but all of this
stuff peels away very easily that's some
you know that is that some shoddy
craftsmanship right there rich yeah I'm
gonna so I'm going to say that I'm gonna
say that I'd like to ps4 controller for
a lot but it's not glued all the way
around I can pull all of this off the
sides Xbox thumb sticks and a PS
controller
oh the sacrilege this is says and I love
this name says Doctor Doom it up doctor
do it up you know what I like the Xbox
thumb sticks their quality of thumb
stick so now theoretically so this is
the Xbox thumb stick Mario Mario 42
saying is it over molded or glued over
molded or glued and that's a good
question I this the the base feels glued
like I'd have to really pry this this
top layer off that feels glued I don't
even know what overmolded means okay
what I don't either
okay like you can kind of see here this
the side the sides are what's peeling
off the easiest so I think they just
meant like molded on there like they
melted it on the stick itself rather
than glued it on yeah like they just put
the stick in a mold and injected mold
over the analog stick as it was in the
mold to make the rubber that's my guest
for / molded but I don't know things but
like this Xbox one it feels like the the
rubber is a part of it this doesn't feel
like it's glued on it oh yeah so like
you know here's what makes a analog
stick an analog stick the analog stick
looking that's what an analog stick
looks like all right it's neat looking
so then this have you never taken a
controller apart before me yeah why is
this why is this magical to you Jack
don't you just think it's why why is it
magical to you i yeah it's just an
analog stick controller you got a you
got to say whoo look at this it's need
now because I think like standard piece
it's a standard piece of equipment
but like you know look at the look at
this I know you're being funny but yeah
you know how it moves freely and then
it's just like it's too like catches
over here that meant that Kent that
makes the left-right movement and it
moves freely and I think it's I think
it's beautiful so anyway I love
electronics the people the rubber on the
ps4 rubbed off ripped off yeah awkward
use felt bad yeah not bad these people
and some people in this chance that you
know why don't just buy another one
absolutely how much is a new ps4
controller cost Oh like I think when
they're on sale they're like 30 $40 on
sale yeah and normally they're probably
like 50 bucks how much did these
replacement arguing well superior Xbox
one analog sticks cost I got four of
them for six dollars with free shipping
so six dollars for four for four of them
so three dollars so three dollars I
needed one right I only needed to
replace one I am rad so for three
dollars I get two and so $50 is normal
yeah so like or I can spend a little
time to do some research
luckily I had some help with people on
Twitter saying hey you know right right
oh no way I think these have to line up
in particular yeah
let's need so you just put it back
together you just put it back together
that goes right all right
I'm gonna catch up with these tips sorry
Jen says oh goody you guys are doing
part of my weekend job for your stream
tonight don't mess up jack putting it
back together sucks oh god thanks Siri
also have another dream obligatory did
you get the thing I sent you again
picked up mail today I was in the middle
of doing it actually when Jack showed up
there if any mail so there's a ton of
mail behind me there's a ton of mail
okay so depending about what you sent me
I almost certainly got it
humberto cabbage pad says Jack I'm Jack
did you like a rival oh my god a rival
is fucking awesome so I need to see a
rival you need to see a rival and you
need to see it's so fucking fast yeah
this is all dinners I have no idea okay
oh yeah look that's gonna work great
that's gonna work great
part of the part of the the joy of
rooming with my cousin who is in the
directors guild yeah he gets a bunch of
screeners because he gets to vote for
Oscars yeah cuz that's how the Oscars
work by the way
directors vote for Best Director
producers know for best producer so on
and so forth and so my cousin Jackie
who's in the directors guild has a bunch
of screamers squares and he had to watch
a bunch of stuff while he was on
vacation well he didn't have to but if
you wanted to vote on any actor so I got
to sit in on a bunch of awesome movies
including arrival which I really wanted
to see anyway and it's so fucking good
it's that kind of it's that kind of
boring ass sci-fi that doesn't really
exist anymore it's it's basically the
first hour is Amy Adams doing homework
and showing her work and it's great and
then like the last little bit of it is
almost like a little action II movie
without with all that sciency build-up
it's great I will see it when it's on
the video slash Netflix slash DVD yeah I
really recommend it we had a I really
enjoyed watching them we also saw like I
don't want to say too much about it
because you know obviously I don't want
to ruin you don't want to ruin anyone
else's enjoyment all I can say is it
really does do you know the premise of
it I take a stab based on the name first
contact with some kind of alien city
yeah it is kind of like a contact II
kind of thing but not like contact even
just describe it without people don't
don't don't even try don't say it's good
and leave it at that there's a potential
spoilers really good slow smart sci-fi
and amy adams is great okay
who's Jeremy Renner's also in it Hawkeye
yeah
yeah and you know before or Hansel
Hansel Hansel and Gretel vampire burger
Cabbage Patch when I'm to say I thought
it was great probably the best movie of
2016 rich I love our XCOM team thank you
for taking me aboard when you were gone
yeah I think some XCOM like usual we're
naming you know people on the chat as
our soldiers and actually did two
streams that I'm taking this one through
to the end really this one's gonna be a
full XCOM playthrough yes so so far you
haven't lost anyone I have oh you went
very bad very early the first night I
streamed it second night I streamed it
well I know you've been hoping for an O
death run I thought that's what this
might be it no I've given up trying
III had my heart broken while you were
gone I had the best
XCOM run of my entire fucking life
everyone this is when I wasn't streaming
it's like a few days and I wasn't
streaming everyone was kidding yes you
don't know what this means but there's a
base defense mission and X come and it's
a big important mission and they give
you like low health grunts just to use
as cannon fodder okay I didn't even lose
one of them I got two what would have
been one of the last few missions of the
game the the overseer mission there's
like one quick research project and then
you build something and then you get in
the game after that and it can go very
quickly if you wanted to I got to that
and on that mission I was smart about it
I had a like a sector pod you showed up
okay they're like big tanks and I'm like
well I brought Ghost grenades so I'll
have everyone take a shot at the sector
pod then I'll use my gross can raid and
he won't be able to shoot at us we'll be
in stealth okay so we're in stealth and
then the sector pods walking by because
it can't see us
and he walked close to us and my assault
this is just the biggest oversight on my
part my assault had the close combat
perk which means when an enemy he gets
close he takes a free / wide shot a free
May
Nitori overwatch shot the sector pod
which is a giant fucking powerful tank
walks by my assault stupidly takes a
shot at it breaks is his stealth mode
he's seen and the sector pod is
literally standing right next to him
flanked and I lost him it was my
favorite fucking soldier because you
told him to do that I don't know there's
like right at the end jack that's like
practically the end of the fucking game
I gotta I cannot fucking beat that
mission I could have like sneeze cuz the
last mission is a fucking fucking
cakewalk uh-huh I could have a negative
like skipped every mission ever that
just did the research I need to do and
I'd have been done I'd have beaten
ex-con on classic with no losses not
even on the base defense I heard out I'm
so sorry to hear that rich so then the
batter goes back in there that's got
this little so like cable management
thing that I want to make sure a loner
Oregon says trivia the second Death Star
fires concentrated dark side from one of
the Star Wars books in other words it is
a stupid idea and you are right about
Star Wars being limited rich I don't
know if you've ever said anything more
correct than the Star Wars universe is
very limited yeah yeah oh no I remember
Tiberius thank you for looking out this
little reset button thingy it's put that
back into I don't know what this is
which excitedly telling us about a sex
crime gaming session but that that's not
possible because I don't like anything
okay so now here is one of the hard
parts don't lose these screws I need
these screws
just gonna push him right here I'd like
to do the thing where oh you can't see
this like I like to organize my screws
like I took that one out of the top
bottom I hope everyone does this one
Jack Hoffman says it's limited unless
you have the balls to explore it yeah
yeah yeah they used to explore the Star
Wars universe you know what it was so
fucking awful that Disney literally
fucking erased it from existence
yep no no yeah but like it was Giants
the star was also ridiculous the Star
Wars universe the huge expansive
universe was so stupid that Disney
fucking nuked it and and Disney is a
money-making powerhouse if they even
with something that can make money
they'll greenlight a may I make a happen
make it happen all the stuff that makes
this money right they the entirety of
the Star Wars Expanded Universe they go
nope nope not gonna do us any good I got
to get this little ribbon back guys
can't really see what I'm doing here but
I'm just plugging in this ribbon back
this guy right here
my big dumb fingers get in the way oh I
got blinking lights
I got blinking lights but rich has never
read the books it's not true you've read
some expanding eye back in the day I
tried this before III I didn't I didn't
there was a here's how I discovered I
wasn't really a Star Wars fan okay like
right around the prequel tenet premiums
came out that's one like the book
started flooding in like that kind of
like mid to late 90s okay when star wars
but that's what Star Wars became more
than just the original movies like mid
to late 90s and you know the prequels
came out and they were fucking horrible
and like before the pre even before the
prequels came out like how are they
gonna make the Jedi interesting this
Luke is like the most boring thing Luke
in return the Jedi Luke loses his
personality he's the fun adventurous kid
and then in return the Jedi is like you
must come to the light side father I am
dull now because I am a Jedi and Jedi's
are dull we don't crave it you know is
their whole thing I'm like how you gonna
are you gonna make a series of movies
about these jerks yeah and you know it
was terrible
okay well that was terrible uh you know
what I'll try some of these Star Wars
books first everyone loved the Thrawn
Trilogy or whatever they call it the
wrong there's these three books that are
a trilogy of books
everyone cites them is the best thing
since sex okay and I started reading one
of those and this you know Star Wars
this huge expansive universe like Luke
and Han and and Leia they're all they're
all on different adventures in this huge
universe like unrelated yet they meet on
the same planet coincidentally like
three times in the first book like the
third time it happened if I call for
this and I stop reading that and then I
gave another book a try it was the
courtship of Princess Leia I was like oh
it's gonna be hon and Leia flying around
in the Faulk and doing smuggler stuff
running from the Empire oh that's gonna
be fun
I started reading that and they crashed
landed on a planet of Jedi witches you
know because the Star Wars is such a
huge unlimited expansive universe you
know there's a planet of Jedi witches
and I'm like that's really fucking
stupid that's so stupid that was so
stupid I went to like some kind of Star
Wars for and I'm like god this is so
fucking stupid why you know Planet of
Jedi which is why is why is there so
much Jedi crap going on in this star war
this expand this huge expansive universe
yeah why is everything
Jedi Jenna Jenna force force force force
vampire force salamander force hunting
tiger white why is in like light saber
why is everything so limited yeah and
then all of the fans were like that
strong worse it's not Star Wars without
the joy that was the moment I realized
oh I'm not a Star Wars fan Star Wars
isn't science fiction and I'm not really
a Star Wars fan that was the moment
you're not a Star Wars fan you're just
someone who liked to the Star Wars
movies for salamander ha ha ha look it
up there's a force dampening salamander
it's got a goofy name but there's a
there's a salamander that dampens the
force nice this film just feeling a
little bit too tall for that controller
but otherwise nice yeah and they're not
gonna rip off no they're not gonna rip
up great you know what and and we got
power coming on back cuz look boom see
light now that means that means I
remembered to plug everything back in
that's great that's great
hey I did it rich I replaced the sticks
on my ps4 controller yeah that's just
something I wanted to do so I did it I'm
gonna move my microphone back and we're
gonna we're gonna actually play a game
how about that okay
you feel good about that I feel fine
about that rich feels fine about that
oh there's the 97 Jacki question that I
read just saying it in the chat okay
sorry about that we're not sorry because
I actually did read your question
gobbledygook says I saw rogue one right
up for Christmas and I slept through
most of it to be fair I was in Tahoe
Tahoe Donner and the oxygen is thinner
there I I almost left there most of it -
what's going on let's do I need to move
come on you got this you got this I got
it now okay
captain molar says my mom's no
Philistine
but when Darth Vader magically tossed
dudes around the end of row one she was
completely confused that for stuff that
for stuff was nonsense
Oh pluck my hawk walk my hawk that was
that was the most disgusting fanservice
Oh
spoilers heads up rogue one spoilers
we're about to talk about rogue one I
know that every every bit of Darth Vader
in that movie was pretty awful and this
is this is how I know I'm not a Star
Wars fan because I thought that was the
dumbest fucking thing I'd ever seen
yeah but nobody on the ceiling I
couldn't leave the stuff I couldn't
fucking walk out of the theater without
getting a foot full of dork semen yeah
that's all it was
that was nonsensical that was absolutely
nonsensical and then and then like you
know they hand it off to Leia and and we
we discover that like not only does
rogue one take place like before new
hope it takes place minutes before a new
hope yeah it's bull hockey bolt that
whole movie is bull hockey Richard oh by
the way considering it takes place
minutes after road one doesn't it make
Leia seem all the dumber when she's
trying to explain to invader in a new
hope that they're on a diplomatic
mission now we just saw you leave with
the Death Star plans we like it happened
ten minutes ago you just disembarked
from the battleship that I was on Leia I
was their bitch
right
I made no sense considering a new hope
is about yeah it was it was so dumb it
was so dumb also like I don't know if
we've like just officially had a talk
about how bad grandma dark and CG was
its worst it's it's the worst it was it
was Roger Rabbit esque cartoon with
real-life people
it was Polar Express esque remember how
creepy the Polar Express was the Tom
Hanks movie yeah yeah yeah that's what a
reminded imagine Tom Hanks from Polar
Express talking with real people yeah
yeah yeah yeah well that's why I
consider that's why I did Roger Rabbit
because it was an actual cartoon
interacting with a human
hila CGI was fine
no Tarkin looked awful Tarkin looked
there is absolutely no God reason they
shouldn't have just recast harken or or
don't show him or here I mean here's
here's the thing you won't you want to
connect it to the other movies you want
Tarkin to be a part of it right yeah if
only they had some sort of device where
people could talk to each other but like
degrade the image quality
oh wait those little fucking hologram
things that they use all the goddamn
time right yeah
Tarkin could be fuckin Prince and show
that that image from behind as much as
possible talking to what's-his-face sure
sure or you know like put him on a video
screen calling in right there are so
many workarounds that don't involve
putting a cartoon man next to your real
world actors fuck rogue one and other
grandma sorry Jen says also I'm trying
we got a lot I'm just writing to catch
out go ahead also if this doesn't end
well you can just send it to me and
we'll fix it for free for you oh thanks
there I I think I I got it working I
heard that there's sometimes there's an
issue where the board will become
slightly tilted and then your buttons
won't press right but then you just open
it up back up again and like shake it so
I think I got it
Tiberius Kirk is saying he needs to be
on the Death Star at that point
the Death Star is the size of a small
moon he can be on the other side of it
if somebody is on the other side of the
moon you'll take a conference call to
talk to that person
rich you're a genius
I met the gunner cuz can I'm at the
gunner position currently overseeing
production what do you need Joe that's a
thousand miles away
clearly you couldn't come over here yes
this makes perfect sense or okay ready
for this ready for this so what was he
doing on the desktop
according to rogue one I don't even
remember according to rogue one because
I never said he was just there so what
if you say had him on his way to the
Death Star and then he'd have to call
because here's the fun here's the fun
thing about making movies rich Evans is
you get to make them up everything is
protect every I'd like and I'm sorry if
I'm ruining people's perception
everything in a movie is fucking pretend
right yeah and so that's where you as a
filmmaker get to be a little creative
and work with your natural limitations
like let's say I don't know like x-wings
don't exist you got to make those up
right let's say let's say a little oh
you have to like shoot someone that's a
squib that's fake or let's say you're
actors fucking dead if you get to work
around that
you know I'm saying they should have
because that was the most distracting
fucking thing it really was it really
was yeah but ultimately all of the
characters were boring and that's the
that's the real problem sure we could we
could have just been nitpicking the bad
CGG we could that easily oh why are you
in big big picture mode I don't know but
this is you controller we're doing
something like troller and nano steam is
a hard-on for big picture mode even
though it's stupid pants I don't hear
big picture my I don't know thank you
wobb wobb says always loved watching you
guys and this is just
I needed an ID very soothing to watch
Jax hands at work thank you for all the
great word
you're welcome blah blah thanks for
showing up yeah no that's just something
I wanted to do and I said hey I know we
had a good time with the computer
building stream yeah and people seem to
enjoy us just doing shit like that and
that's just something I wanted to do
this is a nice excuse to do it let's do
non windowed and I'm gonna well I want
to hit play on this but oh well I'll
update I'll update the other stuff first
no that's not what I wanted I wanted
this there we go busting
game but yeah and but and and by the way
so I'm on vacation right yeah I'm on
vacation and I'm checking my phone I
have some internet service oh here and
there I'm checking I'm checking my phone
and and my good friend Mike busts out
pointed yeah twice I know and it felt
good like I was like I saw Row 1 and I
walk out of theater I go oh my god every
people are gonna riot this sucks
people people are gonna go nuts because
of how bad this is
and everybody fucking loves it everybody
in the world loves it rich and I don't
get it I have a theory
yeah it's probably not gonna be a
popular theory oh no no it's a very
gritty movie yeah yes it's this is
related to my theory on video games in
art related in a vague wife okay very
gritty it's the war Star Wars this is
the serious war and it's it's serious
business and oh everyone dies at the end
and the Star Wars is serious and that
validates me as an adult man who is a
fan of a children's fantasy franchise
that means it's okay to like this no
because it's dark and gritty that's my
theory I don't know if that's true it's
probably not true with everyone in might
be true with some people it doesn't
that's all I got as for why people like
a movie when none of the characters are
particularly interesting I read none of
them you know who I did like I like I
don't think Jin is good I don't think I
can't even remember that guy's name the
main man I cannot even remember his name
can you would want the main man cassini
cuz you know whatever his name cassio
casserole I think I think they're all
season
Cassin hasten maybe case captain casein
okay Calvary not Calvary house own
calzone yeah he wasn't very good the one
character I did like actually a
character I would be okay seeing a whole
movie of is chroot he's the blind monk
you know why because he had possibly the
biggest character moment yeah of anyone
in the movie I agree to that he blindly
he blindly trusts in the force he has
faith in the force right and at the end
of the movie he has to put his life in
the hands of the force in order to
complete a task the the they're the only
reason that's not a character arc is
because he always had faith in the force
but it was that like something he had to
learn it was put to the test when he
beat up a bunch of stormtroopers oh no
and I didn't say hit an arc he had the
biggest character moment sure sure it
certainly wasn't an arc he had he
started the movie with trust in the
force he ended the movie with trust in
the force and by the way so he has we
first our first meeting of chroot he he
takes down a bunch of stormtroopers yeah
dodging bullets and and and whatnot like
super badass moment right why didn't he
do any of that badass stuff when he went
to flip the switch because it was more
dramatic if he walked if he walks for
remember people dying that's art no
you're right
I'm gonna start this game people dying
in horrible misery and it doesn't help
the movie and this is this is this is
this is limited just me it's my personal
pet peeve I protect this death for the
true witness protagonist death it
doesn't do it for me
never has grits oh good Trudy yeah
absolutely not
what valuable lesson on our characters
learning none they're just dead right
right you know go on with a greater
insider to themselves at the universe
now they're just gone they're just dead
doesn't do it for me no and you know
like they made that like they made the
choice to like die for the cause before
the movies but but the problem was it
didn't bother me because I didn't care
about these characters in the first
fucking place right that's the problem
we have no video we're working on it
we're working on it there's us and
there's the game hey we're gonna play
this glitter mitten Grove game that
people keep telling us about
