Episode 022
Spy the Orion Trail
February 1, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odWCD_28NXI
___________________________________________

I have like no sense of direction in
real life let alone trying to keep track
of like text-based maps that you can't
see okay that looks great and then we
got a fixer text here properties and we
say I feel okay motion sick is the
toughest part with those first-person
games yeah that's a run yes a trial
which is wrong oh it could be the orion
trial and it's not fun it's a trial
right if you don't do it I know all
right Ryan trials trial sound trail
trail sounds cute which was showing me
organ trail organ trail organ
transparent a lot of fun it was a lot
they used to let us play Oregon Trail
after all this little computer class
chat the Stanley parable experiment just
ended it just ended it was it was a
resounding success of an experiment
confirm the the hypothesis confirmed the
hypothesis
did I hear about the aliens and elite
dangerous no I did not found aliens in
elite dangerous like found them yeah
interesting I don't know if that I don't
know what that means
alright alright hey everyone let's get
to some tips alright we did the first
zone yep there's a second zone
all right where did Jenna Ellie wait
yeah what we've discovered is yeah you
need a whole new crew for every zone
which is kind of yes yeah yeah organ
well there's an Oregon Trail or Oregon I
guess since how some people say that
state but there's also a game called
organ trail which has zombies like like
organs and tissues oh yeah yeah all
right what do we won I want to stay away
from Captain Janeway because we did her
last time so we got attack and science
or we got science and diplomacy ooh I
you know what like look at that captain
like one I would love a bear for her
captain yeah that's fine were these ever
characters in any of the Star Trek this
isn't this isn't official like this is
Janey alleyway it's not captain gene yes
but captain forever does look fairly rad
captain forever okay great look at name
chen named jack name how we picking this
whenever we wonder the randomizer I mean
we got him
you stupid we gots the randomizer got to
use it I will then do for the captain do
sub-zone lottery subs only alright for
the captain subs only Emmett's cool cat
saves the kids have you heard of that
double space bazooka uh I have heard of
that I don't remember what it was purple
space bazooka you are now the captain
take the keyboard here you decide for me
excuse lighting in my
all right
first officer Paloma see in science what
do we want to so yeah we already in
science we need some with it
yeah I know these are grade this gotta
listen like a jack-of-all-trades here
for like cublas so is done Don Thakur's
got got us a little bit of all the stuff
we need he's go he's got tactics and
he's got a tactic that takes us in one
in every box then so what I say Don
Thacker you say don't look at that guy
people have different abilities and
Oregon trails but so long um I hit
Oregon Trail what do you wait nothing
oh I'll hit the thing I hit I now put
everybody everybody everybody
subscribers moderators and
nonsubscribers randomize over rocks 85
dots 80 dots 85 is our first officer man
I love that randomizer thank you so much
leftover beefcake that makes it so much
all right now we got hanna-barbera
character and Colonel bananas and severe
in you know a lot of tactics a little
bit bravado a little bit science
hey yonder yonder says hey assholes I
was here early but you assholes weren't
what gives
were you oxygenating your womb space I
want my damn money back for what and
yonder yonder also says speaking of
Awesomeness XCOM 2 is on humblebundle
this month for 4:12 you fucks that's a
great deal for X come to that's a great
deal blue dog got a bunch of stuff this
mumbles great rich should be interested
in thank you potentially I think you
guys have there's a lot of overlap
between your I would we are we doing
everyone again do we only get three f4
ok do everyone again for this one and
the last one just those french wookie
can you remember that yeah
mouki you knew I did that's close enough
is Benjy cuz I like the girls but hey
that's not my it's not my choice chant
water blue dye I want blue dog
absolutely
alright do we want a min/max a bit get
get some get some really high tactics
get some really high diplomacy we'll
need something we have no attack then we
just avoid attacking right no no these
have attack anyway that's not an option
it's just it's just not an option just
like get the max number of something
well we get either mentally let's go
with you celeb knees backspace and this
is gonna be subs only take a Rando M
tilts p.m. tilt right my R in there I am
tilt yes mmm films if you can whatever i
oh yeah that's right cuz you can't have
a space right alright
umm tilts you're on the team boom I
gotta get there from here we're there
we're here the maps get a little bit
more complex by the way oh yeah yeah fun
so everyone what do we want we want to
go heavy on food fuel hole do we want a
little bit of everything you know by the
way here's here's what the the dog
Bearer looks like our captain with the
helmet pigtails those little animations
kind of make oh they do they're adorable
adorable all right so what are we going
home with what are we going with I go I
say even-steven obviously we'll meet Ian
Stephen no I like even Stephen
I'm a fan of even steam right yeah we're
goin even-steven recruit more pimps for
you says will we see a half in the bag
prereq crossover episode regarding
Assassin's Creed no probably not no
one's mentioned anything I care so much
about the video game movies I am
especially with her games I don't care
that much about right I know like the
first Assassin's Creed's alright I hear
the movies pretty terrible which i think
is why they want us to do it's because
people like it when we shit on movies PS
Steve from stranger things is in a band
called post animal and they're playing
in Milwaukee on Monday at the cactus
Club which one's Steve isn't it like the
preppy that was the preppy kid
the preppy oh yeah he's playing at the
cactus Club preppy boyfriend or maybe he
keeps it whoo just so people recognize
them who wants to narrate Oh we'll take
turns
okay boom boom boom HR reports that all
your unpaid internships have expired
interns made up the most made up most of
the crew and without them the ship will
go dark worst no one will bring you your
morning coffee they are about to leave
by shuttle how do you respond so no one
throw fake they're all fake career fair
you know do all the jobs yourself or
automate their jobs well we don't have
much Bravo we don't have much bravado
bravado you know good tactics and we got
ok science so tactically I mean if we're
if we're just going numbers we go
tactics right yeah are we just going
numbers but if we go if we go science
does that question box means that we can
like earn some we earn the plus we earn
accrue - we might lose fuel right plus
the the boxes of random plus we don't
know what it could be it could be
anything ok this will get a screw it
might loses fuel no also don't hit don't
ask me to be strategic alright so you're
the one you announce overcomes that the
that the in destructive
- we'll be hosting a job fair to help
the departing interns know their future
opportunities little do they know the
only career showcased will be the very
low paying one right here
dun dun dun engage one one thing I had
no idea my options were so limited one
intern says as he flips through the
pamphlets that's a good thing we had
this job fair - content to contract my
hurrah
it's a good thing I had this job fair to
contract my horizons dreams thoroughly
crushed all the interns returned to work
yes plus four crew moving on game tells
you cases are there any plans for you
guys and Mike to do a video about the
new Star Trek series one Supreme ears
very interested to hear your thoughts on
it after it premieres also will you
stream Resident Evil 7 possibly stream
Resident Evil 7 anything's possible I'm
probably not anything official on the
new Star Trek series we'll probably
we'll cross that bridge when we get
there exactly I like you know Brendon
Urie well Jack Stern but oh let us
indicate that there is some sort of
floating memorial nearby your navigator
asks if you want to make the short
detour to check it out yeah it's plenty
respects fine captain Beck badges he was
warned not to try and seduce the queen
of the arachnoid x' he was unfortunately
successful in giving a powerful
impromptu speech about its meeting
halfway through you sneeze and interrupt
your train of thought apparently all of
the all of the gravestones were
Kickstarter rewards ah you've been
boarded oh great its inebriated galactic
mooch the cap Alka hey captain let's get
it let's get this party started
I'm super hungry
what's for dinner oh wait wait let's go
to Kapler burger and I Sai offer him a
snack
Oh lure him into the fuel vats hey the
cap lock I got your invite so are we
going with what are we going it's comic
book guy and Jabba the Hutt 44 min Max
and we're going with blue yeah well and
you know what also we have the most fuel
to burn in case we lose no I don't think
this things are all relative to them you
know the numbers you lose like more fuel
than you do food you know for instance
you explain to the kopaka that the party
is down on the engine deck you're hoping
his species dissolves in starship fuel
Oh and that it won't hurt him actually
you're not too worried about that
massive win no not massive win win at
all where it all is good I turned down
Rich's microphone partway in the engine
dude to cap out the Cobell cos sing
screams as he plods down to the fuel
stores plasma more with a splash the
fuel begins to violently churn and then
turn a deep purple you've supercharged
your fuel boom random Buster load says
hey three people if you guys didn't do
what you do now whatever that is
what other professions might you pursue
also have you guys ever pooped standing
up started doing it a month ago and it's
great you spot unexpected passengers
aboard taking holographic pictures and
asking impertinent questions of your
crew they claim to be fans from another
dimension where you your ship crew and
perils are viewed as popular
entertainment
I have never pooped standing up have you
peep standing up not the toilet where
where have you peeps tending up know
like like when I was a kid we had a pool
and if you had to go pee instead of
running inside we'd do it like
underneath the pool deck you know in
your clothes and then use the hose to
clean ourselves off yeah the garden hose
you know you know what I saw a
commercial for the other day is a little
stool that you put your feet up on
whilst pooping I've seen so that your
feet squat so your feet like you're in
more of a squatting position which is
apparently like how you know cavemen
poops it's that's how our bodies are
built right was it's how people who
don't have a toilet like that's how our
bodies are built to poop like in a
squatting position what I hear so it's a
tiny little stool that you put your feet
up on I thought to myself I've got kids
I got a bunch of stools in my bathroom
so like I pooped with my feet up on a
stool there's a difference you know they
make like rubber things so that wouldn't
feel supposedly like if you're traveling
or something that you could supposedly
just hold this over yourself and it
directs things but I know appliances but
like I know but like if I'm at home like
I'll still you know put my put my feet
up and I get like maybe it works better
no put your feet up on the wrap see how
that works
the squat is your feet by dribble I'm
working on it we are we doing diplomacy
leftover beefcake you are absolutely
right a bidet is life-changing if you
don't no one has a bidet they're super
cheap you can install them really easy
washes your butt it's the greatest thing
I need a bidet it's the greatest thing
brother I mean you can get it for like
20 bucks on Amazon what is like a
regular time they fit into regular
toilets they're not the the fancy ones
are the heated ones the 20 buck ones
won't heat up the water so it's cold
they're cold water some water coming
from from the from the from the tank I
hope not from the tank from the thing
that fills the tank okay but it's not
like coming from the bowl coming from
the supply and like it's super easy to
hook up hooks right up to any toilet and
it is god damn life-changing but then
you still use paper to dry everything
off or do you have like nobody ever
wants it like drivers oh yeah but those
are like the fancy like eight hundred
dollar one but you know what the fanny
fan UI you use significantly less paper
to dry then you do like normal wiping
it's great it's the greatest thing just
people are interested in the days down
down what do we what are we doing what
bodily function do we want to talk about
next
but days I could bid day for days I'm
going to examine them and they're those
have you tried one of those I even tried
one yes and I hear you stick it in one
nostril and it blasts your snot right
out the other nostril would it surprise
you to find out that I have used a neti
pot for a surprise me a bit they're
horrible Oh oh my god I hate it
what is this you've never seen a neti
pot it's a thing that you stick in one
nostril and you use it to shoot stuff
out of your other now it looks like a
genie lamp yeah and you I need a
scenarios I hear you've got one oh so it
looks like a genie lamp and you fill it
with water and a saline solution and
then you put it in one nostril you put
the the tip of the GMaps and then you go
like this right yeah
and the water goes up one nostril and
out the other nostril and it's just like
jor and you look like I'm a psycho
person as this sounds horrible
it sounds horrible it's supposed to be
good if you're like congested though or
something or allergic or something like
because your allergies it cleans your
nose like nobody's business it feels
awful but it cleans your nose like
nobody's business it feel like when you
get water up your nose in the pool yes
oh
Lisa I had Lisa used one a lot when she
was pregnant because like when you're
pregnant you have to be like very
careful about like what medication you
take and so she was super concerned
about that but her nose was super
stuffed up so she started using it and
she loves it so she got me and Eddie pod
I used it once and said fuck that it's
weird I'll just blow my nose and I don't
Lisa loves it
transdimensional travel it may prove
useful to you
trans dimension like Rocky Horror
Picture Show
yes transsexual - Transylvania exactly
like that you order the science teams to
carefully scan and observe the fans for
how they accomplish this that's right
it's an enema for your face they seem
distracted by every little detail of the
ship you think you may get away with it
well people usually use enemas on their
butt to clean things out before
procedures I don't even want to know
what you're cleaning your nose out for
lobotomy these fans have no idea do you
mind you know you've all been talking
about snot yeah you're better at it snot
input so thing was that it was an added
value experience they bought tickets for
its space con you've wasted valuable
resources a stern letter to space cam is
in order that was bad oh that was really
bad Oh asteroids
it's not is where the conversation went
and we and we took care of it we took
care of the conversation you're welcome
we're talking about all the important
stuff here likes not suddenly your ship
slows you have some parasailers attached
to the ship's back bumper screaming with
happy abandon their a thrill-seeking
race of extreme space sports enthusiasts
known as the park Corey get rid of them
or suggest a park or duel Plus crew -
whole + random - crew yeah well can
whole let's do the random simple enough
galaxy force wins the park quarry will
have to leave the indestructible - alone
the park Roy win you'll make them an
extreme trophy maybe no no righteous
team Galaxy Force wins
the Admirals so impressed he sends the
team on an interstellar promotional tour
to give demonstrations at schools huh
they're gonna be gone a while - six crew
says here's a $2 tip for a shunt day in
the pirate curse on humblebundle it's
one dollar I think it's the best of
shantae and the hero did you guys just
buy that last week after you here oh no
Chantay we played that a bit yeah you
played that a bit I saw how'd you like
it I was I was looking forward to that
it's cute you can like beat people with
your hair yeah what's the prize warmer
it looks great like it did you play that
off of my account or your guy
might have on it I think we bought our
mine okay so hungry and curious you dock
of the warp Junction bizarre promising
good so foreign you'll swear they are
theoretical you approached a current
loaded with glowing vegetables ready to
get what you want
propose a friendly quicken contest ask
about price matching and examine the
vegetable closely we got good tactics
you deviously question whether or not
the vendor will match the very low price
you just recently saw in a nearby system
for alien vegetables much more glittery
than these damn calling them out
critical fail critical no calls your
bluff
lately asking to be shown where to find
these lower prices wrapped up in your
life your lie you agree after three-day
journey you finally drop your full
hearty long cut foolhardy long con and
sheepishly take the vendor back to the
bazaar look at what we lost to prophet o
bravado and two hundred fuel 3:16 Oh
purple space bazooka you are a horrible
captain purple space land of like
izinski says watched fury road for the
50th time all three heroes have an arc
furious
furiosa learns not to run from her
problems Nux care you receive a message
from a nearby Mountie mining colony
inviting you to stop me this money you
wanted to hear something
apologize to whoever it is I see earlier
seriously sincerely my bad that's fine
it was funny so it's okay
all three heroes have an art you receive
a message
all three P heroes have an arc furious
villains not thrown from her problems
Knox cares for the hero and Max conquers
his flashbacks I also saw a la la land
and loved it that is the end of the tip
now I'm really looking forward to seeing
lala land we went to the movies and then
I advice what was about you said I think
it has something to do with Los Angeles
and then we look and I said well I
believe that Maori or whatever it is 1
the Disney one with those yeah whatever
it is it's got great reviews and it
looks pretty so I'm like well I've been
wanting to see that and so we went to
the theater and Christmas Day and then
we realized that the only seats
available we're in the front row and we
decided to skip it gotta get that app
that Marcus app online but I'm just I
don't think that way yet I'm not used to
that my brain hasn't it's a good idea
it's a great idea
yeah oh yeah and I love the I love the
Dreamliner seats and I hear some places
have them heated now Oh daddy they have
like take a nap I'm like come on oh god
yeah but I think the problem with
theatres in general is you know you're
in a dark place it's do you receive a
message from a nearby mining colony
inviting you to stop by
to trade resources they seemed friendly
enough all right nobody's got low HP
let's chat with locals he wandered the
cramped halls of the mining colony until
you come upon something resembling a
general store and a bar an elderly Grob
Yulin leans against its tall board I'll
sell you some people for food where'd
you get all that food where'd my people
go but it a la la land is a musical it's
a musical starring Ryan Gosling and Emma
Stone it is set in Los Angeles what's it
about I probe to beautiful people in Los
Angeles I assume I have okay a love
story I don't care it's two beautiful
people singing in LA so it's like it's
gonna be great that's all I know
that's all I know about it and I've
heard some good things you finished your
dealings with the grab you land and take
a look around the bar still seems to be
open Wade I'm being stupid it's like
you're in the yellow and three out of
four squares it's not looking great take
a look around the bar spec with lively
characters from all around the sector
who would you like to talk to one of the
miners or the bartender or you could
head back which one which one Oh have a
chat with one of the miners what I
already talked to the bartender miners
are sitting around enjoying the time off
after introducing yourself and chatting
for a while it's clear that these guys
are pretty short staffed and
undersupplied so are we
so I answer diplomacy
but we'd be trading something something
yeah either one doesn't matter they're
ours the peas the miners are willing to
give you some data on some of their more
unusual or in exchange for some whole
planning to reinforce their shuttles
they could always use more helping hands
to do it I'm doing it
the miners thank you for the extra help
and transfer the agreed-upon stuff to
your daybed I'm sorry you returned to
the hub general store is still open but
the bar appears to be closed that's
backwards bars are usually open later
than regular stores all right all right
finally time to leave moving on up evil
Lord David says hey guys David jumping
in stool poops are good for older people
I like to call them stools tools
Oh
sensors indicate that there are some
sort of floating memorial nearby their
navigator asked if you want to make the
short detour to check it out will you
pay your respects or stay the course
this pair of respects Cheryl plots
firmly planted in the ground that's nice
what are your officers tackles you and
knocks you to the ground
a swinging blade trap clangs harmlessly
above the gravestone hey Plus tactics
all right so we're gaining stats but
we're fucked on supplies
Trat even robs you vented fancy space
hopefully you can pass through without
anyone
hahaha what do we have here what have we
here a Galaxy Force Cruiser
how droll prepare to be boarded by the
great wreck you lot for your
extravagance evaluation deploy the gaudy
goggles flutter rock you lot to distract
him escort rock you lot to your private
quarters okay now we're gonna deploy the
the gaudy goggles do it deploy your
chief inventor is honored that you
remembered the gaudy goggles he presents
them to you explaining that if
rocky lotta wears them on his tour he
will see the most magnificent ship
imaginable with the Gotti goggles in
place a rocky lad sees a whole different
ship your ship is astounding come follow
me to my distant homeworld we can
discuss upgrades distant was an
understatement do you burn a lot of fuel
but it was worth it no random item cruel
critically low on food and fuel Molly
nutria paste according to your head chef
a batch of nutria face has become
infected with a strain of flu via mold
rendering it completely inedible however
if you exposed the effective paste with
some high-energy radiation that kill the
mold dump the food or belted fuel
situation situation don't dump the few
yeah oh this is 15 we can deal with them
Oh God
I know operation innovation your menu
your manufacturing robot MK 421 has
constructed an exact copy of herself she
informs you that she has lots of ideas
and wants to make more friends this
makes you a little uneasy her green eyes
blink at you awaiting your orders ask
her to build a giant friend offer her
full use of the lab or build me an army
like we have the most hull to lose so
you almost want to say build me an army
we're gonna lose that one almost for
sure though well maybe science grateful
grateful
I shall relocate to the laboratory your
chief scientist scientist isn't too sure
about this but you don't care you want
to see what this robot can do okay
everyone we won that was the point we
got it did it but did the thing MK 421
is ready to present the fruits of her
labor optimistic I present to you a
squad of non-violent holographic crew
members they are projected by small
mobile Rovers that scuttle across the
floor
I call them hume bazoombas yeah no I get
it
part is good one is good dots 85 says
here's 15 bucks 5 for each of you
we're talking about crap we're talking
about snot for interrupting tips because
I'm slightly drunk and of course for
general awesome awesome this lol have a
nice evening
ah so you know these are snot and poop
is something that happens in everyday
life and nobody wants to talk about it
but everyone should you know why like
pooping is important and have an like
having nice regular poops is super
important
who's reading you pick up a broadcast as
you pass a nearby warrior world all are
invited to provide to prove their worth
in the fields of glory and win fabulous
prizes food Fame lifelong friendships
death you stroke her chin and consider
the proposition yes some of the away
team who's leading the away team I'm
going with the French Mookie sure sure
he's got he's got plenty of tactics
tactics the high numbers good yeah
unless hey I give me out vote unless
there's note at the thing I'm worried
about is that there's no tactics option
and then he's only got one science and
the shit shit hand everywhere else dots
has one of many things
I mean French bookies the smart is that
is the math bet French rookie but that's
might have a might have a game to play
here so you're saying dots I'm saying
now I might go dots I'll say I'm tilt
he's safe numbers a three-way tie and
that helps nobody I'll go with Jack you
go with Jack alright dots it's the wrong
choice settle shit's the wrong choice
also I've told you not to listen to me
cuz this is a strategy game and this is
I don't forte and this is also listening
to me look if I just do the smart thing
all the time that's no fun let's do the
Jack thing right your away team arrives
in front of the Coliseum banners proudly
displaying various home planets wave in
the breeze there is a buzz of excitement
in the air your team of champions awaits
your orders begin the aim is find some
food do not get out of here wonderful
your team sets off to to find some
hopefully edible street food in the
midst of the revelry oh yeah
our team arrives at a small cluster of
food carts each offering a different
style of food unfortunately all of the
signs are in languages that currently
don't exist in the galaxy for stay
face your way team looks to you for
orders oh there's a blue option if only
I had the guy with the high blue stat oh
well oh well on we go oh we go that's
that thing that's all you know what it's
all a dice roll alive it's all a dice
roll dots 85 is handed a wriggling multi
legged creature and chokes back a gag
alright that's fine that's pretty tasty
everyone on the team eats one moments
later a larger version of the creature
bursts from Daniel Harris OHS chest when
the food shipment arrives she makes sure
to put a warning label on it morning I
got us some food you're welcome your
team returns to the front of the
Coliseum banners proudly displaying
their home planet wave in the breeze
there is a buzz of entitlement in the
air or excitement in the air your team
of champions await your orders begin the
challenge team proudly marched earlier
and already improved the awesomeness of
Galaxy Force team has large open arena
some kind of large elephant centaur
towers above them menacingly wielding a
tree trunk in its trunk anyway it's
really big and scary that's 85 looks to
you for guidance oh man there's no
tactics option here and it's a really
good thing that this guy our guy has
some samosas he had a science to stab to
we're gonna use the science one in
science that he's got one of everything
it was like he's got one attacks down
he's got one tactics down
he's got one which means by the way if
he doesn't really good job on this you
could probably build up the stats a
little bit which would help you future
missions anything that'd be great
that's any five just fits into their
hands and rubs them together still
deciding if this is actually a good idea
oh this might be good this won't be good
epic we're building up stats that's any
five-run spry lay along a wall and leaps
under the creatures back and then
shooting it and its other back you know
the one with the arms and the head
anyway it tumbles to the ground lifeless
the crowd goes nuts your team returns to
the front of the Coliseum and
recuperates writing themselves for the
next challenge
curious see what's next your way team
re-enters the arena test of intelligence
your team enters a gigantic labyrinth
filled with what you can safely assume
our dastardly traps and monsters with no
clear path forward dots eighty-five
request some orders just start walking
navigate it legitimately or activate
x-ray vision which I don't recommend
just just they're walking motherfucker
just our warning time city five sets off
at a northerly direction and hums
contentedly they see the exit sadly the
humming seems to have attracted
comically large ants and Albert von
fancy-pants is hauled off to meet the
Queen no your team returns to the front
of the Colosseum writing themselves for
the third and final challenge
dun dun don't let's finish this the away
team marches into the coliseum one last
time
what can the final challenge be
mountains of what appeared to be ice
cream lying the arena weirder still that
doesn't seem to be an obvious opponent
the aliens and the stands watch
breathlessly what are your orders
Milton look that's 85 sighs heavily and
sets their phaser to party-pooper
oh wow
zap the ice cream melts realizing the
new danger there in the team zaps a hole
in the nearby wall and the sticky soup
surges out of the arena that's 85 tries
not to think about the sugary hell
outside your team faced the challenges
of the arena and prevailed the master of
the arena calls doubts 85 forward and
demands to know what they seek as reward
food Fame or lifelong friendship oh you
could definitely use some food what's
Fame gonna get foods gonna get supplies
we can get supplies elsewhere lifelong
friendship is probably deploy probably
mom would famous bravado Oh lifelong
friendship is either diplomacy or more
crew members fame is almost certainly
more bravado all right Chet what are we
going with food Fame or friendship fuel
isn't an option
food fame or friendship and ship food
friendship is magical to Friendship once
we stick together friendship are my
niece's and Pony LAN dear friends
magical friendship friend acid3
friendship friendship both OH two frames
it's close friendship is magic rich
that's what the My Little Ponies taught
me yeah where are they from
that Pony Landy arts I've seen a lot of
friendships my blood friendship oh is
that bad I'll take that that solves our
crew problem and their food problem
yummy single tear rolls down the arena
master's face I too know the pit of
despair that is loneliness you shall
never go wanting for friends again 16
crews 60 food no stat games which sad we
and we had to
critical critical win this is pretty
good haul that's pretty well the
critical win you don't lose remember
right each of those people would die
that could lose a person sure sure okay
when it lands on one of the other board
red shirt in the front Peter Griffin but
yes I'm gonna say yes because why not
blowing on now I desperately desperately
need fuel random random food I don't
care we're okay ish I'm food okay
I'm gonna try the asteroid belt unit 603
idiot says hey rich and Jake I broke my
leg on New Year's so I'm laid up and out
of work you haven't played an adventure
game in a while and would really
appreciate it if you could do one
smarter you clearly asked the text to
build you a robotic hall monitor
Run For Your Lives I mean this man is
talking about his suffering jacket and
riches just interrupt it wasn't funny
enough time I try it and I think he's
talking about his agony and and you are
just just don't care the jokes old rich
did it well it was a good bit I know
Phil unit 63 and it ends with lol poop
is funny that was just the end you were
at the end that was at the end what's
whole thing but squatting is impossible
unless he wants us to play they want to
play more adventure games this is a kind
of adventure this is good enough this is
you know this ish ish yeah the Admiral
hails you but it's an unusual call he's
not at his desk there's a weird echo and
you hear strange noises then you hear a
toilet flush the Admiral is hailing you
from the bathroom this is gonna be
awkward do you call him out politely
asked him to not stand up or hang up
laugh it off and forget it
what's more amusing
perhaps if you let the Admiral know you
recognized where he's calling from he'll
understand for himself that this was
inappropriate of him absolutely
absolutely
you can't unhear those noises
yeah yeah the Admiral gets defensive and
angry how dare you accuse me another
toilet flushes he hangs his head in
sighs unable to keep the news up any
longer I'll be taking some of your fuel
to not write you up for insubordination
well look at this what's that say what's
that say what's our current fuel
negative 140 now we can take a negative
view we just have no fuel engage SOS da
da da dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee da
da dee da dee my cousin's casa and what
happens a large fancy sheesh approaches
and you are hailed by a woman in a power
suit she explains that she's a recruiter
looking for new talent from various job
postings around the quadrant she's
willing to give you fuel for some talent
yeah you exchanged a tearful goodbye
with a crew you sent over hoping that
they enjoy their new jobs once you
received the fuel in part ways you
realized that she may have been a slave
trader did you sell your new friends
solemn I'm so excited the last time you
were at a Mega Mart you invested in a
state-of-the-art efficiency management
machine the TFS 9000 efficient ater
after months of waiting it's finally
here you can't wait to try out all its
functions so will you read the manual
first
we're gonna read the manual I mean
that's just a good idea in general
rather know exactly what you're dealing
with before you install your new TFS
9000 efficient ater right
I'll take it the machine of the box is
it the TFS 9000 at all
what darn those restocking associates at
Megamart they offer a complimentary case
of Martian dream nutria pasty
terrible-tasting but hey it's free
you got an achievement that's great
that's just great
tanning bed ylim you awaken to find your
tanning bed seems to have died on you
the fact that you don't have to sleep in
your sunglasses is a meagre consolation
- one Bravo bravado I know I can't say
words we all know this me alone you've
arrived at the space Alamo a popular
trading hub for the taco chants as well
as a variety of other local species the
chili people seem to run a tight ship
around here so it should be pretty safe
to stop for a spell wait the only person
that needs to heal is 30-footers too
much well you know we're cheap yeah
whatever worth the space aloes renowned
for its orbit lis grown produce but
there also seems to be a bar along with
a few other traders in the vicinity as
well resources we need we need get rid
of that hole we need we're not doing
anything with that stupid hull this is a
tough run right here rich that run I
know I'm good with that
with trade complete you head back to the
center of the market you take a look
around it's packed with lively
characters from all around the sector
who would you like to talk to the lady
with a power armor the guy with the
table full of gadgets and with the power
armor
well let's return to the market power
armor power armor all right all right
you approach the woman in power armor
who introduces herself as a bounty
hunter after shooting the space breeze
she lets you know that for a price
she'll be
happy to improve your ships offensive or
defensive capabilities I mean we got
shit attack points and we'll have
slightly less shit attack points that
are still shit what would rich Evans do
because that is the correct decision
come don't listen to me when it comes to
strategy I like guns Wow no guns he
keeps doing it he has the mouse if you
can do whatever he wants
Oh God - whole place oh god fine Oh two
whole plates
let's just be massively fun massively
fucked you know I'm fine with that
I'm fine with I'm fine with being
massively fucked I know I should have
added a tactic so it's overpowered but
it's a it's a group at home and if I'm
if I'm too smart it's not as fun well no
you then you play then you win the game
and we keep talking about pooping snot
and shit that's exactly what food or
food we could talk about sweat after an
hour of looking no one can find the
hourly productivity report that should
make drafting the next one easier at
least - one tactics Galaxy Forces
received a distress call from a crew
filming a nature documentary and the
third planet of the accurate system
they're trapped and you're the closest
ship weight team to the rescue we're
gone with the dog dog is going this time
you like go doggy style with the
characters here mommy yeah be careful
about what you say you don't be careful
out of context I don't text out of
context out of context nice microphone
stand isn't working so I have a handheld
microphone stand here you just dropped
on the cable bed that just found drive
it foul on the keyboard
fart Lord six nine nine six nine I won't
be reading that tip we appreciate the
tip though okay we're trying not to get
empty shell pop the awaiting approaches
the source the distress call - and find
that an empty shuttle completely
overwhelmed with warp weasels they're
eating the padding on the chairs
chewing exposed wiring and building
nests everywhere are they merely are
they nuclear weasels whistles magetta
weasels search the area because we've
caught a guy with good tactics tryna do
it I'm making this channel thank you
again
nice nice
turns out the film crew is helpful in
crew then hopefully left a trail of
breadcrumbs behind to lead right to them
as a bonus the away team has now
collected some bread great I'll take it
the film crew it turns out is filming a
short distance away the team approaches
the director the director motions to be
quiet they're filming a giant kiri wild
beast rooting for food
it's stunning until French husky sneezes
study the wildebeest
I'm won't yeah I'm here I'm just off of
the web camera I'm right to the I'm
directly to the left you have the webcam
here Caracara needed be on camera
because the the stream started with an
experiment I didn't know I think it's
more important that I'm over here I
started the night over here and I'm
actually I'm thinking about leaving in a
little bit now I'm feeling kind of tired
right
the wildebeest says it turns out is
quite a ham as soon as it realizes it it
has cameras pointed at it it begins to
strut and pose and pout Stog weiss
realizes their true calling as an animal
photographer and leaves the crew a film
crew and dealt with a rare akira
wildebeest the crew ester protection as
they finish filming the episode there
are several cool locations they could
film next which one is your away team
most prepared to handle the same cave a
cave film crew is feeling bold now that
they have the protection of a galaxy 4
squad they suggest filming in a cave a
little ways north you see no reason why
not
your wait team is armed and dangerous I
know I'm talking quietly on purpose it's
my it's my bit now no one cares
the away team and the film crew
tentatively explore the cave
Harlan merkins really merkins merkins Oh
No Harlan merkins the host hopes they'll
get actual footage of act carried bats
no sooner does he say that than a whole
flock of the spindle legged 7 eyed
brutes swoop down dunk French wookie
yells for everyone to get down the bats
will fly overhead and out of the cave
and the danger will be gone
brilliant I love their little home just
about it is is it astral huh
everyone ducks and the bats fly overhead
and out of the cave unfortunately Scott
Dan and Rushford ends up face down in a
puddle and drowns the away team collects
no no no I'm sorry
goodness is a nice try but both of you
are our meanies and and mean poop heads
and poo poo and also Cooper has poo poo
heads a tiny request for a TV it's a
quick guy a buying guide aimed at 4k but
also for 1080p also thanks for the
signed copy of space cop and they
included a link to a YouTube video for a
TV bind oh because I think yeah which
was talking about that the other stream
thank you yeah what I found a 55 inch at
target for 4k first 599 she dug wait
what do you honestly what do you think
of it I like it you like okay what do
you think I gotta play around with the
settings on it to get a picture i love.i
think that's important you find out
emotion plus I gotta find like all the
setting and I just like this got this
the other day it's not a whole pile of
settings it's got like a bunch of
special buttons for like Netflix
no oh built-in probabilities now yeah
nice watching the librarian
some house cards the weight team
collects itself from the harrowing
experience only to come upon a rival
film crew also filming an agent
documentary
it's the splat brothers those loud and
too loud those loud edutainment guys in
their khaki shorts oh invoke maritime
law the rules are clear when an
unclaimed plane went on an unclaimed
planet maritime space laws apply and
that means these splat brothers are
invading the wild space Kingdom cruise
territory you're you ordered French
wookie to explain this as far as what
model of TV and vizio for Kane I don't I
can't give you like a serial number off
the top of my head oh he's got some good
here's some good advice turn on your 4k
TV and turn the color down all the way
TV was meant to be watched in black and
white that's how they do it in the olden
times
what kind of granola do I eat to keep my
bowel movements regular no granola beans
and a lot of green vegetables it's got
the most fiber keep you regular great
you could you could set a clock by my
bowel movements but I won't
hey gobbledygook says headache nights
trying something new listening to your
show and imagining what you're seeing
keep up the good work
thank you seems like a poor choice to
listen to us while having a headache for
that out there this black brothers
definitely don't want to do anything
illegal they apologize and leave telling
the wild space Kingdom crew about a
nearby orchid where the fruit is white a
nearby what orchid orchard whatever you
know I don't know words
alright you read this since you're mrs.
Reidy read your away team and the wild
space Kingdom cruise see a flock of
stately akira blurts these are large
ostrich like birds with two heads which
were only rumoured to actually exist all
right stock the birds because we have
high technics
you order French Wilkie to carefully
stalk the birds allowing the film crew
to get the best possible footage for the
Akira 3 episode of wild space Kingdom
down slow down slow down that's good
that's good
Jarrett Keith catches the attention of
the birds Parlin merkins offers an
interesting fact filled narration of the
attack the crew of wild space Kingdom is
only one more species to film on a carry
three before they come aboard the
indestructible - you're now standing
before the amazing and dangerous Grove
of giant carnivorous Venus flytrap
plants warp weasel the viewers are going
to want to see these awesome plants in
action heck so do you you order French
wookie to throw a warp weasel into the
Grove just to see what happens first
lord I got your second signal that's a
lot of potential critical fails oh no oh
no oh no no no no no keep going keep
going second wind
no second wind and plant catches the
warp weasel in its mouth but it gets the
small mammal stuck in its long thin
throat it costs up the warp weasel with
such force that it functions kind of
like a bullet when it emerges taking out
a couple of your away team - - now that
the mission is over there's all this
footage from your adventures on a carry
three some of it could be pretty
embarrassing the Galaxy Force what do
you order French wookie to do with it
alright coming dear or destroy
while it could be embarrassing to galaxy
for us you could probably sell it yours
thank you what do you think that will do
in-game that your Admiral like like
shits on the phone what are the
standards I want to see what the chantix
they say coming dude oh my god coming
dear you never know what you might need
when you might be embarrassing footage
to blackmail someone with Plus you may
recut it into a series of entertaining
vines Oh timely vines aren't a thing
anymore your way team or what's left of
them anyway finally but safely return to
the indestructible to with a crew of
wild space Kingdom the grateful Network
offers your choice of reward
finally you all you ask for fuel the
network obliges filling your tank
totally up Parlin merkins narrates the
entire process sorry
now we're putting the gas in the gas cat
i clicked on a youtube link and it was
this
it's worse than the original versions I
love it
it's perfect it's I'll start by
smashmouth but every word is somebody
that's Britt hey you stop it oh my god
if I can love that song
well thank you crocodile brain for
sharing that with us Marlin Perkins rich
should know that reference he's old like
me so I don't I don't know that
reference what is that reference Marlin
Perkins listen to that guy that weird
trader guy soulful sound
are you thinking a Harry Mudd though
it's mine it's time someone so much
since are sure of vessel approaching and
all channels are jammed with a catchy
tune it's in a Mega Mart superstore
galaxy for ships can't repel bargains of
this magnitude your crew turned to you
your crew turned do you need total big
doe eyes this is gonna cost us a pile of
shopping list only what you need
hey is it past throngs of browsing
shoppers you definitely dodged the sales
associates tractor beams in the
cosmology department you grab all the
necessities and hop into the express
lane line just ahead of a grab you on
broodmother a perfect run one under fuel
nice and a googol of goblin go mom grab
you um yes Jack Osbourne Jack wants to
go home I got a feeling this will be a
last run tonight I think it's almost
time John you leave mom I can finish on
is that cool with you
Jack I say hey everybody thanks for
coming out
Jack Jack is not quite as much of a
night owl this way I am NOT a night owl
that's not that late yeah it's fine I'm
gonna read the thing uh that thing yeah
you come upon a space calendar the
titanic's synapse eon brain beast has
made it into its nest the colonists
within our minds slaves under the beasts
complete control besides that the colony
appears bustling and bountiful adios
jack farewell so long you look on as
your science team prepares to jacket the
Beast psychic maybe but we're getting
fish we gotta have you guys over
sometime on an aquarium for Christmas
know like love glug glug glug glug
you know fresh water
sensors indicate that there is some sort
of floating memorial nearby detour
feature feature feature excited
exhaustion from getting a 27-hour space
loving from the famed giant tentacle
monster of the Medusa cascade I'm the
only one who gets the video reference
the only one you read the gravestone
aloud and hear a gasp from one of the
crew you're later informed that what you
said was highly offensive in fabula no
sir not cool captain drive carefully
it's shitty oh the feature was the thing
in Star Trek the motion picture a big
powerful thing that they had to stop
talking about Star Trek Voyager being
silly about a feature was Voyager not
Star Trek Voyager feature was the
Voyager space probe that had gotten one
of a little later models that they
scientists didn't actually launch but it
was a space probe that got sucked into
like a wormhole and then I ended up on a
robot planet and they souped it up and
it ended up becoming this incredibly
powerful dangerous entity that's yeah
but it had likes months on the side of
it so it didn't know it's name was
Voyager just saw the V and the ger it
was feature that you may as well be
describing what a lightsaber is to this
chat folks no Trek
okay well Terran didn't care didn't know
what a feature was goodness I'm Derrick
you called in to handle crew drama
apparently tad and Alexis have been
fighting Dakota found out and made her
move up made her move on tad now alexis
is a mess and tad has threatened your
transporter engineer Skyler create an
algorithm to solve crew drama we have
time for this nonsense craft a
mathematical solution to any future crew
drama
it's not gonna go well is it no it's not
the principles of logic appear to melt
in the fiery crucible of your crews
cosmic drama nothing can be done there
is no escape from the petty jealousies
that consume your vessel defeated you
have a snack a really big snack how then
have to be that big did it yeah perhaps
it did warning you've been targeted by a
slow-moving torpedo belonging to Galaxy
force upon closer study it turns out
that it's one of your torpedoes one of
your previously fired volleys that must
have missed and gotten it's targeting
scrambled just try to recover it we
can't afford to lose hull so we're gonna
lose some cruel potentially it's really
unusual that one of your torpedoes has
managed to reacquire the indestructible
to as a target
it might be worth for covering it for
study you assemble a team and send them
out on a shuttle maybe maybe maybe maybe
maybe maybe maybe maybe no okay I'll
take it with sweat covered browse the
diffusal team Dunkley snips the red wire
and disarms the bomb whoo
when hauled back for study turns out
this torpedoes sensors were operating
during its journey and you learn a lot
about the sector plus one tactics
moving on miss Patrick Stewart gay I
don't believe so
what a matter it wouldn't matter but I'm
pretty sure he's married to a woman
which they wore masks the odds he's
married to woman yeah yeah no wouldn't
matter yep you hear a strange ticking
coming from the ship you take it to the
nearest repair shop a real CD back of
the galaxy kind of place a big lizard
mechanic it overall says it's your warp
core the most expensive part to replace
freaked him to fix it for free the outer
room dwelling lizard please you're
smarter than this guy you'll use your
metal
I was to outwit him not only will he fix
what's really wrong he'll do it for free
once you're finished with him good the
one you pointed the sky and yell look
it's the Goodyear blimp works every time
you grab a new work car from the shelf
or out of there at warp speed before the
lizard can turn around and ask what's a
blimp
plus to hold we're doing great Wow oh
good while looking for the remote to
your quarters you discover an incredibly
rare hotep Yulan seven sided coin
usually the ho temple ons destroy these
on site so you must be really lucky plus
one bravado bravado whatever fuck off
fuck off I don't give a shit
this guy again the same guy again your
communications officer says that you
were being hailed by an unknown vessel
floating in deep space a shady figure
appears on the hollow screen offering
repairs in exchange for some fuel OS
Carl hold this seems to what's the word
for it suspicious to you you need to
know what you're dealing with here your
science team performs a scanning sweep
excuse my sniffling I am NOT the
president-elect I'm just getting over a
cold it's empty
please welcome political fighting it's
empty
well that wasn't very exciting awkwardly
he detected the unwelcome scan and
abruptly closes the transmission in a
half he floats idly waiting in wait for
the next ship that passes by you leave
embarrassed might as one diplomacy it's
fine it's fine
Merlin's done actually I think this is
it if you're forced to stop as a tackle
Shan cowboy herds a very large group of
brightly-colored that
and dwelling Beefalo across a busy space
Lane your navigator says it's probably
safest to just wait it out we're out of
food but then again if we lose any more
than five whole weird um I think I think
we can deal with some starvation sit
back and wait you're forced away from
nearly three days is a seemingly endless
line of Beefalo winds its way past the
crossing at the space line eventually
the last of the stragglers make their
way across and the tack of shin tips his
ten gallon hat you're way to food
disparar
congratulations purple space bazooka you
have successfully traversed Ursa Major
in the most daring expedition in a most
daring expedition Galaxy force honors
you with the title admirable tactician
nice ah you can't win without five home
well you can't win with zero whole and I
don't want to take a chance that
smashing through there and damaging the
ship would take out five or more whole
it was better to risk losing food and
and suffering a bit of starvation which
I don't think would have hurt me for
that last little bit of trip whatever
whatever the negatives of starvation's
were I was figuring we could we could
handle that more so than the ship
potentially though not likely getting
blowed up losing a whole ends your game
all of your whole alright this is a fun
game
not a bad stream game though I think
some of the encounters are gonna get a
bit repetitive I don't know if there's
enough
all right did we get any tips I think
the space mouth one was the most recent
one okay so they're already asked mouths
where it'll read zips I think we're
pretty much done tonight I think so
subscriptions uh Bruce Aaron ik
bursaries for servants how do you say
them how would you pronounce this
bruiser Inc Brewster rink that's like I
like that bruiser Inc are we gonna
switch off or hey Iban is this double
zero I'd say a vein cyst the set and
they say hack bought five thousand
approves this message machine gun funk
says groovy tiny tic-tac tiny tic-tac
says which way should I go now
the real net boy says cock cock or
whatever take my money D key key Anya is
Joe Flacco elite says first dreamer I've
been able to catch in a while here's to
you guys
Cheers baba Yaga Baba Yaga Lala eighteen
months in a row says you didn't read my
tip last stream you sure that's what no
that's what she says scrolls going on
let me look see if you see if you see a
thing it's touchscreen you can just flip
it up and that would be last just keep
going for a while if you don't see
anything you don't see it I don't know
I'm not aware of us missing one the X 1
3 5 not safe for wookie a horrible glory
/ s 26 fucking months in a row says
personally I love this stream 8 out of
10
back to Baba Yaga Lala that was if that
was the 8th of January your your she
said or he said they just lurks make
sure it's not offensive no it's not
offensive I regret it
the classes is amazing do you guys know
any other games with such grand scale
and epicness Jack is the person to ask
for that
I'm so sorry me auntie Nora Grasmick
military picked 12 months in a row says
at long last the next stage of my quest
is complete I entered the elite ranks of
the 12-month pre ranks subscriber Club
it's been a great year guys your streams
and YouTube recordings have got me
through many Drury days at the office
Ren Ren JB run JB's says hey rich kara -
Jack I just thought I send in my monthly
reminder that twitch Prime subscribers
have to manually recent scream unthe
thank you Harmon z12 monsoon or else is
one year
oh god no really Who am I kidding you
folks are great lol fake my news
striker 1:21 Ezra subscribed for 20
fucking months in a row 20 months
where'd they go 20 months I don't know
thank you guys for many moons of almost
cost free entertainment X X 0 thank you
thank you vice versa man says I have
recent crimes for reasons bradle 23
nerve 21:12 says alright r.i.p ahmad
about dud
a bad dude i'm a bad dude it's from a
police quest being unreal
chica blew through half map half cat
half man half cat says for months with
the biggest gaming hack frauds there are
cheers clone 2727 says might be time for
a new FTL run titus 84 titus 80 forces
four months what am i doing with my life
today ex
twenty four fucking months in a row
oh yes do again today x24 fucking oh you
started you started reading like the
rest that wasn't the fucking I don't
yeah
I'll talk one more time throw more time
- Dax twenty four fucking months in a
row says the last two years have been
the hardest of my life one in the
beginning and middle of many trying
weeks PR L was there to cheer me up
thank you you're welcome - Dax glad to
hear it Sonique v8 you are my fire
Lindsay yo yo yo Chernobyl kinsman
twenty-one fucking months in a row says
Happy New Year cunts man tequilas and
nobody else thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated just where you say
it's it's we really do okay let's go
it's true
