Episode 026
First 4 Hours of... Panty Party
February 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Dw3owTUL2E
___________________________________________

previously recorded plays the hood or
ours oh okay rich yeah I need you to
save the title of the game that we're
playing for the first four hours no
that's how it works we you can you you
have mouths we say um we have a title I
refuse I don't want to say the title
malecite Donal you think I'm wants
everything fucking I deal with this
fucking idea was this we're doing panty
party we're doing no oh I've noticed
you've logged me into steam here what
you logged me into steam I didn't you
must have missed on that yourself were
you ashamed to have panty party in your
library
is there no sadder notification then
steam has finished downloading panty
party all right rich the warrior of love
let's let's do it
it's like I know there's gonna be
panties in it because the name is Han
Tea Party but the talking panty still
disappoints me you know kind of like a
pumice you know I used to belong to a
out of shape joggers Club used to belong
to an out-of-shape joggers club and
every week we'd all get together and
have a panting party
the space to jump on you can kind of fly
I can't handle this jamming Jack I think
I'm having a panic attack the unloved
panties led by pansy wants to brainwash
all humans I'm so sorry this is a
horrible idea can you actually shoot you
have like a sword
so average don't get your panties in a
bunch death
this is totally parody right I think
this is less parody and more this is why
anime gets a bad rap this game right
here is why no one likes anime and if
you do like anime you are looked down
upon in society it's indistinguishable
from parody the new the new game show
Eddie a pervert it wouldn't make those
noises I think I'd be a much much more
comfortable at this game
this is somewhere in the middle between
genuine pervert and said ha ha ha ha ha
ha this is yeah we're making fun of it
but that's not really the joke is
there's a joke about how Japan something
you fucked up and perverted to joke ok I
love this fucked up everything shit you
notice your reticle is shaped like a
pair of panties
I didn't how disturbing I don't know
like what I'm more ashamed of that I
didn't notice or that you did oh Jesus
Christ there's a little kidness now
Japan Japan yep anime this is what you
asked for when you say hey you guys
should watch anime this is what we're
expecting Thanks
this is my crew this is not cool I don't
want to be I don't want to be here
watching this there is a underage girl
yeah asking us what kind of panties we
like right and and they get on me when I
say anime can be fucking disgusting I
know rich
and I am the bad man you know because
it's not all anime rich well except for
it's all fucking anime rich were you
going plane time huh
what are you doing where you going why
are you covering your head I'm fine
what do you got what are you doing are
you cold
why are you covering your head to the
camera can't see that you're playing
panty party now you're doing great now
you're really giving it to those panties
let's help bad he's insane
you should I didn't necessarily mean
that as a pun but uh Jack I insist on
being dull does Alan Smithee this
episode
