Episode 027
A Floppy Jalopy
February 9, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYV_RRXLBrk
___________________________________________

right now it's about the difference what
I'll say all that's fine it was another
one of those like it was a back of a
cereal box thing and they had two
pictures Oh
another one of those Nina Oh figure out
other things that are different in these
two pictures
I mean look basically identical well
according to the back of the box there
were 11 or 12 but what box is this let's
get this all clear it's generic Target
brand Cinnamon Toast Crunch okay I think
they're called like cinnamon crunch
squares or something okay
crunchy cinnamon squares and you can
find nine of them lickety split super
easy yeah and then apparently there are
like 11 maybe 12 okay and I've been
through it a bunch my kids have been
through it a bunch and it's just another
one of those we cannot find we cannot
find like the last the last thing so
okay and it's very upsetting and you
know I didn't want them to like find it
for me but I thought it was funny I had
that picture on my phone so I shared it
with people on Twitter mmm when I'm when
I said when we were gonna stream to it
so I thought it was just a fun thing
maybe twelve you said 11 I forget I we
threw away the box I don't want to have
a box did did you put the Sun like the
tweets or something - I tweeted it okay
so what are we playing today jack
what is this for playing jalopy what the
fuck is jalopy I don't know how do you
hear about jalopy I don't know I don't
remember huh how about that Packers game
everybody did the Packers win or lose I
don't know you know I I didn't catch
like the last eight minutes of the game
so I don't know what the end result was
where were they when you like well when
I left the Packers were were losing the
score was 14 - 43
Oh 44 and I was 44 uh-huh they were down
by a lot Oh a lot so wasn't looking good
for the old Packers beer Meister is
saying Packers lost I didn't I didn't
change the game in shanty I remember to
change it on the text and the thing they
did not change it in the chatty Jack you
were you were 80% on top of it 80% 80%
correct hold on yeah oh look at this and
and even the titles still if I had a
Warhammer yep yep jalopy jalopy F how
about sloppy jalopy sloppy jalopy
selects game that is fellow array okay
updates updated back to jalopy I you
know whatever here's the thing about
jalopy I remember I probably saw like a
video about jalopy or read an article
about it or something yeah I said oh
this looks like a fun
it's it's still actually if you look
here when we close this book it's still
in alpha okay
early it's it's version 0.6 so it's not
the final version yet it's funny I
thought you liked avoiding early access
I usually do but I this is a game that I
actually I don't think they're gonna
finish it okay because I want to say I
heard about this like six months to a
year ago
so it's probably one of those games that
they're not gonna finish though just
mean I play it now and get it over with
uh Chat Chat for the record anybody
confused by the title and it said you
know was Warhammer Space Marine that was
last stream and for the record I love it
I really fucking love it
Warhammer Space Marine yeah oh yeah you
were having a great time you were having
just a great old time so I saw this game
and I played through it last night it
taught me to love the sniper rifle you
beat the whole game yeah yeah so anyway
Shalaby I'm sorry no that's fine
I saw it and I and I made a little
mental note to myself and I bought it
cuz I bought it on early access cuz
that's a way that you can help games get
made by the early access so they can
finish it here thank you for purchasing
Jalopy during early access the game is
currently pre alpha that means that the
core blank gameplay experience is still
changing significantly week to week I
hope you have fun and please keep in
mind that this is a work in progress
feel free to report any bugs you find
over at the Steam forms best Greg
alright let's start a new game I just
made a mental note I said hey I think I
want to play that jalopy I think I wanna
play that jalopy
yep
mmm stay in bed any longer and the day
will make fools of us both come now I've
something important to show you
good luck um red I have something
important to show you
we need it here cut look at this I like
this I like having a little word bubble
stick spy I said come come it's just
outside okay that not true door through
this - over here follow I wanted to turn
the lights off don't you like to see you
all the stuff you can fuck around with
yeah before yeah okay I just picked up a
thing I picked up the thing I should
probably put it back I can't put it back
okay I can't put it back this this teach
you to play with thing you know
understand that Russian accent is
terrible
I know go fuck yourself no rich this is
Germany well you know what fuck it I'm
doing my Russian because I don't have a
German okay you can zoom in
that's that's our president I Russian
German president it's 1990 okay
this here is lucky wakey out 601 the
looks something of an engineering legend
in the GDR that is young German psyche I
can't I guess I can't remember
he's Russian he's a Russian immigrant
260 km / H in twenty two point five
seconds km/h top speed of 100 kilometer
per hour all at the economical rate of
three kilometers a liter a liter a liter
I did it took me a while to know what L
was that is if we can get the running
that's it's getting worse not ovary I've
everything ready we just need to go
build our engine I slap on some wheels
50 passenger side door and give her a
bit of a clean
so what let's get started with the
replacement door is over on top of skirt
pile behind you if you squint you'll be
able to see it Oh buddy that's it
okay this is where the game turns into a
hardcore platformer we're not
do you think this fall damage no no okay
less than elegant but it's on Western
elegant is on right now let's fit the
engine if you open driver's door hey hey
first of all back off uncle you'll see a
black ledge pull it and it will release
bonnet can you see it is black wedge
should be just under steering wheel
that's it you got it
you did good thing okay now open the
bonnet and I can walk you through this I
wanted to close the fucking door oh here
we go close the fucking door so as you
can see needs engine yes usually a car
needs an engine you've got the world of
parts and you know I've got a lot of
stock parts sitting grudge go collect
one and I'll walk you through what it
does all right you're gonna put a car
together these parts are set in garage
go collect one and we can start build
engine battery great boom you got it
yeah battery all right got a battery I
got a battery uncle
that's better e which provides
electrical charge for your lakeya or
lika whatever
bed 3 allows you to use lights a radio
car technician that kind of thing if
your lakeya won't start first place to
check his battery go ahead drop into
engine ok great
we're doing this car repair what do we
want max oh this thing looks good
carburetor carburetor is probably
something we need
right that's carburetor which controls
fuel consumption of car which in turn
control how many kilometers per liter
you get out of your lakeya good
well-maintained carburetor will mean you
use less fuel and can drive further for
cheap go ahead drop into engine okay
boom I'm assuming because it gives us
little stats on all these stuff that
eventually we might be able to get some
sort of upgrades for our car yes Chet
glory to arstotzka okay you're holding
air filter in an essential component
your filter isn't necessarily required
to run your lakeya but it is good idea
to have one as it will reduce the rate
of wear to your engine book go ahead
drop in engine it's good put the engine
in last various fuel tank that holds few
of your lakeya a few notes on this one
first of all is gravity fed you'll need
to open the bonnet and fill directly to
tank when refueling also lakeya is
running a two-stroke engine this means
you'll want to mix in some oil to the
fuel mixture that definitely had a
little bit German just felon mixture
mixture yeah failure to mix oil into
fuel will mean engine won't be
lubricated and will wear it increased
rate too much oil though and you'll
start to see performance drop keep your
fuel tank well-maintained let it get too
beaten up and they will start leaking
fuel everywhere not good
I had drop in the engine this is lakeya
it's what I'm saying ah Lake here like
you like just which is right I think
it's like a it's like a if it's any if
it's named after the first dog sounds
like that makes sense
the first dog
like famous dog famous space dog famous
based on with the who died in orbiter
die for Mother Russia but you know what
that little thing didn't die because of
a rocket explosion just died you know
because dog cuz I could use dog to go
space so we couldn't quite figure it out
how to get it back down important let's
go up before it can go down yes through
that garage you got it an ignition coil
at some bad condition may struggle to
start the engine go ahead drop in the
engine
okay
learnin about my car dudu thought Matt
died because then I could thought bad
because space right right we learned a
lesson with a dog space kills you that
is water tank which provides water to
help keep your windscreen clean from
turd keep in good condition or will
start to leak water and you'll soon find
yourself driving without vision go ahead
drop in engine all right we got one
thing left here the stock engine the
engine block you've got there
Gaurav you're like a setup like a setup
engine block define score performance of
your leica including top speed and
acceleration it probably kept engine
block will mean you're likable struggle
to perform go ahead drop into engine
drop that engine into your engine drop
engine into engine ok that's everything
installed good job fill her up
well good little they're getting nowhere
without fuel we still need to fill car
with petrol oil water go collect the
more I will walk you through refueling a
car ok it's fine there we go
gas tank
good that is kind of fuel you're holding
there use that one fuel cap or fuel tank
we just installed then you'll begin
filling the car with fuel try holding it
there to fill car quicker go ahead drop
that if you're done with it can't put it
in the car no no do not give my like a
dirty filthy Ken it just might be a good
idea to like have a gas cans all over
you've got a bottle of water good job
use that that what I think we installed
then we can fill her with water okay
go and drop that if you're done with it
okay put that floor not care apparently
it's Russia
you just said any is is land of plenty
feel things everywhere just pick one up
my gosh everyone share fuel can you
can't for self the people on the fuel
cans thank you that's true yes true
risotto
makes will result in faster car but
increased via two engine which makes the
resultant opposite try using it on fuel
tank of fuel to affect the fuel mixture
I know it's JDR III can't do German
accents Soviet Russia that's fun it's
fun is fun concept Soviet Russia yes I
wanna I don't want to drop it I want to
drop thing you're done with it drop it
okay okay excellent
let's move on to tires let's go about
getting tires and car so as you can see
if you won't be getting very far without
wheels
there is Katja covering garage
bring it here and we can get started
okay okay please check under car okay
I'm waiting
go ahead under car just put put jack on
the car that that's does it look like
under car goddess is is on the road jack
is on the road but jack is not under car
very good I got it I didn't know I like
you know I'm behind you now though you
could turn around and talk to me if you
wanted to you don't have do you not have
yes comrade
okay okay
it's just weird it's weird that you're
talking about without facing me you know
good now just feel a little tired to
axle feet road tire to axle on Titan
bolt with tire iron okay
this game seems like much work good
honest Soviet work yeah for the people
comrade that's exactly what it is
honest work for the honest people I
actually would like for you too
good no can drop carjack down and we can
the same on other side of the car okay
were you get the tire sir are you
pulling them off another no they were
there in that cabinet well they'll be
twisting Kendall the same thing again
yeah I don't sorry uncle I don't I don't
need I don't need your advice at this
exact moment yeah I yeah good thing this
is a pit stop simulator says beer
Meister 20 no you know it's my first
it's my first if it is it's my first pit
stop and I think I get better as we went
along all right I'll be in car you never
want to look drunk with any spares left
over in garage you can never be too sure
but you'll need on the road jack in
there wait where did my uh I don't know
oh it's on there okay it's all right
it's all together I'll put you in there
where's all my cans I want all my cans I
knew I could take my cans with me it's
very important to me rich I can
gotta be prepared we're going on a road
trip apparently traitor
another traitor to zine she says finally
got sleep cycle an order after months
can't catch you guys and you played the
dawn of war - what was it was dawn work
no work yeah do W remember exactly what
it stood for Armstrong planks
Donna Ward - just then more importantly
was confused why you said lie but get
now I think and I'm very sorry not
intentional it's okay it's okay fine
it's a fine stream and I didn't hate the
game it's just real time real time isn't
for me when it comes to strategy games
if it makes you feel better I enjoyed
seeing stream no not controlling
interesting interesting to me to hear
other views different or not especially
from you guys
also last grenade killing boss glorious
I think trader distinctions working with
a character limit there oh yeah alright
I think we're ready to do it rich I took
there was like a bucket of water with a
sponge in it I took that too because
it's probably probably a good idea just
took all the things is there anything in
here I can take like what's this I don't
know what's the thing alright alright
yonder yonder says I can't stay and hang
up so I'll have to ask you guys to cut
it short and call in a night view I
included an extra fifty cents of the tip
to compensate for any potential lost
income cuz I respect you cannot yandi
either
anonymous says I ordered a you Soviet
area sub area they use Soviet era
Bulgarian army jacket from an army
surplus store it came with sunflower
seeds in one of the pockets there are at
least there at least 30 years old should
I eat one
yeah I would say no I didn't see what
happens in there you'll find information
regarding basic overview of like a
vehicle details of your current engine
setup listings of cargo we're currently
carrying that sort of thing you can turn
page by selecting top corners of page
will have look will have look through
the later now go ahead and drop that you
just gave it to me I'll go next you'll
leave MEP take mem this one is important
as it allows you to select which road
you'll be taking between destination as
you can see our first destination is CS
if our border crossing near Dresden okay
if marked out potential routes I know of
including weather condition in any stop
of points along route go ahead and
select one now I know this is Germany I
just don't give a shit I can't do a
German accent as you can tell I can
barely do a Russian one too it has a gas
station and good weather what's all this
sorry again you can turn pages by
selecting top corner you can have look
for later going close for now and
finally key F key to car if you pop them
into ignition she is all yours go Brad
are you coming with how was my accent
racist frequently people who speak
Russian are also white I go look how sad
he is rude
hey go standing corner in Soviet Russia
corner stand on you
Oh
and we're going we're driving need full
control of the steering yep how do you
know what your route is used oh I'm just
going I guess I don't
what
is there other gas controls yeah oh
that's even go in this door I should
pretend out the guy oh okay so I see if
I can go in this door doesn't seem to be
any other cars in this world so all
right that's fair no that's fair close
the fucking door
stare at the car and away we go
Oh see you couldn't open that strange
door I'm very sorry
well you know it's how do you know
you've if you're off your road I could
be off my route I don't know well right
now there's only one road so I'm pretty
not the door I'm pretty sure I'm on the
right route there were no like in the
map that he gave me there were no like
Forks in the road so I assume like
choosing my route just makes that just
maybe all right here out yeah that's
what I'm assuming at I you know I don't
know saying that game audio was very
quiet I would believe that well just
think enjoyed think thanks called boom
put down let's go get a tank so look
whoa what was that I don't know that was
a loud noise that's me running into
their car I don't think I'm supposed to
yeah I'm assuming that's a bugs they
expect the car to hit the price that's
funny
also I'm probably not even though
there's a little path here I'm probably
not supposed to get out of my car right
all right now I'm sorry people I wanted
to go look at the tank do be sandwich
says hey there it's but a long time
since I watched your livestream since I
work night shifts on Sundays and
Wednesdays Wednesdays for over two
months
today is my rare day off I'm making this
day come for you to thank you do me
thank you much
dooby dooby doo where are you do dice
here tonight we know I just got the
message are we haven't I asked well
we're in Germany am I supposed to be
writing on the other side of the road I
don't probably not because his cars
aren't following me this time is Lupo
sis I found the 11th difference in the
picture okay the cat on the left has
AIDS
and the one on the right secretly
planned 9/11 with the help of the CIA I
get it I get it yes just saw another one
of those things were where it's probably
something very specific and very minor
but it's just annoying like it's for
kids it's not a kid cereal you know say
it in Russian it's eggs it's it's heads
not good I saw doctor he said take pill
I said pull too expensive
he'll too expensive can only afford
suppository I say that's how I get AIDS
in the first place big bada boom the
only countries that in Europe that drive
on the left are the UK Ireland Cyprus
and Malta okay so they do they drive on
the right in Germany but it was Germany
in the UK I also I don't know what the
UK is so are you fucking kidding me I
know it's the United Kingdom but what
does it was that just England Ireland
and Scotland England Northern Ireland
Scotland Wales see I don't know I don't
know what's going on
I don't know what's going on rich I'm
just driving my car so I get what he's
saying is wait so do they drive on the
left of the right in Germany is my
question
they drive on on the right because that
wasn't one of the European countries
they list them yeah yeah can this be
confirmed by other by other chatters
that Germany drives on the right for
some reason that doesn't sound right to
me
jack is a farm boy cut some slack
so I'm smoking
you know behind me no we're gonna drug
World War 2 when the UK fought the UK no
I don't think that's true
well if Germany is in the UK that's
exactly what happened I get it
sorry sorry sorry I'm having it get back
to our July it's smoking
Oh Curtis problem that's okay you know
why because I have a bottle it's going
to die
it needs more water to thing
oh that has water Oh
oh it's just needs repairs put the water
back tales repair kit out
and chat our garius fakirs has rich
Evans wearing that weird hat that says
sex Leah sucks Sox fans like sex
unlike Cubs fans which is why you're all
virgins chicken big buck says does Mike
have any plans for a rlm co-op
internship program button age son who
loves JRPGs and I'd really like rich to
teach him how to hate these things
Rachel Rachel in the first place let's
do this
it's night time my price shouldn't be
out on the road in the middle of the
night
TC Brady 1 3 3 says Mike really seems to
love when you say hey is there anything
else that makes him laugh in real life
also
hashtag Project Hornet you'll hear about
John Horner when and if there's anything
to hear you'll hear either one that's a
success or when it's a failure just
forget about it it'll be a while
probably it's gonna take a while we are
moving forward we we have that we got
something something happen over the
weekend and so we are moving forward
with project or knit it's just you know
slow goes as far as Mike laughing can
tell you about anything specific that
always sets him off but when we were
filming the podcast video the the nerd
box video yeah he laughed every time my
head hit the TIE fighter Mike has an
unnatural love of buffoonery slapstick
buffoonery a little eyes in the chat
wants to know is this literally just a
game where you drive and maintain a
crappy car is there more to it it's
looking like a game where you drive and
maintain a crappy car yes so if I find
out more this is boring I will let you
you Motel interesting idea probably good
why did I skip the last wheel of the
worst well it doesn't really work that
way they're usually you know five or six
of us around and it's a panel of four
people you're not gonna be at every
episode yeah pretty much
no okay
just Alex sixty forces Star Trek
question of the day why is ensign ro so
goddamn hot probably because you
fetishized nose ridges would be my guess
damn which is attractive or which one of
you she was the incident room from like
part of the season before she wasn't
around anymore she was all set up to be
a main character and then and she just
wasn't for no particular yeah I don't
know what was going on behind the scenes
with that maybe they're just trying to
set her up for deep space 9 that had
never worked out when they're planning
deep space 9 okay I think she was the
first vajura we ever saw okay yeah
she was supposed to be Kira in ds9 to
someone in the chat says DK FF IV oh
yeah I could see that guy was kind of
assumed that was the case
hey I made it how did how did Mike get
the question in the chat oh my god this
thing Scrolls so fast I love that you
guys say stuff but it makes it hard to
her to read ahead and give credit where
credit is due but somebody in the chat
who once lost forever now because it
scrolled up and I'm too lazy to look
said how did Mike get the dick the
birthday boy picture an important
question be the the birthday boy picture
after my grandmother had died
and we sold her house we're getting rid
of a ton of the house is just full of
crap that were getting rid of I kind of
wanted to just clean break I I was ready
to throw out the my little family album
I just wanted to toss all that shit like
I'm done with this closing this chapter
of my life and Mike just held on to that
stuff rather than throwing it out he was
there help me clean the house yeah and
rather than let it go the trash just
took it out of the trash captain you
know cool go got him good yeah we
appreciate that now yeah yes I need to
pull up in my car sorry I thought I
needed to talk to you guys
you think it's sweet I think he just
wanted to save the dicta birthday
picture canopy both what I don't want to
use the motel it's Mike my stalker Mike
is my childhood stalker fascination with
with that baby picture of me what
everyone's fascinated with that baby
like my grandmother
yeah yeah from what I know of your
grandmother she was an interesting she
was an interesting character it's not
it's you know you have a lot of
interesting characters in your life
okay
so that picture was almost lost at I'm
like I think I had actually thrown that
picture with a bunch of others just in
the trash
oh yeah if like if Mike had had
respected your wishes that picture that
picture would be gone
they're all there if Mike had respected
my wishes there wouldn't be a picture of
me as a child with a shirt saying dude
dick me floating around the internet all
time yeah yeah yeah so good on Mike for
that whoops
oops okay Mike Mike is in in abusing
your childhood Mike has brought joy to
so many people in not respecting your
wish it wishes
mike has meds in us to us that's water
sorry Chen says da jalopy for building
of the moral fiber is good no I cannot
stop searching for 11th difference of
box of cereal is not good yet sorry
Shen Cova mmm cute approved time it
approved renegade Kira says hey guys I
have to ask ya
what happened to the Jews and lose was
it destroyed did Len take it home so we
get to keep punching jack in the face
well ever make a comeback lol Mike loves
rich I'm not sure if we even still have
them we kept it around for a while
oh did you yeah I'm not sure if we still
have it I think I think at the end of
the day the choosen lose is just a lot
less exciting than either the wheel or
the Plinko board I mean it worked for
the Len episode because it involved
punching Ryan was think that was the gag
right so unless we have another guest
whose thing is punching but then of
course would be reusing a gag right I
think the chances of seeing the chews
and lose again are low oh very how do i
how do I use my wallet
hello ma'am ma'am ma'am jack is this
less of a game than the last guardian so
far we're about on equal parts although
I did have to I I have to do some
resource management which is a more of a
game than last Guardian I right now I'm
playing the game of how do I give her
money do you need - yeah I want to tire
I bought that tire and it's 50 dollars
did I did I do it no idea didn't know I
know I went back over here see look like
wallet in car fYI that's what they're
saying
oh okay is that is that the deal that's
what I'm reading the wallet is in my cut
please return all unpaid goods before
I'm too late oh geez geez I'm H crisp
man from lorenz him in the chat says
guys the Last Guardian was an experience
yeah sure was the Last Guardian was a
test of my patience he fucking failed
well you let me know when you get bored
there is a plan B yeah I guess yeah well
I like I'd like to actually do something
in the games or we could just say fuck
it and play more Space Marine ha ha ha
do you want to give a space breeder shot
right I think it's the question jack no
I want to give this I want to give this
a legitimate chance close the fucking
door close it
am I not gonna be able to get back into
my car
okay I have my wallet now so I can
actually pay for stuff by gas to rich al
loves space marina we already played at
last stream you weren't around
apparently I did love it I floated when
it first came out actually oh you know
ages ago years ago wasn't five years oh
yeah any longer I don't know anyway I
played it before I love to I played it
last stream
I loved it again yeah I played through
the rest of the game like last night and
I loved the rest of the game except for
the last battle which is a bullshit
QuickTime event otherwise a great game
hey rich long war - on XCOM 2 is out
that's right the long war mod for ex-con
one long boil on more lot more a lot
more oh by the way our long way hey
about this long war mod I still haven't
played through XCOM 2 vanilla with all
of the DLCs yeah
I had reasons for from not really
playing long war for XCOM enemy within
unknown oh yeah I had my reasons like I
don't some of the changes they made of
attack them
I don't know if I like what they've
changed I don't know what they've done
with X come to you know I will have to
look into it so the answer is I'll have
to look into it that's fair I might have
stolen that tire I'll be honest with you
it's very possible I stole that tire
okay okay
all right I assume I need my wallet if
I'm gonna stay in the motel but of
course it's mandatory that I stay in the
motel so really so oh my let me close
your door buddy yeah fine I'm more
interested in closing your door one be
just down the hall
great okay I said yeah that's fine
mama says a bit late to mention though
everyone I know who saw the road one
review said that rich looks like he had
a job where he wears that outfit one
even asked if he borrowed the hard hat
from his real job that particular helmet
that particular hard helmet her hat
wasn't the one I used but years ago now
I was briefly in construction before
before the fuckin economy tanked and
half the people I know got laid off
I was a fire sprinkler if they're right
right I said I was an apprentice she's
only doing a couple years before the
economy tanked and half the people I
knew got laid off family I needed to put
my wallet away in my car I would like
those keys now No
okay so anyone you can just come in here
now game sleepy thing Billa hecka says I
have a friend over right now and she
just said so you watch a guy who watches
another guy play a video game what is
wrong with you so keep up the great work
guys
that's a fair point bill always a fair
point yes talk out weird shit yeah you
know we talk about a lot of weird shit
but I mean also if you have someone over
you know you can always watch the stream
later yeah and entertain the lady friend
I mean I don't have much to add on this
game yeah there's no whole lot to it yet
so alright I suppose yeah it's a
simulator that's the thing yep I was
really expecting something more can I
have the key now or that fucking you
know what fine you know what fine fuck
it leaving the key in the door I'm a
rebel rich leaving that key in the door
thanks thanks bye is it your key well
it's the key to the motel
alright did you not sleep overnight I
hey went to bed and I woke up yeah well
you're right it's still night out wait a
minute
yeah thanks for staying safe journey now
all right all right that's fine probably
glitch probably a bug I get up on the
table to get in oh no am I not gonna be
able to get in my car no kind of the
table get in front of your car my parts
there how'd you get out
yeah like that she said to maneuver it
would you park right next to I don't
understand what's going on
don't worry about it oh wait Suns coming
up it's maybe you did sleep
excuse me all right you get a nice early
start Jack yep break it down that's how
I like to roll keep it moving on to the
briquette bring it on whoa whoa shit so
couldn't you couldn't you get in your
actual car and drive across the country
and actually have that experience for
real of course I do it is yeah this is a
game we need a simulator for oh yeah
what I guess what I'm saying is there's
probably a reason that it's not worked
on much the game in general but this I
thought I discovered something secret
but I discovered was a big waste of my
time you know maybe that's what we've
what we've learned is don't need shit
should this game have not taken place in
Germany should this just be a in the
same universe as papers please take over
actually a stroker I don't Scott I think
I still sky that would yeah maybe I'm a
little more fiction signing a book and
I'm still waiting for the game to start
this is the game Jack I think we got a
problem
yeah this is experience this is what it
was like back in the communist countries
when you were driving a car sure it's
the experience papers please ha vodka
right now you're not even out of the
tutorial mission right well then you
know tutorials they really need to be
more concise oh oh you know what help I
need to roll down my window your order
Tomb Raider the first Tomb Raider I
think the second one did the same thing
but you remember uh no the tutorial was
an entirely separate thing you clicked
on from the campaign oh okay sure so you
could get that shit out of the way and
you didn't have to worry about it on
replace nice rich you're a salty fucker
well I'm I'm critical which uh-huh which
is a handy considering we we work for a
website that is critical of things yeah
okay I need to choose the route you know
yeah make all games the same or you know
just deuce to that thing that other game
did that was smart
you getting bitch that all games have
controls oh you want games of control
all games have to be the same oh ridge
this eases WASD and a mouse to look
around how unoriginal oh you want more
in one game to be 3d oh you aren't all
games be the same what a bird we're
retarded comment okay bye
don't run over the guy all right here we
go
do there's no gas in the guy you think I
got that gas all right now we got some
tips I'm gonna read this just do B
sandwich chat questioning her first okay
what what were rich in Jack's game of
the year is it do like everyone else
this is an interesting question but we
never we never did like a year anything
write about it for a bet whatever did
Game of the Year
what's your name of the Irish I don't
know I don't know what I don't know no I
this last target last year we saw both
doom and XCOM to Rio that was I I don't
know what the fuck did to say to do
there I love them both so so I don't
care how many celebrity dies died 2016
was a great year we had X come to and
and and and doom and you know what you
know Karen Karen came up here yeah
that's pretty good good for you till
then it's pretty good year for me yeah
so but if you had to choose X come to or
I can't Jack I can't I can't for very
different reasons you can't yeah so but
the nerve they're really not easy games
to compare and contrast yeah yeah I
could hear them uncharted for I would
make 100 worst of played for hours of it
I wanted a fucking gouge my eyes out
booboo was the tutorial I guess that
gonna be the excuse yep the first four
hours are the garbage and I didn't want
to play the rest of the 12 hour game
this is the first four hours were
garbage but who was the tutorial
what would you say Jack
Game of the Year I got I got two things
you got a personal game of the year and
and the the everyday game of the year
okay for me personally
overwatch was my game of the year mmm
that's what I put the most hours in I'm
still playing it and still enjoying it
overwatch for days in a close second and
something I would consider to be like
the every man's game of the year I was
doomed okay fuckin doom doom dubiduba
doom in the episode that never got made
because you know it's the end of the
year and that shit happens I did want to
talk about two games that got special
recognition for me one is inside I like
the weird flesh arm thing that I got a
big smile and chuckle out of that yeah
inside wouldn't get anywhere close to
making like all around I didn't think it
was that great what
yeah here here's what inside doesn't
become great until you get to the joke
but it's a joke that you can get to in
one sitting
sure that's fine inside gets a special
recognition to me because it was a game
I had with some of the most I had such a
good time playing we're not going I'm
not going into inside was terrible
territory I'm saying it's not gonna make
it it would like special highlight of my
year no really yeah that inside was a
highlight for me it wasn't there was a
moment in there that was hysterical yeah
yeah that was a that that took like a
really dumb simple puzzle platformer and
elevated it to something I was not
expecting and so it gets special
recognition to me for me but but but
Trump Jack what about it but from I'm
supposed to ignore every good thing that
happened to me in 2016 because Trump Wow
who I don't like I think he's a boob he
does put a taint
and stuff taint other special
recognition of the year which will be no
surprise to anyone
what dusters for you I can see that that
I would totally see that it was just
such a unique way to control a game I
loved it for afraid it wins my
uniqueness Award unique eNOS for
excellence in uniqueness dusters so that
was that was gonna be my part of the
episode his little duster his little
inside overwatch and doom is the year I
realize games can still be fun right
doom is such a fun game shit so so we're
way out here um Buster load says sup
boys be honest you guys are insane clown
posse right you're from the Midwest Jack
was a clown richest singing voice it all
adds up tell us the truth you Juggalos
LOL Faygo my day go wow yeah i'm not i
am not down with the clone no I'm not
down with the clown or the sickness yeah
the sickness is okay you're down with
the sickness sickness is okay yeah I
don't understand the whole insane clown
posse thing it's very strange to me so
no nope
nobody nope nope I know many people have
requested or recommended that we watch
their movies on best of the worst
because they make their own movies
movies TC brainy one through three says
are you guys aware that Seth Rogen
follows you on twitter our lemma count
though that was kind of cool thought
that was kind of cool
the bye bye man ah he's gonna get you oh
no - bye bye man went that's bad
hahahahaha he's gonna get you that was
the latest half in the bag as they did
goodbye was it oh I didn't actually have
much latest half in the bag yeah they do
the bye bye man and lala land okay okay
and the bye bye man if you haven't seen
the trailer for anything in a person oh
hey it looks awful it looks just awful
it's a horror movie
Tadeo excuse me
did not know seth rogen pollicis that's
cool that's great that's cool yo
nonnamous says hey did you guys play
hyper light drifter if you haven't I
really recommend it it's really straight
up your guys heli we have streamed it
before I actually like it I like it
quite a bit I would rate it higher than
inside here's what here's here's here's
why I here's why inside is a thing for
me enter the gungeon was this year yeah
you know what enter the gungeon was
after after all the time playing it yeah
that gets a solid math yeah that's what
enter the gungeon gets here's why inside
gets a special nod there's there's a lot
of talk of like experience games the
games you know yeah it's it's it's not
about the gameplay it's about the
experience but inside was one of the
only games that actually delivered on
that like the the the actual platforming
puzzle solving was was near mindless but
you hit that story point in inside and
it was wonderful it was wonderful and
the pacing was was right on everything
everything was right about that game
experience wise no love for titanfall to
last year well we don't play everything
that comes out I have not I have not
played titan fall to I am aware it
exists but I don't have an Xbox one
first thing I don't have an Xbox one
second thing even if I did have an Xbox
one I'm playing a fucking shirt or
weather controller there's been twice
like lady one time in my life I've
enjoyed a shooter with a controller and
it's it's like a major exception through
like vanquish yeah but if you watch me
play that you'll notice I use the time
stop power like fucking constantly
because I'm playing it with a controller
right so I'm not interested in playing
it on an Xbox one and thirdly I don't I
don't really run across many ads for
anything or where to buy it because it's
probably only available on origin if
it's even available on PC right I don't
don't you see a origin because I don't I
don't trust ei like at all so it just
hasn't been anywhere in my peripheral
vision titanfall - right because it's on
origin look at the chat you had yeah I
know I I talked about a bang on PC and
why I hadn't played it on PC there's a
hope today it's 60 bucks that I would
have to go out of my way to play for a
game that there it wasn't super
interested in it the first place are we
going to play neo that souls like
samurai game Jack yeah we are okay
Jack's Jack is very interested in the
meal I am very interested in looks good
I saw a video clip of it it looks looks
like a fine thing yeah yeah it's fun it
looks like fun
time we are planning on playing neat Oh
neat oh hi oh I you know I hope it's I
hope it is like Dark Souls I really
enjoy the Dark Souls combat system I
have a introjection but I'm not gonna
interrupt you for it oh and but I'm
worried it's more just gonna be kind of
a hacky /e which also could be fun like
yeah so go ahead thinking thinking a
little bit outside of the box yeah it's
raining oh yeah you have a cup for water
right do you have a way to replenish
water can you catch rain I'm just
thinking ahead yeah yeah like that JJ
are our Lovecraft says all odd from
Clift Cthulhu talk Wow yeah yeah that
was worthwhile that was worthwhile use
of your money sir you did it whatever
did Dubey sandwich says rich if someone
offers you to be the voice of the
Showbiz Pizza bear for an independent
chuck-e-cheeses animated short
would you do it fYI showbiz ohms Chuck I
know I know they do um how much money
are they offering sure um I'll be a
fucking sellout it's not selling out if
you're okay with it to begin with I
don't know why anybody would want to use
my voice to advertise something though
you barely understand what I'm saying
like a third of the time they have a neo
neo demo out if you want to try it do we
we tried and it was too late to get the
dumb horse on the rear yeah the the demo
was only a limited time thing we almost
we almost streamed it the demo yeah we
had the ps4 set up and everything okay
by the way I cannot refill my water
bottle it was a I was a pod it was just
a thought it was a good thought by the
way okay oh wait no that it's empty I
figured there might be something gamey
and possibly going on here somewhere
still wait for it how's the waiting for
a game II puzzling things I am thinking
maybe weird
oh so the same there's a new demo oh
there's a new demo oh well I mean we're
I'm gonna play it I don't need a new
demo which can you do a Mickey Mouse
impression Oh No huh I'm stupid Wow I
don't know why anybody likes me oh I'm
so fucking boring
goddammit I have to buy oil again cuz my
oil disappeared let's get some gas
rich you can download it right now pay
attention
we're checkers playing this I know you
probably hate this is it gonna be
available on PC Nihon oh he mean as far
as right now it's a ps4 food we don't
have the ps4 here you're shit out of
luck
I appreciate you letting us know that we
can use the demo again maybe a different
stream but right now it's impossible I
apologize
need oil thank you
have oil
developers have really perfected the
gray wet miserable look of Germany UK
apparently knee oil now that's the new
Hideo Kojima game is called sick bird
sick burn by E so does the car breakdown
just so you have something to do oh my
oh my god this is I know this is bad
because they're now asking you to play
dusters oh wow if they'd rather see dusk
or something is very very wrong
I am sorry everyone yeah you know I'm
gonna I'm hope I'm just I'm still hoping
for a game obviously you know let's put
that back
sorry Jen says speaking of samurai so
how about that phoenix wright also jack
yeah what cereal brand is this box it
was it was Target brand generic cinnamon
toast crunch that is the that was the
the cereal it was something called like
crunchy cinnamon nice squares or
something like that did did you post a
picture on the Twitter's I did post
picture on so you can see the picture on
the the previously recorded Twitter's
yep
all right this way which way should you
go now jack heyo are you feeling lonely
Kenneth are you feeling scared
driving car in the rain that this game
in Soviet Russia you just drive car in
Soviet Russia games are boring so you
know how good you have it it's like I
think I get where he's going with this
game it's like we're telling you this
could be your life but really it is oh
how sad
the game here is guessing when Jack will
finally get done giving this game a
chance
what's up time
what's up time what is he up time when
did we start six ish yeah at 7:29 right
now yeah they hate Phoenix right now we
don't hate Phoenix right you know what
we had a fun time playing Phoenix right
it was that one puzzle and really it
didn't sour us on Phoenix right it just
it just pissed us off that day we do not
hate Phoenix right and we had a game
playing I know I know
I was all set to do voices for this but
the only guy who talked left the game
like an hour and a half ago yeah when I
get to the second town like I figured
this game will be boring but at least I
can probably do funny Russian voices
yeah that was a good business that was
boy whoa did the Packers lose oh thank
you for cheering me up
oh the Packers it's it's better when
they lose for a non sports fan or a non
Packers fan because when they lose
everyone just shuts up if they would
have won and made it to the is next one
the Super Bowl if they would have made
it to the Super Bowl it just would have
been more nonsense more go local sports
team nonsense which I just could not
give two fucks about
so you know good for you if not rich
complain about final fantasy Wow Wow you
know you know what liven things up what
let's talk about politics oh Jesus
Christ
Wow that's what we're God because the
game yeah that's what we got we got we
got Trump Jack we got Trump do you want
to talk about it well you what you were
- we started talking a little bit
earlier about the massive protest yep
they're saying something like you know
all the marches around the world at
least in the United States they're
saying something like two and a half
million people in the streets angry I
think at best it's useless
ad worst it's it's harmful harmful even
it's what is it a why are people
protesting what I like what are people
protesting what are they produce what
are they protesting well it's it's not
they're not just protesting Trump
they're protesting his his policies what
like are you sure what like what do you
mean well so like the the women's March
yeah that was kind of like the the big
who do what policy are they protesting
well Trump has been pretty vocal about
like taking away or taking away health
care rights taking away Roe visas versus
Ray the the right for a woman to choose
their there are female equality and
health care issues that I think was the
impetus for this March in particular
when you look at this from the outside
it looks like people are just whining
because Trump won and they don't like
Trump it's it looks very childish I mean
I disagree obvious it it comes off
looking like crybabies having a fit
because their purse
didn't win the election and popular vote
aside he won fairly that electoral vote
has been built into the system from I
start of the country absolutely fairly
won the election absolutely even even
you know with all of the allegations it
comes off
exactly as childish as like when Obama
won want to see that birth certificate
we are now seeing we are now seeing the
flipside no well that was racism he
doesn't look like an American he's not
an American we need to see proof
Americans who have never had they've
never seen a black person before who was
born in America but yeah that's never
happened right they that's why that
birther thing was a big deal rich and
that's that's just how it is know so for
me the protest made a lot of sense I I
don't like this reaction I do because
because of course because home you were
I might read I don't know I don't know
what I'm gonna do like to me to me it's
not whining what you what you are doing
is showing support for policies you
would like to see enacted and so like
let's say you're you're you have a big
group of people who all want the same
thing a woman's right to choose is well
that's the one thing that will thrown
out there right and you get all together
and then politicians see that there's a
big group of people who are willing to
go out and walk for this is is a big
part of their constituencies so then
they will push for those policies to be
enacted in their district like you know
that's why they're like Madison in the
big cities and so you know oh oh okay a
bunch of people want this this is
something that me as a politician if I
want to keep my job I will push for that
they won't rate change Trump's mind at
all of course cuz he's you know he's far
gone but it will invigorate the
opposition to Trump I I think yeah if
you were on the left side of things the
left side of things yeah you should be
looking on the inside right now
this-this-this crying about Trump like
like once he starts actually doing
something stupid in office then you can
drag out the protest signs and protest
the whatever thing he did you don't like
right now for what it just seems
childish for another thing just disagree
instead of bitching about Trump the left
needs to take a look at itself you know
Hillary Clinton could not beat ex
reality star orangutan right right
there's a reason for that and we've
talked about this before and there's
more of a reason for that than just her
unlike a bill that the the Democratic
side of things needs to get its own shit
and order I agree on I agree with that
but it has way more to do it has it's
way bigger picture than just Hillary
Clinton not being likable the people you
need to win over yeah to get on your
side are looking at the the women's
March and they're seeing crybabies the
people you need to win over you know
you're not doing anything for the people
who already agree with you yeah we know
a lot of people hate Trump everybody
everybody fucking knows that right and
so would you what you would prefer
people do is not do anything is oh you
know what how about would they just say
how maybe write an angry thing on
Facebook you're right that'll take care
of it a little bit better or they could
get out there and do something to show I
would I would not make yourself look bad
and and shoes
choose your million women marches more
carefully yeah and have a clear message
of what you're speaking out against I
guess because it this looks like nothing
other than where we're sad we lost the
election is how this looks I you know I
didn't see it that way and I don't think
the people marching saw it that way
either they see they see the direction
that Trump is heading and before you
know like what what you're saying is you
know what
till he does something bad then go out
but if you haven't if you have a chance
to even just slow down the process of
him doing something bad wouldn't you do
that
I wasn't slowing down exactly it's a
reaction to right yeah currently it's a
reaction to nothing that has happened
yet well he just came in office yes
right so so the flag comes off as
whining so start the ball rolling
they're not gonna you're not gonna the
March isn't gonna keep him from taking
office of course not
they did it after he took office the
March is not gonna keep him from taking
office and the marches aren't going to
stop him mmm they're not gonna change
Trump's mind at all yeah like I said
it's about energizing and and organizing
the opposition to trump and so for all
those people you know that your Congress
people your Senators right there are
there are some people who are trying to
play the fence game say well maybe we
can work with Trump maybe we can do this
you know because they they're still
reading the territory and that so that
was a signal from the voters to say hey
we this is you know this is the
direction we want to go we are or we
will be strong in numbers and we will be
organized I'm saying if they're people
though you want to win over to your way
of thinking yeah I don't think this is
doing anything to help you this is this
is it to me it seems like preaching to
the choir
it's preaching to the choir and I don't
think it's gonna do anything useful I
guess I get and that might just be
another point where we disagree you know
as far as look as far as like the people
you need to live to win over right
Hillary won by close to three million
votes the popular vote she won the
popular vote by by by close to three
million votes she got more votes than
Obama did in in uh you know eight No
well in twelve
we wouldn't have to talk about politics
if we played a fun game settle down
settle down my children's so these like
magical people that you're talking about
that that we needed to win over I don't
think there's just that many of them yep
there were there were massive
gerrymandering efforts on the Republican
side to rezone districts there was a
there was a muckraking conspiracy by the
Russians to cast doubt on Clinton's
viability as a candidate there was this
massive effort against Hillary Clinton
and she still won the popular vote by
more than three million votes you know
how how like with with gamers and with
people who love movies
yeah if with the Internet in general
yeah if you don't absolutely love
something yeah that means you hate it
sure okay sure oh yeah like like if
you're if you're say like lukewarm on a
Star Wars movie voters are the same way
voters are the same way hmm and there
are a lot of people who if they were
saner would be on the fence but they're
they're gonna they're gonna pick an
extreme because that's what everybody
fucking does no and then you you see
something like this protest and that's
you know guy look at those crybabies I'm
went from I heard it
wasn't wasn't that game awesome that was
fucking awesome did they did they lose
by a large number how big was the number
they lost by was it was it more than
double oh sorry
I'm sorry if you were Packers fan I saw
part of it before heading over here I
had a good chuckle prom with the
doorbell I heard it yeah I didn't hear
the doorbell I just heard like footsteps
I probably do well we were talking about
politics which is fine we can we can
stop now if you come in we don't have to
talk about politics I'm playing a very
boring all right I'll stop this game
rich play the Valkyrie or whatever
that's fine stop this this is boring you
know what I'll just play some more Space
Marine bad there's a time and a place to
learn something sure alright it's it's a
game called jalopy and it's about like
you drive this car in like mid 90s
Germany it's a it's a piece-of-shit car
and things start to break down and you
need to like buy new parts for it and
stuff and like fix the parts and put gas
in it and stuff and then that's it
and I haven't like there's no way to get
more money to pay for stuff so I don't
really know how that works and I know
how you drive it's all very very if they
click on the steering wheel first all
you have to start the car first
our battery our batteries dead and you
don't want it's fit saving quantity so I
was I was waiting for like something to
happen in the game like hey all right
like okay maybe I have to do a quest to
earn some money here no but just go to
the next town and nothing
yes that's life not a video game that's
why I play video games hold on let me
get you a microphone
