Episode 029
From Guttenberg to Goldberg aka Jack Loves Sister Act
February 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8dXyG4zhrk
___________________________________________

and you know obviously there's a lot of
old technology that he's playing around
oh sure but that's a story it's still
very it still holds up and Gutenberg's
and good burgers local birds you say
that like I was a positive
I love Gutenberg I got no problem with
Steve Guttenberg he was America's
Sweetheart and that's not an
exaggeration like a pagoda Gutenberg was
America's Sweetheart for a while a very
brief period of time there's like a two
or three year span and then he was done
right but in that two years you couldn't
turn a corner without seeing Gutenberg
right police Academy's gonna be three
short three men and a baby directed by
do you know who directed three men and a
baby who directed three million baby
Leonard Nimoy oh I did not know that
that is that weird interesting fact who
directed three men three-minute a little
lady that I don't know probably not
Leonard Nimoy the Shatner directed that
one cuz I you Guttenberg was so popular
I even saw three men and a little lady I
think I saw that in the theater it's
equal to three minute when I was pretty
little where they try to send her off
nobody directed three men and a little
lady yeah oh he directed Dirty Dancing
the director of three-minute a little
lady yeah oh the Dirty Dancing and he
did sister acts not a nobody but he's no
Leonard Nimoy uh possibly better than
one or me more Sister Act
wait is this Sister Act or Sister Act
two back in the have a sister act oh
okay
so he did not work with Miss Lauren Hill
Lauren's sister act to shit yes yes
isn't Jennifer Love Hewitt in one of
those movies machine the second one
probably the second one that's it that's
the one in the height in the Catholic
High School I have no idea your your
lack of knowledge of the sister act
series I think I maybe saw the first one
once on cable or something that just
means we have to have a sister act night
oh well fine it's happening I made you
watch frozen you're gonna watch sister
act it's gonna be great
if any of you guys seen Singh Street
it's even on Netflix no I've heard it's
good oh but I've not seen it I also have
not seen it rich you seen since
treatment no what is Singh Street I
don't know I don't like care about I
don't know it's a feel-good movie about
kids singing why do I like Sister Act so
much it was one of the few movies we had
grown up on that we didn't have much
we had Sister Act and supergirls Sister
Act you see your damn farm a lot of the
movies we had were dictated by what my
mother would allow in the house and so
you know Whoopi Goldberg on a on a mad
capper caper hiding from the Mafia in a
Catholic monastery - area like that's
right up my mom's alley so that's what
we had when you watch this track - cuz
like you already know ones that she's
back in the habit kind of crazy
shenanigans is she gonna get into this
time and so like she she's a Vegas
showgirl Whoopi Goldberg right and she
goes to the monster to hide out from the
mob because she's gonna like snitch on
yes
but the church is failing no one's
coming to church anymore
so Whoopi Goldberg decide that she is
going to spice up the quiet yeah with
some of her Vegas showgirl tactics and
it is her nominee ensues what's the plot
of the second one how does she get back
in the habit I don't think she's hiding
in the second one I oh she's not hiding
the the nuns now have a school okay and
they call her in to help because the
school is failing and they desperately
need fun so they need some that Whoopi
Goldberg magic so they can win a singing
competition
okay so Whoopi's trying to spice him up
but like all the kids are like you're
why she were in the nun costume again
she has because she has to because it's
a sequel to Sister Act she has to
pretend to be a nun because the
headmaster of the school won't
let non nuns teach okay because the
Headmaster's school is very old school
so all the other nuns know that she's a
fraud I suppose at the first movie they
don't know the first movie they don't
know but the second movie they know and
they're willingly participating in this
know them there's only like two or three
nuns that know that Whoopi's not a nun
okay and then there's some new nuns that
think Whoopi's or not oh this is a worst
not ever right but the ones who know
there's they're committing sin they're
bad nuns it's for the greater good of
the school because if the school fails
these are in inner-city youths okay okay
this is Lauryn Hill so they need to keep
it on the hush-hush so the kids can win
the singing competition but then the
kids find out that Whoopi's not a nun
and she betrayed their trust absolutely
right how are they gonna sing in the
competition when when not even whoopie
can be real with them dawn and then the
quiet kid who's like really quiet in
class like Whoopi you won't even believe
this i hears her singing in the bathroom
and she can sing be the star show but
you know what she's like super shy too
shy to say he's like super shy do you
think she'll do it in the end no
spoilers for this one you guys watching
yourself yeah I just did I talked for
about 20 minutes on sister like we liked
watching movies but we just didn't have
a lot of them so I ended up watching the
same movie over and over and over like
Sister Act holy fuck