Episode 030
I'd Warhammer in the Evening
February 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1QmpsCaS7k
___________________________________________

confine it that's a fun little shirt I
love all my shirts all of your shirt
sure it's probably like an Etsy thing or
like a teespring might be well since I'm
sure that's not an officially licensed
shirt with these different brands on it
right well you know there it's just ship
outlines and so like that's probably not
vague enough where they can get away
with yeah this one says coffee and it's
from a coffee shop that I like going to
have a lot of t-shirts cyber BAM foam at
hey guys huge rlm fan I'm shooting my
first feature curious if you guys want
to check out some footage I think J in
particular might know know what happens
when you assume right it's an
atmospheric female serial killer pink
putting that wait wait till it's done
yeah wait till it's done then you pretty
pricey still have you listened to us
talk about anything we're dickheads we
are not supportive we're not gonna be
nice I subscribe to the idea of make
your thing yeah and put it out there yes
and and the right people will find it if
it's if they have an interest in
whatever that type of thing is it's true
that's very true
don't don't try and enforce it on people
right or they won't you know wallow and
obscurity but it's always a possibility
as well that's that's a - likelihood
actually it's you know that it comes up
every once in a while a five having I've
had this happened to me a few times
where people will give me kind of like
half of an idea or like this script
outline and be like what do you think of
this it's like that could be great does
it exist yet no because I look right you
know but I think you know they're hoping
that know if they just if they just hear
this idea they're gonna hop on board
nope
make you think first make your thing
make your thing you can do it I believe
in you but don't don't no no no no
previews make a thing
failure failure is always an option and
that's okay because the great thing
about people who make stuff is usually
we are driven to make more so even if we
fail we'll just keep going yeah until we
don't fail as hard passengers had an
a-plus script and look how that turned
out
right I thought passengers was making
like a ton of money I don't think it's
done okay
I like the trailer I like that Chris
Pratt
but then Jennifer Lawrence I am I like
Syfy jennifer whitt Jennifer Lawrence
yeah yeah oops wrong button
no battery no problem romance life I'm
sorry I got bad reviews I was actually
interested in seeing it before I started
seeing like yeah that's mama tur but
then again you said earlier don't listen
to something you think looks interesting
see it even if it's good all right you
know what maybe I'll seek it out anyway
no you never know
yeah there's you and you need to see a
rival first yeah you need to see you're
right I know I need to see a rival my
very good I'm sure passengers might be
fine but what you need is the arrival
just so we can talk about it captain
Terry kiss so for the record I could
play this all night okay
I know we've been here I know we've been
here hours we hadn't you know I'm not
gonna get tired of this oh heck Bob just
said we've been up for three hours and
45 minutes Wow my god it's 10:00 yeah
you know I maybe we could wrap it up
it's been I drove in from Madison today
I spent all yesterday drinking now
there's and it's drinking's hard work
I've got about four hours of sleep in
the last three days Jays coming from V
fest
we might need to wrap it up just for
sanity steak yeah yeah great I think
this is the the least I've slept at B
Fest this year really I think I slept
because I know you always tried to like
sleep a little bit here and there yeah
you know maybe 20 minutes a half an hour
here and there I think I maybe slept for
less than an hour
this entire B fest but you said it
wasn't even a good B fest
know that why there was a couple times
where I tried to sleep and I just
couldn't fall asleep it messes with your
brain that B fest epic jason says do you
think the metroid movie could work if a
competent director made it it's alien
metroid is alien
it's literally based off of the movie
alien about a badass female bounty
hunter with a gun for an arm of course
it could be awesome is it gonna be
awesome probably not like there's a
really much story material to work with
it's okay the aliens did you shoot the
aliens that's all you need the what will
the Metroid movie will fail when someone
tries to put a story in there the video
game movies right then does it need to
be a movie is what I'm saying right and
it doesn't need to be a movie but it's
it looks visually interesting mostly
because it was based off of the alien
universe and it could be a fun action
movie but yeah they're gonna try to
shove some sort of oh no Samus is
getting married she has a kid now and
the kid there were a lot of people like
the Mortal Kombat movie cuz it's just
kind of a whole lot of fighting it is an
adaptation of what that game is and it
doesn't get bogged up I mean nothing
it's a good movie or anything but it is
what the game is you know in movie form
I I've never heard the the sentence
isn't that why people like the Mortal
Kombat
before people like that movie but I've
never heard that for what it is I didn't
want have to get a sequel people like
the tack of the clones you know okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna put myself out here a
little bit
speaking of movies someone in the chat
mentioned a movie after seeing the
second trailer for the Power Rangers
movie I'm a little hyped for it it looks
kind of Awesome I'm the second trailer
makes it look not as bad as the first
one but and still doesn't look
particularly good I also I have no
connection to the Power Ranger franchise
so I couldn't care less but I only like
I started watching it a few years ago
when my kids were watching it and a
couple episodes are pretty good so like
I have no like deep nostalgia for it
yeah well you know what you make a
little you make an action movie where
we're teenagers you know get power suits
and punch aliens like I'm I think it
might be okay with this I think I'm I
think I'm getting a little excited for
the Power Rangers movie and at least you
have an excuse to see it you can take
your kids right to dark for them if it
looks too dark for him then it's then
it's shitty cuz Power Rangers should be
for little kids power means you should
be for little kids absolutely and I
guess that'll be the question is I'll
have to I'll have to do some research
because I made that mistake with rogue
one people people grow up and they want
to make the franchise's for children
that they loved as children into adult
franchise okay yeah rogue one is of
course a prime example I'm example that
and yeah if they go full rogue one then
I won't be able to take the kids I'll
still go see it could become a little
excited hopefully hopefully it's good
for kids because they they love that
stuff kung fu fighting giant robots big
monsters I love that stuff what am I
talking about that stuff in the new
Power Rangers movie yeah did you see the
trailer the swords they got the Zords oh
I don't know they fucking fight gold
it's they morph it into the big Megazord
awesome are you speaking some form of
English I'm not familiar with it they
have the giant fighting the giant
monster versus the Megazord that guy's
in big costumes though it's not guys in
big costumes unfortunately it's gonna be
CG right I do love the guys in the big
cardboard costumes that's part of that
it's like Godzilla like that's part of
the charm this guy in a big rubber suit
fucking let's take that away and it's
just like generic looking modern movie
yeah but is you know what as long as
it's fun huh I'll give it I'll give it a
pass maybe at least this new trailer
made it look like there's some humor to
it that first trailer looks so serious
right all brooding nobody wants to see a
gritty serious Power Rangers movie
nobody nobody wants to see that none of
us grew up with the Power Rangers are
the kids who grew up with the Power
Rangers and they're adults do they want
to see a gritty Power Rangers movie
that's the question it's not really for
us right it's for the generation right
below yes I'll have to ask my
brother-in-law
yeah he's his little brother Prime Power
Rangers age oh sure he's an adult now is
he high for a more adult Power Rangers
movie that's that's the question yeah
but he also has like taste in movies not
bigger their target audience I wonder I
wonder
Brian Kent Cranston is is or Tom yep
Zordon Cranston huh poor Bryan Cranston
no he was in he was like a plenty a
putty in the original Power Rangers
Bryan Cranston yeah he got a start on
the Power Rangers show really out of
putty or he did he do the voice of alpha
or something no no not alpha this is the
first I've heard of him any any
association with Power Rangers like one
of his first gigs was on the Power
Rangers TV show well that's interesting
and that's why he's that's why he's
doing this one is huh yeah hold on let
me look it up
I've never heard this before let me look
it up it's very possible I'm saying an
inaccurate thing he'll always be Tim
Watley the dentist from Seinfeld to me
that puts you under and potentially does
ling-su you while you're under the
dentist who converted to Judaism first
and then offends you as a Jewish man no
it offends me is a comedian let's see
what we got here I'm looking I'm looking
through his IMDB here third Rock from
the Sun we're getting closer Saving
Private Ryan did not know that someone
felled Babylon 5 man this man works you
know working actor you take what you can
get since forever his first kind of
breakout was malcolm in the middle'
right oh yeah yeah that was his first
like Mighty Morphin Power Ranger Mighty
Morphin Power Ranger he played both twin
man and sneezer dumb voice voice work Oh
voice work ok because you know the back
end back in the original Power Rangers
say they would use the old footage from
the Japanese show but so he just did
voice work as twin man and sneeze hard
okay in 1993 I mean yes sneeze guard was
like a giant nose I'm sure it's exactly
that oh that's interesting that it
realize that I'm gonna need that he has
a connection to it I guess I think
that's why that's why everything is now
I'm super pipe super pumped super pumped
and now no I couldn't wait to see it now
he's gonna be Zordon man that means
nothing to you he's made it knows
everyone's the big floating head thing
he's a big floating man oh man
I get C from the voice of a better miner
bad guy to the leader of the Power
Rangers Iran doesn't mean anything to me
either honestly and it was we did was
you know a critically acclaimed
television show
it's way more important than a Power
Rangers movie new.we more important to
you j-just to you I'm going to assume to
most people yes I need teenagers with
attitude these teenagers look like they
got some motherfucking attitude no I'm
talking about I love I love the original
like opening of the Power Rangers Rita
Repulsa has escaped her prison on the
moon we need teenagers with attitude
that was it that was all the setup you
need you know what they're like you know
I'm a big guy that believes in like
action as theming frameworks and in that
first season there were a couple really
solid episodes I sorry I know I'm sure
there was I'm dealing I'm getting way
too deep into Power Rangers mostly cuz
you know I was like I was watching with
my kids like there's something in there
it's okay but like they had this whole
episode where they each had they said
like a special Power Rangers weapon okay
and they were still figuring out how to
work as a team and they discovered that
if they work right they can put all
their weapons together to make a super
weapon and so like the action intertwine
with the story and a neat and
interesting way and so they got some
shit right and I will never discuss
power range Power Rangers that
thoroughly every you right I'm
practicing for the next nerd crew all
about the Power Rangers
she's reader she but they're not gonna
call her Rita Repulsa they will not call
her that in this movie because that's
too silly do you want me to look up I
recently for our grown ups Power Rangers
you want me to look up IMDB all right
man they better fucking call her you
know Paulson
or else what listen what are you going
to do about oh I will I will raise heck
no I just think it'd be funny if they
call the reader in falsi all right
I'm looking at the IMDB casts credits
for the new Power Rangers movie okay
guesses on what her name is
well it's gonna be I think they say Rita
and the trailer don't think I'm mistaken
just read it yeah it'll just be read oh
just be Rita yeah
officially it might be listed as Rita
Repulsa but they might not say that in
the film it is listed officially as Rita
Repulsa okay they will not say it in the
movie bill haters Elfa 500 I like that
bill hate it it says read of repulse oh
I hope they call a read it Rita Repulsa
the alien queen who has been trapped on
the moon you know you would love that
like if they went follow it they went
completely cheesy maybe wouldn't that be
great clearly not doing that oh yeah no
I mean I get it I don't blame them for
what they are doing Rudd I have no
interest in it I think it'd be great
I don't want full I want full schlock
sure that would be wonderful
yeah based on the trailers that's not
what it is yeah well especially that
first tram well that first trailer just
looked like Chronicle which was shocking
well you know at one point max did a
draft of it really didn't use his draft
and they made a new one but the new one
looks just like an early max I am having
fun like I said I think out of all of us
I have watched the most Power Rangers
which is saying I've watched any Power
Rangers know I've seen a little bit here
and there okay but like not much but I
mean I siblings watch
my boys were so into I have seen like
eight different Power Ranger shows full
series yeah they're in so many different
ones right the only thing I've ever seen
was the original well the original
American wanted my name what was the
footage they took it from was a was the
name of that show oh right
Felicia me shabby super happy super Gaby
super sense sires for six but whatever
the original Fox show was seen a little
bit of that and then I saw the movie
night I took my younger siblings to see
the movie with Ivan ooze and that was
garbage with eight
shimmy-shimmy shoot superb Liberty
bloobity yeah you've got it right rich
well you can't you can't blame them for
wanting to turn it super serious Batman
vs Superman made a lot of money didn't
make expected money but it made a lot of
money and so like they're following
formulas that's what a lot of Hollywood
does they something has worked so we're
gonna do a little something that worked
it would be great what does even better
when you do something that doesn't
follow formula and is also really good
then you get like it like a Deadpool
yeah yeah which I mean you could say oh
it's another comic movie but it's sort
of taking the piss out of comic book
movies mm-hmm and it just does its own
thing
super kungfu fun time warriors its name
what that wasn't called suit man how do
you know I think it was like it was like
super sentai or something like that oh
okay there was something like that
what a translate to I fuck fuck man
super happy funtime warriors I don't
know fuck me I have seen a few episodes
of that just cuz I was curious yeah and
it's very different it's very very
different like their episodes it was it
was almost slice of life like time time
was a wasn't sped up at all like 20
minutes of show was 20 minutes of their
time interesting and so like the Power
Rangers in the American version got
their weapons in like 2 episodes yeah
and here like the entire season was them
walking from their base to get their
weapons episode weapons that was season
1 walking so you know it's it's very
very different television and the Yellow
Ranger is a guy oh yeah I think I
remember hearing that somewhere which is
why like the pink ranger has a little
dress on around fit yeah
so wad well I got sharone's fascinated
by her power ranger station this is all
I got rich names I'm done I'm never I'm
not gonna stop you know I'm just not
gonna stop okay oh wait we've had a few
more tips we will address these tips and
then we will thank people who subscribed
to us more recruit more praise for you
says Jay what are your thoughts in the
films of Terry Gilliam or Monty Python I
like my Python mmm I took me a long time
to get into Monty Python because I knew
like theater geeks in high school that
they love Monty Python and they quote it
endlessly and it's so obnoxious it their
enthusiasm ruin it for you I did it did
but then when I finally started watching
money Python stuff was like okay I get
it it's funny but theater kids man yeah
they fucking ruin Monty Python yeah
Python just fine I love a Monty Python I
love I like my favorite movie of theirs
I know everyone loves Life of Brian my
favorite is the meaning of life which is
like the least so you mean you mean Holy
Grail for the most people's favorite I
think most people's favorite is Holy
Grail probably okay I feel like it both
both of those two or you're kind of
pretty well liked and then a lot of
people don't like meaning of life but I
think there's some really nation meanie
the meaning of life isn't that just
skits they did on the TV show that they
resemble I think it is working story
yeah unless I'm thinking of the wrong
one I remember watching that and saying
I saw that's good before I saw that's
good no there's another one
war is another movie that's made up of
skits it's a different one that's a
different one okay meaning of life was
their last like movie together right but
it is like shorts yeah yeah that's why I
like it like I didn't I I don't really I
know everybody loves like Life of Brian
and and Holy Grail and they're funny but
I kind of like the it's almost like
stream-of-consciousness with variety of
life and some of it I think is really
really funny so that's my favorite movie
of theirs that's a good one it's that
that's their most interesting I think so
yeah it's like visual like cuz their
other ones look so
I mean Holy Grail well I'm sure they
were I'm sure they were but there's like
an ambition to the the visuals and
meaning of life that I really like
agreed and I just think some of the
skits are really really funny like was
that's what it was called yes different
was the movie made of skits yes yep yep
all right Jay you mentioned lenses and
cameras how did you shoot your weddings
back in the day
well does it matter to anything Jay
doesn't need to answer I just need to
read the thing oh well no here's the
important part will you take those
lessons you learned for the upcoming
blanket wedding yes sure that's the
answer
great great I think they were just
digging for dirt right they're like what
can you tell us about what wedding she
shedder that was like a decade ago now
honestly any any Cammeray say that we
used is completely outdated now right it
doesn't matter unless unless you want
are you shooting your movie on mini DV
tape probably you're probably not gonna
want any of that advice all right
it is a time in which we will say the
names of all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream much
like Sean who is subscribed to us for 16
months in a row and Sean says keeping my
subscription for another month because I
need an alibi
hello witnesses to my location it's
funny I get seven of Borgnine says I'm
so glad I can subscribe with twitch
Prime that way I have more money for my
that's the comedy mirror at Yale Maz for
18 months in our rich yeah I'm hungry
and thirsty which way should I go left
great casual horse 14 months in a row
Trent UK has recent which Prime in room
for you guys switch from does not
automatically keep you subscribed so if
you do subscribe to us using twitch
prime hit that subscribe button again it
doesn't cost you a damn penny or
subscribe to someone else it doesn't
need to be as you get a free
subscription every month Moki something
about third box Jack well you got a kill
house okay inert III enjoy paying my
mortgage also know we got new nerd crate
nerd nerd crazy get yes Harry
o box that's what it is geek crate get
it right motherfucker loves our sponsors
are driving over here right now to kick
my ass
also audible everyone does audible
audible and what's the website building
one oh yeah square soft square space
space square space backslash good
colonoscopy that's the only one they
would give that's the only backslash
they would give us mochi b85 Oh 431
fucking months in a row Mokey's is 31
months sub totally worth it just for the
XCOM mochi suicide run fun fun times
afraid hair ashada JRR Lovecraft
bill la eka 431 fucking months in a row
Villa hecka says 31 months I'm trying to
figure out what went wrong with my life
maybe I'll give it a couple more months
thanks Bill and the sea poo MC poo says
Jack beer I really did have a great I
just it's day drinking it's it's hard
work because you have to maintain a
level of drunkenness and once you go up
to the next level
you can't go back down again that's your
call sleep yeah and so you go back up
then you have to stay at that level and
you have to operate a camera it's tricky
business
it's tricky tricky business portal is
poor
Nik and Tim were soaking wet with
different kinds of gears and Nick
doesn't even really like beer he doesn't
drink a lot of beer oh he's like a mixed
drink guy and so it's just like and like
a lot of this is like craft dark syrupy
he's not having a good but we had a lot
of fun
Cerie champion says da almost year to
come is good M see our gamer 1979 creep
mobile 23 fucking months in a row creep
mobile says less than three that's also
a possibly a heart emoji dee dee k FF IV
says my girlfriend just realized
Jack was fuck bought 5,000 and is now
sad why why would that make you stand
who did she think it was an actual robot
did you think it was a big-name actor
doing unknown cameo it was Chris Pratt
he's great time a foam bath
ray says so wait I can pay money to have
my words come out of your mouth I'm time
foam bath ray and this is how I talk
that's actually really creepy no that
was really creepy time foam Bryson 1979
far tickets third a kiss has been a fan
of rlm since Gamestation 2.0 the course
is a class a gateway for a lot of people
I think I love it that that was the
start I guess oh they talk about movies
too I guess many things for the years I
guess they're branching out oh man I
wish wish I wish rich would spend less
time talking about moon would make more
game stations many thanks for you
of insufferable yet amusing
entertainment hawk oopah says hey guys
your streams and the work at our LM are
great and always a lot of fun to watch
please accept this Amazon money as
compensation no we'll take it and it's
free to you it's great quiz Lee you know
what I don't think I do anything with my
Amazon Prime I should subscribe to us to
would that be in poor taste well I don't
think it would really do anything right
no it's no extra money for me like I
don't pay yeah but you pay for Amazon
Prime
yeah but I'm paying for that no matter
what yeah you'd be losing out because
you'd be splitting it with me but I'm
still ahead
oh that's true - yeah quiz quiz Lily
sorry quiz Lily atomic mousetrap count
mipi says whoo six months thanks for the
fun streams you guys have more reviews
planned I'm currently editing one now
and
we'll be out shortly I had to take the
weekend off because I was a Madison's
drinking
Joerg gone nah more Z no trope for 30
fucking months in a row what modifier
does one get for 30 plus months the only
way to find out thanks for the streams
then the next modifier comes at 36 yeah
cuz that would be three years we should
have waited on the 20 24 I would have
happened I was going tens and I thought
tens worked first was 12
was it yeah 12 months is the first one
shit and then we went to 20 I don't know
why she's dumb that's what happened so
now we're waiting 36 for the full yeah
yeah oh we don't know what the fuck
we're gonna do yet it's probably to be a
game day decision will be honest we
don't think about things ahead of time a
lot 6 log good no you know no you know
what it's gonna be what you lose all the
other ones so we no longer say fucking
or anything it's just that it's done
it's done you had your fun he's done
start over now you gotta start over
subscribe for we're 20 more months 6
lugubrious says I enjoy your podcasts
with unrelated game footage keep it up
guys I think that's why a lot of people
GE 6 6 6 6 hometown mark up for 29
fucking months in a row antique whiskey
jelly sickle 101 old handsaw since 6
months and I still find you guys
tolerable huzzah that's all we're asking
that's all we're asking merchant of
cabbage
brontosaurus says our politics replacing
Jack and Rich's friendship cuddle my
bottle no no we're still friends even
though we disagree on things because
that's how adults work and that's how
stuff gets accomplished because will
disagree on stuff and then maybe find a
middle ground
it's crazy hair Tetsu twenty four
fucking months in a row there tats who
says cheers to the new mrs. J s Lincoln
Love Finds away turn into a whole thing
there exposes some ad-libs they're good
they're really okay now they're
expecting like I think the whole thing
and you knew that no II didn't who
edited the episode they're expecting it
because we haven't done a big thing in a
while I'm not saying you need to you
know I don't know credit so I don't know
for people who don't know J Mike have a
nasty habit of leaving my name out of
cracks I know I only appeared it for
five seconds just wondering I'm gonna
guess not but where were we not me
missus I get I get my full frickin name
said so many times rich Evans like not
just rich you get you get credited when
you're not in episode it's true just to
make sure I'm the face of the company
yeah absolutely we're a poke Alex in the
eye says living each minute like it's my
last which is a distinct possibility now
no I'm sorry no step down attack getting
tetanus tetanus yep
cheapo left or I don't know one of the
other numerous ways that someone can die
I mean I guess we're all out of them we
could all die at any moment
Chiba left beer coaster
this toots room be best eight months
Sara Vic says prereq jabe RB snake
prereq j RB snake prereq j RB snake
prereq j RB snakes what I'm sure those
were supposed to be emoticons it did not
translate to this I don't know what RB
snake is that's something and then you
prereq JS your face so some other image
in your face and other they mention your
face
befo Potamus for thirty one fucking
months in a row cube fruity toes for 31
fucking months in a row fruity ptosis
rich is life maiden la tub
dee dee dee de dee da e DD y de dee
stray cat 72 says grab a fencepost hold
it tight whomp your partner with all
your might hit him in the chin hit him
in the head
hit him again that critter ain't dead
skip to the Lou my darlin grab a
fencepost hold the time whomp your
partner with all your mind heat him in
the chin heat him in the head hit him
again that critter ain't dead I like it
I was trying to get the timing of your
rifle get to the Lou my darlin no fear
no Envy for 23 fucking months in a row
says sorry Mike go Falcons sir glacis
death John says I don't catch you alive
very often but I watch almost every
stream later thank you for cheering me
up after every bad day at work you guys
are my I just need to zone out for a few
hours entertainment of choice Thank You
Dez John we appreciate them you know how
to bed work at that bad day at work
today yeah Aaron Rodgers
a very bad day at work try there were
parts of the game where it felt like he
was gonna just say fuck it I'm gonna do
everything myself
there's no one catching or was he thrown
like shit cuz he's he sometimes throws
like shit everything else seemed like no
one was open yeah as ex excellent burned
the sick burn
alright sky dandy for 28 fucking months
in a row the sue abides Theodore J
hooker 29 fucking months in a row
nasty flat 17 months in a row I forgot
when we started the fucking phlearn dip
Timothy Yeager says four months meat
xxxx devastators says please play more
terrible video games like the seventh
best that was a fun stream that was a
fun stream except for everyone who said
it was the worst remember J three nine
five zekiel jeans says I'm too lazy to
get up in pee it hurts
hey J pimps all says with Colleen
watching the screen with Colleen
watching that stream not the Trump kind
what oh he likes watching ladies pee
meda meda not not aj pimps all about Roy
meadow van you made it out sound awful
lot like a J pimp saw was one who liked
watching P well he was no AJ pimp saw is
saying he's watching this dream not the
kind of stream that Donald Trump likes a
walk
I'm killing works no matter the
constraint had a medival van says hey
don't forget to buy eggs or to watch
movie thank you for subscribing you I've
officially made me lose my voice for the
night oh my god yeah it's gone yep we
really appreciate it
each and every one of you thank you so
much for coming out sorry that jalopy
was so boring hopefully some space
marine made up for it surprised a visit
this is it's like Christmas space chute
blowing up orcs do you fight anything
else yes eventually okay last third of
the game you fight entirely different
things okay I'm not saying the orchestra
baggage is the very same all right well
we're gonna wear yeah if we can get rich
just to pause the game for a second we
could slap the stream you have to stop
killing works just prove like ten
seconds ten seconds if you can do ten
seconds tap it eight thousand nine
