Episode 033
Masters of Vakyria
February 15, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2igKSbl3sFk
___________________________________________

or even honestly I don't think I've seen
this you know you came in while I was
banging you go alright alright so while
we wait for Valkyria chronicles to
download because rich forgot to download
it oh also turn down the distant well
then or just turn go to options in-game
okay how's everyone doing hello should I
continue or should I start I have no
idea what's going on there's no game
start new game sure yeah yeah look this
is not Valkyria chronicles its
downloading its downloading we'll get to
it it's downloading rich didn't download
it we could do more than one game a
night and and I said hey there's this
game that you you thought looked pretty
neat before you know when I was playing
before so stealthy stole that stealth
yourself and after the last week it was
already a protest or is it still
considered whining oh don't worry about
guys um hi hi everybody hi put me
personally I love you guys thanks
hopefully everyone saw the new nerd crew
new nerd guru podcast pretty good stuff
I don't know if I have rich heavier plug
the Wayne's World Games no there are
guards in those rooms oh hi everybody hi
this looks like a rich game no this is a
Jacke game I get in with elements of
rich game because you're a sneaky spy
and rich love being a sneaky spy
yeah guys were to go all the way to the
end no yep he does let's let's give
politics a break today
looks like a bitching about my calling
the protesters whiners is that it the
protests that accomplished nothing
besides making the people you need to
win over think you're a butter whiner
we can all disagree on what it
accomplished but let's not talk about is
how I started that sentence to defend my
position sure and we're done talking
about yes great everyone what's the
premise of this game you're a sneaky spy
and you have to get if you see right
below that door there's like a little
flashing keep on you need to get the key
card to get out of the level and that's
it and that's it
and so rich is being a sneaky spy and
that's it yes let's all listen to Jack
because Jack is very smart
we're just gonna play a little bit of
this as we wait for Valkyrie Chronicles
Oh dogs can smell you by the way did you
guys hear that large dog yes yes I know
rich is very excited about Valkyrie
Chronicle Chronicles my volume is too
low then I will just I'll just move my
mic closer because I don't want to go
all the way over to the zoom it's way
over there then I have to get up and
that's no fun so I'll just move it
closer to me so when you're out of cloak
you can you know jump or move faster is
the real thing
yes this is Harry Potter's invisibility
cloak
pretty fancy technology stuff I also
love that you can just kind of see his
little spy head on the top of it all
right let's see here sanik ACK says rich
Evans the nerd crew episode 2 was one of
the funniest to rlm pieces in the last
15 years it was pretty damn good what
does it feel like to be the new rlm the
leading man I don't know that I've kind
of always been the Earl I'm leading man
and that's really sad like that's really
really sad yeah you you know that's
that's your job
we we got a little sneak peek at the
nerd crew podcast before it went up and
man the room was ablaze with laughter
it was great Jay I thought Jay looked
hilarious him in that hat with it with
his big fake glasses yeah that was
hilarious
nice the guards could only the stationed
guards can only see when you're in the
like directly on top of them pretty much
pretty much I don't know rich were you
were you actually gagging yes that's the
grossest such as life flashed nerd jay
is best of Jay I think I know the end of
the snow rich did not know what was
inside nope
the heat crater or nerd box which is
what made it so fun
rich does written you know what rich you
suffer for your art do you know that I
do know that
Oh close
jaqen rich please talk about Western or
the musical well it's not what do you
want to know about it it's not Western
or the musical it's the Western or
musical the fucking musical about rocks
and I can tell you the premise of that
is for the 48 hour film festival if they
got the category Western or musical and
so they did the Western oh shit or
musical you might be able to like if you
fall again you might be able to jump up
the left side
I can tell you is it was it was funny it
was a big pain but making all those
songs but everyone had a good time
Oh way on the end gotcha nice nice catch
Gavin everyone in chat is only showing
up twice for you I don't see them
showing up twice nope
yeah for the for one song rich rich sang
so poorly that I just decided to dub him
over with my singing voice because that
was my only choice they for every other
one I I kind of like tried my best to
cut the the video segments to two there
at natural voice but like when they were
singing they didn't sing to a metronome
or anything which is pretty horrible
Oh boom so it was pretty horrible but it
was it was a fun experience I like the
48 hour film festivals it's great a
great excuse to make some shit great
excuse to make stuff
well brontosaurus I'm sorry Jase not
here tonight and sometimes Jays here and
sometimes Jay is not here it is fun when
J is here but I'd like to think that
it's also fun when Jay is not here as
long as we don't constantly talk about
where J is that's when it gets a little
annoying for everyone who's like I have
not seen either lala land orb the
bye-bye man I do want to see lala land
though never remember murmur
oh and the arrival was really yes the
arrival not via arrivals just just
called arrival arrival has been
re-released in theatres because of all
of the Oscar buzz so if you did not get
a chance to see a rival make sure you
see it in theaters it's a great movie
rich what arrivals come to theaters
again just heads up you should go see a
rival because it's a rival it's great
everyone loves a rival even though Amy
Adams did not get an Oscar nomination
which is funny it's fine I guess but I
thought she was really good in it what
can you do what can you do me nothing I
can literally do nothing if you won't
get an award that will do nothing to
change your life know her her
association of the movies she's been in
my change hers a little bit I don't
think so she already gets a ton of roles
it's not gonna change her life like a
guaranteed minimum a lot of money you
pay an Oscar winning after her actress
but she's already in a SAG thing I know
she's already know I don't think it's a
SAG thing I think that's set by the
person or their manager okay so
what
I could not have pestered my cousin to
vote for Amy Adams because my cousin is
a director so he can only vote for Best
Director I have some actor friends in
the guild and I don't know who they
voted for but that's just a couple of
oats it really wouldn't matter it really
would not have mattered
arrival gave me small hope that Blade
Runner 2 might not be complete trash
yeah yeah yeah does that have voting
works to my knowledge that is how voting
works for the Oscars if you are in the
directors guild you vote for Best
Director if you're in the actors guild
you vote for our actors producers
editors etc so you only vote for your
field
I think only category everyone votes in
this Best Picture that's possible
easy huh or is it Oh easy huh
nice rich
what
he's just a giant voting is just a giant
ad campaign well it really is like they
vote you know like there are there are
huge like billboards and press things
for like voting for Oscars like please
tell y'all consideration this smoothie
it's it's a whole other industry because
getting Oscar nods means that maybe your
movie can be shown in more theaters and
it's a little more pressed buzz I also
like the music in this game
wicked Scotty
it's great
cabron 3 says when you guys do Star Trek
and Star Wars videos and you have all
that merch is that bought just for the
video or is Mike a hoarding manchild in
secret no every time we film a Star Wars
video we throw out all of the old merch
and then we buy new merch for the next
time and you know the funny thing is we
we don't have a P o box that people send
us stuff - yeah lot lot of that is sent
here to be fair oh yeah to be fair
though having said that when we made the
first nerd for video I was I was
basically handed $300 and told to go all
of the Star Wars merchandise I could
find well I think the question was like
like after you use it in the videos do
you take it home no it stays here I you
know what I took home a little mini TIE
fighter
oh did you because it was a neat little
mini TIE fighter so I got that on my
desk so you saw wise you stole you stole
stolen okay
yeah I think I think most of it stays
here to be used in later videos as props
but uh I was checking out all that crap
embarrassing a guy a guy in front of me
in lines like slow observing a Star Wars
party someone's having a Star Wars party
yeah yeah yeah thank you kind of we're
kind of a mellow about the whole Star
Wars thing it's for video making fun of
people who would have a Star Wars party
it's not my kid it's for my kids yep and
my kids
rich yeah really excited you're trying
out Valkyrie yes i'll kiria Valkyria my
favorite ps3 exclusive hope you enjoy
but it's cool if you don't it's kind of
like XCOM with anime I played it a
little bit the other night I wanted to
be a little bit familiar for diving
right into it yeah how come I could do
this before I get this key card you
couldn't or you can't good
no I can't I don't know I don't know me
in I don't know you know if you want to
go over to Valkyr it's probably
downloaded oh not this little area yeah
you want to try to beat the level at
least yeah how much was that camera that
rich almost smashed worth a lot with all
the lenses and stuff oh yeah that would
have been that would have been a
difficult to replace
we'll practice this of course that time
it's perfect yep death count Nyko says
hey Jack enriched a long time lurker
first time tipper rich what is your
favorite interpolation of quantum
mechanics Copenhagen or are you a
multiple worlds man best wishes from
Germany I will say I don't know that
much about the quantum mechanics okay I
appreciate physics
I think III I love astronomy I
absolutely love astronomy and while I
appreciate physics quantum mechanics is
above my fucking head right the theory
of anything's possible so everything's
possible is kind of was that what was
that me yeah what was that rich
let God says I worked at Hasbro during
rogue one toy design thanks for spending
those three hundred dollars to support
my friends and coworkers
that's right rich you help welcome you
helped American jobs good old-fashioned
American jobs in the toy building
industry all right I got in nice
yeah Bab was so fucking dumb I've had a
$1,000 lens destroyed filming BMX stuff
yeah
sorry that happens that just happens
sometimes it's the that's the cost you
pay that's the cost you pay that's the
price you pay is the more accurate way
to say then I always always get a little
protector protection if you can you can
buy like you can buy a piece of
Plexiglas at Home Depot for like 10
bucks just put that right in front of
your camera if you have any weird shoots
that you think might go haywire or might
get wet or might get muddy a little
piece of Plexiglas can go a long way
nope
nurp should come out with a camera line
have you seen the new GoPros you go
GoPros are pretty impressive
the problem with filming BMX is it's
almost 100% follow fisheye so the camera
is always always close to danger
oh sorry sorry man yeah then you just
got a GoPro but I know everyone does the
GoPro right Oh
I thought you had a barrage
I have not tried let it die yet but I'm
just right in the mix I'm looking into
it it looks good well at a time that is
the suit of 51 oh yeah I forgot about
three to play I clean forgot about that
I did darksouls somebody in the chat
mentioned ID we just took a look at it
before the screen I was a shadow shadow
tactics shadow tactics yeah it's fucking
amazing yeah that was they they they
they gave that just for you like rich
will love this
I'll try but I don't know who that is so
if it's a known content thief there's I
don't know if there's a lot we can do
about it what happened I was just asking
if you like if you anything was being
done about known content thief insert
content thief's name here every time I
watch our alum stuff they are
recommended to me would this be that
film gob yeah
what is hey I don't know much as you see
it I've seen them you seen them and what
is it they do mashups of our stuff with
other people they'd actually with the
nerd crew they did a mash-up of us and
Collider
that's not content I know that's a whole
different thing as long as they don't
straight like they they are using
they're literally using the material
remix in it to make a point a lot like
what our home touch right yeah you can
go actually where the were the triangles
meets and they won't catch it really
yeah oh how come I can't stand on the
edge of this one well one that one
oh well no the guard Caillou
know what to the very edge of the listen
I don't know how it works so you say I
can stand between them clothed or
unclothed yes I yes
I don't believe that I'm not taking a
stance in this issue just want to tell
joke without further ado a fair use ya
know like I I saw I saw that
why would I assume that would be the
case oh wait oh it's just motion their
motion detector oh that's what it is
well there you go their motion detectors
so yeah like if that's what the film gob
does if he matches up our LM stuff with
other stuff there's I don't think
there's a problem as long as he doesn't
just straight-up steal a chunk of thing
oh yeah some of them are hard to see
EPIK Jason X 9000 says I was looking at
a future movie releases the other day
and I found out that Hollywood is making
four completely different Robin Hood
adaptations yeah you think it's time you
think it's time for more Robin Hood it's
been a while what was the last was the
last one Prince of Thieves might know
wasn't they just did a Russell Crowe
yeah yeah now went over like gangbusters
that was not easy
you overall they don't oh you just stay
between their hey yeah that was Ridley
Scott right
Ridley Scott takes out a Robin Hood for
the last time
has anyone ever given a fuck about Robin
Hood
it all Flynn yep there you go
also that Disney one was all right like
with the Fox and stuff it was alright no
worth it yeah yeah oh gotta be quick
can we quick now Brooks made a decent
one that's right and Robin Hood been in
tight really I think there was Mel
Brooks in the dance and a slope and not
as down as some of his other movies not
saying it's his greatest movie I would
put it up there as a good Mel Brooks I'd
count it count it as a good Mel Brooks
oh man having
I could watch minute I said anything I
like it I'll put that up as a good mom I
think I didn't care for that one or dead
loving it
oh god didn't loving it was awful
Dracula didn't loving it starring Leslie
Nielsen horrible showing for both both
comedians comedians man I thought Robin
Hood men in tights had some good points
Carrie L use is basically modern-day
Errol Flynn yeah he looks at the par to
some good jokes oughta get quality gags
Dave Chappelle
yeah some fine stuff some fine stuff
let's see here
loner our John says how much did that
ray action figure cost either defiling
it I didn't I didn't buy that one I
didn't know but Mike bought all the
stuff that went my nerd boxes I had no
idea what was in the nerd boxes I know
you love that ray doll I showed it to
you before you saw the nerd group that's
drew do you like Jackie got a rich is so
happy about that ray doll
will we be selling it during the next
eBay auction probably not that one that
one stays here no one stays here it's my
favorite thing but nobody goes shit I
think we might auction it oh you have a
voice rich you can make sure it's not
auctioned gahafer Jack no I still have
not seen Noah and I really want to but I
have not but I really want to and now
and now as of this very moment I now
have three projects that I'm editing and
so it's it's probably just not gonna
happen anytime soon unless I can
convince Lisa to watch it with me and I
don't think she wants to yourself
unfortunately okay well I'm sure
Valkyria is done let's see here Humberto
cabbage patch says loved the nerd crew
video did Mike find the Rey action
figure like that or did he alter it
oh he altered himself yeah yeah he
definitely altered it himself early
super bowl stream next week maybe you
think Jack what do you think what should
we do a European stream it's Super Bowl
oh well you want to watch the Super Bowl
because I you know I don't give a shit
about stable so
if your but our viewers might our
viewers mind
um what's superbowl usually that's an
afternoon isn't it six evening are these
motion sensors I think those are just
lasers yeah all right curium great oh
yeah change the thing over here move
game sucks game Valkyria nope that's
nice spell that that's not how you spell
that at all rich is that it
nope what is that white that's it
Valkyria chronicles there's a lie in
there VA l KY rai a master of the
Valkyria updated we are ready to go
don't forget to update oops
so doesn't say master spy shit yeah
shit yeah
so I guess I'm gonna say 70% chance of
early stream Super Bowl Sunday okay 70%
chance I would I like the idea of a
narrow stream and obviously I don't care
about sports so yeah what happened did
me small I can't tell if that is what
science appropriately that's fine it's
fine you know what it's fine what should
we do is Super Bowl Sunday I don't know
last time we did sports games that's
true that's true that and that was kind
of fun we could find some sports games
we'll see 70% 75% chance I had just
bumped it up a little bit I'm Americo
Cabbage Patch play pokemon rich can
continue his epic we can we find that
save I don't know we played that we
didn't play that on my computer what do
we play that on yours your old one your
laptop your is it on your your laptop I
don't remember I don't remember how we
played Pokemon we got to find that safe
okay could always do more rocket League
oh man I could do more rocket League any
time I fuckin love rocket League I
fucking love it
Hey Valkyria Chronicles
what we're gonna hurts this is TV
getting 60 60 yep you can go up to 60
great that's good
great great everything's great
everything great Sara Chen says hi jack
how's Pokemon
I've been going backwards son why oh my
god Ruby starting and starting white
soon the further I go the more jarring
it feels since son was my first ever
what's your favorite old Pokemon game I
honestly have not played a Pokemon game
since I played Pokemon moving on stream
because I I'm just not liking Pokemon
moon or Pokemon why it's tragic you've
got like 80 older Pokemon game can you
play exactly it sucks that you don't
have that that that two more or really
one more one and a half more because of
the same game would like a slightly
different roster oh the wine moon are
completely different a completely
different game so so I have not been
playing the Pokemon games because I just
I just don't care for them as much I can
tell you my eight-year-old who's been
making his way through pokemon emerald
just this morning finally beat the Elite
Four and the end boss after the Elite
Four
mm-hm and I can't I came down you know
usually like on the weekends like we'll
let him go downstairs and just hang out
and play video games or watch TV or do
whatever until you know so it gives us
like an extra half hour sleep yeah and I
come downstairs and he was beaming just
I did it I'm the champion of the region
and I'm like yeah yeah yeah he was super
excited just super excited to play the
game and we and beat the game cuz he's
been he's been struggling with the Elite
Four for a while now so yeah so he was
super excited about that now he's really
excited about going through all of the
the new region that's unlocked
shows another region after you beat the
game huh that's nice
there's there's a whole set a new
Pokemon defined and a whole nother
region to explore after you beat the the
main story so I was I'm pretty happy
with that
look just because I hate a lot of anime
tropes doesn't mean I hate anime as an
art style I don't think you understand
that what was that game we're looking at
we saw an ad for it on Steam before we
started we're looking at like what were
the new games what was it called
okay so there were two of them uh-huh
one was literally called panty party
this is what I don't like about anime
that has nothing to do with the art
style itself I well and the other one
was um what was the other one go to the
store you're right there right there
okay go to the store and just go down oh
yeah we were looking at shadow tactics
featured featured yeah go down to the
new ones because this is the important
part this is why love ribbon Oh God
so now just no no God don't go to the
store page Jesus Christ don't go to the
store page okay so here is the synopsis
for love Riven love ribbon is a Yuri
girl girl visual novel about forbidden
love between two sisters and this is why
rich Evans is correct about all anime
crap we have to maintain our twitch
channel I'm actually afraid to watch the
advertisement but look is very afraid to
watch that ad move it look at this this
is this shit panda bars shit get the
French out of clothes shit right no look
at look at the other one Sakura agent
nudity adventure casual indeed all the
anime things with the naked girls just
watch pornography man
why are you gotta go to that they have a
whole thing of pornography crazy it's
literally everything that's that's weird
about anime right there are the top
three new games on Steam
popular new releases yep yep those were
in popular new releases hello the master
you fuck as well Travis Travis touchdown
is the pinnacle of America right Travis
touchdown is a parody he's a person who
likes anime can try and he's kind of
just a disgusting pink in the east
Travis touchdowns is sad tired I know it
should be streamed Super Bowl Sunday
that's right we won't get popped we
won't get caught playing panty party on
Super Bowl Sunday because all of the
twitch mods will be watching the Super
Bowl that's when we can that's when we
can get a get away with it right perfect
I love it
cut print
with its vast military superiority
struck hard gaining ground in early
victories all right what do we got here
an anonymous says you know how rich says
video games want to be art so they get
all sad to meet that end it's not just
games Manchester by the sea is an
endurance test of human misery skip it
hidden figures instead hear really good
things about him I'm not I'm not big on
bio things usually it's entirely real
people avalanche
based on real people who did not get the
credit they deserved in the early days
of NASA as it was yep racially divided
times but yeah here it's a very good
movie I'm not in the bio fix button what
do I think of this or the story in this
I haven't really gotten very far into
this at all I've seen it a little bit
just to get a feel for the game flow
before we started rather than trying to
learn everything during a straight
involve having a chat mmm seemed um I
played a little bit of this first yep
probably about an hour in and the love
stories about a subtle is a sledgehammer
but there's nothing another thing I find
awful just yet
that's right when did when did when did
buy op exchange into biopics I think
it's it's like Tomatoes biopic - I've
never heard of called bioptics I've
heard that sounds like some kind of a
name that Ben Franklin discarded for the
bifocals I've heard that before I think
it's tomato tomahto you can call it a
biopic or a biopic I like biopic because
yeah when you say biopic you think of
laser eye surgery yeah yeah
I've only ever heard biopic yeah yeah
breathe put your hands in here just hit
buttons to continue the talking you're
gonna you're gonna leave me with the
cutscene yeah yeah haven't seen you
around before what the French what's
your name my name's Welkin and you are
the one with the gun
we're with the Brule Town watch rich
rich leaves me with the cutscene I'm
wondering what you've been writing in
that little book you've got there
Imperial spies are in the area nothing
really
I was just sketching the fish and death
you know yes oh I know and you know
there's a war on don't you know I hate
it rich doesn't give a freaking heck no
he does not
they're arresting him for drawn fish
what the truck man
he just was
okay a new episode has been out of great
no can do that I have to I have to view
the episode son son of a son of a birch
tree really very good thank you
so you see I really was just sketching
maybe or this could be some kind of
secret code this is my time finding out
for sure great I I feel I feel like like
taking advantage of your timing is
perfect
wait don't you live at the old generals
house that's right I'm general Gunther
stop the sauna you do know everyone's
supposed to evacuate right yes I'm aware
of that my brother's here to help me
move to the capital
the game is me but there are like three
cutscenes for every time you actually
get to play it rich is using me as a
cutscene mule just making me check
through these cutscenes so he can play
the game I was just doing my job you
know I saw you with the notebook and
thought you were a spy I'm not your damn
cutscene mule rich oh Jesus Christ
guilty as charged I'm so into it
sometimes I forget where I am you know
it's just when it's we're not gonna call
this - Jesus Christ shut up already
because rich didn't get to play a little
bit and seem to like it but yeah you
know we do get a lot of a lot of
requests as far as like no this is the
one anime thing so yeah it's just it's
just you know sometimes we take chats
suggestions and sometimes we don't and
yeah sometimes we like it sometimes you
don't rich likes this well it's it's so
far what I played it's not a terrible
turn-based strategy game ya got none
that eggs come but
okay oh is this a game now um maybe flee
okay
this is fun
that's one okay here's the plan
okay here's the plan leftover beefcake
is voting for panty party first they are
like this game you might actually like
Final Fantasy Tactics he could I could
see that oh that's what everyone says
everyone says that Final Fantasy Tactics
is the yc3
you know what I want to find I want to
find the ps2 alien versus Predator
versus Space Marine game yeah it's a
it's a I think I have that one on PC
that made the minion
several of them it's the realtime
strategy game real thing Oh strategy
it's a real-time I don't have that one
alien versus Predator versus face Marin
game weird yeah I remember playing it
back in the day and it's really fun to
play as the alien building nests having
all your little babies come on the tag
yeah what's it called
I think it's oh maybe it's just a lien
versus Predator the strategy game it is
on PC fuck yeah love that game it
probably sucks in hindsight it you know
look here's the map and I pick a
character and I move the character and
we we the shoot of things yeah these are
all things I could appreciate great
great it's fun to shoot a things the
alien versus Predator extinction people
are saying it all right there's one
thing I'm not particularly fond of okay
alright that yeah still counts as me
being in cover if I get shot at really
yeah
just because you're by covers I'm by
cover other than that that's a bit weird
so wait it doesn't matter which side of
the cover you're right oh well they
can't take that everyone gets free
overwatch shots okay so if he were
facing me I would have been like shot at
the whole the whole run like up here
okay but so there's flaking in the sense
that if you get around behind them they
can't take overwatch shots at you as you
approach them alright
other than that this is I'm fully
uncovered right now facing him on the
other side of the cover interest yeah
great wrench yeah did you see the new
art of Big Trouble in Little China book
that was Justin out no I did not know
you're a fan maybe something interested
in that could be a nice coffee table
book the arch maybe
about using cover this is a bag of sand
Crouch will appear press a to take cover
behind them whilst holding cover units
will be harder to target take less
damage and immune to headshots or and
critical damage meanwhile eunuch above
doing so will be good see you see how he
was shooting at me yeah because I use
face me alright he gets just gets keep
shooting but if I go behind a meter okay
but yeah I'm not saying I like this more
than XCOM and covers a large part of
that yeah well then it's also not
grid-based right he's free moving and do
you aim your shots which is very
interesting deal with that but a head
shots are still a thing yeah head shots
are stores that great though that big
circle like I could have missed all
those ok I'm with you I'm with him so
you're behind cover so he's not shooting
you yeah
I'm crouched well I'm I'm crouched near
cover so but if you jumped over that he
would chew it yeah well if I jumped over
that he would I would be I would get the
cover defense bonuses okay even if I
were on the other side wall hmm I'm just
flaking doesn't count
when it comes to cover is what I'm
saying okay flanking pounce when it
comes to not getting overwatch shots
shot oh okay I'm with you I think I'm
with do you want to approach them from
behind if you can but in cover I could
be on any side of these sandbags and as
far as him shooting on me it doesn't
make a better soon okay yeah this guy
this guy went from drawing fish to
full-on murder hey you know what it's
war man it's war its war of middle
flipper
okay my turn okay
gray hey Jack from anonymous you might
like the superhero audio book of the
worm it's about a dumb team who fancies
herself a superhero but joins a gang of
super villains
fun powers but sometimes too much dumb
team drama is it only an audiobook or is
it a regular book as well question for
anyone who has read the worm is it also
a regular book I like audio books but I
don't often get to listen to them kind
of war action it only sends like six
troops have have you not seen Saving
Private Ryan also right right also this
is an ambush and this is what these are
Scouts yeah do you how about how about
you deal with it because this is also
the tutorial level of an anime video
game so they knew that this was the
tour's it was like we're not gonna send
everyone just a Jimmy Jimmy Stewart and
and Francis can you just go it's a
tutorial level you're ready to die
anyway it's also a web never turn from
it okay thank you penny but I like stuff
like that
say hm speaking of which Jack did you
ever take a look at marine was their
last studio ghibli film I have it I have
it now I will take a look I haven't seen
it yet mostly just because I haven't
been able to watch anything yet we had a
little TV time over the weekend and Lisa
and I decided to start rewatching season
1 of the expanse as season 2 is starting
soon and we're super hyped about more
expansive news did you want any of these
pants yep so fucking doing so fucking
good I know I should yep good sci-fi
you know suppose first Connor goes I'm
fine with this this is okay yeah this is
okay well that's great rich you do need
to watch a Mario Mario it's it's the MRI
morale the what what I need to watch
marrow a mumble mumble the expanse sense
okay and Mario Mario needs to also watch
the expanse some of the acting's not the
greatest and some of it's a little
cheesy but the story is enough to suck
you and you know there's a little bit of
a mystery a little bit of a political
intrigue really fun characters good
sci-fi do you have Amazon Prime yes if
you have Amazon Prime you can watch the
first season for free hey front of our
Amazon Prime twitch subscribers you can
watch the expands for free you know what
this is
cross the branding cross break Karen
wants to watch oh yeah what's that first
and then but then after down with that
little sigh fuck it is the gayest thing
including being married to a man and
having children including being married
oh man yeah hammering it off and he
seems like he's having a great time
oh good good oh I know Thomas James hair
who's a little nuts in the toilet are
you ready for a love story that just
hits you over the head with a hammer
with it subtleness let's do it
Thomas James hairdo yeah yeah Thomas
James hairdo is a little bit much in the
expanse but it's you know the future and
they're in space there's no other sign
of the enemy we're gonna deal with it no
stop alert yes we're still we going
what should we do with the bodies ma'am
we'll bury them it's my whole thing
programs because Neil Patrick Harris is
playing Count Olaf yeah and the series
of unfortunate events he's the villain
I'll do it even going to war I'll do it
what are those seeds from the lion's paw
it blooms white okay so Chad is Foles
full-blown stop actually a whole all
laptop is down my enjoying a series of
apartments it's enjoyable it's not my
favorite thing ever
yeah suddenly more of Karen's alley that
was the Jim Carrey role from the sexiest
oh I'm sure it's I've heard I've heard
good things what followed would prove
that a tiny nation could best a military
giant these events would tell this game
needs more panties and tentacles I was
just thinking like you know this love
story is alright but what if it was
between two sisters would that make it
better
those who fought discount jon Hamm's you
mean Patrick Warburton Patrick Patrick
Warburton is playing Lemony Snicket yeah
he's not but Patrick Warburton is not
the discount Jon Hamm he was Jon Hamm
before Jon Hamm existed yes
so someone said discount Jon Hamm
that's it come on settle settle right
the F down
Jack this role-playing game or instead
of playing a role you watch things
unfold and don't actually play the role
a TV watching game this is immersive how
do you
this is immersive how do you describe
this kind of crap where you just watch
shit
for a half-hour before you get to play
me that's called modern gaming right
right only a modern gaming you hold
forward on the stick while this is going
on yeah because that's immersive
here I'm gonna pretend this is a naughty
dog game it's the best game that body
dog has ever made this is so immersive
great alright okay at least it wasn't
that long oh wait there's another one
how's the packing coming along East calm
your tits I will not call mightest
mr.smile rich you take you want to calm
him let's hit the road by sundown
nope great I said that the Karen one day
that I walk after that I walked up to it
I did this I said look at these things
did she / you she laughs OH
Oh welcome back well jeez you need to be
oh I can't have a beer I've been I've
had a very long day I'm 2010 if I have a
beer I will go straight to bed I just on
this couch I will just sleep for the
rest of this dream and I'll start
snoring yeah so I can I cannot have a
beard i black would like I would like a
beer the little spud I should know
I've already had four of them okay great
gate for Jax is rich you may enjoy
advanced Wars and Fire Emblem they're
top-down turn-based tactics game add
that to the Jesus Christ shut up already
lists has it ever gone well Jesus clay
shut up already
what brings you here has it ever gone
well technically speaking the dawn of
war game led to Space Marine really fair
point for me like okay we'll play some
Donnell war games oh yeah Space Marine
is super fun right so there's always a
possibility that you know what and I the
7th guest I did not while I did not have
fun playing it it was a fun stream yeah
there was a lot of craziness happening
there so I defend that do you want to
come in seventh guess was highest viewed
stream ever oh really
really dr. Swain I said seventh guess
was enlightening I now understand which
way I should go now we had freaking
edmund mcmillen
on our stream and you're gonna tell me
that the 7th guest was our highest
viewed stream we had we had like a
two-hour interview conversation with
someone who actually develops games but
it's the 7th it was me trying to figure
out that stupid word puzzle with the
word I've never
I think that was fun the 70s was a was a
fun stream even though is this some sort
of green or something this is a JRPG hey
mist is this some sort of game where you
never actually take on a role you just
watch the characters do the things well
what can we call a role-playing game in
which you don't take on a role a junior
RPG I was born you had it on and either
of you barely talked about the game yeah
you know what that's true that's true we
but you know what we got to talk about
movies and Edmund is a pretty big fan of
bad movies and that's what we were
talking about he had some great stories
though about him being a designer and
remember he was talking about like you
know working for Troma and having to lie
and like working for t-shirts that's fun
and now we had to stop working on braids
because you know they were they didn't
have any money for that's that's fun
stories I could have we could have done
that a formal interview but instead we
chose to be his friend we wanted we
wanted to have a casual conversation
Jack Hoffa rich we are not playing a
role playing game this is a role
watching game I love it rwg role
watching game I love it jack off I hope
you invented that because it's great and
we're making jokes because we do jokes
which what we try to tell jokes on the
joke the stream full of jokes well for
the record I've enjoyed this game as
much as I've played it yeah for the
record right it doesn't mean you can't
tease it which you've said many times
yeah they don't get that yes I see that
as pure hate
oh yeah yeah really the time I've got to
get going
jokes jokes I know why don't you see
you're off whelks I can take care of the
rest of this on my own you know what van
drebbel a desk errs on the laptop and
then every once in a while I'll put it
up to the camera so you can see my desk
first game all rich plays this because I
know you guys had an equally good time
when I was playing justice I don't give
a fuck though because I love whiskers
what were you playing when I just busted
out FTL on the laptop Jesus Christ play
Final Fantasy taxes now that's on the
list that's on the list this one's going
on for a long time yes I know anonymous
says Jesus Christ dream of Raymond will
be a smashing success you guys will love
it and you could make it
three people can play it then you
actually already like Raymond I have
said this many many times Rayman Origins
is is a super amazing modern platform
really it's fun
it's it has challenging levels it has
lighthearted levels the controls work
great it's super great to play with your
kid because there's a little mode where
they can just kind of hop over stuff
while Rayman Origins is a fantastic game
you put I ask and I recommend anyone
play it but it's just a tie and I will
never be playing Final Fantasy anything
because I got really irritated by the
Final Fantasy fans yeah it's never going
to happen
you could stop not gonna happen
we I just I just I just want this to end
I just want this part and I know here we
go I've done the melee tactics game that
was the banner saga and I didn't like it
yeah here we go
hey games happening James happened to
wake up everyone wake up here we go
everything's great
infinite dices hey Jack hey rich first
time ticking and one of the few times
I'm able to watch lines well welcome
infinite dodging any favorite George
Carlin bits any favorite George Holland
bits
I don't know that I can I don't know
that I can narrow it down to an
individual bit I really don't I like I
like his uh his crap versus stuff
segment yeah yeah it's your stuff but it
but it's other people's crap his prayers
get answered roughly the same rate
either praying to God or Joe Pesci that
I forget the name of the specific
special the one the one where he really
started developing as older man personal
no like later day George Carlin when he
first started wearing black none when he
started getting really bitter and grumpy
what was that what was that first
special one called
oh that's a favorite special of mine oh
okay
I don't remember what it was called
those and complaints and grievances that
it was before that I think was you are
all diseased
I think I'm fond of you are all diseased
I don't know that this is quite sound
too grumpy Carlin was like a fine wine
he just got better the older he got good
old George John that's true that is true
good old George Carlin let's see here
doobie sandwiches hey Ricardo sorry to
interrupt your story watching simulator
but what made Space Marine draw you in
compared to similar games you hated like
Gears of War and despite not being
Warhammer that okay I don't hate Gears
of War right I never said I hated it we
didn't much care for years of waiting
here's four here's four was boring I'm
gonna take gears leg to over gears for
any day of the fucking week oh yeah when
when when specifically comparing gears
to Space Marine though Space Marine is a
very offensive fucking game okay it's
got the doom mentality were if you need
help you gotta go in there and kill
something to get that home okay all
right you're not hiding behind cover
dears is a very defensive game where you
spend a large amount of time
back behind covering you pop up every
now and then it's not terrible I really
honestly don't hate gears right but
Warhammer just get in there your fucking
chainsaw that is fun okay that is fun I
think that is a very specific comparison
got a very fair one but yeah everyone
please remember both rich and I like the
first years war game we just did not
like the second one oh yeah and I don't
love them I could tell you I never
bothered to play first I own it I never
got around to it
so I'm not in love with the series but
I've never hated gear it's just the
Gears of War for which neither of us
there's a 4/4 is like boring those
weren't that robot faction is awful
right I want to punch the main character
in the fucking face mm-hmm yeah great
great no that was good that was good
that was concise yeah like the running
gun Jack I like the running gun yeah hey
Jenna can play overwatch during the new
event I like the the new event or I I
have I have not booted it up since the
new event at some of the skins look fun
so I'm hoping to play and get some boxes
and stuff button you want me to play
live again maybe maybe I'll pull up
we'll play live again we can play with
everyone play the second half of Space
Marine I've played it all the way
through like probably you know I played
a couple times when I first came out so
probably all said and done I've played
through Space Marine four times yeah
I don't know what your point is it gets
a lot more difficult I think that might
end stream okay okay you've only
streamed like the first yeah yeah yeah
news in LA as in yada looks really cool
in the
overwatch Chinese New Year event so
we'll see we'll see if I can get some
mute boxes get some skins will I ever
play the original quake I'm not saying
I'll never play the original quake but
I'm probably far more likely to stream
either quake 2 or 4 mm-hm
because I like space jack I know you
like face that's why I keep recommending
space stuff like a rival and the expanse
this is this is tough times here I just
want everyone to know that I'm with you
I see all of your comments about
cutscenes Rich's not a cut scape t
scheme skipper but this is the games
plan and we just need to stay strong
you're gonna recommend the game this is
part of the fucking game and I need you
I need you to know something like you
can tell the game is so close look
there's a map there I can see the map
and it's like it's right around the
corner it has to be it has to be I
believe in this game I know a rival
isn't in space but it's about fucking
space get it together tiny turnip it's
not it's just space to my space stuff
and rich like space stuff
rich you like space stuff you like
aliens and shit stuff that's in space
not necessarily set in space but about
space oh there we go oh it's happening
the game is happening oh fuck that was
great he's attacking enemies this is
great it's great mega punch him rich you
know it all that means great like I said
I played through this I have an idea
what was going on great before oh oh he
missed almost every shot oh you jerk
every shot alright renegade Akira
stepping away from the anime bashing for
a bit rich what's your opinion on todd
mcfarlane
hack yes yeah yeah hack what did you
think about his run spider-man and it's
working general honestly is run on
spider-man ugly he's so fucking
overrated as an artist I don't even like
the big goofy eyes which is his calling
card to fame he gave spider-man the big
goofy eyes I fart before your classic
John Romita senior with a small eyes
with the light area of black I could go
with two big eyes I'll tell you that I
don't like I don't like Todd McFarlane's
drawing style in general he is a
complete hack and you know what he's
also a hypocrite yeah yeah cuz that
whole debacle over angela craters rights
craters right I'm gonna steal Neil
Gaiman's character Raiders rights pretas
rights well no my creators rights this
greater that's a yeah I created the
thing I stole whatever it is hack hack
hack fraud shit writer yes yes overrated
yeah I'm with you I do like the big eyes
though I think those are fun
I don't like give me the tiny eyes give
it a tiny tiny eyes I think I think
other artists have done that good with
the big eyes I've done that well
don't they still use his webbing today
oh did he give all the webbing all those
little like yeah but venom though look
visually interesting but as a character
the least interesting spider-man villain
at least the least big villain we're
talking about point to the Gibbon Todd
yeah yeah the Givens Leslie more than
venom but my todd mcfarlane being a hack
Todd McFarlane comic book artist creator
of spawn and other such things I was
reading up on the cable there's no
cables gonna need any cable and
apparently Todd McFarlane and Rob
Liefeld helps creative process
a school wants you to throw your Pokemon
at the room or if you could possibly
make a punish hello - icon says the
Jesus Christ shut up format don't end
well for you guys if it's the first time
playing the game on stream also you
didn't label the warhammer extreme as a
Jesus Christ shut up strap
oh no should we think we changed the
title after we started playing space
parade we did early on it no maybe I
don't ride I don't remember I'll be
honest
ok don't remember like this spotting to
go crazy I watched I watched the movie
when I first came out
yes
yes the best beat-em-ups I like
beautiful Joe that's a good beat him up
would you like any beat em ups
what counts is to beat them up there's a
ninja gaiden television beat him up
there's a brawler what's the difference
I think it brawlers pretty similar to a
beat them up ninja gaiden all right
that's better
stop stop my head I couldn't think of
another one I guess when we're heroes
would count as one sure remember you
don't remember I'm asking the chat if
they remember if anyone in the chat
remembers Super Smash Brothers what was
it brawl for the Wii they had that
side-scrolling beat-em-up section where
you could play as all the smash
characters through the side-scrolling
section I loved that I wish that would
come back for the Wii U I love that site
you know it was just all the smash rules
in normal but a side scrolling beat up
and it was great it was super great
was it mainly we go on with Fermi I
forget
that was brawl oh that was brawl okay
venture motor
great great and you know like they have
all those like dumb arcade ones like the
x-men arcade game The Simpsons arcade
game and you know a lot of those are
just quarter sucks you know you know hey
II Wreckers it says anonymous
can you play more X come you should
never name another character mochi and
make him mech trooper it was fun
watching you play with a mochi character
it was great this is not mochi as for
anonymous you had you had the finest
XCOM moment of all time you should be
proud thank you right anonymous says
play the darkness to a first-person
shooter which sell ship traffic gory
kills and unique quad wielding mechanic
where you can use two guns and you to
the arms which you can pull enemy spine
out of there
which one what like miss Jeannie okay
good Douglas to know if I've heard of
that darkness is based on a comfortable
no mobster was somehow something
something related to the Witchblade oh
really yeah he inherited
and he can't have sex if he conceives a
child he instantly dies the power gets
transferred over to the kid oh that's
all I remember about the darkness which
is sad
enemy phase exploding squid says hey
guys not sure if you mentioned answering
it but have you watched Dirk Gently max
slipped in a Plunkett reference what's
wrong with your face I guess also fiddle
with my development I have not seen it
yet I'm excited to see it because I
really enjoyed the book whoa but I've
not seen a good I think it's on FX
and I don't know if I have that fax
right now so I have not what what good
if I don't have FX yeah that's that's
the question but you know it's not
something I haven't seen any of Max's
movies Chronicles good I've heard titles
very good that silly would have seen
that's very good I've heard that
Chronicles good I have never gotten
around to actually seeing any of his
duties which might be awkward if he ever
comes back into town as he likes to talk
about his movies it's fine and it didn't
come up last time because there's a lot
of just you know like I'm getting to
know each other I don't think you talk
about much bicycles you might have
talked to him about them I don't know I
was gonna be on Netflix they don't watch
it for sure
Chronicles okay
he did Chronicle yeah good yeah that was
his first big movie Chronicle and then
you know he went on to write other stuff
and the director of Chronicle went on to
direct fantastic which as everyone knows
is a huge success
that's the Superman pitches our better
stories in the action they're not
possible I wrote what he was here he was
he was like he had a movie I'm not him
I'm moving the wrong guy this is awful
I'm gonna lose there's a movie that he's
like quasi-pitch to us something that he
wanted to work on that was a really
great idea
I meant to move this guy the other guy
twice to get him to where he meets David
Wright
nope you got hit by the tank I was gonna
do something different with him but I
accidentally clicked on the wrong guy
it's not gonna redo that there you go hi
Showbiz Pizza bear welcome welcome to
the stream
welcome to Valkyria Chronicles you can't
run in front of the fact is that I know
that I did something desperate because
one of them was gonna get killed the
next turn anyway so I did something
desperate did you see a fan for testing
fantastic no no no I did not
it's a mess I I can imagine it's a mess
rumor has it is that you know they're a
bunch of reshoots for that and the
rumors right the rumor is that before
the reshoots it actually made less sense
is the studio interference and the
reshoots that they that they asked for
actually helped the movie out all right
I give very little shits
something is something I heard I read
somewhere and I was like yeah really
that's that's crazy
Josh Trank was going to direct a Star
Wars solo film but he was fired because
he lost his booze
rogue one specifically really he had
wrote one I want to say yes
you direct a little indie movie and then
you get called up to the big show
and you fuck up for a one and you and
you piss your pants that's what I did
there and pissed his pants you crappy
shit the bed which a chance I'll just
make a simple make a simple fantastic
four movie right that's all you got to
do and then you get then you get the big
big show they're saying he was gonna do
a Boba Fett
shit the bed
absolutely goddamn sugar baby
you might be he might be doing a movie
or Tom Hardy - he's got to get he's got
to get his bearings again
nigga what - that'll never work again on
immediate major studio picture what he
needs another if he can find himself
another indie hits they will give him a
chance again of course they will because
that's how Studios work you can make
another little indie movie and it makes
a ton of money they will hire him back
again they don't know they don't care
that much unless he really pissed
someone off and that person is still
working at the studio
thank when I'm Twitter and blaming
studio fucking a completely publicly
yeah I guarantee if he has another hit
indie movie they someone will hire
absent regularly
damn
mmm night is probably going to get a big
film next
I know split is doing well and it's
getting good reviews did you on my phone
split yeah oh yeah I know
oh yeah yeah yeah there you go well
there you go
if Mel Gibson had a comeback I'm sure
josh trank n-no no Gibson's here's the
difference here's the dick I'm I'm glad
you got this I know you're gonna love
Mel Gibson's mistake did not cost a
major studio hundreds of millions of
dollars Josh Trank's mistake cost a
studio hundreds of millions of dollars
yep
Mel Gibson pissed off the American
people he didn't piss off studio heads
like Josh Trank did yes Mel Gibson was
still able to make movies but
how nice it
he's making an Al Capone movie with Tom
Hardy Jackson yeah and you know what if
it's successful the studio's will
abso-fuckin'-lutely hire him back I
don't care
damn give no fuck they'll give some
pissed-off Jews and you were arguing
there are no Jewish studio heads there
are but studio heads like money
regardless of whether or not they're
Jewish yes people who run businesses
usually like to run successful
businesses for all of his issues besides
the fact that he's a jerk Mel Gibson
movies make money besides the fact that
he's a jerk and anti-semitic he is still
a box-office draw or he is now that he
is he has paid his penance of course of
course of America but
I am oh it's being worked up
I said studio heads regardless of
whether or not they were Jewish or what
their religion are like money that's
true ritual you said exactly that very
specific very specifically you give me
none of your shit
