Episode 036
Let this stream DIE!!! (Part 1)
February 17, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7rDdjrw1Ms
___________________________________________

streaming we are we are now streaming oh
my god I don't have the the chant watch
her up yet I came I see this tipalert er
yes yeah that's that's good to get up
Marsh
hey everybody sorry about the lateness
of the stream if we recently put a new
hard drive in this computer and that got
rid of the elgato software that we need
in order to capture things like the
PlayStation 4 and so we have to
redownload that but as you can see there
we got it working
what except for it's a it's a little
weird because of a monitor we're using
so everything's doesn't feel the right
size but we're streaming and we're gonna
play a little let it die so what is let
it die Jack let it die was was suggested
to us by some people in the chat and
hold on I can't read the chat I speaking
of chat game music loud good to know
yeah we will turn that right the heck
down we will turn that right the heck
down we don't want unhearable either
okay I just turned it down so you say
there's some humor we need to hear yeah
people need to hear tell me if you can
hear it now I'd never suggest anything
good Oh a dreamer TK so it was fine
oh of course it was fine dreamer TK I
got your comic I'm gonna read it later
thank you presenting it I'll plug for
awful girl thanks for sending dreams you
read the nib they got a little tiny
screen that Horner wrote you think
that's a plug no it's not you got to
read the name or they can't even see it
oh yeah I'm ready how you did you did
eventually I read another this you know
what this isn't a Jesus Christ shut up
already because
I uh I played a little bit of it because
you guys another chatter not me sorry oh
well I still got I think I think Jesus
Christ shut up ready it needs to be
long-term we'd never hear the end of it
yeah it comes up every now and then this
was suggested to us and the premise as I
heard it it was punk rock Dark Souls
yeah made by suda51 no no punk-rock Dark
Souls punk rock rock doesn't shock me at
all yeah because suda51
yeah but in the vein of dawn of war to
being just like Helldivers you've played
a bit of this I have played a little bit
of this is this in fact anything like
Dark Souls it is a lot like that okay
Wow oh I I was shocked
here's the other shocking thing about
this game free to play okay this is a
free game that you can download on the
PlayStation 4 what we are going to try
to do now is we are going to try to
start a new game for rich because rich
hasn't played yet and I don't actually
know if we can start a new game
no I don't know alright alright we're
gonna see it's nothing like Dark Souls
though it's a lot like Helldivers ah
thanks Kiwi the Iguana no it works kind
of similar to Dark Souls and I had
there's one really frustrating part
about it which will kind of get to as
you play personally I cannot stand the
humor in this game it feels like they're
trying way too hard to be edgy and meta
but some break the fourth wall on huh
they break the fourth wall a lot a
little bit that's great but they they do
it in a way that kind of gets on my
nerves oh oh I get a new box
it's as you see here there's a lot of
rolling and that and then there's this
you're hurt huh yes you're hurt and
their heart her heart like oh yeah she's
got this like thing in her chest and
then you can switch your weapons a lot
like Dark Souls I have only a lot of
feels we can't start a new game is that
what they're saying I know are you
saying I I don't know what is this stuff
you've seen what do you mean I'm saying
is this a new game well no this is where
I left off this is where you loved up so
now we're gonna try to see if we can
like enter a new thing it's like what if
we config speak their vibration no
nothing back to title sure you're gonna
have to delete the save game okay you
don't have to do that well I don't care
like I've only made it one level okay
and then I was like ooh I'm enjoying
this we should stream this because
people asked us to stream okay so I'm
okay deleting my safe I don't exactly
know how to delete my safe
you probably have to go under the
PlayStation menu and find it renegade
gira says equip the iron for easier
perfect blocking use the firework
launcher to cook food get quest from the
arcade get the get to fourth floor to
unlock specialty fighters get blueprints
cotton and iron scraps YUM
all right hold on I'm gonna go back into
the PlayStation menu here I should
probably turn this off if I'm gonna go
into the config here unless it's right
here how long it's right here we can do
it
because we can delete the game but we
can't like we don't want to delete the
game right we just want to delete the
save how do we delete this save just
Alex 64 I've received your tip thank you
how do we how do we were so how do we
delete this save chat sure go to go to
the main PlayStation menu ok well that
I'm gonna throw enough I'm gonna just
turn off the CAPTCHA pieces Tim hold on
do you not to leave the game just to
save right mr. shy smile how do we do
that hold up go to there should be like
system or something's setting I think
it's settings but go down we'll see oh
there should be like some kind of data
management Oh application saves the data
management nice save data and storage
system delete
Wow okay here we go oh yeah Oh someone
else had just switch profiles that
probably wouldn't done it to actually
just make a new profile but I owe this
one oh you know what it's probably
online upload don't know saves data in
online storage it's probably there
because it's an online game yeah yeah
what is this game called again my dad
does that same delete system32 ah I know
that joke
that's a good joke Oh My gods which
profiles rich do something I told them I
told them what switching profiles would
probably be the easiest way to do this
there's a really new safe okay you
switch profiles
I don't use the PlayStation far enough
to know in the PlayStation 4 because
essentially my playstation 4 is a
blood-borne box right
oh wait wait I know how hey I know how
to do I know how to do things maybe not
Adventure 305 in the chances Xbox safe
management is much easier PlayStation
sucks you know you know it's better than
both of those hmm called PC bitch it's
called fuck PC they're all five choices
all fine they're all fine choices plays
a guest shit do you know you're shitting
my shit I don't know my shit well this
is what we need to do and if we were
gonna change profiles oh god no I
honestly don't know up top my damn
heaven it would take me an hour to
figure out what I use is the password
okay then we need to figure out how to
delete the save all right are we just
going to forget about seeing the opening
we just go from where you are and it's
not a big deal that's not a big deal
oh let's let's just try one I'm just
gonna look in the saves data management
I mean it's here right like it should be
here your PC cost more than any console
and yet it's totally awful at gaming a
PC yeah says says who well you might you
might just have a terrible video card
says some dummy look before before I got
the the PC I currently use for work that
was justifiable as a work expense huh I
had been using a PC that I built
probably five or six years before that
mm-hmm I built it for 400 bucks and it
was only then just starting to have
trouble running some games so a $400 PC
who's running new stuff at acceptable
frame rates for the most part mm-hmm
until very near the end yeah and that
one only cost me 400 I think you can get
a decent PC for a decent amount of money
and the money the extra money that you
spend buying that PC you will probably
make up for in steam sale games yes it
would be an expensive experiment well
not maybe not that expensive
I would like to see I'd be curious if I
could like for about the price of a
console if you could build a PC that
could run current games as well as a
console so you're not you're not getting
like making them not at all a hundred
and twenty frames per second with 4k
resolution but if you could run like
what most console games still run at 30
30 right so you get something that runs
at like seven twenty thirty frames a
second like a lot of console games do
for a relatively cheap PC that would be
to me that would be an interesting
experiment I bet you could I I'm betting
that you could I refuse to build pcs
mainly because it'll be obsolete in the
weekend it doesn't really work that way
though you know you know that how long
ago did I build my PC months you both
pretty nice one I built a pretty nice
one it's not it's not going away anytime
so how long do you all go you build your
PC that was a year that's probably first
started when I first started Union you
built you built this very PC that we are
playing games and has begun not needed
constant upgrades the one the one I
built like five years before we started
with yeah was built dirt cheap and did
not need constant upgrades but constant
upgrades it's a myth it's only a myth if
you're like the absolute largest
graphics whore
imaginable right right but this PC that
we are streaming on right now you built
two years ago okay plus two years ago
plus right something like that yeah it
was fairly early I think and we have not
you know I think we put it a new hard
drive in
I built this one for with a lot of Black
Friday sales I think 1,200 but I mean I
was you know that's I was going nuts
because I could that's relatively
because I can justify it all as a work
expense yeah oh yeah so you know all
right
well we're just gonna we're just gonna
play on my on my safe then because I
can't figure out how this works
wait that's right actually the XCOM the
that early ex-con game that you were
playing was free on humblebundle
yesterday oh yeah yeah classic this
sound was free on humblebundle I can't I
personally have a hard time going back
but not a bad game mm-hmm still love I
still love the strategic layer layer a
lot more than I like the tactical error
the classic one that I have a trouble
going back to but arguably a lot deeper
than the modern ex come mm-hmm well and
you know like a price is a point and you
know if you do want a nicer piece yeah
you're you're looking at spending a
grand no I think boys you don't need to
you don't it's a myth that you need to
write your you're really it's a what
you're you're treating yourself to a lot
of luxuries if you're buying the
high-end shit right well and the the
point is that grand will last you years
yes a console will also do that but the
amount of things you can play on that
computer is is infinitely more you can
play more games on a PC than you can on
a console that's that's just science all
right what plus I don't I don't think
that lately the Xbox and PlayStation
have been they haven't exactly been
nailing it with their exclusives
nope like I said playstation ps4 I don't
want people mentioning yeah cuz in which
I haven't seen so I can't really comment
on that or what was it
gravity something so I don't know much
about those two but every rush
blood-borne my playstation 4 is a
blood-borne machine everything else
seems to be coming out on PC - yeah even
the Xbox one exclusive are now coming
out in the windows I hate dealing with
the fucking Windows Store and windows
stores fucking shit technically you can
do it oh crap
it took a year to download because the
Windows Store shit the gears for ran
right so then I miss stuff from your new
game or do we not get a new game what
happened
I got a vomit I accidentally ate a bad
mushroom because I forgot what buttons
did what
sorry everybody's just me vomiting for a
little bit there we go
great try to remember how to do anything
and apparently I've forgotten how to do
everything
okay right this had a throw stuff how do
I get to my bag here okay I found it I
found it everyone so do we give up on
the new game we can't we can
the this game has no save data on my
system or in my cloud okay so it must
save data to the server which I cannot
believe okay and if you don't know how
to log in then we can't that we would so
this is it this is what we're doing okay
red hot iron we want to do the fat so we
will put there we're gonna quip some
some weapons here mister small strength
it's almost how to change profile I
think this point we just need to soldier
on yeah we're here already man we are
here already but thank you I appreciate
it I already quit the fireworks launcher
ps4 is going to be a blood-borne and me
home machine next week possibly very
possibly I'm hoping and you know I I'm a
little more lenient on consoles than
than riches like like the ps4 for
example like it's got blood-borne which
is a huge plus its it has a couple other
exclusive this game a few other
exclusives but it also has a bunch of
stuff that is also on PC that say Xbox
doesn't have yeah like it had Xbox gets
crypt of the necrodancer this week this
added for riled up right you know this
has belong key this has a million I'm
sure Xbox has long queue to but this has
a bunch of games that Xbox doesn't have
and I need to remember how I need to
remember how to play this game before I
can have rich plan
and I don't necessarily remember
frigging nation says hi guys
just water to say that I love the least
episode of the nerd crew uh-huh Richard
genuine reactions to the random nerd
Baca items was hilarious
were you really gagging from the
Avengers hotdogs yes those things were
fucking disgusting legit gagging yep
easy beer coaster I bought stardew
valley for the Xbox one and there was a
bug that caused my save game to be
corrupted it took the developer four
weeks to fix it
that's true all right that's true
because they not only they can't just
put out a patch they have to get it
approved by Xbox those were Vienna
sausages they look just like cut-up hot
dogs
so you're fighting zombie thing yeah
kind of fighting zombie things nice a
hammer so what's going on in this game
how does this work okay so you're this
person and the game do you build your
own avatar you're always just this
person no you can you get there's like a
few different one you can't like
customize them completely like
blood-borne yeah but there's a few
different ones that you can there's a
few different ones that you can be and
you just have to go and kill everything
and I doesn't really tell you why you
need to kill everything but but you need
to kill it but you need to kill
everything and you get you pick up
different weapons so like right now I
have this iron yeah and a hammer
okay and it's a little like blood-borne
you know there's a lot of dodging dives
rolling involved the one super issue I
have with the game as you will see in a
moment is when you lock onto an enemy
the camera doesn't stick to the enemy no
you do okay but the camera doesn't and
it's annoying as shit someone on the
chat is asking what makes this Dark
Souls like so you know different weapon
upgrades it's really it's it's all the
enemies respawn if you come back to the
area the combat system is very similar
where it's like left trigger right
trigger and quasi combo attacks rolling
I had a lot of rolling too dog do you
die easy I haven't so far but I've been
playing and really conservatively okay
so so not as hard it could be I also I'm
just on level 1 so sorry I haven't I
haven't died yet is what I was there
I have not died yet Skulltula houses can
you guys help an old schooler whose only
new game experience is Zelda I want to
buy Valkyria Chronicles for PC loved
your stream esteemed the only way to get
it seed tip part - I don't owe its part
was anonymous I hear you guys say you
don't own games on Steam
can you play steam games without being
connected to the Internet does the copy
I downloaded to still work if not online
alright that's a number of questions I
believe the only other way to get
Valkyria Chronicles I think it was a
PlayStation 3 exclusive
once upon a time so your only other
option there is PlayStation 3 and I know
they made two sequels but those are only
available on I think the PSP which I
don't own neither PSP or the D games as
far as steam and not owning games so you
once you buy it yes you can play it does
not require an internet connection
most most games some do you get like yay
SimCity Diablo 3 yes if you ever need to
reinstall the game for some reason
you're you're reliant on steam still
existing the so much like literally
every digital distributor and this
includes stuff like iTunes any like
digital movie place that you rent a
movie from or buy a movie from that's
only digital you are not buying that
piece of software you are leasing it
yeah you're basically on Steam you're
leasing now it's not as bad as needing
to be always online right that is the
worst that is like some of the Xbox one
games
you can get on the Windows Store yeah
those are always online you try to
disconnect the internet and Gears of War
4 will kick you right off yeah as will
quantum break what was I saying like
there's there's this like like there's
nothing to stop like let's say it some
day
yeah Gabe Newell guy in charge of valve
he retires yep maybe maybe it does maybe
he's in a Segway accident yep and he's
gone and somebody else is in charge of
steam and maybe the new people in charge
of steam ones games got maybe they're
not good people maybe they're straight
up corporate jag-offs yep and maybe they
decide well you know the steam going to
bog that was really I was just long-term
lease and after after Rob at 5 years you
got to really you gotta pay a fee to
redownload and the rights to the game or
or what more likely is some sort of like
a Xbox Live or PS Plus subscription
service you know to help maintain steam
servers we require a $2.00 a month Steam
subscription service right now Gabe is a
benevolent dictator that doesn't change
the fact that he is a dictator steam has
all of the control of the games you own
on Steam which is why when I can when I
have the option to I will buy my games
off of gog.com they mostly do older
games like the old Siri but from the
nineties but sometimes they get newer
stuff like The Witcher crisis and what
gog does that steam does not is when you
buy a game on GOG you can just download
the install files back those up on a
disk and you can reinstall that game
whatever the fuck you want without
needing to call home steam to get
permission from the servers to activate
your game
I I avoided games on Steam for the
longest time for that reason the
benefits are cheap you didn't you can
find games on Steam dirt cheap as
compared of like buying it on a physical
disk where there's all kinds of like
overhead they got a manufacturer yeah I
think even like am i wrong in like the
digital versions of like PlayStation 1
and PlayStation 4 games even though they
don't have to manufacture the discs they
cost the exact same amount you're still
paying the full six sometimes sometimes
yes so typically on Steam you can get a
brand new game
ten dollars cheaper and you know
starting off and then steam is like a
sickening amount of sales there's like
for the two or four big ones of yours
and every season or it's just oh I mean
no it happens all the damn time where
they have they have weekly deals daily
deals the big summer sale now that
winter sale they have fuckit like oh I
fucking feel like it sale so one of the
major benefits of steam is you can get
shit dirt cheap yeah
but and and this is it's right there in
the terms and service that you agree to
when you buy a steam or when you buy a
steam game at any point with literally
no warning they can just say you can't
play this game now it doesn't happen I'm
trying to remember what I do there was
that's I do
there was an iTunes or there was a movie
on iTunes that this happened to somewhat
recently where people who bought it it
was then taken away from me
yeah and if anyone could remember that
for me and iTunes I believe it was
iTunes it might have been a Disney one
remember that they're asking where your
pants one-eye
I believe my pants exploded I'll be
honest I don't really know everything is
game much another comparison to Dark
Souls blood-borne is your weapons
degrade after a while so like if you'll
notice both of my the two red flashing
things on the bottom right now I'm using
an iron and a hammer and they're on the
the last legs of health
so I believe I'm getting it up there
I believe my pants left me they exploded
I don't really know though there's a lot
of shuffle we're on steam yeah but
there's also good games in mixed in that
just means you get more overall it's not
that's not really a negative in my book
cuz you don't have to buy the shovel
we're just read a review god damn but
also there's a lot of shovel where I'm
fucking everything that's like you know
don't don't let that be your only your
only arbiter of success you're a big boy
you've watched to choose from misses
this is not a problem
I don't know what that is no no it's
their shovel I you know what I won't use
any system that has any bad games on it
I will not I refuse if it has any bad
games at all was the PC version of
Arkham Knight ever fixed yes it was and
in fact when it went on sale I bought it
so I could have a PC version of the game
oh nice oh did you get a refund with it
first yeah okay when I first came out
with the problems I got a refund ah so
here's something this game as I
mentioned before is free-to-play and
it's a pretty alright game like you know
bad guys dungeon exploring and whatnot
one of the things that they would like
you to pay for as a freemium update is a
larger bag it's really if you look in
your bag right now you get 20 slots yeah
and like this is all your weapons your
food any items that you want to use
that's everything yeah but uh you really
want to explore those dungeons you might
want to get a bigger bag you know how
much does it cost and how long does it
last you have to keep re-buying bags I
know I think you just buy a big here
come you know bag upgrade just comes and
there's probably a way to get it for
free I just haven't really looked into
it but I do need to drop something
because I want to pick up some of this
other stuff I'm never really gonna use
these mushrooms I can drop that how do I
send my guys to kill prereq well that's
how do we piss you off now do you want
to kill us Jesus Christ guys wants to
send some guys over here to murder us oh
uh I don't you know I actually don't
know how you do that
so sorry I don't have a really good
answer for you huh I'm sure there's ways
you could do that but buy her some pants
I probably could buy her he meant
in-game okay okay
what do you mean he meant to send
someone to kill us in-game oh yeah I
think there is an online component to
this where you can send your avatar to
go do stuff but I was thinking I was
thinking what reasonable thing that I
say that made somebody angry this time
well that's very likely as well you
can't discount that that's not can talk
to you
go get up there also the jump button is
in a weird place
renegade Kira says hi again hi again
guys back to blood-borne for a second
did you have trouble with any of the
bosses how long did you spend on the
final bosses gehrman and the moon
presence lol yeah how're my ghoul like
having problems with the bosses that's
its kind of that's a large part of the
peel up in the appeal that's that's the
point that's literally the game but uh
unlike anything ever gave me as much
problems as the Blood star beast oh yeah
yeah oh man that was how deep did you
get into the DLC I didn't get that deep
into the DLC cuz man fucker that orphan
accost man yeah he he gave me so much I
think I only beat him on a fluke to be
honest with you for like if it didn't
feel good when I beat him when I beat
the orphan but fuck man
I I must I I think I tried fifty times
to be dead or forfeit ecause I did beat
what was his face who was the what's his
name oh by the way here's something
really cool about this is it tracks all
the stuff you did in the level okay
watch this oh isn't that neat and like
oh all the people he killed all the
roles they did all the treasure that you
find it like recaps everything you did
in the level huh and I think that's just
so much fun yeah that's very rewarding
to me is like oh yeah I did all that
stuff so anyway sorry bosses that you
had a part time with who's his name the
the horse looking thing that you
decapitate you can be living Oh
oh fuck are you well I needed help I
beat him but I had I had like three
people on the chat helping me yeah yeah
me too is difficult I've heard that is
the most difficult though was that
fucking that was really hard yeah the
tree balls guy that was Dark Souls 3
that was not blood-borne bad tree balls
3 balls was Dark Souls good old tree
balls
that's uh that's uh uncle skeleton or
uncle death and he guides you through
the world and he is annoying as shit
okay I think he's tell Jack to die so he
can see what happens
maybe I'm killing it
anonymous says rich you almost barfing
at Vienna sausages made me cry with
laughter also I just got here and what
is this game is it good
where the fuck is my shoehorn I don't
know where your shoehorn is your shoe
horn
those Vienna sausages looked a lot like
cut-up hot dogs to me even though I know
now they came out of a can that said
Vienna sausages but really they look
exactly like I would expect to cut-up
hot dog to look like and
Jack what is this game this is let it
die this is the free to play darks punk
rock Dark Souls is what is it is is what
it is billed as and that's very
appropriate this is very dark souls ii
the the combat isn't as um fluid as Dark
Souls are blood-borne yeah because
mostly because there's only two attack
buttons but uh oh there go see my iron
just just exploded just my fists yeah
don't a waste
don't want a waste weapon they need to
switch to some sort of weapon yeah come
on I did not know you had to reload now
nice shot Jack go back up instead of
shooting wildly that's it oh Jesus
Christ that was I thought I could get
him you know it's been it's been a while
since I've had to use a controller to
shoot anything and it's actually really
tough to shoot with a controller okay
it's really tough to fucking shoot a
controller I feel your pain I feel your
pain I know that's a good weapon
it's punk rock star feels also yeah her
butt crack like just being right there
is very distracting to me as well and
you know me in a good way I'm okay with
butt cracks know maybe it's it's
distracting me from the game that's fine
but Craig's fine all right so uh is it
good um you know what I think it is okay
yeah
and it's free whoo I think I think it
was Bill bill hecka after I after I
announced that we were playing this
today it was like he said free to play
nope you know it's just not bad I I
haven't run into a moment that I wanted
to buy anything yet Oh a blueprint we
want that can't you equip pants or
something I need to find pants and these
the same people that told us we had to
take off clothes off we play Dark Souls
these are the same people that want us
to play panty party that is correct what
do you think rich first four hours of
panty party no no no I expect you to try
and play that you might have you might
have stood a chance cuz it could have
been funny just moving that's what I
want to do first I want to edit it
though it's probably not four hours of
game right
I have to get rid of the gun which I'm
okay with because it did it had little
health left I have a bunch of stuff now
so if I can make it to an elevator I
think sometimes at the end of levels
they have elevators come on I really
want that bigger bag yonder your nurses
I just wanted to tip you because you
said but fuck man that made my day
because he said but fun well great thank
you thank you
bambi angle allah says have you guys
heard general quiet on to automation
such a cool song I have not is there is
it a new Jamiroquai song Jamiroquai is
that you give me my automation so I I
have not I have not and I am in general
I am a musical idiot I did finally get a
chance to listen to that run the jewels
album the fruit of their first album we
run the jewels one and man oh man is it
fucking baller that's a neat looking
thing
yeah while while returning emails and
stuff this morning is like okay finally
got it got some time to listen to run
the jewels
gosh-darn is that good dammit I have so
much good shit it's pronounced a Bob
Marley
suppose the reggae oh that's a person
there see that King of Swing 28 that is
someone else yeah
how long in the game I don't know if
they're in the game right now are you
gonna fight me please don't fight me
know something you can camera
switch a hard thing stamina yeah dammit
Oh quick attacks well keep your distance
and hit them from far I'm trapped I'm
trapped I'm trapped gotta eat this frog
that was dangerous there we go
so when you die you can send it you're
dead avatar out into the world yeah and
I think that's what that was that was
someone else's dead avatar oh good well
kind of Finn's bad gamer Korean says hey
rich I'm listening to the stream while
painting some 40k minis I sent you and
Jackson painted for 40k minis a while
ago along with a beginners painting kit
have you tried painting them I didn't
get the kit I've not tried painting them
I'm sorry I'm sorry
like I said I'd try getting into 40k but
I'd probably only have like five
opportunities in my entire life to blow
the damn game yeah and that's that's on
the high end I think
Aries
nice work jack nice work fists for the
case too expensive to get into I know
this from experience I can see that I
can totally see that
I love hammers
I've got so many fucking blueprints 40k
how do we get this high-resolution
already yeah dude I get it I get it
look there's little secrets
it's pre fun game Donna says rich if I
mail you a hat will you fart in it and
send it back no that's fair you know
what that's fair
bad bad gamer Korean says how much for a
painting stream a painting stream thing
Warhammer figures specifically to be my
guess
that annoying fuck that's cute
why can't I pick you up rich paints no
ID well I guess I do I've painted like
little miniatures for the movie and what
not sure that counts
I don't know how good I am at it I would
say not very do you need to be good at
it no the miniatures for the movie look
good Wow Richie's full of confidence
dual wielding hammers that's how I like
to do it how insane is March 4 game
releases what's what's coming out March
oh fuck I know you got like the switch
stuff fuckin prep and prep so we got we
got Zelda coming out March
I think your prize
at the time and they fight they can not
hurt each other run around in circles
and a fox it's gonna be great it's gonna
be great
and on nearer automata but you still
don't know how to say correctly good
enough a horizon alright
Mass Effect doesn't count and drive it I
can go fuck itself up the bud right up
the book right up the bud horizon zero
dawn and seldom yeah I'm fairly new
automata okay yeah yeah that's a quality
it's a good shit right there
son of a bitch
yondu yonder says if we send you a hat
and a box with prepaid return postage
uh-huh well you fart in it and send it
back no that's just too fucking weird
it's beverage it's totally fair totally
fair
what if Mass Effect Andromeda is the
best game ever made what if what if what
if what if only it didn't take place in
a universe that makes me sick now
literally sick literally sick
you know I can totally see wanting
wanting out of this bag upgrade offer
when I get burned I don't go back
looking for seconds that's marriage
to the door closed on me
why does Mass Effect make me sick
question by question mark question mark
question mark because they started
throwing away the hard science that made
the first one interesting and the third
game made the universe feel more like
funeral march than a place I would
actually want to be done we're done how
about that Zelda how about this how
about beaten up weird guy's weird corpse
men in funny hats yeah that's great it's
great everything's great more pain
except for I can't wear any of my pants
now because I my inventory is full my
inventory is full of all these like
blueprints and R&D; stuff and like all
this shit that like because I'm not
using the firework launcher it's like
it's full of all this shit that like
people say that you need mm-hm
yeah you know like to progress in the
game and nice and if I get rid of one
more thing I can wear a funny hat so we
kind of want to wear a funny hat but I
think you need to wear a funny hat Jack
Wow - you know what too bad I can't you
can't nope I'm full can you drop
something to see even wear funny hat
I mean funny hat come on funny hat jack
are you are so gonna die
these all the same level over and over
again or something I mean these spaces
look very familiar I believe that they
are procedurally generated okay
and so my guess is they use a lot of and
you know I've been on the same level
this whole run so far oh I think that's
the elevator right there if I cannot die
in this hallway rich I might stand a
chance because I think that's the
elevator back down
if I can not die in this hallway Thyssen
says the bulletin of Atomic Scientists
recently adjusted the Doomsday Clock to
2.5 minutes from midnight closest to
spend since 1953 citing Trump is a
reason thoughts my thoughts is I am NOT
going to discuss this as it is
impossible to talk about without
everybody throwing a fucking fit on
either side I think that's Farage that's
totally fair oh hey that was a good run
that was a good level who did a good
level it's impossible to have an actual
conversation about it so why try great
then we don't talk about it's great it's
great it's great oh I need rich yes I
have an upset tummy
ieave you told me I told you I don't
think I told the chap maybe it's because
you're drinking that sparkling water
this makes me feel better I was in a
real flow editing before I came here and
then I had to rush eat dinner before I
came yeah and so it's just I feel awful
because I had to eat so fast because I
was really in the flow and it's like
okay I can get five more minutes five
more minutes get a ton of shit done I
love this this is my favorite part of
the game right here so you still haven't
died yeah you don't great
yeah your health does slowly regenerate
itself as you play it and then you can
eat frogs and shit that you find in the
ground I have to look into that bag
expansion bad gamer Priam Cyprian says
but rich if you start painting minis on
stream you can write 40k expenses as
business expense then recruit more
players like Jack and Karen to play on
stream it's a win-win nope ain't got
time for that
nobody else would be interested I don't
got time for no 40k that's the brain
sucking machine Domingo head it takes
all my coins and other stuff I can also
go to him to level up
well that's right I got a new thing rich
should I ever play any previous Mass
Effect you just start with Andromeda
you're a free human being and you can do
what ever you want to do hey rich yeah
no I don't know how I know this is a
suit of 51 game no because that's weird
it's weird and and and sexy yeah that's
just a normal thing to put on a game be
fair what's sudha I think weird comes
first and foremost I think the sexy is
thrown on top because it makes it all
that much weirder the sexy is in service
of the weird all right not the other way
around also this is uh this is graduate
Hitler
he's our shop owner I attack it I'm
turning in all my blueprints
favorite sunnah game No More Heroes
heads done yeah you like that No More
Heroes it's working in a way I enjoy
it's one of the few games to actually
get multiple belly laughs out of me oh
yeah the ending of No More Heroes is
amazing it takes I don't know know if
it's worth spoiling doesn't nobody's
actually gonna go out and play it just
because of this conversation
what No More Heroes ah you might what is
it is it on anything besides though I
think they came out with like a
PlayStation Move version but nobody else
the PlayStation Move so by the way so
let's say let's say your maker of a
freemium game or you know a free-to-play
game got to get money out of people
somehow all right hmm
so I collected enough shit to buy it to
to make this little helmet here but I
can't even read how long it takes to get
it done you can get it done immediately
if you use one skull you pay for the
skulls well right now I have a quite I'm
sure you pay for more stalls so I'm like
it it's it's interesting PC oh maybe
that was just a minute to make it okay
never mind just a minute just a minute
or I can wait a minute or I can get it
done immediately with a1 scalping so
that's fine that wasn't as bad as I
thought
what is the first game to genuinely
scare you for me it was the original
aliens vs. predator movie first and I
think only game to scare me was thief's
first and only I had a zombie pop-up at
me before I knew that the undead were
really a thing in the game I was like
holy Sh underground just just jumped up
at me and growled and I backpedaled
immediately like literally jumping out
of my seat and I fell down an elevator
shaft not enough to kill me and then I
was eaten by a giant spider yeah and I
had a I had a lot of like jumps in
blood-borne just because life was so
precious and blood-borne and then it's
like you're going on a big exploring
kick and like oh what's there could be
something really amazing around that
corner and it's you know like an ogre
already swinging a club at you ship I
had very loud real reactions while
playing blood-borne I wouldn't say like
I was scared but you know
it got real all right let's go to the
Ming head here which is only scared of
old ass 90s PC games these newfangled
games with fancy graphics are too
newfangled and fancy to scare him I
think we invited a lot of our humour is
kind of dickish yeah we okay so here
here's the four in order to scare me in
a game I like it like I was saying you
know blood-borne right mm-hmm
I need to feel like I'm about to lose
something important as a player and so I
can blood-borne or even in this you know
like you get enough items and if you die
you lose all those items right therefore
I am role-playing I'm in the in the in
the role of my character and if I die
that sucks and I don't want to die so if
something shocks me I will have a
visceral reaction in something like
Resident Evil 7 if the guy catches you
you don't really lose anything there's
no there's no punishment for death and
so like him
stalking you in those rooms didn't mean
anything it it was just a scary image
and I can watch a movie to be scared
then you know like as a player it didn't
do anything for me same with like soma
same with alien isolation it didn't
necessarily cost me anything except for
my time I would say two things okay for
me sure speaking for me yeah yeah for
one a game would need to actually be
immersive I need to lose myself in the
game enough yeah but I can't be scared
by something in the game otherwise I'm
just looking at a screen a scary thing
pops up on the screen sure so I needed
to be actually immersive and not like
that bullshit narrative game immersion
where immersion is
movie storytelling like a legitimately
immersive game and a second it can't be
a horror game because you're expecting
it like the thief thing like it caught
me off guard uh-huh cuz that was immerse
cuz the game was immersive and I didn't
know there was going to be a zombie and
so when I saw one it was like oh fuck oh
that's fair oh fuck monsters are real
then split second oh shit I can plan
like like the spooky horror game and
well you know there's a monster is gonna
pop out sooner or later no I'm just kind
of waiting for it yeah I'm with you
no that's just talking for me because I
know the horror games are super big Jean
ruined people love them and I I don't
hold that against you you can love your
horror games they've just never been my
things right I started any game made you
genuinely laugh No More Heroes as I have
just said I'm sure there have been
several games that have made me laugh
you know just because I happen to be
thinking about it right now
the my initial playthrough of the
Stanley parable it was just it was just
so delightful
everything was so delightful No thank
you graduate Hitler and inside oh man
inside the the ending of inside of what
a riot what you know what what a
pleasure just a player alright great
interested in Sudha saying another no
more hero coming to the switch well it
wasn't flat-out said it was implied and
I won't get incited until I actually
know more it's a noble heroes game but
90% of the game you're gonna be running
around as Shinobu Wow less interested in
that sure but well you know we'll see
what they actually do with it Shinobu
knows her name I think was she know blah
I don't you never played Super Mike she
was one of the villains in the first
game okay and then she was briefly a
playable character in the second no not
a terrible character
trying to figure out what all these
things do you can buy a cover three
percent of damage dealt as HP oh yeah we
want that great okay
chef of all thank you for your tip
didn't say anything bad he just says you
don't have to read us so how do I equip
that is that just equipped now how do I
cook that I just bought a thing from her
I have new mail how do I check my mail
Tiberius Kirk I have not seen that new
Star Trek Discovery information just
actually the first I've heard about it
there's a new Star Trek discovery it's a
teaser I think okay I don't believe it I
think it like shows the captain's chair
costumes yeah Burton is literally the
first I heard about it what are the
costume did you see it no I just saw a
picture of the chair okay
I'm curious what costume style they're
going with I think over something looks
more like T&G; and it looks more like
like like the class of TNG movies yeah I
don't tell you it can't be as ugly as
those boring kind of gray TNG movie
uniforms
oh god I just don't look at ya and
didn't they adopt those in later seasons
or did they I think they started using
those on did they use those in Deep
Space nine for a while
I think so yeah
the Wrath of Khan error uniforms best
yeah be interesting to see them use
those the Wrath of Khan error uniforms
sorry dad yeah nice it's pre TOS that's
the first I heard that I actually don't
know that much about the series gaga
Guga says yes hey rich
I played thief in 2004 it was dark it
was quiet
I felt the breath of the voiceovers on
my face where are those games now I
don't know they're not they're not
movies Roger Ebert's that games can't be
on so we got to make all games movies to
prove them wrong okay hey does anyone in
the chat know how I equipped the thing
that this lady gave me oh here we go
never mind
hey where's my skin decal there it is
okay I figured it out thank you I'm I
get it now
okay so now I have a premium out of a
skin decal all right we figured it out
we figured it out everyone don't worry
all right let's go fuck some shit up
let's go fuck some shit up play a better
game other than I you know what I'm kind
of enjoying this game I might get sick
of it unless if the challenge jumps up a
little bit more than what it has been
Mike still classic killed Roger Ebert I
I do believe that Roger Ebert like the
episode 3 review he tweeted about him
back into the day didn't he did he yeah
I said as the first movie over here then
somebody actually might pay money to see
in a theater you know what I remember
that yeah yeah
was he the one that liked the Phantom
Menace a lot of people said they did I
don't understand it Oh
rhadigan curious jack what holds circle
while standing the block tap the left
side of the touchpad to throw items yes
you've got an Express Pass use it in the
D age service menu to write elevator and
expand bag
good luck I expanded my bag I believe I
believe I expanded my bag apparently I
didn't I thought I expanded my bag but
shit yeah whatever
and yeah I can't you can press Circle
the block but I find it way more
convenient to roll away
I like rolling better you expanded your
storage space in the waiting room not
the bag oh well shit oh shit look at
this guy cool
okay he's got little legs all over my
loan
he's like the inside monster Jack that's
what it's price okay how about that I
can't argue with that
Oh dick I don't I don't know Chad I
don't know many people who live didn't
like Roger ever he might not have agreed
with him all the time on movies but I
don't know many people who would say
yeah I hate Roger evening oh yeah
I'm not doing a great job against them
how is this like Dark Souls if it's not
challenging oh that's Jack thinks he's
just that good no I definitely don't
think I'm just that good I think that's
what we're good that letter will
determine the longevity of this game
okay it's like so far
you know the mechanics are like Dark
Souls the controls are like Dark Souls
but Dark Souls is pretty fucking amazing
yeah I'll say that so what's the
difference between your storage and your
bag I don't know apparently rich rich
can you say hello to my friend shad in
Florida hey Chad what's up yo yo yo yo
yo Chad I'm a good good friend Chad in
Florida Chad hey how you doing
shit
nope oh I died I died did okay so now
what happens when you die this is the
first time I've died I'm sure you've
been asked this 10 times
you guys gonna play Neil probably yes
okay just got lots of rare stuff just
got to a new area instant coverage says
I can complete sport okay once okay one
skull and what happens and I come I come
back
my cows
okay so I'm just back alive now I'm
probably gonna start costing you in the
future yeah one skull and and I have
other skulls find some better weapons
here
I think I can do more damage with the
ham
damnit
seems like pretty pouring fight yeah
yeah
he designed though oh yeah he looks
great I hate that guy fucking hate that
guy alright great did it did it yeah
that kind of goes back to the challenge
so know so it was mentioning something
about you know like if there's no
challenge how is it like Dark Souls and
and that was like the first big boss
uh-huh
remember the first big boss in Dark
Souls oh fuck yeah I remember the first
big boss in Dark Souls I remember me
getting my ass handed to me so you know
do a wheel here yeah okay so you know I
don't know if this is gonna be like a
like a forever game but we'll see how
challenging it gets yeah that's the
that's the real question is let's see if
we go up a level here it gets harder
jack you haven't gotten by the first
boss of this game yet that was literally
what I did is exactly what I'm saying
but you know I'm enjoying what I've been
playing so far yeah and I love this this
is so rewarding it's that all all the
stuff you did during the level know what
it does for death
but I had a pattern picked up the thing
what does it do for a death oh that's
what it does for death little blue X
alright great
mr. shy smile so sorry it was the twitch
delay oh sure
no and I like I think I get it I think
I'm down with the sickness
I gotta read a text I wants to talk
about Ben Affleck in the Batman movie
Ben Affleck has officially announced he
is not directing the Batman movie but
he's still starring in it so it's not
like he's trying to walk I guess he's
under contract he's under contract and
in a previous interview Ben Affleck had
said that he what he would only direct
it if the script is good enough
dear senpai
it's me good job keep pressing on like
that oh yeah that's right I've got
something super important to tell you
let it die just got an online mode just
now but you thought something was like
an app it's what I was thinking anyway
well it's been added opened whatever
it's fun that's what counts for details
access the ticket machine there are some
cute new characters apparently well
later hate this guy
so yeah he's not directing Sisson I'm
not reading them because politics it's
there
I just want to give that away sheriff
clarify yeah
it is impossible to have civil
discussion so we're not even going to
try it right so Ben Affleck
that's me yeah
yeah there's some neat stuff in here
it's not a hundred percent great but
it's also free I'm just shocked that
this is a free game Porky blood what are
you check her pants I'll take him
what do you got what do you got thank
you
fireworks launcher are you hot iron I'll
take it but farter out of the but says
nice nice
Gretchen I asked earlier so sorry if you
didn't want to answer but have you ever
done any living history slash
reenactment for some reason I could see
while holding a musket also what's your
favorite hot dog no I have never done
that
honestly I've just never even thought
about doing it I don't know what I'd
really be interested in running around
outside with the musket what what a
strange question what an absolutely
goddamn strange question that was might
be interesting to watch briefly I don't
know that I could make a day out of it
you know what I what I've been to
speaking of old timey reenactment shit
hmm that was kind of interesting is that
old timey baseball yeah
they bring a knack old-timey baseball
huh you know like you know you don't
play with any gloves there they go by
old-timey baseball rules the uniforms
everything oh yeah old old uniforms like
old umpires like a flat-out history
recreation of like original baseball
it's kind of neat where when do they do
this obviously summertime they do it all
around I want to say they're called the
cream city the cream city
it's really neat to watch I have a buddy
who used to do it what are they called
someone in the chat is gonna tell me I'm
sure if you hear about this tell me this
is a very interesting debate this is a
real thing that they do and they have a
league and they play all over it's neat
Cream City is the nickname for Milwaukee
that's true because of the cream colored
bricks used in many of the buildings
that is true
that's why we are the Cream City I
learned that on a boat tour did you miss
a dent
that's an important thing to know call
the cream city because of this unique
style of brick that we used to produce
and all these buildings have this old
cream city yes me what do they call
though they're the cream city something
does it run shit shit I did not know
they could come up here that's that's a
horrible question yet almost funny one
do they do them for the baseball we're
in Akron do they segregate it's a
horrible question that's a horrible
question but very very funny no they do
not but you know if they want these not
it's it's not it's not totally historic
isn't let's face it those old-timey
baseball players were racist bastards
absolutely as for most people at five
right shit shit shit
I wish they're locking on system was
better I'll tell you what when you lock
on to someone you can't switch your
target check yes yes at the time there's
no need to put that in quotes because if
you think we're just as racist today as
we were in the 1800s you're wrong it it
may not be perfect but I think you have
to admit that Society has made a lot of
strides since the 1800s oh racism still
exists we've gotten a lot better about
it absolutely but it's still out there I
don't think anyone's arguing that it's
that it's the same as it was back then
well when you put at the time in quotes
implying it's just as bad today
let's give us credit for progress that
has been made
let's give us credit for being slightly
less racist than we used to be I'm with
you come on people
also what's your favorite hot dog this
is from their last tip Vienna beef
Vienna beef hot dogs also it's a
favorite up dog
gaga Guga says as no one found the name
of this classic baseball team by the way
I've seen a lot of names go by and some
of them were jokes I'm not sure if any
of them were real Chad I rely on you
sometimes to find the shit out for me
sometimes you have a job
dream city trumpets question 1 nope the
cream city dreamers nope
good ideas though the cream city shits
cream city masturbators ok these are all
great great ideas cream city creamers
so kind of helpful things she could
expect from a chat ok that's what we're
gone ok great
they were just called the cream cities
gaga google says jack yep when can we
expect they drop C / Jack sequel
collaboration a drop see Jack sequel and
collaboration yes is your problem I
think Oh Jack and drop season together
yeah oh shit man
cream city facials perfect cream city
banks cream city pearl necklaces perfect
you guys are nailing it this one's this
one's especially clever yeah the cream
city balls balls just ball just balls
well you got balls to face ball I guess
there's a little bit more credit than I
was sarcastically giving it credit for
Oh
yeah get out of my shit just gonna punch
you with my fists sometimes that just
works out better just fist know that I'm
100% sold on this watching you play a
jack yeah I could see that I can see
that the difficulty has not like no more
heroes the humor got got me through
parts that started to feel repetitive
sure and the humor got me through yeah
I'm not know what would I don't I don't
see what would get me through this one
yeah yeah no I'm with you you know what
I'm kind of with you here I can do about
the waiting room see if I can figure out
how to upgrade my storage bag
yeah it does good it's it's getting a
bit repetitive old timey baseball is
called vintage baseball sure it's neat
it's neat to watch a game it looks like
Dark Souls for mere mortals which I
would like says I'm a hunchback Jack ha
ha ha Dark Souls for mere mortals yeah
yeah no it's you know it's it's fine
it's free it's free
guys how how can you that's true how
good it's true you can't you can't even
nitpick cuz it's like it's a free game I
don't you can typically you can nitpick
anything but I would love I'd love a
little more difficulty I have the video
minimize this might as well be a podcast
we understand that actually that's kind
of what a lot of people do we kind of we
know that yeah a lot of people do that
that's why we try to talk as much about
as many things as possible so why you
probably hate it when I play X come
when you don't talk at all yeah don't
talk at all or explain what I'm doing
yeah in like detail Shaun underscore
says it's not free it is freemium no so
far I have not spent dime and I'm doing
rather well so it's not pay to win yes
so far freemium has a connotation that
you need you need to pay in order to do
well but I think I've been doing just
fine and I haven't paid done the
difficulty really ramps up after floor
10 we love when you play ex-cop I'm
saying if you're listening to it as a
podcast yeah then you probably don't
enjoy the XCOM streams as much because I
spend a lot of time staring upstream
yeah and and talking about what my
strategy is gonna be okay great I'm not
saying those are bad streams just
different streams yes
it's Comus use today haha
everyone has different tastes total
misanthropy different tastes there's
different tastes
there's no point where you need to pay
money just saves you a lot of time
grinding sure yeah but that's different
than freemium
you know what I'm not even gonna read
your name but it's it's it's terrible
says if you guys were a human centipede
but got to choose who was in front
behind you who would you pick for each
position you would you would be behind
me just that just terrible just terrible
those Wisconsin have fun
different states seem to have
different that Thank You Chad I am glad
you enjoyed the last dirt podcast last
nerd podcast Sundaram cool quality
changing team to changing to team
Wisconsin yeah I'm team Wisconsin boom
great I don't know what that does
necessarily but Team Wisconsin I don't
quite understand what this thing bad
gamer Korean says I'm not reading that
because we're not talking politics
tonight great that's a that's a
appropriate thing to say I can agree
with that
okay let's see here expand storage this
isn't how you do it I expanded my
storage once already
okay this Express Pass I don't
understand what that is put some pants
on please
no how about that okay you guys have any
desire to play and/or stream hitman it
costs money you fucks I have nothing
against the hit man's but there's like
so many games that they need to play in
the back yeah sometimes I want to play
replay old games that I like yep
no when I would get around to it is the
answer yeah that's uh that's the thing I
really like way back in the day yeah I
really wanted to get into the original
okay because it's kind of like an action
II stealth game I like the stealth and I
I bought it and I was enjoying it the
only problem was Oh God my computer at
the time it took me literally and it was
literally half an hour to load like a
level and every time you would get like
a like a death or something uh-huh it
would take another half hour to reload
that sounds awful yeah it was off it
made it made it unplayable
uh-huh though I was enjoying it when I
could play it so I don't upgrade my
death bag
maybe in here have to go to the arcade
that's uncle death this is like a pro
gamer gives you tips great I don't know
how helpful that was found and upgrade
death bag temporarily with Express Pass
oh so it is temporary
you can only upgrade it temporarily
that's BS I'm sorry yeah I know it's
like I get it I I get it that when you
make a game like this for free you need
to find ways to make money with it you
know and I get that wait different
fighters have increased inventory oh
okay ah Jack it's free right mr. schary
smile saying it's not ten Jesus Christ
people get your shit together hey
I've read things that I see should I
just accept all the quests you do you
Jack I don't know I don't understand
what it means to accept a quest in this
game because I have not played this game
alright
punch back Jackson's finally figured out
how to tip from the twitch iPhone app so
here's Tim hey maybe you can buy some
pants ah sorry Jen says good evening
gents rich will you continue XCOM with
our team may god rest monkey Loki soul
or is that done I'm glad my character
hasn't died yet I think good job I will
continue it I don't know when I want to
finish out that playthrough I don't plan
doing legging constant stream of XCOM
streams to America but there are still
plans to continue that
