Episode 037
Let this stream DIE!!! (Part 2)
February 18, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVbGosHp_1U
___________________________________________

do that good yes death looks neat talks
like an asshole why are you not wearing
pants you don't you start the game not
wearing pants I don't have any pants
you need to find pants and I don't have
any pants right now
I'm sorry oh I already defeated him what
was that shit alright well we'll go do
another level
I'll go do another lovely
they're getting extra shit brain monster
yeah do it alright what we got here turn
our HP up turn our luck up turn Irish
drink and stimming up my strength up
good
great shit I like Valkyria Chronicles
I've played it a little bit after the
stream the other day um nowhere near
close to beating it as far as streaming
again I don't I don't know that people
like be streaming it it wasn't going
overwhelmed with masses bacteria crying
yes yeah I just had so much in between
the actual gameplay where we couldn't
talk I can I could skip at all well
that's but then you don't get if I'm
playing it for me I'd want to you know
see that exactly you played it you
played it though with you the one the
one time you needed to play it that's
all you played it and that's good
the blood saving properly was pretty
funny though that was that was you know
that was a damn crash is what that was
that's true I know enough to manually
save the problem was the game crashed
before I could right right right
I did get to hold forward on the control
stick while watching a cutscene so I
could pretend I was playing the latest
naughty dog game though and that was
very immersive well see there you go
that's all you need to know so much
atmosphere I'm teasing you guys are you
doesn't feel like you are it feels like
you're cutting to my very core who's
your go-to character for it so far you
go to character for what for Valkyrie
what do they say who's your go-to
character oh and Valkyrie yeah I don't
have a go-to I I used the number of
different characters
wait great
did it murdered her ass dreamer TK you
might not have been here early in the
stream Jack not only got it but he held
it up to a camera and did kind of a a
plug the comic 3t k3t k I saw you and I
mentioned it and held it up to the comic
and you said it said oh wait did jacket
the comic about the people who's okay
that's a different kind that's different
comic I got nevermind I got get off or
whatever and he's talking about sex
criminals oh oh which is the other comic
about the people who stopped time when
they are gay for mine and I do have mine
never my also have that and read it and
it was alright I could you know what I
could see sex criminals being adapted
into a great HBO original series because
you need the sex Cinemax
or maybe Cinemax they still around
cinematics
yes yes in Mexico and I don't think it's
like skinemax anymore no they've cleaned
up Oh Rick and Marty says if you play
the newest Civilization game or any of
the previous if yes to both how do you
think it compares to the previous I
sadly have not civilization isn't might
get to file my comically large get to
pilot because as much as I've criticized
steam from DRM I have a huge backlog of
shit that I will probably never get to
half of it right because you can get
games dirt cheap when you see a sale
going on
cinemax has the knick which is an
amazing show is that like a like a
knockoff of the tick oh yeah I'm the
Nick Fork
yeah I guess I get it
Nick that's like four I get it I get it
it's a great crowd
very good I was right in the middle of a
fight wait a mil fight with a high level
opponent no you were in a fight with a
high level of partner I was in the fight
with a hot I was in a fight with Island
oh my god I defeated them thank you very
much can you fight other players
I don't I you can only fight their
ghosts basically okay we can so it's
still AI controlled I believe if that
was a person controlled they sucked but
uh I believe you can only fight their
ghost like if I ever die I can send this
person out into the world to fight other
people as a as an AI ghost who you oh
okay Richard Dawkins once claimed to
have seen two dogs doing a 69 what's the
worst lie you've ever told to impress
someone
what a weird comment I've never told a
lie to impress someone because I quite
frankly don't give a shit without of
other people think are you assuming that
Richard Dawkins made up a story about
dogs 69 that's the only way that makes
sense here's the thing
to impress someone I
how would that impress anyone unless
they are a dog sex enthusiasts I don't
know
so one in the chat is saying that the
tick show on Amazon is really
interesting here's my question about
that I watched the the pilot and
actually I enjoyed it yeah yeah it's
pretty good um it's the whole series oh
yeah oh yeah no do they have a season
not that I know of it got packed up yeah
the last I saw they just had the pilot
and if the series is out I know what I'm
gonna start watching what the tick yeah
if the series is out absolutely
last I looked which less than a month
ago I I didn't see the pilot the less
than a month ago wasn't the whole series
wasn't available yet yeah as far as I
know the see the series is not out and I
have been paying a slight amount of
attention at least how do I go up
wanna go up why the fuck should I Karen
that darkens had some kind of weird dog
69 in common I don't even know what the
context of that quote is also is it
possible that he did see two dogs 69
he's an evolutionary scientist weird
sexual behaviors might legitimately be
of interest to him that's a great
painting you missed Patrick Warburton as
the tick
I missed the animated took more than the
Patrick Warburton attention nobody
misses Patrick Warburton tick you lose
got a cult following really yeah the
only tick that matters is he's got a
he's gay he has a wonderful name the
original tick voice actor is oh we've
talked about this before that show was
great the animated tick the animated
tick is great the tick oh come on
who's got it who's got his name so cruel
Jack after after animated tick towns and
Coleman yes what an amazing name after
Townsend Coleman Patrick Warburton is
nothing he's a chump I'm gonna be honest
yeah I haven't seen the Patrick
Warburton tag I haven't even seen it
I like Patrick Warburton oh sure he's
fine he's nothing nothing compared to
the cartoon tick how do I then I can say
with 100% certainty that I love the
animated tick yes
animated tick is can I not go up
this is weird
yeah yeah animated tick is where it's at
Benedict cumbers Townsend Coleman are we
gonna get deflator Mouse in the new
Amazon tick an american-made well in in
these series they did they did Batman
well yeah and that was funny yes we we
will get a we will get a mock brooding
superhero you need one will it be
another like deflator Mouse was the
animated series yeah who's the Batman
knock off and then Batman well I the
other live-action yes we gonna get a
third variation there they gonna go
either back to Batman well
if I remember correctly in the comics it
will it started off as Batman well yeah
but then for legal reasons they had to
change it to deflate oh really
in the cartoon they were they were
really worried about being sued didn't
they change American made to what was
she in the comics I don't know which was
in the comics but I know the live-action
wasn't she was an American made why she
wasn't maybe she was like Captain
Liberty or something like that yeah yeah
yeah I think you know what I think
you're right
cuz American made that's some clever
shit yeah she was great
that's an excellent pun yes yes no she
was great but I know like further DVD
releases of the TIC animated series they
left out their omnipotence episode the
one where you know they're Galactus
forefather yeah
not because they not because Marvel said
they couldn't but just because they were
worried they were gonna get so yeah yeah
by marvel I don't know why go up can I
go up from here
hello can i nope okay sooo it's a parody
you do realize that back before Disney
owned Marvel that Disney threatened to
sue Marvel over Howard the Duck is it
true that's very true
that's great they made them change the
way that Howard the Duck was drawn Steve
Gerber was was pissed when the years
later he you know yeah I know you know
anything about Steve Gerber mmm he
originally created Howard the Duck okay
I guess it was something very personal
to him because he did some weird
political trippy shit in Howard the Duck
comics Howard that comics are actually
kind of fun okay
and then they Steve Gerber and Marvel
had a big falling out and Gerber tried
to sue Marvel to get control of Howard
the Duck mm-hmm I did work out for him
in the end and then like decades that
was that was like 70s late 70s and then
like early 2000s they managed to lure
Steve Gerber back to do a holodeck
miniseries and he was pissed when he
found out that they couldn't draw Howard
the Duck like Howard the Duck because of
the Disney lawsuit stipulated that he
could not be drawn to look so much like
down a duck interesting that's why
that's why in the Steve Gerber mm how
are the Beck series yeah Howard turned
into a mouse
it was his way of saying fuck you
Oh
now
I'm not doing great not doing great
what no no no no you dick
yes I know Steve Gerber stole Howard the
Duck back but that's a whole other story
big fun to look into if you don't know
the story I don't know that I could have
justice explaining it oh you know I
think that someone someone has a good
has a good retelling of that story you
see actually familiar with it
yes that's Steve Gerber and Eric Larsen
conspired steal Howard the Duck back
from Marvel I think that s F de bris who
is a who has like a series on the
history of Marvel and Comics and what
yeah had a little section in there about
about stealing Howard the Duck back all
right if you can find that they will
probably do a better job of explaining
it than I can but basically SF de bris
in in the 90s right around the same time
Steve Gerber was was writing some kind
of Howard the Duck Spiderman crossover
for Marvel I was like when their
relationship was starting to get a
little bit better Steve Gerber and
Marvel say he was writing a Howard the
doctor team-up with spider-man ok and at
the same time he was doing something for
Eric Larsen they're working on a
different book okay and they had the
bright idea to have these two different
books he was writing crossover into each
other like they were doing some guys
spider-man clone story cuz I was during
the Clone Saga okay how are the doctor
then Eric Larsen was doing some kind of
story with him I mean what if what if
all of these characters in these two
unrelated miniseries I'll bump into the
same dark room and then they use that as
an excuse to kidnap Howard the Duck in
the Eric Larson combat comic yes it was
a clone of Howard the Duck in the Marvel
1 they replaced him with a clone so yeah
they have the real Howard the Duck yeah
yes
oh yeah I'm doing a terrible job of
explaining it I'm with you
and it's a terribly fun story
look look I'm somebody more talented you
tell that that story just leave right
now it's fine there's something doing
this when you get back
as I actually read the that if issue we
did with the Savage Dragon like before
ie I'd heard about this like did they
just kidnap Howard the Duck that Steve
Gerber just steal back Howard the Duck
that's amazing uh-huh that's great
but a baby did it alright great
wait doing great doing great everybody
everybody's doing great we're having a
great time I don't necessarily know
where I'm going but you know Suri Chen
says hi jack
besides Resident Evil 4 & 7 have you
played any others re 6 is straight up
action schlock like extreme re 4 so I
find it hilarious in a co-op - whatever
you have time for plays sessions again
time I remember having time I have
played the original Resident Evil and
you know mostly mostly hated it because
you know the the the locked camera angle
the slow pace I couldn't couldn't kill
the things I wanted to kill there's lots
of reasons I did not oh shit you know
like probably the exact same reasons why
everyone loved Resident Evil are the
reason that I did not
well there are councils did rich add
horror games as game he would not play
regardless of recommendations along with
RTS and JRPG yet that's wrong it's wrong
to have taste it's it's morally wrong
you know there if you're into horror
games it's great that's fine
congratulations look that depends upon I
would say that depends upon up the
horror game is actually a decent stealth
game I'm not a half a stealth game or
whether it's all just atmosphere
atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere a lot
of them are atmosphere I won't shut the
door completely I don't know I didn't
even play Resident Evil 7 I was just
looking at it now I'll say it looked
boring to me but I didn't play it just
being snarky while you were playing it
yep you sure were
you sure were rich
sure were in that that snark is what got
you in trouble war and now this I'm not
reading that
great great mr. bubbles mister mister
Bob black sobs mr. Bob black fox mr. mr.
Bob blacks Bob's bok-bok-bok is my
friend mailed you the comics she made
just wondering if you had time to read
it it's the one that's about a female
superhero who uses her orgasms to kill
me that's it's named off girl
so Potts I thought that was I think you
said that was the dream of TK come
remember ticket well he dreamers he
can't wrote us the note oh I think so I
assumed it was his come on he said he
wrote it off girl we have it I just got
it today because I just came in today
just got it tonight I will read it I
will I will read it you know just not at
the moment
double iron
at double iron that's great mark mark
mark mark we got it bah blah blah
Oh
oh oh oh I died for reals
gotta make a dance that's cute
dude this is cute yeah she's not as bad
at this the intro with with uncle death
is obnoxious hey bro
you're totally in the hell zone now dude
I hate it I don't want to buy your
insurance really I don't I didn't have
anything special so now my corpse okay
walks around
I assumed this would just be you quit
the game now no now my corpse walks
around and I start with a new corpse and
I lose any money that I gathered any
weapons and my stick okay so there's
where it's like a dark there's where
it's like your Dark Souls I think I can
go back and find my body and kill my
body so I'm such a kid well I'm still
playing I just didn't I I just have to
start over now I have to pick a new
person so now you're on level 1 oh maybe
really I don't know I don't know how it
works I'm about to find out how it works
how's it going it's always awesome over
here fighter freezer who's this your own
characters dead I'm assuming your new
character Salvage requests I won standby
I don't know jack I have not played this
game okay gruff McMillan Terry says good
evening Richard Jack found movie you
guys might like raw force also known as
kung fu' cannibals nazi zombies
gratuitous nudity and a full conscious
and walking around Cameron Mitchell Roth
force that sounds familiar
do we have it raw force yeah sounds very
familiar it sounds familiar it might
have that on her shelves might blow
Darkon says I would rather have rich
play a game he enjoys that a game he
explicably stated that he probably won't
enjoy since you said rich thirty minutes
ago that you aren't into those games
you know we're gonna be playing as a
character running around in their
underwear I think I'd go with the girl
you know yeah yeah
do you like oh yeah you pick whoever you
like you like someone looks a little bit
different okay we'll go Nubian
that might be racist Nubian what do you
think I want to just read the next step
great madam says horror games only
appeal to someone that can be scared
and nothing is scary to those who have
accepted the heat death of the universe
so very true death John says rich
thinking about diving into XCOM for the
first time ever this weekend I've had
enemy unknown for a few years now but
never plated steam sales any general
pointers for a noob X come no shame and
playing on normal your first time
through absolutely learn the mechanics
ya learn the mechanics like I don't know
there's any great advice I'd give for
normal because I don't think normal is
that punishing yeah all said and done I
will say if you ever try to move up from
normal to the higher difficulties you
will learn very quick the importance of
good cover good cover good cover that's
more of a jumping to a higher difficulty
tip than I'd playing the game for the
first time tip mmm but most important
thing to learn from going from normal to
a higher difficulty is that that that
that half cover those half shield covers
and work shit alright if you're if
you're stuck with just half cover
hunkering down which when you're playing
on normal you think what's the what's
the point of this
it actually is useful
oh god this music sucks to get out of
here I will just go I'm just gonna go to
the first floor here getting get my get
my legs I'm still having trouble
figuring out the best cover that's tough
I'm not yeah I got a sweet trenchcoat
the best cover is Veruca Salt actually
there's a very good cover of my sharona
that takes the tempo down yeah yeah I
like that yeah that's a good one I can
also recommend rogue waves everyday
their cover of Buddy Holly's everyday
rogue wave does an amazing cover of
every day that's actually something I
forget to talk about all the time people
always ask us like best video game
soundtracks have you ever heard the
Stubbs the zombie video game soundtrack
no I have not heard that it's on track
it's all like covers of old 50s and 60s
songs yes bye bye at the time modern
artists really good stuff rogue wave
does everyday Ben Kweller does lollipop
you know stops the zombie good I've
never played that I've never played it
either doesn't seem I don't know all I
know is it was famous at the time
because like it was made by halo
developers in the height of halo and so
it got it got pretty famous at the time
the resource on here
but really good soundtrack someone does
a cover of my boyfriend's back that's
pretty rockin Tony Hawk and Brand Theft
Auto games had the best soundtracks oh
fuck yeah I I probably have the
soundtracks at Tony Hawk the first Tony
Hawk game burned into my brain is it is
it kind of cheating what it's not
original music well these are sound
tracks that's scores okay there's okay
there's a very big difference between
soundtracks and scores
that's a sure point so
san andreas might have to win at them I
remember there being a lot of good stuff
well my city's good good games no oh man
I like the first that first Tony Hawk
game or the first time I heard that
primus like the profit that Jerry was a
race car driver
I've never played any of them so you've
never played him nope
fucking hell we are playing the first
Tony Hawk game I was obsessed with that
game rich Evans that's fun you have no
idea how much we were obsessed with that
game me me and my friends at the time
what about Crazy Taxi a little bit
offspring in there yeah I don't know
much about the Crazy Taxi soundtrack
it's basically just the offspring well
then take it or leave it
I know I haven't been thrilled by this
the soundtracks and the more recent
grand theft auto's 405 oh yeah
especially for I couldn't find a single
frickin song I like them for
wait and we've got a weapon now feeling
good about this feeling good about this
mic mr. Bob blocks bob says why isn't
there an ikea third person fighter game
are you run around in Ikea and have to
put weapons together out of furniture to
fight a zombie invasion because all of
the furniture would fall apart minutes
after you built it because that's kind
of Dead Rising 2 kind of beat that to
the punch Dead Rising 2 had the wacky
slapped together weapons oh ok you like
hook a car battery up to a guitar you
get a electric shooting guitar I got
kind of stuff yeah yeah yeah
anonymous ins hey rich Cohan exile is
just came out and I'm sure it would make
a great stream based off of Conan the
Barbarian it's like skyrim and
Helldivers but mainly there is a slider
for genital physics yes I've seen all of
the Jennifer I've heard about that I've
not seen it it's still an early access
conan exhales wait til it's done before
we touch it I know it's one of those it
looks like one of those things that
almost the other one that was just
forever in early access like Daisy you
know like it's a multiplayer thing yeah
it's got the Conan branding to it
there's dicks everywhere here's here's
my question about the Conan exiles yeah
Conan exiles yeah then yeah that that
MMO that Conan agent Hyborian or
whatever it was called
there was a Conan okay do they ever make
fucking Conan games where you get to
play as cone ham no because they're
interested in the multiplayer space and
then that you can't all be Conan
how about just a good singleplayer Conan
gamer no money in that man no money in
that they need a multiplayer game where
they can charge you it's all about
subscription services now they need a
monthly fee
you can sneak up on people
like a who stood in bodyslam it's pretty
awesome they made a God of War Conan
knockoff game years ago okay
as I played Yakuza's your eye I have not
know I haven't even heard of it until
last stream yeah we have not played the
aku's is zero I don't you know I'm not
super excited about the Yakuza extended
universe I don't know if I played any of
the Yakuza games be quite honest with
you it will say they're good brawlers
yeah yeah
oh well then well I guess we'll have to
play it I guess we'll have to play it
shit I know
Dennis Villa God I can't pronounce names
Ocala Nuvi nu nu v IL e nu IV
Vela new Villa new fella new directing
the new doom yes yeah oh yes yes
so the do we know what else has he done
you you are an idiot because you still
haven't seen a rival
and he's also directing the new Blade
Runner okay and so okay he's gonna go
from a rival to Blade Runner to dune
that's an interesting this is a man who
wants to make sci-fi movies for that
yeah and so with how good a rival is I'm
excited about both what you know will
really see after after Blade Runner
comes out after his Blade Runner comes
out but I'm very excited about that news
rich would be too if you saw a rival
as parents we wanted to see a movie the
other day she want to see hidden figures
what do you want me to do what do you
want me to do supposed to see hidden
figures - did you see it No
I was too busy here yesterday she wanted
to go last time but I was too busy here
last night
so we didn't have time and tonight we're
doing this oh yeah no I just like like
basically you just threw carrot under
the bus like Nick's hair yeah I wanted
to see arrival but Karen wanted to see
hidden figures oh you saw hidden figures
no we ended up just not seeing anything
yeah I got a lot to do here
Scherzer I'm with you I guess
yeah so yeah you need to see arrival and
it's a great movie and the director did
what's his fuck is doing Blade Runner so
all good things good things are
happening good things are happening rich
is the moral of the story all good
things are happening
oh nice outfit yeah I like this trench
coat well I get I got a little gas mask
thing I could use some pants not gonna
lie but so what's the story are you dead
or something or what's what's the deal I
don't really know the the what I came in
on you know that train with all the
bodies yeah that's what I came in on
okay so I think I'm dead and people keep
calling this hell yeah so I assume I
don't really think there is a story
Goga I don't think there's anything
greater than you know these are the
images we're gonna give you so you fight
beep-beep-beep beebeep beebeep
my man is the greatest movie way better
than boy I don't believe you because I
didn't people's people now know about a
handful of people who did math the
rocket yeah it's it's a it's a biopic
but I hear it's good and it's an
interesting subject matter you know
mathematicians and and going to the moon
or some shit it's great looks great buzz
it's getting all sorts of buzz also it
was a very profitable movie for not
being in a lot of theaters that was a
big story box-office wise is they did
not put it in many theaters but it was
just sold out show after sold-out show
people wanted to see it and the studio's
didn't think anyone would want to see it
so that's nice okay and then it got a
bunch of Oscar nods and so all good
things I guess
come here man go ahead there is a story
you just ignored it like always I played
it on my own and I still know I didn't
even get to see it I'm gonna ignore it
we started from Jack's game oh no and
I'm telling I'm telling them I was
paying attention when I watched all the
intro stuff maybe I guess you know no
you know what happens when we watch
interest on one skip it skip it skip it
skip it skip it skip it skip the water
skip it skip it skip it boring skip it
skip it yeah
we just can't fucking win never we can
never win rich we can never ever win
moonlight is very good moonlight is fine
it just wasn't my thing
just was not my thing not my kind of
movie moonlight I don't like the slice
of life no real story it's all about
characters I like a story
it's great bonuses denis villeneuve
pronunciation guide done evil love dem
evil no didn't even of okay
I assumed I assumed French oh you lose
all your decals - okay let's see here my
mosquito one didn't seem to do me very
good
going to jerk just say moonlight didn't
have character it was all character yeah
that's in fact that's what I said other
so I saw you didn't see me no no I saw
moonlight and it's not my kind of movie
because it doesn't have much of a story
it's all character is actually what I
said and so like it's it's that kind of
like slice of life like we're just going
to you know watch this character and and
this time is life in this time life and
dude there's kind of a story but it's
very arty and it's not arty where I like
arty I'm more like like I'm super into
like cinematography and so if it's like
an arty as fuck movie and it's all about
like camera placement and lighting hmm
I'm all about it but this was all acting
and that's not my thing really
they had one little part of moonlight
for anyone who's odd this is no spoilers
they had one little part of moonlight
where we're like the character that
we're following mom is angry and there's
this really harsh purple lighting coming
out of the mom's room and it was this
super unique shot that had no meaning or
payoff and the rest of moonlight like
there wasn't like a purple theme with
the mom or anything like that okay
so that's that's the kind of arty stuff
I like this was all acting and the
acting was great just not my kind of
thing
oh that's what we want that's what we
want
Damona apparently leave me alone
mushroom lady oh no I don't want a
premium decal so you're loving leveling
up from scratch with a new character yes
the new character you start all the way
from scratch that sounds horrible um
kind of but is there an end point I
don't know that is a good question okay
also I don't know where to go now
because before I was on the fourth floor
but that just took me to a store so I
assume there's an alternate route on the
third floor that's what we're gonna find
out
have you seen Manchester by the sea I
have not seen Manchester fancies I don't
even know I don't even know what that
was about like you said you're a fan of
musicals what are some of your favorite
I mean all the Disney's I like all the
Disney's I've been looking at since lala
land came out I heard of another musical
called
across the universe that looks really
neat really surreal dancer the dark
is is a beautiful little musical all the
clap you know the classics yeah singing
in the rain you still have access to
weapons skills and Bank items oh that's
good
look they fight each other sir skill
tree there is um like branching facet
take better defense like that kind of
thing though no there's like strength
dexterity back I'll just let them finish
each other off tiny turnip says I would
prefer to not have Harrison Ford
starring in Blade Runner 20 49 as I am
worried that his reappearance will fuck
up the ambiguous ending to the first
Blade Runner
hopefully it's part time gotta fight him
again is he been confirmed to be in it
yeah yeah you can only hope they kind of
deal with that right so Dec is not a
robot it's there you go settle had a
robot everybody go home he's not a robot
wake it up with that speculation for no
reason he's a human everybody
well so is their stamina gauge I feel
like I never know what my stamina is at
any given time you know blood-borne you
get that little bar that's nice I never
see anything for when I do flips and
shit
deadly Scott confirmed Deckard was a
replicant well apparently he's wrong
Ridley Scott's idea has been proven
wrong as Harrison Ford is showing up in
the film as an old man not as a robot
who would have died 25 years ago this
could be his final days Israel so long
jack right but we don't along we don't
know when this takes place not a robot
everybody we don't know if this takes
place you know just two years after
humanity wins yet again papers show you
calling them as well it's just a
coincidence I'm sorry sorry
that's one of those things where I think
the ambiguity is better than actually
having an answer absolutely because the
answer to that question that's that's
not important right by the way I'm
working under percent taking potshots
taking potshots
thinking about jet Harrison Ford
supposed to be a robot and Blade Runner
it's supposed to be implied the eighth
one it's like I don't know at least at
least half of the 800 directors cuts one
of the 800 right
as always my problem like Blade Runner
and like Brazil and you know like just
too much shit that's the question which
of the 800 directors cuts will this film
be a sequel fantastic question
for the record I'm kind of with Jay in
regards to the Blade Runner it's kind of
boring
it's visually beautiful kind of luring
it your madman it's beautiful you yeah
it's beautiful but boring things aren't
mutually exclusive remember me talking
about like love and cinematography like
yeah the Blade Runner
Winterfest
didn't read it plants K what's your
thoughts in plants game torment one head
and played planet scape to Herman I know
nothing about the story or the game I
don't know what he's what are you even
talking about what you take on planet
scape torment main question of the game
what can change the nature of a man oh
that sounds like a big load of bullshit
sounds like a fuck-boy can change the
nature of man or not probably chemicals
yeah you can turn somebody into a
psychopath of chemicals I think you can
take away their depression with
chemicals yeah all sorts of chemicals
can change your nature you know what
even just circumstances could change the
nature of a man chemicals could make you
horny chemicals can make you not horny
but missiles can can make you less
fidgety yet they can make you
concentrate I'm just saying like even
just put a man in a box for like two
years that'll change his nature
that'll change this nature right up
I'll frickin really did we start
streaming the night around 6:00 a little
after 6:00 I wanted to start around 6:00
then we ended up actually starting at
like 6:15 we're planning on streaming
early on the Superbowl Sundays yes that
is the plan for the moment so people can
watch the Super Bowls look I get to be
Breaking Bad yeah we're gonna we're
gonna try to start around 1 o'clock
Central Time
Super Bowl Sunday which is next Sunday
apparently so get hip to it and get hip
to it
lordy act says guys did you hear that
Mike is no longer directing the next
blanket review Zack Snyder's going to be
in charge with David Goyer on script I'm
sure it'll still be good though rlm is
doing fine yeah what jokes these are the
jokes yeah okay that's pretty good dude
this Sunday not next whatever Christ
well no Sony's next week it's always
next week Sunday right the next Sunday
people
what I'm saying is though can you ever
say this Sunday Sunday is always next
week oh sure I'm with you yeah that's an
excellent point that's an excellent
point rich is this thing that says Blade
Runner is not boring and pineapple pizza
is amazing you're you're right half of
the time here people whoever said that
you're wrong all of the time
and what did that accomplish well what
the fuck did that accomplish
eat the Frog
Wow
now
motherfucker better fucker
motherfucker rich I'm sorry why are you
saying motherfucker I kept hitting me
with this thing he's a bad guy it's what
he does hit me with this hammer thing
and it made me hurt I'm gonna eat a frog
that'll make me feel better
so I wonder how bad the script is the
Batman solo movie that caused Affleck to
say yeah
or was it like Snyder interference when
we got hit this stupid thing and that
stupid thing he's gotta kill the people
of Snyder's in charge of the whole
universe I know oh yeah it really it
could just be even even just suits like
that he started having meeting with the
suits yeah and and they were like okay
this is what we need to do we need to do
this we need to make sure you know this
gets in because we need a new toy so you
gotta get a new toy yeah and then we
need you know also batgirls got to be in
it and also this wasn't gotta be in it
and then he just goes nope because he's
a big enough deal where he can say no
you know it'll go you know what guys
here's what I want to tell you uh it was
a really fun being Batman really glad I
get to be Batman cross that off the old
Ben Affleck bucket list but I'm not
putting my name on this shit okay
apparently he just hears me
oh this might have been the thing that
killed me before I check the Lego Batman
movie will probably be fun
oh speaking of yeah speaking of the Lego
Batman movie someone sent me a little
clip of an advertisement playing for the
Lego Batman movie now and apparently
they are pushing once again they are
pushing the Batman loves Batgirl yep
deal I don't really care in the Lego
verse1 that that too in the Lego verse
there's no I don't believe there's a
Batman Jim Gordon relationship and also
they don't know each other in the lego
universe so there's no like weird
paternal cat mentor-mentee thing also
she seems to be you know an adult they
meet as two adults not as an adult and a
child so I'm gonna go ahead and be okay
with with Batman trying to date Batgirl
in the lego verse
but yeah apparently that's a big part of
the Lego Batman movie is uh she's a
police officer it looks like and nobody
knows debater where that that that
well it looks like you got a pretty slow
weapon there Missy death John says for
both of you of all the rlm projects and
I guess non-aligned projects yeah
what are you the most proud of and which
one is your personal favorite I'll
surrender you excited about baseball
season I'm sure I'll enjoy baseball
season I wouldn't say I'm excited as far
as projects I'm most I would ever yeah I
don't know it's very difficult to watch
anything I have acted it it's very
difficult for me to do that uh-huh so
probably best of the worst because
that's just big chatting I'm not acting
and I can watch myself that best of the
worst Jack all the things you have
worked on in your life what are you most
about it oh man there's so many you know
what I like this might be silly but I
really like cock gun which might be
silly to say but like that was a that
was a pretty ambitious project for me
which is cock gun yeah it's it's the one
featuring the special agent who has a
cock a gun on his cock and it's a little
short I did and it was something very
different than stuff I normally do and
and it was a joke that I wanted to make
and I think it turned out relatively
good not perfect but I think it turned
out pretty well I I still think you
should have done a sequel second cock
gun to cock harder we can do a sequel at
any time actually I was just talking
with the actor who played shotgun yep
yeah
patent Beck was the actor who played
Kaka just talking at him we met up and
hung out a little bit I lied so that the
pass me a beer series is a is always a
career highlight for me as like even
just today once again one of the gifts
ended up on the front page of Reddit
yeah it just happens all the time and
it's like I created something with the
intent of it being shared often yeah and
it continues to be shared often and so
it's like professionally it was a
success it's professionally there was a
big success trying to think I've got
other I've got other thing like I like a
lot of my stuff mostly because I'm
incredibly narcissistic mm-hmm so it's
just like who I made that but you know
there's a lot of little projects that I
like for very different reasons you know
you know like oh here's that here's a
band I shot live and I really like how
the camera work you know see for me I'm
usually on camera for a lot of these
things acting that are very so very hard
for me to watch oh man yeah I can only
imagine I can only imagine oh I'll be
proud of some kind of joke I came up
with might not have been one I delivered
hahaha yeah those are usually more fun
aren't ya here's a bit I came up with
yeah I'm with you I'm with you there
James Lu cases had a dream with Michael
Keaton's comeback in two films that we
got a sequel to Batman Returns with
Keaton is an older Batman like the
return of the Dark Knight also shot that
Gothic style
I want hmm I don't want another Batman
in Tim Burton style
no no not even like a Michael Keaton
returning just nope old Batman nope nope
I it's been a while since I've seen the
Tim Burton Batman yeah but I can only
guess that it has not aged particularly
well I don't think the original has know
well what would what struck me last time
I watched 1989 Batman yeah just how
awful the costume looks it looks like
he's wearing a rubber piece of shit and
like I remember the time here they spent
like a hundred thousand dollars in the
kind two hundred thousand five hundred
thousand dollars in the costume that
looks like a rubber piece of shit
uh yeah yeah no I want I want Nicholson
is brilliant Nicholson is Nicholson and
not so much the Joker he's Jack
Nicholson playing the Joker but the Jack
Nicholson part of that equation really
stands out like a sore thumb which works
by the way it works as gangster Joker
okay I I think I think Nicholson
Nicholson's Joker works he's too big a
personality to be playing a different
famous personality Nicholson Joker lot
as far as live action Joker's are
concerned mmm-hmm here's one below Cesar
Romero who for what it was for camp for
campy Joker Cesar Romero Joker's pretty
good here's I think Nicholson did what
he tried to accomplish with the Joker
which I I know it might be like faint
phrase but
but that kind of gangster manic behavior
no no like remember the part where we're
he's going on he's trying to go on the
date with Vicki Vale and she sprays
water in his face and he starts doing
the I'm melting I'm melting
it's terrible saying that's great that's
great
Hamel Hamill's the Hamill's number Hamel
boom ledger arguably Cesar Romero I mean
it's hard it's hard to compare because
it is a different thing because they're
doing different things but Cesar Romero
I put an example he he went he went big
with it when he needed to go big with it
that was that he made the right call he
made the right call no Nicholson's Joker
was great I I want a little more that's
not saying any of them are bad right
just arbitrarily ranking them right I
want and this is gonna sound silly him
yeah Hamel was just a voice come on
Hamel is the voice the voice I wanted to
make sure I was quiet so that's sunk in
forever
sorry sorry interrupted no no that was
that I wanted you sang Hamill's The
Voice to just make sure everyone heard
that when I when someone says the Joker
my default Joker is Batman the Animated
Series yeah 100 percent and the Joker of
my childhood was Cesar Romero by the way
oh okay interesting interesting
by the time Batman the Animated Series
came out I was getting ready to go into
high school that was around like 91
right oh I don't know exactly was a
little bit older than child okay Cesar
Romero was really the Joker of my
childhood okay okay okay so this might
sound a little strange yeah and I don't
want this I don't want this to be taken
the wrong way but for a long time they
were trying to go dark gritty Batman huh
and I think people were concentrating a
little too hard on the dark and gritty
and not concentrating on the realistic
side yeah I would like a more
down-to-earth Batman we've gotten a
little nuts with the gadgets don't you
think yeah he's got new shit every movie
every TV show every cartoon give Batman
a grapple hook and some batarangs and
nothing else yeah that's what I need
that's what I need out of Batman we got
a we got to learn how to scale back a
little bit check the 66 Batman show was
on reruns like all the fucking time how
are they trying to say that you're very
old
back when people still watch TV like it
was common to see reruns and things yes
before they had a 24/7 Batman channel
you had to watch him on the reruns
all right so anything else say about
that about Batman yeah no it just just
that and it's it's a Batman we're never
going to get III wanna you know like I
want people to think about like what
they did with Captain America mm-hm
Captain America is such a simple movie
and I know in the comic books captain
I'm sure has had a million gadgets or
cars or whatever but they decided to
two-tone him down and I think it works I
know this would you like just say like a
year one Batman like like the actual
comic you're one more so than the movie
yes
yes I really would like that then again
they did have the whole Sonic bat thing
attracted the bats when I needed the
cover of Batman from begin from from
from the comic you're one they use that
one they want outlandish gang at the
gadget they used that in Batman Begins
oh oh do they yeah I remember
today when he's rescuing Rachel from the
from the basement of the whatever oh
this is don't you mean Dark Knight from
Batman Begins I don't even remember
there may be dirt no no Batman Begins
cuz he was going after yeah they used it
in betting runes okay I know what that
place is that place is danger zone don't
want to go there apparently there's an
alternative I'm looking for where the
purple thing takes me I want to find
another level
oh wait here no that's the elevator
someone in the chair saying Batman here
one was mad
wow it's your opinion I your one's one
of my favorite Batman stories because
it's just got a down-to-earth simple and
and that's what I feel there's no
there's no like comical super villain
with a this insane plot just haze Batman
know what I'm gonna fight some mobsters
and I'm gonna get established in this
town that's what I think we need you
know what get even give him like give
him a
black mask you know like give it up yeah
give them a main villain not not the
Joker god damn it not the Joker everyone
I'm just making sure the universe hears
me say god damn it not the Joker yeah no
but you know give him give him a main
villain let him fight some criminals
Catwoman being a prostitute is so Frank
Miller though yeah Frank Miller is
fucking obsessed with prostitutes
I wonder well he doesn't even betray
them in a negative light though he's
just obsessed with prostitutes they're
the only women that will touch him
they're always they're always like tough
and able to handle themselves so he
doesn't look down on prostitutes they
just show up all over his work you know
you know what they say rich right what
you know right
Jack you are talking Netflix daredevil
yes I'm talking Netflix daredevil
I like Netflix daredevil I want a Batman
like Netflix daredevil can't you just
have Netflix daredevil I have a Netflix
daredevil already when I see your greedy
J well here's what I'm saying rich you
know they're gonna make another Batman
yeah of course they're gonna make
another Batman and I have no say in what
kind of Batman they make but if I did
get to choose I would say tone it the
fuck down I don't I don't get to choose
by the way but if I did that's what I'd
say
maybe he was a prostitute no I just
think he goes to a lot of prostitutes
lordi access rich
are you excited that soon a fifty one
might be making a new No More Heroes
force which what do you think it's gonna
be at another game where he's just a
producer and it's kind of forgettable my
position is we need to see a lot more we
got one hint and one screenshot of of
artwork that's not actual game footage
there's this is not much to go on other
than a tease it's hard to say anything
yeah we have very little information
very little information as far as the
suit of 50 I mean we have little
information on the switch still sorry
chances random question of the day yep
during plink it eats did the bacon
butter cheeseburgers taste good I know
it's supposed to be gross but I'm not
gonna lie I was super hungry when I
first saw that well I didn't necessarily
eat them I'm gonna shout her to where I
took the butter ones and just had him in
my mouth for a bit haha there was a
giant spit bucket under the table and
then we had a whole bunch of like just
normal cheeseburgers I actually did eat
some of those but it wasn't the pig out
it looked like movies yeah moviemaking
Biggles good fuckin under the table one
of the most important pieces of gear
that you will come across
when doing anything with food death John
says rich let me rephrase that I'm going
to purchase some rlm content soon
what should I spend my money on um I'll
say this because it's not me acting so I
can legitimately appreciate it myself
okay guerrilla interrupted which I
believe you can still get digitally I
don't think we have physical copies
anymore
you might wanna double-check that at the
website but I think we're out the
documentary on the making of all I think
is legitimately good talks a lot about
the early days of rln behind the scenes
stop how not to make a movie oh yeah yep
oh the making of guerrilla interrupting
fantastic documentary how not to make a
movie worth worth it they should they
should sell that separate it's so good
I'm not saying I don't like space cop
I'm saying I can't watch myself in it
because I'm acting in it anything I've
acted in it's very it makes me very
self-conscious so watch myself acting in
something
and space cop is like 90% me on camera
right and for that reason it's a very
it's a very hard movie for me to look at
objectively
like everything I'm ever in acting on
camera I just watch the thing I'm so
terrible oh I'm so terrible oh I'm so
terrible why did I ever act on camera
right other people seem to like it but I
look at it I'm like oh I'm so terrible
oh god that's awful
can i watch gorilla interrupted no I
cannot watch gorilla interrupted I'm
talking about the documentary about of
that which is fun oh yeah get gorilla
interrupted just for that documentary I
mean watch gorilla interrupted - that's
fun - but yeah sure but oh man how not
to make a movie there's some good
old-fashioned fun right there
hope you're stuck
was the space cop alien spaceship just
the back of a Millennium Falcon no no
well you're talking about the alien
mothership that was built out of - those
little like dome-shaped sleds that were
glued together a lot of model parts and
shit glued that Oh like yeah like saucer
sled yeah yeah yeah those little saucer
slides glued together uh-huh
with we just added crap to it
yeah just glued crap to it model kits
for like maritime ships and airplanes
you just take a little pieces out
they're supposed to look like gears or
engines or antennas to the top
I drilled some holes for Windows
yeah this is a great breeding feeding
frenzy versus space cop Jack do you have
a choice I have to watch one sure what
would you what would you recommend of
the two um good question
fair question I'm in feeding frenzy of
us it's easier for me to watch only
because I'm in it less yet again I
cringe whatever I'm on screen right I
say space guy look up if we're choosing
purely those two space captain I think
space cop is more fun but then you don't
get then you don't get the our love is
in love song which is you know obviously
makes all of feeding frenzy so you know
choose wisely tough decision it's a
tough decision alarms Anonymous's
Richard Jack what is your favorite DC
movie from any verse going back to
Superman the movie why also I kick for
you kick what are you probably Dark
Knight Returns or not Dark Knight
Returns just Dark Knight Dark Knight
yeah pleasure it's a very fun
performance oh yeah that's great and
that would be the y know also like it's
a very that's I I think I've called that
one like the most Batman II Batman movie
that there ever is because Batman
actually like does detective work in it
you know yeah but I still hate Christian
Bale's Batman fair enough fair enough
that voice he does why God why did they
let him do that
where are you a monster
recho why why did they let him I don't
fucking know
I know can you help me read some
gobbledygook says Jack calmly goes why
so serious just came back around perfect
timing
great time you know um 1dc movie to
watch favorite DC movie those are those
original Superman's there's a lot to say
about those mr. Bob done sorry and you
know even the later Superman movies
where is that when they got like Canon
and schlocky some love for those I'll
tell you what I might choose any of the
original Superman movies over it over
any of the modern stuff just because
mist algae and fun factor mr. Bob blocks
bob says what might have been cool if
they had started the DC Cinematic
Universe with Batman Begins no because
Christian Bale sucks his Batman and then
your Joker is dead I know you're stuck
with Jared Leto now but you'd be no
better off with Batman Begins you
wouldn't have Ben Affleck as Batman
baths like as Batman you'd be stuck with
Kristen Bell
but actually like Affleck is Batman yeah
Affleck Bevans fun fun Batman too bad he
won't get to use any of his writing or
directing chops
I guess they blew it I still haven't
seen Suicide Squad I probably won't be
fun apparently they blew it with the new
Joker but at least you weren't fucked
with Heath Ledger being dead I'm still
planning on seeing Suicide Squad I also
have not seen it
mm-hmm but I'm planning on seeing it
because I see all those movies and you
know what even if you disagree with me
about Christian Bale sucking his Batman
and he does Oh Chris reel sucks is
Batman then the minute they make Man of
Steel your souls you're still stuck with
this terrible Superman please it's it's
gaining you nothing
what
son of bitch
it move the amount of times you get
stuck in a part of the level is starting
to become unacceptable I will tell you
that GOG on google says wow my third tip
ever like hearing my name
thanks for many hours of entertainment
you're welcome
Gaga googoo googoo gaga gaga perfect
got a gaga
fuck you fuck you bill was a good Wayne
shape Batman
yeah he was an all right Wayne he he did
the fake Wayne but he might have been a
little bit too blatant about it
ha ha ha I don't blame him for that as
much as I blame this bad screenwriting
yeah
like that was just him reading lines but
yeah Bruce Wayne is covered he was you
know
yeah that works but it was so blatant
about it yeah
boom-shaka-laka when I say fake Wayne
I'm specifically talking about I'm
playing up the the playboy careless
millionaire act who's flighty yeah
and doesn't care about anything and
likes the girls but it's all an act
the only problem is when Christian bell
doesn't it's so obvious that he's acting
yeah that nobody would buy it and like I
said I to me that was just a
scriptwriter who wanted to be so on the
nose that it hurt hello Gore but uh so I
don't necessarily blame Bale for that
Keaton was best Bruce Wayne yeah you can
make a very strong argument for that I
still think that's true yes
you know Starkiller's 1633 you don't
mind bill that much well won't even read
them so let's go
how much ever you tell me something I
have a question I have a question about
technology I'm scary why are you
laughing at me
where's Rachel you'll tell me what
lectures I have a prize
okay hold on hold on I'm going to check
my computer my computer my computer was
taken hold on let me talk to my partner
it's the worst it's the worst it's weird
when he's still doing the voice with
people he's not trying to scare right
but I need to talk to you I think I know
there's all the drugs laughing no well
the drugs on the town will go up
hold on my gums flaring up now clapping
how do you know I was Batman Master
Wayne you seem to still be doing the
Batman voice oh no it got stuck mother
women
Master Wayne you're not supposed to call
me Morgan Freeman it's a movie I'm sorry
Morgan Freeman
what if we're like doing is Bruce Wayne
act but he forgot which character is
doing and he started doing Batman with
the girls mr. Wayne is something wrong
I'm sorry mr. Wayne but there's a no
swimming in the fountain policy I just
bought the hotel the line from the hotel
they can do why is Lucius calling him
master because I just started talking
and I know Lucius doesn't call him
master Wayne Alfred in their
subconscious no it's fine it's fine mr.
Wayne you seem to be buying a lot of
mountain climbing gear mr. Wayne Reimer
Morgan Freeman my Batman is getting
dumber
well that's that's the Christian Bale
Batman that's what it goes right and do
that dumb voice yeah automatically a
sign of dumb personality because it
sounds so dumb it well I'm like I'm
putting my tongue on the back of my
bottom teeth so he gets a news that will
help with my bad my voice snagglepuss
raggy
Oh scooby-doo in there that's how you do
that's how you do better well my Scooby
Snacks Reggie knitted it I'm gonna fight
crime because my parents died can you
imagine Christian Bale Batman in the
Justice League movie explaining to the
other superheroes how they have to take
down Darkseid
and just like Wonder Woman going he's
like explaining the whole detailed plot
to everybody like that uh and everyone's
just like could you uh Batman could you
take it down and like we all know we all
know that you're Bruce Wayne cuz you
recruited us could you maybe not do the
Batman yes while you tell us what the
plan is Aquaman Wonder Woman United
actively fast real fast and Wonder
Woman's like look into flash who has
super speed hearing like did you catch
anything
yeah I got nothing i got nothing Wonder
Woman I think we're just supposed to
punch Darkseid okay one-two-three punch
Darkseid
great I'm done okay catch up here catch
up here I'm gonna get to the deaf John
says I need a haircut should I go to the
place that really makes me look good for
$40 or to the cheap place and just look
okay for 20 first of all if the cheap
place is 20 you need to find a better
cheap place but uh because you know what
the cheap place is supposed to be like
eight dollars yeah depends if you're
gonna if you're going out I'm glad you
like my scooby-doo Batman voice if
you're going out like if you know you're
going like maybe out with friends or if
you got like some important job stuff
get the 40 of a dollar haircut you look
real nice for that you go you want you
going out in a date and get that forward
two dollar haircut you gotta you start
off on the right foot you're not
planning on doing anything super
exciting then get the 20
haircut alright so we're done apparently
yeah alright yeah we can hear how do I
get oh you said you were done I'm just
curious if you dun dun dun dun dun
oh I didn't want this one I need to get
out of this menu before I go yeah I mean
I'm done playing we have right here huh
oh right well let me to stop the music
from playing again so we can take this
moment to thank everyone who subscribed
to us during the stream this is the part
where we thank everyone who's subscribed
for doing the shrimp kaise 87 26 fuckin
months in a row Ches 87 says oh hey I
just bought an elgato card I you know we
there was a we had a different we had
the whole pouch for a while for
capturing video game footage and it
never quite worked right for me
the elgato and the elgato capture
software works great all the time I use
it all the time highly recommend it base
9 Wario says got any rlm bottle openers
or got my rlm bottle openers in the mail
today thanks for the quality Chinese
steel you hack frauds nothing but the
best wimzie says exclamation point
exclamation point exclamation point
exclamation point exclamation point
exclamation point that's why the master
20,000 yeah the game has gotten old for
me I've been playing with the time I
played at home and maybe five hours in
yeah kind of done uh where Quinn's
samyak rich where is your bb-8 watch
don't you remember the bb-8 watch it was
in the video you said you were gonna
wear it all the time cuz it looked great
on you almost totally sincere on it
absolutely GS MEMS 0 page X
Oh tour monthly zero I think that's all
that's pronounced Oh left turn only Oh
Oh left turn only Oh or zero left turn
only zero whichever it is is finite this
left turn only but you couldn't get me
yeah yeah zero so thank you dude in 1944
for 25 fucking months in a row the dude
says oh my god I think you said oh my
god never lost it baby never lost it
still got it is Joe Flacco a leap says
happy Groundhog Day Eve tomorrow's
Groundhog's Day 2nd shit man I got a
watch Groundhog Day I mean that's not a
bad thing because it's a good movie but
Irish Maddie won 7-3 jerath Garros says
can't stick around with a stream but i
hope you guys enjoy let it die I love it
it's a little a little let it die it's a
free game mm-hmm I could I could see
like picking this up every once in a
while yeah
it's good the combats decent enemies and
and locations get a little repetitive
I could see picking this up every once
in a while it's fucking free you can't
no like I can't like whoa I'm gonna be
so sad they gave me 5 3 hours of
entertainment so dream sign Master
Kenobi double-oh-seven thirty two
fucking months in a row it says thanks
for keeping on going on evil crash 9 for
me Tiberius Kirk for 17 months in a row
Tiberius Kirk says if I knew you were
coming I'd have baked a cake baked a
cake baked a cake
WTF indeed 21 in fucking months in a row
d.j Kento electric grasshopper fabulous
fier huh
oh so fabulous I'm going to read that
one
don't even touch it I know the power of
editing I'm never gonna touch that name
with a ten-foot pole
you know you don't say that for any
reason when your friend is mic still
awesome oh Erebus and ether ah horrible
glory for 27 fucking months in a row huh
bro Gloria has ever walk into a
completely empty restaurant at
dinnertime two smiling hostesses welcome
you and the air is still no music
playing no sizzle sounds coming from the
kitchen
what's wrong with this place what do the
locals know that I don't
he doesn't funny about a horrible glory
when I was looking for the for the
bassoon line
I was rewatching all the old best of the
worst episodes and if I'm not mistaken I
believe a horrible glory is named after
something I said in my very first best
of the worst
oh I described a movie as a horrible
glory I don't know if that's true or
Hallberg or or if it's just a
coincidence and you happen to have that
username but I was rewatching that
episode like listening for the bassoon
line and I say it was a horrible glory
and I said hey I know a horrible glory
my horrible glory start pretty good I
know that's a great story eraser you
lose Dumbo
no we
mmm just a man probably only what do
they say Oh lol remove my skeleton
rotoscope exes someday maybe I'll get a
fucking 18 more months motherfucker you
know maybe you should talk to Frank
Miller and see if he's got any ladies
that you know are now free too fucking
bad there's your fucking gruff Mick
military thirteen months in a row says
he a 13 months I sure hope there's
nothing to that whole 13 being unlucky
thing wait why are those headlights
heading towards me right now what the
rest of the rest of the message lost I
don't I don't know our tree fucker
I would sorry I just heard the music
that was happening and it distracted me
Tesh gobbledygook s' 30 fucking months
in a row says dirty 30
daddy 30 machine gun fung says been
following our LM for several years now
your crew is a much-needed rest during
the overnight shift at an inner-city
hospital dealing with traumas drug
addicts and child abusers on a nightly
basis I'm sorry machine gun fun it's not
horrible a sub is the least I can do to
pay you back thanks guys hey you know
you do good work you're doing you're
doing the work you're doing the work
here fun fancy bits ice drop white beats
29 fucking months in a row ghost host 9
9 9 says love the stream love you go
sauce in cos e99
says hi fellas hello scuba zero zero
c-3po tato nice nice nice
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do we really do and
I didn't have the mouse right with me so
we can't do a fun ending so I'll just
say goodbye like goodbye
