Episode 042
Superman is Boring!!!
February 22, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8MwmBlTBtI
___________________________________________

huh I read it somewhere a while ago and
it's brilliant
CW Superman is not terrible he's great
action bastard he's great he is super
like you know what he's got a
funny-looking face I'll give you that
I'll give you that his face that's a
little jank but as far as a character is
concerned he is a Superman who you know
I don't know cares about people and
cares about saving people hmm
he's nice to people around him he seemed
like a cool dude he was more a Superman
in his in his maybe five minutes of
screen time and Episode one of Supergirl
he was more of a Superman than than any
of the than all of the Zack Snyder
Superman's than Harvey Cavell oh
whatever his name is Henry Cavill Henry
Cavill
now this this herb man from Supergirl is
is more of a Superman he's legit he's
the Superman that we need but not the
Superman we deserve wait a minute wait a
minute flatline I don't even understand
Rose oh you didn't the Batman we need
Superman we deserve a dark night it's
been a while since I've seen him okay CW
Superman is completely one-dimensional
and boring
welcome to fucking Superman that's what
he is no I'm sorry that I had to yell
into my microphone but you assholes
don't get it that's Superman's whole
dick I'm a good guy I'm a boring voice
down
god fucking damnit I don't know people
are doing it on purpose or they're just
all amen
well well you've you've known our fans
for long enough funny