Episode 049
Under Wrist Over Watch (Part 1)
March 19, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oV8P7LNI6FU
___________________________________________

the dumbest show you don't you don't
think scooby-doo is is a wonderful way
to introduce children to the idea of
skepticism and that you know maybe maybe
there aren't monsters under the closet
maybe there's a rational reason for the
weird supernatural like I will I will be
okay with that argument like if you're
showing someone one episode the second
you watch the second episode which has
the exact same stripper for children
sure I think it's awful and dumb it's a
fine way to teach children get this ISM
the new scooby-doo is all right that no
one actually actually have ghosts though
I don't think so not since not that I've
watched well which new one are we
talking about there's a new one every
couple years a new one unmet for a
mystery Inc eventually goes for real oh
and that was that was upsetting oh I
like to that mystery at first yeah yeah
all right let's see the real monsters
are opinions on Nijo which was that it
was a an okay but overhyped game that
that didn't quite live up to the games
who style they were aping that opinion
this is what everyone boys chat mode
push-to-talk I just turn you off
okay so we should be off for all voice
jets which is what I want great hey hi
everybody
hey so me and neo what the way we ended
that review was really appropriate to me
which is like ads it's fine it's not
it's not as good as the thing it's
blatantly aping because it is blatantly
aping Dark Souls blood-borne but I won't
read our comment somebody said it was
more like ninja gaiden even though that
is a statement that is completely wrong
whoever and you would have to be
mentally handicapped to think that
whoever made that comment that it's more
like Ninja Gaiden than Dark Souls is
they're just the most wrong they're the
most wrong that person could ever be
about anything all right now there was
somebody in our comments in one of her
videos this is not the neo one but now
but just the intellect of some of our
non fans and I know they're being
serious because they're always an
asshole like about me specifically oh it
was insisting that Dawn of War two
actually was just like Helldivers the
kind of point-and-click er TS and the
twin stick shooter oh really yeah
yeah some of the people who watch her
videos are just just really dumb just
really really dumb with you so I'm I had
to readjust all my control so I'm just
in the practice range for a little bit
making sure that I have kind of
everything the way I don't like it
because we just installed this on this
computer here at the studio and my mouse
does feel a little Jack sorry it was
much lower than mine okay well then I
talked jack hey hi I'm Jack the
microphone was not in my face what what
am I know why didn't Jack say something
about we will see something in the
background of the newest prereq saw
nothing we could have met yeah no
nothing was different about this episode
of prereq rich I did I saw I saw one
comment that we finally got a third
camera angle it's something that people
have been asking
for for so long a third the wide camera
and that we didn't have for a long time
mostly um you know like the the reason
we never had a third camera begin with
was because the idea of the show was
something that could be produced
completely outside of Jay and Mike and I
only had two cameras yeah so that's why
we started with take your camera than
the way the sets were designed we just
really couldn't well then we designed
our sets out of only having two cameras
yeah and then so you know that's just
how it went but now you know we we have
more sharing cameras that we all can use
and we're changing up our set a little
bit and let me tell you this rich yeah
editing with a third camera angle
game-changer for me this was a blast
to edit I loved it I loved like you know
even if I didn't need to use the wide
shot to like cut a person talking just
the fact that I could cut to a different
shots that keep the flow of the
conversation going
yeah it was great oh I loved having a
third camera angle something is a little
iffy about my but my mouse movement hold
on we're gonna briefly briefly back to
Nijo Neil let's go all three oh fuck me
oh here's here's ultimately what is
wrong with me oh yeah last night I
played blood-borne yeah why'd you play
blood-borne because I was playing neo no
I just love my blood-borne and just it
just did it better yeah
all right I think I have everything all
right I just want to make sure my my alt
is bot bound correctly great
all right we're great are you are you
ready to get into to this do people know
how to get into a game with you are you
just playing randomly a house
how you doing this Jack um that's a good
question do you guys what you guys most
of you are friends with me I believe but
if you want to play with me let's see if
there's enough people playing oh yeah I
see actually a lot of people started
playing overwatch someone invited me to
a group and I'm sorry I had to say no to
inviting me to a group but let's see
what happens if we just start a game
yeah people are here why did we fill it
without this up this time cuz we want to
use the third camera and we're just
rethinking how we film then yeah the old
set is probably gonna be gone yeah I
really liked how it looked we were
missing from a lighting perspective no
I'm not joining your group I'm sorry
from a lighting perspective we need a
few more things and we need a few things
in here in this room to film future
episodes but I liked it so wait now I
forgot play if we say custom game
can I just add player oh hey
well one person's here already I are
Miller so okay I just had custom game
and like this is what happened let me
change the settings here rule set quick
play map rotation great I'm glad you
like my painted backgrounds I know
they're a little bit janky yeah I don't
look the best starting to fall apart
well and you know what they're difficult
to light setting up and tearing down is
always a huge pain in the butt hey more
people welcome everybody come and join
let's play overwatch together I love
playing overwatch there it's it's a it's
it always takes more time to set up and
tear down the sets than it does to film
the episode yeah yeah and like we're
trying to be quick we really don't we
don't have a designated spot
where it stays up exactly and so we're
trying to we're trying to make this
easier on ourselves get the episodes out
faster make it make it less of a hassle
and I like it III think it looks great
just from a visual standpoint it was
really easy to adjust the lighting do my
color correction I don't I don't know
that the pixel art will will completely
disappear him toying with the thought of
maybe getting something just standing up
behind us but I would like that I think
I would like that I'd almost want to get
like some kind of professional printouts
done though rather than my jakey s
looking hand-painted well and then the
question is how do we stand them up so
they look decent you know like because
we'll see the fans yeah so they're
there's a lot of questions we're gonna
be in every time with it I guess they
they look better on camera but in real
life you can see you or it's pan painted
and the lines aren't always as straight
as I like them to be let's wait for a
couple more people here
if anyone if anyone else wants to jump
in I don't have time to click on your
article about the extra planets but
exoplanets but I have heard they
recently like release like seven they
found that we're not only in the
habitable zone but had like liquid water
mmm-hmm that's exciting that's very
exciting mm-hmm what's the gravity like
that's that's ultimately the question
well and you know we need to we need to
confirm that there's liquid water we
need to confirm that it's habitable that
it even has an atmosphere you know like
right now it's a ton of speculation
don't hold your breath
exactly it's a ton of speculation so
okay apparently oh by the way sorry
apparently if anyone is friends with me
here if you right-click on my name you
can click join game that's what you want
to do chef I have seen the Santa Clarita
Diet at least the first episode yeah
Drew Barrymore's awful I couldn't watch
anymore in the first episode Drew
Barrymore is just the worst I'm sorry I
asked Jay he couldn't get past the first
episode because I was not I was
confirmed I was yeah it's not just me
it's very more terrible yeah
oh okay we need one more person and we
can have a full team one more person who
wants to play with me we're gonna play
overwatch I'll be your friend wait I
want to be your friend but I couldn't
click on you I'm sorry John 1089 says hi
guys rich the beard looks great
spoilers I can't wait for upcoming
Future Force reactions and conversations
have a great night great ok just like 60
forces am I too late
have we talked about the new planets yet
new planets nice final frontier all we
need to do now is invent FTL or at least
F as L travel too bad I'll die before it
happens yep not gonna happen
nice exciting stuff mm-hmm I don't I
don't know much about it yet I had only
just finally just like just a little
while before you got here I hadn't even
heard of it so I just I had just heard
the announcement sure 7xo glad it's
discovered in the habitable zone with
water so I know I know very little
detail otherwise yet sure
yeah I don't know how many details are
there to be had besides like the initial
possible possibility of the discovery
you know mm-hmm so but it's I mean you
know anything any sort of that that's
it's very exciting because yeah
eventually it's this rocking gonna hold
all of us you know I'm staying well I
think you just fucked what unless you
get faster than live travel you're just
fucked yeah what if you know you can't
just send like a ship full of colonists
there because what if something's
already living there that doesn't want
us around yeah yeah that's very possible
they are they supposed to just take in
the refugees topical you be carefully
getting to topical taking in hundreds of
thousands of humans
thank you for all the friend requests I
will get to your friend requests right
where are you
Devo I see you up there I see you up
there Deva we're gonna build a space
wall keep their humans out the humans
bring pain and suffering the humans I
assume some of them are good hahaha pull
ups and say people gonna know this not
there there aliens
blip blip blip blip yeah you dick
chunk rat quit being a dick
you need to work on your Trump I never
tried to work on it in the first place
what are we got hey what's going on Jake
fresh juices hey Jake
hi did you like that rampage cosplay
photo I sent you on Twitter
oh that was easy that was great like I I
don't actually I don't read that I've
never read like a a what comic is he
from I've never actually hoped mercy
I've never read that comic but I thought
your cosplay looks great yeah I know you
love valiant so I figured you'd like to
see that hashtag stay valiant no crush
screw Nova screw some I think that's
pronounced you Lucas screw you ka s CR u
E my barrier up get out then
hi Jagan rich hi love previously
recording first time I've caught us
first time I've got a streamline and
wanted to donate well thank you we
appreciate that I've got a job interview
tomorrow in South Dakota what can you
tell me about the state um the guy they
got the isn't that where the Mount
Rushmore is where's that North may I get
them confused if is your wait do you not
live in South Dakota why do you have a
job interview in a state you don't live
in probably a decent paying job that's
just sure you never believe that the
state he's currently in for it wow man
that'd be my guess that's intense
I can tell you it's place and Americans
live there because it's in America
that's true it's all I could really tell
you about South Dakota shit shit
shit son of a bitch son of a Borch son
of a board the borscht
mokey b85 says hi guys good to see you
today
I'm okay have you seen her read anything
about the new game by the FTL dubs into
the breech yeah a strategy game gameplay
trailer looks deep yes I have seen that
does look neat it looks like it's gonna
be right up Rich's alley
well Z well see once that coming out oh
I know that just announced yeah yeah so
we know nothing about nothing anonymous
says hey nerds is there gonna be another
nerd crew video Collider literally made
a 30 minute video unboxing a $20 alien
action figure the jokes write themselves
PS did you see flash yesterday Jack I
did not I spent a good portion of today
you usually after I'm done editing a
video a bigger video like like a prereq
I'll take the next day off you know play
some games I've been meaning to play
watching TV so today I did catch up on
week's worth of CW shows cuz I'm really
behind but I did not get to the latest
flash unfortunately yep if and when we
do more nerd crews I don't I don't know
if we go right back to the hole unboxing
thing you probably want to find
something new to do and who knows if we
can live up to the unboxing one no right
who knows
and you know I'll make fun of unboxing
videos all day long but I still watched
like three videos trying to unbox a
switch so you know they serve a purpose
he's got curious people have already get
it are already getting them people
people already have them but apparently
there was a what do you call it they
when you can't I just walked right I
stopped paying attention yes you did I
said I just walked through the literal
watches I'm walking directly into enemy
fire
I'm not even not even paying attention
not a moratorium you embargo and there
was an embargo from showing the actual
system so no one could do an unboxing
video even though people had them and
that embargo has lifted recently ok ok
like like if you've got yours through
shady means would there be anything to
stop you from throwing it video of
anyway no in fact someone did already ok
said a shark yes he's dressed like a
shark
just Alex 64 says my theory is that the
best way to invent the fast-paced travel
is to reach the singularity get an
exponentially smarter computer to figure
it out
fears of terminator like annihilation
are just fiction in my opinion a lot of
ethical issues with creating some kind
of AI that's sentient oh yeah you're
unless you just let it do whatever I
want seem you're basically creating
slavery all over again
hey you sent it now yeah you got a
compute these figures that I'm telling
you to that's what I don't have to do
yep now if you want to get computers to
the point where you can like just upload
a human consciousness to it that's
something but like actually just
inventing an artificial intelligence oh
I don't know about that I don't know
about that at all
fucking feral get out of town and that's
that's not a fear-based out of you know
they're going to take over that's a
ethically we shouldn't be doing this
Oh clicked my fucking shit
by the way yeah I actually looked at the
Mass Effect Andromeda cinematic trailer
yeah I don't they're not gonna be
missing out in anything oh yeah oh it
looks awful none of the characters look
interesting Oh
up to and including the protagonist
which you know formerly it was a series
that that lived and died with its
characters yeah so yeah on the villains
just seems so fucking horribly Jinhae oh
my god I think it's gonna be a dumpster
fire oh it's too bad for people who are
looking forward to it but you know you
know them they'll find a way to love it
oh don't I know that
No
oh you dick you dick Reinhart yeah okay
hey good game everyone dromeda gameplay
looks great looks nothing like Mass
Effect gameplay its Mass Effect you got
the characters you got a squad I want
slower paced tactical combat where I'm
telling squad members use their powers
to be deep off this and that gameplay of
scene oven drums just looks like a lot
of running around and jumping in
craziness and craziness could be fun
it's certainly not what I think of as
being Mass Effect okay so I'm calling it
now dumpster fire that's I mean you seem
to be going from like zero to 60 really
fast he's all I'm saying I think it's
fair to call it a dumpster fire button
fundus of Mass Effect 3 multiplayer God
one thing I didn't want out of mass
effect was multiplayer okay who should
we be here what do we like maybe well
we'll be a will be fairer this time
Farrah is good
Jack you Skrillex ZipZap says yeah I
love you guys don't make me happy well
yeah you know that's nice however I
suffer from severe superhero fatigue in
which hearing about superheroes of any
sort makes me look forward to death sure
this is my cry for help
life you've come to the wrong place
because people will not shut up about
superheroes to us people people still
ask me what comic books I read and I
have to keep telling them I haven't been
into a comic book store in over a decade
right right you know and I'm not there
yet
as far as superhero fatigue is is
concerned I mean I'm still like we've
we've been uh Lisa and I have been
rewatching daredevil season two because
we're getting close to iron fists time
you know pretty excited about iron fist
hello hello devil healer Yello
I'm no longer Russian I don't know
Hawaii I say things in Russian I guess
neighbor a sniper Oh was that a lie
before Mass Effect one or two for one
story and two's gameplay they both have
good characters
whose everything
superhero fatigue superhero fatigue
that's where we're at right now
superhero fatigue a lot of you know what
a lot of sit have it it's never gonna
end
super here forties I'm never gonna end
no not at he not in our lifetime
well well infinity war finally start
doing it in or or not I know I don't
what do you know
how long does the Marvel Cinematic
Universe go on uh-huh
that's a logic well you're obviously
you're in the game you mean after
infinity war sure while I'm in general
how long does the Marvel Cinematic yours
go on how many up I don't understand the
question I guess when do they stop
making movies that take place in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe when oh no I
mean right bill in a million years jack
fucking a fucking million years they're
still gonna be movies that take place in
this Marvel Cinematic Universe
yes a million years well they won't be
movies they'll be you know hollow disks
okay okay dammit dammit
hello yeah they'll be you know the
question is when do they stop making
money because that's when they'll stop
making sure and so realistically we're
looking at when the big actor changes
start no sure
as soon as as soon as they have to
reboot the Marvel Universe is when it's
doctor starts failing yeah yeah as soon
as they need to like reset timelines and
people start getting sick of that shit
uh uh or do they just introduce like
legacy characters you get you know like
them the comics have black female Iron
Man now oh and I think like that'll be
fine if we get black female Iron Man
that is a way better strategy then then
another Tony Stark well you could go
right into another Tony Stark gonna be
like it'd be like the Joker the Heath
Ledger Joker you follow that up and then
Oh God and really not much could live up
to that right Ledger's Joker right
who killed me you sons of bitches
iron man girl yeah like iron man girl is
is is much more likely to succeed than
look I'm not saying I'm super interested
in seeing Iron Man girl I'm just saying
that'll be the next thing
once the at once they start losing
what's Robert Downey jr. is gone they'll
try and do that and I think that's the
smart play
Robert Downey jr. is what makes that
though I don't I don't think you can
replace him with anybody even if it is
it even if you are going with the the
small black girl it's you totally
different if you have to choose yeah
between another Tony Stark or small
black girl I am going to rewatch Iron
Man 1 through 3 no no I'm saying you're
you're the studio executive and you have
to do an Ironman
that's probably what they'll do like I
don't I don't know that we'll we'll
stave off the the demise that the slow
demise after you lose that charismatic
Robert Downey jr. performance there's
gonna be a drop-off matter what oh sure
there's gonna be a drop-off no matter
what but you have to make that call I'm
saying the smart I can get out of here
well you you you you go with the what
I'm Ricky or something what or not
anyone are the character's name is but
you keep the universe they have going as
long as its profitable
yeah rebooted just for the sake of
Robert Downey jr. no right
they have what they have to do is they
have the hope that the replacements and
the other characters that they have made
movies from yet are also interesting
yeah that's what they have to hold it
they have to hope that people like
Captain Marvel as much as they like
Captain America right and they're gonna
roll Snake Eyes sooner or literally or
later
uh orally with one or two of these
movies right
shit crisis on Infinite Earths I don't
know if you can do like a reboot style
thing and have regular audiences not get
a fucking headache know that and that's
what I'm saying once you start doing
reboots is when you start failing yep as
long as they can continue the universe
they will be fine would you rather they
replaced Ironman or they just explore
different heroes that they haven't made
movies of yet oh you get your Squirrel
Girl movie and maybe you get maybe you
can work with that oh well girl Nova I'm
hoping for a little bit both here I'll
be honest with you okay made a bad call
I made a bad call I made a bad justice
call should have gone all the way around
I heard I heard the the tank alt and I
wanted to get rid of that tank alt and I
should have gotten rid of more people I
made a bad
ultimate call I'm sorry team I failed
you so so no and you know what they're
they're already exploring more options
as far as get out of here as far as
other characters right Captain Marvel is
one of those characters but they're
gonna have to do something with Ironman
and you see you tell us person who made
that donation that you're sick of
superheroes so of course that's gonna
lead to a 20 minute superhero movie
discussion frac I'm holding the team
down I blame myself entirely
I'm so sorry team I appreciate you all
playing with me anyway from the team
develop developing Mass Effect Andromeda
the senior director lead writer and lead
editor all quit in the middle of
production for Mass Effect Andromeda
really the game is going to be a massive
dumper fire according to mm and the chat
add some interesting news
so yeah is destroyed yet another video
game developer oh that yeah aren't they
great
yeah Tatsu says that's ooh reading neal
stephenson's novel really I'm assuming
there's supposed to be an A in there and
it's remade and not dreamed de leme did
MMD I don't know
twice a character sets off a sprinkler
system by bashing the sprinkler head
with a rifle not with lighter flame Neal
Stephenson not a hack cheers fellas yeah
that's that's exactly how you fuckin do
it
well there you go Tiberius I know not
just to walk into the fray I I was I was
I was trying to take down the the
specific threat in hopes that we could
get to keep the cart moving who the
threat was also holding up the heart so
holding up the cart and I needed to keep
the cart moving and unfortunately I
ended up dying but I hey I had a pretty
decent altar there I was pretty happy
with that what's thank you we're
negating key roses yeah your next review
will be Zelda right how are you guys
planning to get around incentives
copyright bullshit they tend to take
down streams and reviews of their games
hope bridge is feeling better that's an
interesting point maybe there's just
some other game we can just use clips of
when we say the name of the game bleep
breath of the wind you think you think
I'm kidding bleep breath of the wind is
the new game from bleep what kind of we
kind of did that we did I was gonna say
like one we've kind of done that joke
already
all right - yeah the video is not about
Nintendo's policies so we will try to
make sure we tailor our Clips like what
I think with them with the mario kart
review I pitch shifted
klipsch mm-hmm because you know if a
pitch shifting sometimes gets rid of the
bots yeah go so I might try that I know
you know the the Jay and Mike have started
using kind of like an overlay mm-hm they
have that VHS tape overlay that they've
used to get rid of the bots so that is a
possibility for me as well some sort of
overlay I think I've used it before like
like I have a this like retro looking TV
that I like to use as an overlay but
we'll see I'm not super worried about it
also like after we after we upload the
video like we find out whether or not
it's it's flagged immediately somebody
in the chat suggesting we do what Jim
sterling does hmm oh yes Jim sterling
uses copyrights from several different
big companies like Sony Nintendo so they
fight over it nobody nobody can get the
revenue that way I think that's really
funny
um just not him says hey guys great
streams for rich favorite baseball
related books or films I love many of
Bill James books myself also if I want
to send you a steam key what is the
email address I'll Jack what is the
email address for steam keys free rec at
red letter media dot-com prereq at red
letter media dot-com for baseball books
Moneyball yeah
Moneyball it's just it's just like a
nerds dream like these baseball stats
but mostly it's about rethinking
baseball stats and what stats are really
meaningful and they just rethought the
game and if you're if you're if you're
really nerdy and you like baseball it's
some interesting shit so for book
Moneyball hands-down movie I'll probably
feel the dreams I guess basically go to
baseball movies yeah unless I think of
something else later that I like more
league around that's not bad I'll take
your dreams over it oh yeah this used to
be our playground
that's a league of their own you know
eight men out maybe not the great movie
but the real life just story is really
interesting to have where they figure
what year was nineteen something
eighteen notice the a-team is probably
from you later than that White Sox were
accused of throwing the World Series
including with gamblers oh really
it's what led to the creation of the
baseball commissioner interesting yeah
and another the movies that great but
the real-life story is interesting the
reality of it is interesting sure the
reality of it yeah yeah
shit shit shit
and I know he wrote a book I know he had
um he had a blog that was really fun
there was a minor league player who had
a blog called the non prospect Diaries
was a Dirk Hayhurst I think and he
eventually wrote a book yeah I haven't
read the book but I know his blog about
his experience as being a minor league
player are really funny and interesting
a lot of fun interesting stories of shit
that happen like on the bus sure sure
so you probably still find it online
somewhere unless they've removed it to
put in his book than on the non prospect
Diaries the non prospect Diaries he was
it was briefly eventually after that he
was briefly in the majors but briefly oh
it's never a huge player but he's he's
got a career as a writer
Nuka screw says thanks guys I'm a
Canadian psychologist applying for a
profession yeah professorship in South
Dakota not sure if I want to move to a
state I know literally nothing about
you've doubled my knowledge about it
because we've said it's a state like
this thing called the internet probably
find out a lot about South Dakota from
Wikipedia
good thing I got that teleporter up
yes Dirk Hayhurst was the author of
slash minor league player dad said
speaking of superheroes rich how many
movies are left before the DC universe
is completely rebooted apparently by the
way super quickly because a flicks out
he's that's confirmed no no but I mean
it's it's going that they have proven to
be comically stubborn yes I'm gonna say
six or seven years movies because they
are comically stubborn
we got widowed for sure Wonder Woman
yeah Wonder Woman's happening Justice
League has happened Justice League is
happening since at least two yeah at
least two well see what goes on with
this fucking Batman thing but possibly a
Batman they might they might try the
flash
oh yeah the flash is the Flash's
director keeps getting like the fans
like keep berating him what was the big
thing that's a flash director recently I
don't have any idea like the the flash
director was recently like not critical
of the Batman movie but just like her
supportive of Ben Affleck being critical
it was something incredibly stupid and
the fed DC fans started jumping down his
goddamn throat it's like no he don't do
that to your directors you have to you
have to treat them nice I wasn't with
all the dumpster fires today at Jack
yeah I was I was thinking about
something yeah now that I really care
anyway but just I'm just curious
yeah and Batman versus Superman
yeah did Lex Luthor ever say what
happened to his father Oh God
it's his Lex Luthor's father dead - or
not maybe I don't know I don't remember
that much I'll be honest with you cuz if
they didn't claim that his father is
dead yeah what are the odds that the Lex
Luthor we saw in Batman's super vs.
Superman is gonna be revealed to be Lex
jr. and then there is a bald menacing
corporate supervillain out there
somewhere that we have yet to see sure
sure that would be funny
let me how you can solve it Lex Luthor
sure
but yeah I don't I don't remember what
what they've said about that his father
is named Martha oh wait oh oh son of AB
or CH extended cut already said he's Lex
jr. all right all right I guess they
were hedging their bets so we could
still get Lex Luthor I don't have it
right oh yeah yeah
David I know people says hey Jack and
rich hey Jack what are your thoughts
about the CW shows you've caught up on
also rich will you watch any of the CW
shows for you I recommend Vampire
Diaries especially now that it's an
anime all right okay so I just caught up
on Supergirl today that was one that I
was really behind on and I just still
fucking really loved Supergirl
the last episode was the Valentine's Day
episode and so just everyone was kissing
everyone else it was adorable when
whenever in the future I might be
interested in watching a superhero TV
show yeah there is a 99% chance it's
going to be finishing daredevil season
two yes
and then maybe it's going to Jessica
Jones and giving that another shot oh
you need to give that another shot all
right all right
darn it jessica jones is legit as far as
I love the books it's the funny thing oh
yes I was fine availing well maybe well
maybe the show would be less impactful
for you because you kind of know what's
happening yeah well like I said they
jump into purple man right away in the
show uh-huh he doesn't show up in like a
last until the last arc doesn't you know
something bad happened to her but you
don't you never know what ah I got you
son of a bitch going after my teleports
rotoscope ik since studios were in
musical mania for a decade or so in the
50s to 60s and then people got sick of
seeing musicals hmm
Iron Man came out almost a decade ago I
don't superhero mania can last 10 more
years well you say that until it does
I'm thinking 10 more years I think it
could you know I think that's that's
possible well well we'll see we'll see
how interesting Marvel can make the next
generation of their characters without
without Robert Downey jr. or Chris Evans
right we'll see we'll see how likeable
the next batch is that is that's dude
that's the real question and you know
from Marvel standpoints that is going to
mean they they will need to take some
risks and that they're already seeing
success with risks with stuff like
guardians right they they hit the they
hit the Money load with Pratt did they
cuz he's gonna start costing more and
more money yeah but he's they they got
two movies out of them two good ones
sure two interesting movies that were
sorry I forgot to hit thank you thank
you they do have spider-man now that
Marvel is glad to have him so they can
shove him in some of their other movies
they're not especially glad to be
sharing him with Sony right and I doubt
they would be willing to build the
future of their Cinematic Universe
around spider-man because that shit gets
split that's not pure profit for Disney
right know like guardians now he's young
he's young they could he could be around
for four decades
ya know but that's not gonna excite the
executives that much something like
guardians or Doctor Strange something
that doesn't cost them any money is
relatively unheard of mmm and and
performs well in the box office that's
what they're looking for that's why
they're so excited about Captain Marvel
that's that's gonna be a ton of toys
Captain Marvel is gonna be a ton of toys
that's what they want
that's what they won't because remember
it's not just about theatres it's it's
about it's about other shit that they
can sell from the movie I'm not joining
groups capture-the-flag can we do that
Ultra meant to em says Jack and rich yep
I know how much you love Star Wars what
are your thoughts on the upcoming Han
Solo movie and do you think it will be
better than rogue one yeah suck my balls
do you have any thoughts on the Han Solo
movie I have no thoughts on the Han Solo
movie I also have no thoughts on the Han
Solo movie I was I'm trying to make up
something where it's like can i it's
gonna be a movie that will come out that
we know very little about right and it
won't obviously won't start
Harrison Ford which is fine I'm because
you know what I actually you know
Harrison Ford he's that man is too old
he's done we're done with him I can tell
you that it's going to exist
quite possibly right unless they make
something else I I just don't care
especially after how weak rogue one
turned out Jack everyone died so rogue
one was the best most important movie
that was ever made
rogue one was so because it's important
it's important that means it's serious
business
star wars is important rogue one was the
weakest and so I am I'm officially no
longer excited about any side story I
can't care about any side star
I'm not joining groups there we go I
just don't I don't care about side
stories because of how poorly they
handled world one I just cuz I didn't
like rogue one doesn't mean they can't
make a good Star Wars side story I'm
still not convinced that Star Wars is
versatile enough to merit this gigantic
expanded cinematic spin-off universe I
think that's fair - you know what I
think that's absolutely fair let's see
here you know what I'll be Lucy oh I'll
be healer this time Anonymous's hello
rich and Jake
alright how much money do I have to
donate to get star control 2 on the
Jesus Christ shut up list it's a fun
sci-fi adventure with lots of voice
potential it's not so free you fucks I
have to actually look into this game
yeah but I'm I'm done with shut up Jesus
Christ shut up
doesn't ever led to a I guess seventh
guest was alright so it's pretty fun
it's not worth it I think in the future
when people won't shut up about the game
the smart choice is just and completely
ignore it yeah you're probably right
hey I mean you're right but are you
right always always
how you doing a new game Ivo I love this
game this is just my comfort zone it's
it's a little more stressful playing on
stream knowing that there are people
watching and my mouse still isn't
exactly how I have it at home so I we
need to adjust your sensitivity probably
but I'm not I'm just not gonna worry
about now there's something that when
you play in stream I don't know what it
is you you lose a bear bare minimum bare
minimum you lose 20% of your mojo oh
there minimum I'm coming
oh yeah like and it's like it's
something more than mojo to where it's
just like yeah I just feel off
Oh whoo oh that was oh yeah but that's
you know what that's okay cuz cuz this
is my comfort game this is just a game
that I could play for hours and hours
and loved it
so I'm not I'm not too worried about
performing poorly I hope my team doesn't
mind me performing poorly that's
actually another reason why I'm playing
Lucia Lucia is kind of just someone that
you can play I don't want to say
haphazardly but yeah I kind of
haphazardly I I have played games on
streams that I'm pretty good at pretty
decent at yeah but I've come to like
like do a solo stream with it and for
whatever reason then I just said at
least just suck yeah oh yeah
the mind of drei says remember when
nerds ruled the internet that's how long
I've been following our alum do you guys
have present-day guilty-pleasure actors
also wonder it's the mind of Dre because
I'm guessing you'll fuck that up
no I didn't you motherfucker suck the
cock I think the nerves kind of still to
rule being that no one cares
what if you ready Internet comment
sections all over the place there's
already start as far as just angry
bitter nerds
get out here Wow it's on noon don't
forget your clutch moments perfect runs
on stream yeah but there's also been
times when I'm normally good at a game
and I just can't function at all I've I
love doom I've played the shit out of it
I don't think I've ever had a really
good night of streaming doom yeah I've
always been at least at least a little
bit off like that last time I streamed
oh I don't even know what the heck was
wrong I just was not as good as I know I
should have ha ha oh sure sure I was
doing ok uh-huh
I didn't turn to crap but I knew I
should have been better sure sure
yeah I mean like I said I'm not too
worried about like performing poorly
just because we're here to have fun
we're here to chat I and I yeah you know
I'm planning on chatting and talking and
this is just this is all part of my day
off
my day off today I'm playing overwatch
so yeah that's what you get this is what
you get
Oh ultra matte to them says what are
your thoughts on the drama surrounding
the new Batman movie the film losing
directors left and right hilarious do
you think it will be any good and what
are your thoughts on Affleck is Batman a
flak is the best on-screen Batman which
is why it a shame the executives in
charge of the DC Universe are fucking
idiots yeah you have a potential for a
Batman movie where Batman isn't the
least interesting character in the film
you have that potential now yeah as far
as will it be good well science
certainly don't look good right but I
don't know all the board of directors
for you know the DC Cinematic Universe
they could all have heart attacks and
Zack Snyder could die in a plane crash
and the whole thing could be fixed
tomorrow right
but if if nothing major changes with
powers-that-be I I'm not even sure it's
gonna get made at this point the Batman
movie the affleck batman movie was right
apparently they didn't have him locked
down I I wonder if they have him locked
down as an actor you you can't make a
ben affleck batman movie if he refuses
to make a batman movie right and and so
you know who who let him go
hey that was a good match everyone that
was good match nice back and forth
even death won't save the Batman people
would want to honor Snyder's wishes haha
oh you're probably right what was that
come up death wouldn't a Snyder's death
wouldn't matter cuz uh there'd be like
petitions to honor his wishes
for the next Batman movie there would be
what they publicly say but they wouldn't
necessarily do that like George Lucas is
gonna be very involved with the force
awakens right he's gonna be involved
he's putting his stamp of it he'll be
put his stamp of approval on it but he
told us that right before he died there
are white slavers God is alright Conroy
is the best on-screen Batman in my
opinion well he's not a live-action
Batman he's the best Batman oh yeah yeah
but he's never you can't say he's been a
live-action Batman
no yeah Conroy hands down yes yeah yep
no shit I'm just saying why don't you
come on come on
Fresno Bob says Jack yep where did you
get the Voyager shirt and wore on best
of the worst
oh uh I tweet that out a bunch people
love that so I love it sure it was it's
it's the Voyager space probe which is
the farthest man-made object from the
earth I was thinking you had like a Star
Trek Voyager oh no it's it's and it's
really it's this really cool like
Technicolor thing of the Voyager space
probe so it's really it's a really neat
shirt and sorry I hit the wrong button
here we go here we go and you just
google Voyager Diane oh oh fuck oh I was
chasing that zenyatta and I missed I
kept missing and that was my fault I
should have stuck with my team but I
thought I could get this in yatta kill
and if you can get the zenyatta kill you
kill their healer and that's more
important just a google Voyager space
probe t-shirt and it'll come up it'll
come oh shit
Ultraman two M's is Dec and rich I'm
Jack and rich do you plan on playing
injustice to do you like fighting games
do you think comic book games are better
than comic book movies yes you guys Rock
I've never been super big into fighting
games I don't hate them play a very rare
now and then but I'm complete asset them
my brain for whatever reason cannot
handle the fighting game sure sure
Jack how do you feel about fighting
games I like fighting games I I also
like you know it's hit or miss whether
or not I am good at a fighting game huh
shit nope back up back up
fuck you fuck you but you know they're
fun they and that you know if you get
into the right flow with the right
fighting game it makes you feel powerful
makes you feel fast yeah makes you feel
good I have not played a fighting game
in quite some time I'll tell you that
coming okay oh shit they're all dead
and we lost and we lost and we lost
Street Fighter or Marvel vs. Capcom
stream would be both hilarious and
awesome regardless of skill level almost
happened we tried to play Marvel vs.
Capcom on Steam and the store page turns
out it's just pre-orders yeah but yeah
that that would have happened if it were
actually out yet yeah those are fun
those are fun those are you know why
those are fun you get that you get to
play as the character you're like yeah
yeah plus you know we can both play
against each other and that's there's
this fun in that
oh yeah Lana says how do you feel about
new live-action Disney movies only one I
want to see is Mulan the piece from
Beauty and the Beast and the beast looks
half transformed man not hot at all
otherwise looks like carbon copy not hot
at all not at all not at all I guess
people are just hot for Beast then lots
of that hot beast action apparently uh
remember in the 80s late 80s when they
had the BD on the Beast TV show and Ron
Perlman no play the Beast every oh and
he got hired because they didn't need to
use that much makeup Linda Hamilton and
Ron Perlman absolutely
this guy looks kind of like a monster
let's hire him let me tell you how like
sucky The Jungle Book live-action remake
was actually kind of like that really I
didn't I didn't love it that that kid
was crap that kid was crap hey one of
the spectators during the game what's a
let's play let's go play
that kid was crap oh we can we can name
our teams go for it Jack go for it huh
someone join one of our spectators join
the game I don't know how you do it but
do know I I was really disappointed the
jungle book remake and then you get to
the part where they start singing the
songs that that make no place I hated
Christopher Walken and he he was
terrible his whole shtick was weird
a Pharrell or wicked Scott come over
here to the team - you just don't want
to be on my team is that what's
happening I'm like yeah I believe that
otherwise I just don't get the point
there's some classic animated movies why
do you need to see a faithful
live-action recreation because that's
because that's it's that that's their
reboot sure what's easier than a reboot
is just a remake there we go Thank You
uncle
Crump says rich here to Helmand new rlm
show moment it be about
cuz I guess doesn't count
Oh like previously promised all around
us weird it doesn't it just doesn't
count or they finally accepted us as
part of the group and they just say
we're too established now so we don't
care we finally been accepted as part of
the group people finally admit you know
I'll be Zen oh you just do I want to be
rich who do I want to be him
how fucking know who do you enjoy
playing as lave Deva well be Deva
I like being Deva you play one of the
newer characters oh I could play as one
of the newer characters is it too late
press that's H age to change your Oh
Jackie let's try it out
Sombra I love my son bro makeup oh you
can customize that oh you get different
skins Wow you got they have loot crate's
loot crate's and they they do they have
loot crate's and I got I got a cool some
classic in none of them have like old
Vienna sausages in them no not that I
know okay not that I'm okay I probably
won't play a thumper for very long
because I'm still you know not good at
they're not many people are good as
their Nana says Richard buddy pal if you
had to pick one animal species to have
complete control of for whatever
personal gain you see fit
what would it be PS you must become a
combo version of you Plus animal that's
just the dumbest fucking thing I've ever
heard I'm sorry what I don't care
Nathan noob but I guess it's suppose to
be a silent case it's Nathan Noom yeah I
suppose hey guys just wanted to say keep
up the good work
did you guys enjoy that last bit of
amazing leather in Milwaukie oh fuck yes
oh my god today was in the 60s its
glorious
fuck it's fucking glorious jagan it is
glorious oh Sh oh shit I didn't hit home
I forgot I forgot how to play sambar
already but that's fine
today was glorious today was like I left
the house this morning like hat gloves
scarf and immediately just just stripped
everything off not just dad all my
clothes too just because it's so
gorgeous out
apparently nearer Alzheimer auto mama I
don't know how you say that yeah yeah
and I see that game and its name all the
time it's coming out the 10th of March
yeah yeah I mean there's a problem with
March is there's so much shit coming out
like in the next 14 days we've got new
horizon we've got the new Zelda yep and
then we got nearer hama Auto autumn on
them yeah auto bottom I could say that
you can say that
we wouldn't be able to do a review of
everything oh right that's not to say I
won't just play it right because you
kind of just want to play it you new
horizon equal in the rising horizon new
dawn yeah it's not my fault the name is
dumb
the name is so dumb can we can we all
agree on that doesn't everyone agree
everyone that it's the worst name yeah
yes the horizon new dawn is the worst
name everyone agrees detected
none of us does hello prereq team
question can a comparison be made
between these hyper fanatic angry nerd
fanboys all over YouTube comments and
religious cults the defense of games
like Uncharted creeps me out right I
think there's a difference probably
wouldn't be willing to commit mass
suicide over and sharted let's hope not
let's hope not
like cold-sleep did Jonestown right
right fanboy ISM isn't the same as as
cults it's it is strange that I agree
Jones sound is the creepiest shit uh you
know it's all it's all kind of creepy as
far as I'm concerned watch is some kind
of idiot somebody referred to it as you
know the largest mass suicide of her
uh-huh
it should really be murder-suicide cuz
let's be fucking honest they killed a
bunch of kids oh did they oh there were
kids in the town a lot of them yeah yeah
they they forced the cyanide down the
throats
there were people standing around with
guns they weren't all voluntary gotcha
it was a fucking murder-suicide mm-hmm
yeah so you know fanboy ism does not yet
lead to that yet yeah we'll see we'll
see how good the new Star Wars movie is
it could get ugly
we got five minutes less I don't need to
change my character just yet I'm not
doing greatest Sombra Sombra there's
some people who survive by like you know
just playing dead oh really
couple people managed to run into the
woods one or two played dead
somebody like hid under a porch and then
had to be just the the worst thing
crawling out of there or after
everything had settled down yeah you're
surrounded by like what was ten thousand
dead bodies twenty thousand it was an
insane amount of people sure
oh don't I made a bad call made a bad
call as chambre oh my gut how did you
even see me all right one more char and
then I'm gonna change playing dead no
the person under the porch was just
hiding under the porch I think there
were other people who just played dead
though there were like a handful of
survivors they didn't all do the same
thing 931 all right I know is a shitload
of people I was like basically it was a
town I thought it I thought it'd crack
the thousands I thought I was I thought
it was multiple thousands Jonestown but
I'm wrong I guess I'm wrong oh yeah I
mean sure I really thought that correct
a thousand
the audio of Jim Jones telling his
followers to commit suicide is very dark
yeah you know the other part of that
that's kind of horrible to listen to is
this poor woman and like the big meeting
where Jim Jones has decided we're all
gonna drink the suicide
you know potion this one lady in the
crowd just tried to talk him out of it
she was arguing for life yeah she got
she got shot down by the Sheep
Oh God horrible yeah Horeb yeah I I
don't like looking into stuff like that
just because that that stretches my my
humanity limit
solo 56 7 says hijack and rich right I
wanted to thank you for all the great
hours of entertainment this will be my
last stream for four months as I am
going to India for work
oh thanks again you wonderful acts well
hey have fun in India thank you
solo 56 7 yeah yeah I gotta change gear
I'm not helping Mike you are gonna make
some kind of crack about India but you
know what I got I got nothing bad I can
offhand say about India that India is
alright Jack India yeah he's alright
alright here we go
if they said they were going to like
Iraq I could say well keep your head up
but not too far up
where are we at where are we at that's
that's a that's a fair question
HP flash Vince's hey rich and Jack I
forgot that Amazon Prime lets you sub a
twitch channel so here is my belated sub
also should I get Helldivers or Space
Marines thanks and keep up the good
times well there are two very different
games there are different games yeah so
it's very hard to compare and contrast
them I would say Space Marine but are
you are you looking for a multiplayer
single-player that's that's the only
question that matters as far as those
two are concerned if you're looking for
a multiplayer or Helldivers if you're
looking for a single-player Space Marine
sorry gents I was hoping how do you guys
not helping haven't seen you all about
two weeks what's new I'm gonna actually
see snow in a couple of days whoa also
Zelda in nine days I can't wait
unfortunate that some people are leaking
things yeah you got to keep your head
down there and then really they're
really like spoilers story spoilers for
Zelda game is that one of those things
where a story spoiler can ruin the game
well you never know what like as far as
spoilers are concerned especially for
new territory like you're never quite
sure what is going to ruin the game for
you and so it's just like part sometimes
part of playing a new game is just the
joy of discovery if you if you go in
blind well I'm just what what kinds of
things are being spoiled right son of a
bitch
Widow like my concerns with the game
yeah I am worried about it being just
big and empty yeah I'm worried about it
being empty I'm looking forward to some
dungeons yep hopefully some nonlinear
exploration yep couple fun boss fights
but like I don't give a flying fuck
about the story with what the twist is
why is zelda crying i give a fuck
where's dungeon when do I fight Ganon
right right I I also I'm not too
concerned about spoilers bud
story and some assets are being linked
yeah and then you then unfortunately
just kind of got to turn it off you got
a you got to turn off your normal video
game feed for a little bit it's it's
extra for it for us like I'm really
excited about the switch I'm really
excited about Zelda in general the the
problem for us is I want to sneak in 0
horizon dawn beforehand we'll see we'll
see we got like three days that's the
shit of it and like I understand from
Sony's standpoint like oh you know like
they want their big game to come out
when the new Nintendo game comes out so
they're people who own a Playstation 4
don't feel left out I totally get that
but at the same time like I really I
really you know like want to I don't
want to rush it but so we're probably
gonna get our switch our switch is at
least on the 4th yeah maybe not until
the 6 yeah so in in in a perfect world
we have 3-4 days to play discuss and for
me edit the zero horizon dawn
playthrough right can we just call it
first impressions that would solve a lot
if we just say all we're gonna do is
play the first
well how long do you how many do you
think we'd get like 10 hours and how it
in like a few days sure like sure how
much of a game do we need to play in
order to get like well that depends upon
the game really is in review right right
that's the thing honestly I think you're
okay just playing until you get a decent
feel for the game yeah yeah sure you
know like there's a game yeah I say at
the point where you don't feel like you
want to play it anymore
is the point where you can safely that's
the point where you can safely say that
this game is not working because I don't
want to play it I no longer feel like
playing it yeah and here's why I no
longer feel like playing that's fair you
know what that's fair loosen up loosen
it up here and you know what as long as
you know if you're doing a review you
probably like I've said four hours is
enough to really judge a game but if you
don't have like a review I think
probably want to play it a little bit
longer than that like you're doing a
proper review yeah so I you know a few
days we could probably play it enough
sure
I think you'll do a horizon a disservice
by doing a quick rush job like that well
depends upon how deep horizon is and
that's you know what if we're playing it
and we love it we can always say hey
we're not gonna do our a quick review
because we're enjoying right we can
always change your mind if we think that
well we're not good we really can't do
it justice right
but like Mario Kart so let's take just
just the different game look at it how
long do you need to play Mario Kart
before you could do or he wanna right
you know what right no new Super Mario
Brothers yeah I'm gonna say it even
though like I've played it a fuck ton
yeah and I will play a fuck ton more
like doom yeah I don't think my review
would have changed if I'd only played it
like 10 hours worth before we did a
review on it hey probably just had a
little less to talk about I mean once
you know you had the mechanics once you
get all the weapons you know what the
mechanics are you know what you're in
for
you just get some different levels after
that
but I mean we want to be quick with it
I'm you know people have asked me this
before I've always said that robot
dinosaure is a game that I am looking
forward to in general mhm
and so it's like I want to play it and I
want to be excited about it but then
that then that's switch you know if the
game has an actual ending you gotta play
it to the end no oh you don't know it's
a little cramp that's a lot of crap look
if the game is good if the game is good
yeah you actually want to play it to the
end
yeah and so it's a non-issue if the game
is bad if it's a if it's a 20-hour
lesson it's a 20-hour game I'm gonna
pull this figure out of my ass yeah
that's average you played 10 hours like
10 fucking hours and you're not enjoying
it what the fuck is gonna change in that
last 10 hours that will change your mind
right right and how are you fucking up
if you can't get to the good any of the
good stuff within 10 hours oh that was
my fault team my black hole generator
mists I'm so sorry
case in point Mass Effect 3 I you know
for one I had issues of Mass Effect 3
before the ending I really legitimately
did ok but that's that's a story-driven
game where the gameplay is effectively
talking to people and the story is what
you're there for sure like like for
example when we did when we did Arkham
Knight Arkham Knight or the Double Fine
adventure game something where the story
and the characters are a little more
important that's where you you do want
to play til the end
sure now if if new verison yeah
open-world dinosaur game yeah
maybe I don't give a shit about the
story maybe I'm having fun running
around the open-world robot dinosaur
world sure like with you I really need
to see the ending what was the was that
RPG that we're playing well I'm doing
some fun stuff in this game and this is
fun I like this mechanic yeah
and I got some things to say about the
crafting Dragon's Dogma does it matter
if I didn't get to know whether or not
the young girl could find her father who
was kidnapped by the robot God what does
it matter put money down who's got money
down the back story we got money down
right now the young girl's father got
kidnapped by the robot my books five
bucks
her father's gonna be the chieftain okay
and something is going to happen to him
it might not be kidnapped he might be
murdered yeah but she'll be in charge of
going into the robot territories and
she'll uncover the mystery of the visser
that and none of it'll matter because
it's a fun exploration fighting robot
game okay that's what's important I'm
gonna take a slightly I I think you're
right I'm gonna take a slightly
different approach her father is not the
chief and her father is not like
kidnapped or killed and she has to go on
a revenge mission
she's the mysterious orphan okay okay
and she goes out and on the way
discovers what happens to her parents
okay but her adopted father then at the
very least will be the chieftain sure
and something will happen to sure
something will happen to her parental
figure by the way you should know rich
rich and I know nothing about the story
this is complete yeah yeah we have not
read any spoilers I'm oh hey by the way
speaking of and I'm just gonna take a
little break from playing for a moment
speaking of what the fuck is with all of
the reviews coming out like three days
ago for that failing advanced screening
copies we don't what good does it do
your publication if you printed your
review of a game that doesn't come out
for another week and a half you get to
beat other people to the punch I don't
know whatever like every site I go to
for my games news feed has has a review
of zero who Ryan Don and it doesn't come
out until next fucking week and I'm just
I just keep saying to myself why the
fuck are they did they release it so
early early access no I I get it why
they played it that's usually in gay no
games
reviewers usually get copies early but
usually they release that information
like a day or two before the game comes
out not a week and a half I really don't
care what traditional games media is
doing huh it's just strange to me you
gonna review you can't trust a week
earlier that's great why did the
publisher lift the embargo date so early
that's the real question maybe well if
they lifted it that early they must be
confident in it I haven't read it I'm
gonna speculate that's just pure
speculation okay it's confidence
confidence it's probably getting good
reviews okay and they want to hype it up
before zelda comes out because they're
releasing around the same time and they
just know they're gonna get what they
want that they want that good word of
mouth before they get washed out sure
sure so you either get you either get a
week and a half of good word of mouth or
three days before you you know what that
makes an incredible amount of sense rich
that makes an incredible amount of sense
hey let's keep playing oh god I know
I like Dora though let's play Dorado
everybody clicks dicks clicks button
it's called the hype I am I'm really
hyped it almost makes me like not I mean
there's only so much hype in my heart
rich that's my problem and so there's
this zero or horizon horizon and then
there's switch Zelda and it's it's it's
it's tearing me apart the hype I'll see
ya I got i got my zelda concerns
yeah I know you have yourself concerns
what's yours out there concerns the e3
footage that was just linked wandering
around a lot of large impressively large
but empty wilderness areas it's clear
that mountain just climb them up
yeah all right that's her that's fair
okay
we're rich rich has concerns about link
best of the worst but before that Zelda
best of the worse before that we were
talking about horizon new dawn New
Horizons new Verizon dawn Dawn's new
Verizon what a dumb fucking name god I
hate that name
zero zero horizon dollar god what a dumb
name the word it's the war with cyber
sores by the way I think that's gonna be
a good chunk of the review is I want you
to start writing down right now and
we're just gonna say hey by the way rich
and I were available you can hire us
here's some better names for your robot
dinosaure game steal Talent I love it
already
steel talon madam l met him
Oh madam L wild chrome 'dom nice
oh sorry Bastion there were more people
that needed healing and so I needed to
leave you I know that was that might not
have been the smart move but more people
needed healing over here so I chose I
chose the the health of the team over
the help of our major damage output so I
hope you don't blame me for your death
Bastion wick and Scotty 69 misses hey
Jack and rich hi um Jack should get
around to it you know could you invite
me to your game you can I have been
dreaming of playing overwatch with you
since I started playing huzzah uh you
can you just fuck fuck fuck now you just
click on me man
next time I haven't invited anyone to
the game I just start a new game and it
fills up ah you dick
so not you not you you dick but of
course of course when we're done with
both sides of Dorado just you know say
you click on me and join me when needed
monkeys cat says if you were stuck on a
desert island and could only watch one
movie for the rest of your life yeah
which animal would you be
mm good question it's a great question
the important question be be be moody
says I decided to get the new Zelda for
the Wii U and skip the switch altogether
sure sure I hope it's as good as it
looks
I still haven't beat Skyward Sword
though boring and you guys got them
through it yeah I've gotten through it
it was boring
yeah it's boring I did not much care for
Skyward Sword you know what I now be
honest I don't remember if I got through
the game but i I've reached that point
where I I was done motion controls man
just stop just stop intend to stop they
did they stop you got you're done
swinging around a sword is is not as
cool as you think it would be oh yeah
you know what it works fine in uh in a
twenty between that especially when it's
always getting out of sync then just a
problem with you I don't know where you
get that problem from are you kidding
you never had the problem the sword like
never getting stuck over your head no
never I have no idea where he's getting
that from I'm assuming this is jokes
I'm not joking this is not jokes this is
not jokes I you know I'd never had a
problem with the weed oh my god I had to
recalibrate that sword so fucking much
yeah
yep no that's that's just you man
and it's just you
anonymous Edmond did you to see some
a-hole right let us know his badass
Uncharted script is r-rated with crazy
action cutscenes are we supposed to care
it's like a fucked up Beauty and the
Beast thing hashtag not my hot beast I
know very little of assholes and
uncharted scripts very little why are
they making a movie they're already made
a movie I'm not kidding I'm not kidding
I get it
oh right yeah but farther out of the but
says rich I read an article about people
living in the Las Vegas sewers did you
ever did you meet any sewer people when
you clean sewers what what also in your
darkest hours did you ever consider
becoming a sewer people
no question never you know we need sewer
workers but I've never been one
hunchback jack says hi jack and rich
right
loving tonight's stream as usual what
games have you played that you think
have the most replay value you've
completed them but keep going back to
them just to play Thanks I think just
about any game you like right right yeah
I'm trying I'm trying to think of like a
specific I mean again I haven't replayed
many of the Zelda's but sorry sorry oh
yeah that's all right I mean you know
here overwatch is like this is just my
comfort game this is just what I sorry
Hans Ivan I've been ignoring you up
there and I don't mean to I've been I've
been recently replaying blood-borne
because of my disappointment with neo
like I mentioned in the review it does
lose a little bit of the now that you
kind of know what's around every corner
but it still a great game my hobo Joe
run is do it it is going well
shit shit shit shit chick yeah I I can I
can replay XCOM 1 & 2 like right I can
never stop playing those games and I
would be fine but I don't know I think
usually the replayable games are our
action games sure they tend to be more
replayable well but you know also like
with X come it's not just it's not just
about action games it's about the the
random quality so you do you get more
sure sure come here
like like zone of the enders to was like
a 6-hour action game
I've probably replayed it a dozen times
yeah it's just like Helldivers oh you
son of a bitch road hog rich what is
your opinion of Harry Potter I watched
the first movie and he won the day
because his parents loved him and then I
never watched another Harry Potter film
or even thought about reading the books
yep
I know they probably get better than
that I don't know but I don't care about
no wizards
yes yes Vanquish would be in that list
of replayable action games as I said
actually good action games that that is
certainly in the running fuck yeah
you're aiming for me I know you oh you
aim for the healer that's fair but gosh
darnit yeah you know I actually like we
recently relaunched Harry Potter and
what's-his-name Dumbledore is giving up
points at the end and and he's like you
know Ron you get a point for for the
best game of Wizards chess because Ron
you know he didn't he did a good thing
play chess and Hermione you have an
uncanny knowledge so you get points and
Harry because of love it's just like
what that even a thing because of love
sure it's a fine enjoyable series son of
a bitch what is doesn't go after anyone
else just chases me cuz they know you're
jack I know I know
so I never did get that part of it but
it's fine
son of a bitch crop says my apologies
rich
I didn't mean to insinuate that prereq
isn't enough I was just trying to give
you an opening to discuss something
that's interesting you lately that isn't
comic movie game based sure okay
oh yeah like just like a anything new
you know all right is there anything new
yeah there is a new idea we can't talk
about yet but there is a new idea being
thrown around the studio I don't know if
anything will come of it but things I
can't talk about yeah there are things
that we can't talk about nice
hey good game everyone that was a good
game everyone yeah there are things we
can't talk about button Jack well Jack
won Jack won I was I was healing
everyone even though all you fuckers
went after me but I was also the healer
so oh good good teamwork everyone it's
me from the stream invite well now we
have to play the other side so now we
have to play the other side of it and so
we'll do that now our team has to attack
the point because we just defend at that
point now we attack the point yeah I'm
except you know what I'm excited to
either show you guys or tell you about
the projects that we can show you or
tell you about hey you know something
you know what I've been playing recently
you're here a shocker what pokemon go o
go is back baby
go cuz of weather got nice well so you
know the weather got a little nice and
out of the blue my kids who haven't
played pokemon go since summer time
go hey can we go on a Pokemon walk it's
like you remember that game how strange
yeah might be able to be sorry huh I
like being sorry huh
we might be able to push with Azaria if
not I'll change did they fix any of your
issues with the game they did so you
know one of my big issues was we weren't
able to hunt Pokemon yep and they've
fixed it slightly we're you know a bunch
of Pokemon are nearby right and they
will tell you which pokey stop they are
near okay
and so you like instead of you know
walking around the streets you go oh
let's head towards that polka stop
instead and then there's a Pokemon near
there mm-hmm and we went on a few very
nice Pokemon walks and I found myself I
went on a just a walk today because it
was so nice I found myself taking up
Pokemon go cuz it's like well shit yeah
I'll get some pokeballs maybe and then
they added a bunch of new Pokemon I
don't think it'll ever be there a
hundred percent for me again because I'm
not into the gym battles but okay I
think they brought back a lot of good
solo 56 7 says rich yeah I've decided
what I'll miss the most will be all the
salty mass effect fans crying that you
won't play Andromeda when it releases
despite the fact that it looks like hot
garbage we all have regrets in life it's
true either are there a lot of people
who will be mad about me not playing it
probably even though I've been bothered
I've been quite explicit in my lack of
desire to play this game right it's
gonna happen
of course it'll happen where is the
enemy aren't most of the mass effect fan
jizz bitter and uninterested why
wouldn't they be
i I I am just not up on my Mass Effect 8
so I can't I just can't help you I'm
sorry hang out here which will do
anything for 998 dollars but he won't do
that yeah I also won't play final
fantasy for 998 dollars
you had your chance you had your chance
you're jerks and you blew it
sorry chances don't worry there will be
dungeons rich do you prefer the gray or
the red blue switch what do you think Oh
gray break goes with more things than
red and blue maybe if we're like all red
or all blue
I'd be more okay with it yeah I mean
it's just the joy cons yeah ultimately I
just care that it works right right
who's that with it
have a teleporter where did you see it
Clarence ad says rich as George Lucas
please analyze the brilliant decisions
behind the DC Cinematic Universe it's
not as good a Star Wars that's true well
let's go to Star Wars used to be back on
my vision was stolen effect before
before the white slavers got a hold of
it I think I think DC needs to hurry up
and make a spider-man movie yeah cuz
that's the character people seem to like
I don't know why i DC hasn't done
spider-man you know what it actually
took me a little bit to get that I'll be
honest with it you know when I made Star
Wars I basically ripped off dr. doom
wholesale yeah interesting Darth Vader
was essentially just doctor doing it's
weird that you would admit that oh you
know I am I made my money I'm laughing
all the way to the brink
you know they they gave me four billion
dollars for that should i do i do know
that bunch of bunch of fucking teddy
bears in the woods and I invented a
glowing sword that's all I did I just
said you know what for the sword was a
laser and that that got me four billion
dollars just there just that one day one
day some schmuck was in his garage and
said um have a sword was a laser and now
he's a fucking billionaire billions for
own laser sword that's a really that's
all he did that's all I had to do I
could have done anything else
I cried yeah yeah do you think do you
think I thought gun guns were a good
idea I was seeing how far I could push
it it didn't matter as long as there was
a laser sword I've made a billion
dollars
that was great rich that was great
I enjoyed that I sold the laser slowest
hard to white slaver
but you know they did give me four
billion dollars for laser swords yeah
Darkwing schmuck says speaking of Zelda
games yeah
have either of you play dough coming
from Platinum's old studio and probably
the best Zelda clone you know I really
did want to play that Jack if you can
get past the 20-minute unskipable cut
scene intro you'll like it
oh you know I know Jackie can't Jack
will be very bitter about the unskipable
20-minute cutscene probably I've never
played it everyone knows I don't like
animals right
but whatever how did you die I thought
my team was with me and so I set a trap
for them and my team was not with me my
team was dead did and so instead of
killing a lot of people I killed no
people's no people's last night you're
supposed to kill the people you at least
kill one person before you die and I
killed the no peoples and our cart is
stopped now and I'm an embarrassment
here we go now we're moving now we're
moving where's everybody oh there we go
I dyed it but I killed him no that's the
important thing
oh and I were revived boom back in it
so does that death count for the other
person if you get revived yeah did I
kill myself sucking okay that was the
economy it was the one where you like
drew stuff and you were a wolf yes look
pretty I've never played it I'm outta
here with that shit
get out of here with that shit all right
let's rock and roll team ready team
apparently not the blue blazes here's me
taking that bet on what the story will
be in ancient steel with the twist to
ancients deal with the twist being that
there's robot humans and she's one of
them oh yeah that's just the kind of
shocking yet annoying twist they'll
probably do I don't like it when they
pull the rug out from under me with who
I think I am I don't I like it down but
they will certainly do that yes there's
robot humans and she's one of them
or I wonder if they'll go fully you're
hunter from the future so you know like
she's obviously going to be like an
orphan brought in by the dick brought in
by the village and she's on her journey
to you know the other world the other
land and as it turns out she's from the
other leg oh my god and you believe it
fuck oh I turned around to give a shield
to my healer and my healer left me come
on guys last push here we go last push
group up yep that's where we group up we
can do this we got a minute left
the off switch says genuine question
yeah how much was the nerd group podcast
just an excuse for Mike to buy loads of
toys also for zelda review just get some
hats and recreate game footage yourself
I like it
Mike has collected the toys before but
no the nerd crew was not an excuse for
Mike to buy toys
aye-aye-aye was authorized to spend
company money at a store Mike was not
involved and the selection process was
largely based on what I could get like
quantity versus quality I'm looking for
quantity shit the fill shelf space like
if something was on clearance I need one
of them right this is large this is $20
but it's large I can buy one large thing
for 20 bucks or I get like two smaller
action figures for 20 bucks well then
you get the one big large one
that's a good try phone good try I'm
sorry you lost we lost maybe that game
mode is just unbalanced no no is it it
was a fair loss you know I so like in
any push the card the closer you know
the closer you are to the offensive
spawn the offense has bounced foul has a
right as the the balance tipped in their
favor the closer you are to the defense
spawn the balance is flipped in their
favor so the closer the cart gets to the
destination so it seems like the way
this is balanced internally annoyingly
probably gets caught Midway most of the
time they're in little progress happens
no there there are choke points
throughout the path which makes it nice
and so you know like those are the push
points the and so like I've seen it get
caught at the start I've seen it get
caught at every choke point I've seen it
just like there get caught at the end
where we couldn't we couldn't make that
last push
I'm gonna leave the game give everyone a
fresh chance apparently we have a new
people who want to be friends I like
being friends with people Gorgoroth says
your giraffe do you ever just stir it
your face in the mirror and think wow
I'm actually like a person weird like
I'm on a scale of 1 to 10 how insulting
is that and how insulting is that
intended to be no I don't think that's
intended to be insulting I think that
was just supposed to be like one of
those like I'm a person so yes I mean
sometimes I'll just look in the mirror
and go this is what I look like
same face of always been staring at a
little bit worse for wear sometimes
thank you just something's just like
people are ok with me looking like this
I guess they're alright like I go out I
talk to people and then they don't you
know recoil and disgust so I don't think
that was meant to be insulting to us I
just think that was I think that person
is probably high perhaps on some sort of
drugs I'm gonna take a little stand-up
break and grab a beer yeah that's
I'm gonna do rich we'll take a break
I'll read you know I read one last
comment yeah
and then we'll take a break take a
little break II thorin sad says once
Warner Brothers eventually reboots the
DC Universe in six months or six years
well they blame snacks Zack Snyder or
just rehire him will he get the blame
Zack Snyder yeah that's a good question
publicly he won't know publicly there'll
be an announcement
well Zacks going on to do other things
and we appreciate the time he spent but
internally will they be pissed at him
internally I'm sure they're already
pissed at why are they still going with
him though because because he has a very
good agent and so he signed a contract
with with the rampant both financial and
critical success of the Marvel movies
everybody at Warner Brothers knows that
their movies aren't doing as well as
they should that rests solely on Zack
Snyder but they're still making money
they're not doing terrible not making as
much as issue they're still making money
they're still making money they could be
losing money Nick that's true they could
be losing money well so no like and I
think that's where the real that's where
the real problem comes in if they were
losing money that's an easy deal oh he's
losing money he's out right but they're
not not making money they're just not
making as much as they should
are they going to quietly get rid of
Zack Snyder and try and salvage what
they already have or are they just going
to kick them out the door and re reboot
what's the worst decision possible keep
Zack Snyder no the worst decision
possible is to keep Zack Snyder and stay
the course that's what they're gonna do
then okay they are terrible at making
decisions if the same people are still
in charge then they are going to keep
Zack Snyder in charge and stay the
course
the second worst decision which I could
also see is they get rid of Zack Snyder
and stay the course because it's just a
grim glum universe like they need a
reboot but they also need a break I
still think the best thing they could do
we talked about a last dream is to have
this lead into the injustice where this
Superman and Batman where this Justice
League flat out becomes tyrannical yes
and then the real Superman comes in from
the different universes to save the day
the actual Justice League that would be
that would be so fucking amazing that
would make that would make billion
dollars I agree
but before we take a break because we're
talking about this can we talk about
idiots that comment on our YouTube
channel for a moment sure we can as
we're bringing this up if people
remember last stream I made a little I
made a little highlight clip of it I got
a little angry about someone who accused
the CW Superman of being boring and
one-dimensional or blind in one
dimension and I said of course he is
because that's what Superman should be
and I went on my little Superman rants
about how Superman is a boring Boy Scout
but more importantly that's what I like
about Superman yeah and I thought that
was really clear in the highlight that I
like the Superman because he's a
one-dimensional boring Boy Scout the
comment section never underestimate the
power of stupid is trying to prove me is
trying over and over and over again
proving me wrong asking me why I don't
like Superman when the entire point of
the highlight is why I like this one
specific Superman and it's like there's
a lot of things about comments that I
can ignore but blatant stupidity did you
know we were wrong about Neal were we
yeah they were wrong about Neal what did
why we were wrong about you cuz it's a
PlayStation 4 exclusive
ah you know we didn't kind of like it
yeah to be fair most of the review is
pointing out the flaws been sure that
was just easier to do yeah well because
and because then things that was doing
right it wasn't doing spectacularly
amazingly right it's just again oh the
main things is a sword and that's okay
for a Kurosawa gamma because the sword
was fucking useless all you needed to
chain check you didn't you didn't you
know you didn't upgrade all of your
skill points by the way I did later you
did later and and you know what I got I
got a ton of extra moves I could do the
block move and you know when I used them
zero times I I 0 times I used a lot of
skill points and like to unlock sword
abilities yeah and they were all useless
or awkward to use because you know they
did that active stupid reload thing to
activate it yeah I eventually just
started using the Kurosawa comma and I
didn't need to put any skill points in
that because it was comically
overpowered that one specific stance so
I didn't really need that that stance
switching mechanic that was useless
because she just needed to use the one
stance with the Korea so gamma it really
did nice cool upgrades blinking around
but before we shot the episode rich and
I were having this conversation and I
really thought that it was my like all
the gameplay footage was going to be
ruined because that's that's 95% of my
playthrough and Richard said the same
thing it made me feel so great for those
who want to join when we come back my
battle that tag is har Lac which is har
la CK number one eight seven four har
Lac number one 874 so if you want to
join us when we come back good siren in
the chat you might be able to beat the
game with the sword I'm not saying it's
it's impossible or completely useless
the point is the curio summer gamma is
so much better why would you bother
right why would you bother to think and
switch stances when there's that one
thing you can do or like that works so
amazingly well is difficult and so you
every player will eventually lean
towards the path of least resistance
it's it's more efficient just to use
this one weapon and mash the square
button I might feel differently if using
the sword were actually fun if there
were some maybe like a combo system that
you could use right right but it wasn't
you swing all right we're gonna take a
little break we're gonna take a little
break we're gonna go like that we're
like that there's a little we'll be back
and I'm gonna turn the camera off I know
about YouTube's unskipable commercials
that are popping up more and more
they're getting rid of the 30-second
ones so they could be shorter yeah okay
yeah yeah YouTube I've gotten some
unskipable 30 second ones ago we're
gonna we're coming back so we can talk
about this I might actually have this
like it made me actually think about
getting ad block the unskipable
30-second ones first of all it's
terrible this terrible but no no that's
their stupid decision that almost made
me get adblock oh I'm like on the verge
of doing it because then I get that
30-second unskipable one especially if
the video I'm watching a shorter yes
that's bullshit they are they are
officially abandoning the 30-second
unskipable the 12 or 11 second ones I
don't mind it all right right unskipable
30 or more yeah fuck that fuck that
right fuck that right in the asshole
yeah unfortunately when you when you
choose to put ads on them you can't
necessarily tweak which ads you get in
the start their 30-second unskipable or
not you don't have ad block question
mark exclamation point we're content
creators I don't know if you guys
understand how we make money well this
is why things like patreon are nice
which you see some appreciate appreciate
that your patron I use that adblock I
don't give no fucks that's great all
right now we're in a great
