Episode 057
BotW, not BotW. (Part 1)
April 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4qB4Y8Nw2I
___________________________________________

so we're playing this two days in a row
we're playing this two days in a row you
know why cuz weather is a new game we're
gonna and you know what we got to play
it to review about it anyway so why not
play it on stream hey everybody welcome
I see a lot of people are already
talking about one to switch
why well here's the important thing to
note about one to switch for us it is no
longer a fifty dollar game it was a it
was a what you mean it's no longer a
fifty dollar yeah it was a fifteen
dollar game for us because I the very
next day Monday morning ah took my ass
to gamestop
because I didn't want to wait until
everyone realized that the game was
garbage and was trading it in I wondered
if negative word-of-mouth had caused
them to lower the price and real funding
not yet people you know because this
would end the well that's what I wanted
to I wanted to exchange it like I
couldn't not in good conscience could I
return it right but I I exchanged it
into into Game Stop and got some I got
some credit for it and I got thirty five
dollars worth of credit for it which is
insane so I mean the end and the guy the
guy behind the counter was asking me
about it like oh so soon this doesn't go
I was like this game is garbage sell
this as quickly as you can to get it out
of your store because this will be in
the five dollar bin within two weeks as
soon as everyone has a switch you know
one will want this game and you know
it's not like he would have lowered the
price because they just type it into a
computer but and then I started talking
to him about a switch launch game or
switch games I was like oh I'd like to
put this towards some switch games but
you know there's nine of them there's
nine switch games available right now
rich and and two of them two out of the
nine are shovelknight games yeah yeah
yeah I notice then what is the
difference
well one's the specter of shadow its the
specter night they saw that separately
like if you already bought shovel Knight
on PC you get you should get a free a
free dlc but apparently it's a whole new
game unlike the plague of shadows which
where you got the place plague night oh
wait I was thinking of that so they have
something different now yeah so so they
have regular shovel knight they had
plague of shadows which was basically
just re skinning shovel knight as the
plague Knight right but now there's
Specter player specter of shadows or
whatever their spectra night one and
apparently they've also like changed the
levels they reuse a lot of assets but so
two out of the nine games available for
the switch are shovel knights games
shovel knight and chevron ID specter of
torment right then you got you got Zelda
you got one two switch
you got snipper clips yeah what else do
have you have a racing game yeah yeah I
am said soon a which is a like a JRPG oh
shit there's Bomberman Bomberman and and
and you only want the available now ones
right what's what's available right now
well a few hours
I think Master Blaster is available but
oh I think that's a few are I think a
key knows that comes up in ninth there's
one more there's one more available
right now
who's a chat Bomberman snipper club
chant you gotta help us out here that's
not the Mario Kart one right no markers
not out yet it's the fucking it's the
wii u version
why was there a delay on Mario Kart
right right why is there a delay on
anything
Isaac was supposed to be a launch game
kind of dishonest shit is that right is
it just dance
oh god no Jan Just Dance 2017 which of
course you're not gonna remember because
it's just dance 2017 this this is an
incredibly weak lineup no it's not
because all they really need is Zelda no
but all they really need to sell the
system is OVA it's a great lineup it's a
fantastic ride him but Zelda's available
also on the arms of you right but you
can get him for pretty cheap you can get
a Wii U for pretty cheap right now and
the Wii U also has stuff like YouTube
and Netflix and then you won't be able
to play the new Mario game they
advertise right right right
Just Dance is 60 bucks yeah okay just
dances fuck you I'm sure some people
will enjoy it
I'm sure some people will have a great
time there's a cuckoo quest in this game
of course like there isn't in a lot of
Zelda games I'm one shy I've got I got
nine of the fucking tent cuckoos is
there anything like under that bridge in
the waters you know sometimes you go
you're gonna think we're gonna have
water cuckoos well like we're what if
that water path leads you you don't want
to drown it's so easy to drown in this
game it's not worth a cuckoo to drown
console launch lineups are usually
garbage nothing new here that's you know
maybe the thing that really bothers me
there it there just seems to be a lack
of forethought here like we talked about
this a little bit on Sunday where it's
like you have now a new mobile ready
device that does not have YouTube and
Netflix on it yeah it doesn't have a web
browser on it and and these are these
are things that people or at least that
I these are things that I would expect
with any major console release these
things are just normal streaming
services web browsers these are things
that I I think are now commonplace with
with gaming machines we're integrating
them all into one what are you what are
you waking her up for great you seen my
chicken grandma needs a nap grandma
needs a nap I stargazing because this
console needed more time in the oven
yeah you know maybe did you climb all
the trees is it in a tree how much time
I'm gonna spend looking for a fucking
chicken you got to look for the chicken
wrench I'm not gonna waste all day all
stream looking for chicken this could be
the greatest stream ever just finding
the chicken finding the chicken stream
but finding the chicken stream may be
the greatest letdown ever well no we it
can't end here's that here's the fun
thing it can't end until you find the
chicken what if you need to like get a
much further in the game to find the
chicken what the game was like on the
top of Hyrule Castle the chicken you
mean yeah the chicken is on the top of
Hyrule Castle I don't believe that no
one ever said the chickens were all in
the village that's what you would expect
from sidequest
maybe the they're messing with your
expectations jaga
is it up there before my help was that
was up there wait was it I just saw
something in the path Oh
yeah you know he had a brightly colored
shirt I thought he might have been a
chicken I've had him might have been a
chicken I think sushi
ah I'm going with she there's no way to
know there's no way to know rich yes I
don't know I know they have no software
ready for launch and there's tons of
hardware defects I know a lot of people
are complaining about screen there's a
little up there oh it's an arrow I think
a lot of people are complaining about
scratching local arrows scratching their
screens putting it back in the dock yeah
yeah I don't care about the handheld
aspects
stay in the back most of the time I
haven't I have no scratches on my screen
I will say I am though extra double
super careful every single time I put it
in my dock Oh for fuck's sake checking
out there where's that fucking chicken
you got to find the chicken Ridge I want
my fucking chicken Jack this isn't a
joke Jack I started horizon zero dawn
dawn zero horizon a few days ago I
highly suggest you do a stealth melee
heavy skill bill that makes taking out
the big machine so much easier see that
that's the thing that I love about it
though is that little back and forth the
the greatest thing that actually we
didn't notice as we were having our
horizon zero dawn conversation okay was
we were talking about I was saying like
oh the big fights are so frantic and
hectic yeah and I find myself just
making it out by the skin of my teeth
and you go no they're not hectic at all
they're there premeditated and they're
stealthy yeah and you know like you get
to do all the stuff and you know what
rich they're both they're both because I
play my way and you play your way and
that's good game design one of one of
the one of the someone on the dev team
of horizon zero dawn though
the person actually who is in charge of
robot dinosaure AI yeah saw our review
and really enjoyed that we enjoyed it
did they apologize that it's on the ps4
well there will be no mouse support oh
all he said was fighting big he quoted
us as saying fighting the the giant
beast battles is fucking phenomenal and
he goes that's all that matters it's
fucking phenomenal someone is saying if
someone is asking if you checked on the
roof of the clothing shop oh god damn it
you're spoiling the shit for me now
aren't you huh
I think they're helping I know you check
the roof that one specific room it
sounds sounds like they know something
no I guess it sounds like they know
something they might did you check in
PES roof as I see all these roofs here
right now I'm just looking I'm just
hanging out in these mountains dude dude
abuse them on time Yeah right
oh do you have controller anymore yeah
Oh interesting you know how I hate
aiming with an analog stick Jeff I dunno
yeah you could you find it easier to aim
with the controller ah using the
commotion controller you need a
combination of both you couldn't just
aim with this right interesting
hi from Norway but I'll do the
broad-strokes with an analog stick and
then I'll fine tune with the okay Vence
tree I got a $35 trade-in for one to
switch oh is that him where he's right
under the he's on the up there all right
there we go I don't think that's the
clothing shop but there is nice clothing
shop oh well there you go
I guess I guess thanks I learned at the
waist all stream with me looking for a
chicken well yeah it looked like you had
already given up anyway oh you were
right on the verge of Justin saying fuck
it's like that okay we got it we got the
chicken thank you where's the chicken
guide yeah where's my are you is that
him
I'm chases ass down I got your fucking
chickens
oh wait now you know mistaken identity
I'm sorry sir
all you highly else look alike you
people all look alike with me curry
curry Kiko Village People shag ohad says
something obviously in jest
yes mouse and keyboard aiming is
bullshit too easy takes all the
challenge out of the game I and I'm
going to hear that as a joke High Street
CEO hi welcome everybody welcome
everybody
oh great
LT LT Smash says I finally looked up
this mythical peepee poo-poo song
everybody is talking about God is that
the biggest regret of your life at this
point I still I'm okay with that video I
made a goofy video sure and I made a
goofy video and people are like people
go like do you know how goofy that is
it's like yeah it's goofy like do you
know how dumb it is yeah I made it dumb
Jack Jack no so goofy it is I know that
it's dumb and people like think that
that surprises me so anyway I the
mythical pee pee poop was something
everybody's talking about and came
across Jack's channel what a giant shit
show I don't mean that as an insult I
mean literally great stuff I don't think
glowing bunny rabbit I need to kill him
yes you do why did he give you
rubies what what
Oh hit him wait what's that what switch
what the fuck is dead
it's a glowing plant no look at that
yeah I know I'm on my way there Jack
it's not going anywhere
I didn't go back there shit imagine a
great fairy shrine near the village so I
want to check that out oh this is what I
found there are there appears to be
fairies can I talk to them oh you can
just catch them oh well that's what you
do with fairies hold them captive Jack's
biggest regret in life is buying one to
switch for a full price or I don't know
you know what rich and I did a community
service right right we played it so all
of you guys don't have to and if your
friends say hey I got a switch I'm
thinking about grabbing some games have
you heard anything about one to switch
you know what you can tell them you can
tell nope but a perfect dammit nope
so we did a community service oh I like
that the farce awakens are you guys
doing sales of the whole stream I
recommend adding a counter to the top
right of the stream showing how many
your weapons rich has broken through
normal use not many I have I've learned
to change my tactics up mm-hmm
I don't I don't rely on my swords I
don't rely on running and going yeah
yeah yeah yep yeah yeah they do break I
think far too easily and actually it
frustrates me I I have found myself just
because you're fairly weak in general
yeah yeah at least I am you know early
in the game as part of it but I've
avoided encounters mm-hmm yeah and when
there's been like a camp I really wanted
to take out to get that dead chest yeah
I've been doing smart things like
headshot arrow ruie throw bomb in there
detonate the bomb yeah oh wait no there
there by a flaming Beryl use a flaming
arrow I've been I've been doing of
things yeah yeah I'm with you I'm with
you I still think it's very frustrating
one of the most frustrating things for
me as far as like the weapons braking is
concerned is there's before you do yeah
yeah I'm I'm actually waiting
specifically for you to finish the the
problem is when you get a cool new
weapon it's never it's never oh yeah
moment it's a now I never want to use
this weapon cuz it'll break yes
so like getting the new weapon is a
chore instead of a reward well you can
look at the numbers - I mean well they
have different durability as I guess I
don't know here's the problem here's my
issue with the weapon thing yeah
they have a number associated with them
yeah but there's like two values
strength and durability right but they
don't give you a durability right they
don't they don't uh what do you say
quantify they don't quantified
durability yeah right yeah that's
irritating very irritating not only do I
wonder the base durability I want to
know how much durability is left on that
particular sword right here right all
you know is whether it has some it's
glowing red means it's about to or it's
broken
yeah like that those are the three
states of a weapon - about - and broken
about well ok normal and about normal
about - and broken well broken is just
non-existent well so the only two states
are normal and about to 0 is still a
number of rich no it's not yeah it's an
old man tie number well no zero is the
number in between positive and negative
numbers zero zero as a cap date of being
kept philosophic question is zero a
number or the absence of any numbers
zero is the number between 1 and
negative 1 number files has a video on
whether time zero is odd or even
let's yeah but zero as a philosophical
state of being yes is nothingness but
the number zero is a number yes
yes zeros a number zero is the horizon
zero is a number zero is a number zero
is a number thank you Jeff fuck's sake
Thank You Chet sometimes Jack is smart
I'm gonna hit a on this thing okay let's
watch I'm gonna regret this boy sweet
boy
please listen to my story oh yeah sure
sure I'll listen to the giant plant
story I am the great fairy co Terra
mmm this place was once a beautiful
spring but it's time past fewer and
fewer travelers arrived to offer me
rupees as a result my power has
abandoned me oh oh she's a fraud well
just fucking she's the the fairy
equivalent of a televangelist you didn't
have enough fight and give me money
rich what do we know about what do we
know about energy in the universe is as
you cannot create something from nothing
so she needed rupees to create
life-giving magic over I think this
proof once again money is stronger than
faith nearly powerless now so I beg your
health I need rupees rupees your money
we're gonna praise the old mother we're
gonna praise the old mother I'm sending
the word out so it's not the old mother
in this game what's the goddess forgot
it okay I need everyone everyone to dig
deep we're gonna give to the goddess
give me ten rupees and I swear the power
of healing will come back to you tenfold
it's gotta be a good televangelist mr.
Cohen mr. Kali
I could I could really really
rip people off for a living
waiting for that handout look at that
giant lady hand hand them over to me
quickly I want the thing yeah whatever
the thing is gonna be look at that look
here you go I'll keep my rupees here you
go did she smack me
no she just snatched okay
I thought she smacked me like another
sign hand comes out Mac slink around I'd
be great and be great oh the power of
money it's overflowing alright let's see
what the fairies look like Thanks
it's like the Ocarina of Time fairies
she looks great oh she's beautiful
oh what a feeling that first breath of
fresh air after an eternity of decay
it's just so intoxicating thanks to you
I've been returned to my former glory
girl yeah you is as I say one good turn
deserves another
I can help you boy shit girl allow me to
enhance your clothing I've been asleep
for a while I know I'm saying it's the
least I can do but I will need the
necessary materials Oh power availed me
you should be able to enhance your
clothing a little bit shake if you get
enhance isn't something more than that
I'm saying I was a sex joke well one
cannot have something I'm wearing oh you
can get defensive buffs all right all
right
with just boku blend horns oh that's a
sweet deal let me do my thing shit girl
you'd do it all you want
see there all the time I hope so I gotta
get out if I found an outfit I like I'm
gonna want to maximize that shit yeah
set bonuses clothes that have all been
enhanced twice could have a bonus only
if you wear the whole set and not all
sets have a bonus can you enhance your
hood again oh you need more materials
interesting you just sold a bunch of
forms to now I feel so stupid
Oh like you're gonna have a hard time
getting those horns back those things
those things are easy they're easier to
come by than fucking crickets you know
how hard it is to catch crickets in this
game rich that was not a joke crickets
are difficult to catch in this game this
game is full of giant women it's kind of
great it is kind of great I mean that's
great
that's you know what that is that this
is a fantasy adventure you run into a
giant hot lady this is great this is
exactly the kind of shit you need in
your Zelda game
all right let's see what we got here
let's see uh only child says hey guys I
wanted to thank Jack for recommending
both wool and the expanse both hooked me
right away and I've been recommending
them to other science fiction fans
thanks hey you're welcome only child
yeah those are my go-to as far as a good
sci-fi and I have his new book Hugh
Howey the guy who wrote wall has a new
book out and it's just been sitting
waiting for me to read it because we've
been busy you know
right playing games that's that's even
the same music another way lizard
Ketchum you don't need you can just go
up and grab them and maybe the fast
just kill you know it's in here oh boo
boo boo boo all right let's see here TC
LP nine nine nine says glad you guys
liked horizon zero dawn but how did you
not see that a boy's father figure
should have been called no instead of I
know I know I feel really dumb about
that now no but did you hear about that
roast how you say rust in German yeah
either way either way we should have
caught on we should have but you know
what we were just too busy I like I was
i rolling so hard at a lie that I
couldn't even hear his name lift your
head back up you fucking thing oh he's
got some durability though you can get
him or maybe not
nobody's gone man he's gone he said you
were looking for a torch earlier ya
couldn't find it torch I could not find
it what why did you need a torch
specifically no spoilers
really okay well it was part of it we
just wanted to start a fire like you
there's other ways to start fires yeah
okay okay yeah I've found some flint to
start fires have you found flint yet
yeah yeah actually I'm hoping to get
some now nice yeah I know there's other
ways to start fires but uh no there's a
specific quests that required me to have
a torch and I did not have one on me
because I'm so paranoid about not having
weapons for fights that I dropped all my
torches and so then I had to spend a
good maybe 15 minutes like walking
around the woods looking for a torch
eventually I found one by the way did
you find where to upgrade your storage
space for things no he was on the path
to this village I don't talk to people
well oh no and you know what I didn't
come to this village on the path okay I
came flying down from the Millican
Mountain let me help you
yeah see this and this road here to take
care we go village I remember exactly
where in that road but start from some
I'm sorry start from somewhere about
here just to be safe but he's probably
nowhere near that far kosher follow that
road you know this little little leafy
guys you find yeah there's a giant one
just standing on the road to the right
oh and those little nuts they're giving
you yeah you can trade them to him and
he'll let you upgrade oh that's great
either sword or shield or weapon that's
you let me do it twice before he
disappeared now I got to find him
somewhere else yeah yeah but I got to I
got to like sword slot upgrades out of
that I need that yeah and I have a bunch
of those nuts so go to that road great
oh that's great to know
yeah I've been I've been a free four
minute I've just been wandering and I
prefer I prefer like climbing a mountain
and then float
mmm the fairy music rich the fairy music
there are 900 seeds I'm not shocked
that's fucked that's great I'm not even
gonna try and find them all it's a
continuous pain in the ass no you can't
but
well I'm sure someone will I'm sure you
know what's the what's the under over
that someone already has found all of
them the game's been out for less than a
week dr. Joyce I have not I have not
been listening to any new music the very
first thing like when I was editing I've
been really digging when I edited this
last episode I've been strawberry girls
really helped me because it's you know
like fast paced and no vocals so that's
really helpful just to keep my momentum
going you can make it some up here right
sounds totally gonna be something here
you know what rich sometimes there's not
gotcha
the very first thing I did something I
cannot listen to while editing is the
hip hop that I like because it's just
too verbose I think the question that is
why do you like hip hop
what do you mean well I can't listen to
it while I'm editing because it's you
and me talking so then I have to listen
to you and me talking and then I have to
hear them talking in the back I was
insulting hip hop that's yeah and I'm
not taking your insult because it's I'm
not taking your insult of hip hop so
yeah because I really enjoy hip hop why
Wow it's like poetry it's like poetry
with a beat it's like poetry that they
stick somebody else's music up right you
know nothing about hip-hop so we're
gonna stop you're gonna stop talking
about it
so the what I heard the first thing I
listen to right after I was done editing
the horizon zero dawn episode was run
the jewels both one two and three
because they're fucking great albums and
I just blasted them while uploading to
YouTube but more importantly link I can
hear the sound of cuckoo flapping is
talking like trouble in soso village
distressing what he says more
importantly yeah yes I found you I found
your cuoco what do I get
what do I get do I get jack shit I'm
gonna guess I can check yep Altimas are
bad rappers sample songs there are very
good producers that make their own beats
50 rupees for five apples I'm gonna find
five apples well before I find your 10
fucking cuckoo I'm gonna I'd bomb your
chickens but I know what happens when
you would check the tank chickens oh
yeah what is rich here's what you do
here's what you do to piss them off go
into the into the nest just take a
couple those chickens throw them out how
about you give me another 50 bucks and
I'll put your chickens back in yeah just
throw a couple out yeah Alan oh and
guess what
boom not in the nest anymore oh I'm
sorry fifty rupees are you looking at
this yeah you look at this yeah I'm
sorry did you not know I'm the fucking
hero of the land and I helped your ass
out with these cuccos what do I look
like to you an illegal day laborer did
you find me at Home Depot did you find
me at the Home Depot parking lot sir
sir gotta get there
there's your goddamn chicken sir good
day a good day
God Father yes rich put an apple in the
middle thing that's great
see if I get to that one shrine where's
my horse where's my horse
where is my horse
he not run through town for chicken I'm
gonna kill them oh okay yeah you know
the other thing and it's just it's a pet
peeve of mine just in general with
comments you know rich made a specific
comment on one of the best of the worst
for the other just you know if you see
someone has already made the comment you
are thinking about typing in the YouTube
coming then you know you you thumbs up
that comment yeah yeah as a
representation of yours but all of the
like like the what was that movie the
the move the Battle of beyond the stars
yeah the entire comment was people
saying that just thumb up the one and
then that one goes to the top so it's
easier for us to see instead of
everybody's family I wasn't even talking
about the like is this replacing Shen it
wasn't even referring to that right no
and so uh a very popular thing to point
out for the horizon zero dawn episode is
that the ps4 supports mouse and keyboard
yeah
which is true the only problem is
horizon zero dawn does not support mouse
and keyboard people are talking about
like third-party adapters which aside I
know very little about I have to look
into this yeah I don't know that I trust
them it seems like it would be done in a
half assed manner because it is
certainly not officially supported and
then you spend a hundred and thirty
thirty dollars to get one of these
things and let's say Sony decides now
gives the multiplayer we don't want the
sported and they brick it they do
something to the firmware and they break
it but a blizzard has already like
publicly stated that they don't like
them because it gives people what they
consider an unfair
I want to play a single-player game with
a fucking Mouse well and and oh it's the
most frustrating thing in the world
there's there's also like a big concern
of so what they do is they they find a
way to map of what the analog stick
would do to the mouse and so there are
big concerns on whether or not like the
accuracy is there the speed is there
right you have to really fuss with it
and it's a hundred and thirty dollars
right I would rather just play a game
that comes out on PC that I enjoy
exactly and so like but everybody in the
comments and it's just like your point
is moot one you know if you're making a
point just about mouse keyboard it's not
supported if you're making a point about
buying a hundred and thirty dollar thing
no that's dumb that's dumb no more film
that episode we had a minor discussion
about bringing up the mouse thing he
said you you told me you bring that up a
lot rich like no I'm gonna bring that up
I and and that's the thing I I think I
said that before before we film it's
like you know I know you want to talk
about the mouse thing but you talked
about the most thing a lot where's the
thing yeah it's important and that's why
I left it in the episode for one I know
it's important to you I'm gonna talk
about it yeah until they fucking let you
natively use this shit on a fucking
console that's what I'll fuckin stop
talking about it for another thing for
for all of the people like bitching
about you keep talking about that uh you
just learned use the controller's just
as good there were also a lot of people
who like yeah I'm glad I know that there
are a lot of people agreeing with me so
I'm glad because that's something you
wouldn't open you look at horizon zero
dawn you might not think how about how
important aiming is gonna be in a game
like thank you you think a mouse and
shooters guns right you see a game when
you're running around in the woods you
might not think that you know uses maybe
as a straight-up auto targeting that
goes right to the week's points you know
you may not know right and if you're a
mouse person that's it very much does
detract from the enjoyment and it was
important to bring up we live in an age
where people have multiple gaming
systems they have gaming PC's and it's a
valid argument that's why I left it in
the episode and rich brings it up all
the time not everyone watches every
single video and so if there's a valid
argument
about a game that we've made it firm for
another game we're going to make it for
that game because that might be
someone's first episode so yeah never go
climbing without a stamina potion it's
just it's just it's just bad form
I see you've you've upgraded your hearts
twice and not you're saying yeah yeah
you know why why because you just need
some shrooms and your stamina back
things kill you easily I've decided that
hearts are more important cuz I can say
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go cook some of
those stamina shrooms yeah and like from
halfway up a mountain when I'm running
out of stamina I just pop one of those
I'm good I've upgraded my stamina twice
and my heart's only once and I like
having the extra stamina yeah it's
trade-off that I'm making yes it's my
strategize everybody has different
leftover beefcake has a comment says I
didn't really care about the game I was
marveling at that awesome couch with the
nice armors great couch
we had some lighting issues I did see
some people in the comments what do you
what do you what do you need now thanks
goddaughter wonder about why it was lit
so funniness this is very dramatic
lighting for a conversation about
horizon zero dawn it's it was dramatic
because I messed up in the wide shot the
light on rich was the light on Rich's
face specifically was incredibly bright
and the way in which I had to mess with
that to make it look halfway decent and
I think it looks halfway decent my job
is to adjust the lights for the other
one for the other shots to to make it
I'll match and so that's why the the
lighting looks so harsh obviously we're
still figuring out with the new shooting
location in here we're still figuring
out lighting and stuff but we're getting
we're getting somewhere rich with our
lighting we're getting somewhere
salt grilled steak oh that stores almost
nothing more
that was bad advice I got to add rock
salt to Rami it's terrible
why did it that it's not worth it at all
what did you get I get this two hearts
well what's the five hearts no no what's
that five mean there's a tiny little
five on one of those hearts wait oh
because I used five ingredients and
something cuz I used five well no I
didn't use find of anything I didn't use
five or more things in general yeah but
what does that find me in that I'm
something he's buying a we you for this
worth it depends on how much you like
the game at this point
and what else what else do you get with
the Wii U you get Mario maker which
isn't terrible you got you get Mario
maker I don't want to I didn't want to
try and cook a fairy you got I'm not
that heartless I'm not that heartless I
can't do it coughing I'm not cooking the
fairy what does it say on it cook the
fairy oh no no that's that's an instant
death health refill I'm not cooking that
no I'm not cooking the fairy look I'm
not cooking the fairy I'm cooking the
and cook a fairy
I need to let you know that I'm going to
cook it I think you know what that
thing's gonna have the minute you take
it out the powers gonna fly away from so
this thing's gonna happen and that's why
I don't want to do it that's a good item
to have and I don't want to fucking
wasted well the fairies if they work
like they work in other games is also
like a self revive right yeah where if
you die the fairy I'm zooming yeah
Oh what I used too many what are you
alright
yeah well okay so if you buy with you
you get you get this you get your all
the Nintendo's you getting your Mario
Kart you get your Super Smash Brothers
you get Super Mario maker you get all of
these side-scrolling Mario's yes to new
super mario brothers you the the Super
Mario 3d Land there there's a lot of
games and a lot of them are probably
fairly inexpensive at this point if you
buy used for what it's worth I'm really
enjoying this but combat wise yeah
nothing like your neurology because the
weapon breaking it changes a lot the
weapon breaking it really it really it
really changes a lot and it makes combat
I feel more stressful than I would like
okay by the way what was raining I could
not climb these cliffs
oh I know that I thought it was oh I
guess they're trying to wall you off or
something no it was just the rain it's
because rain makes things slippery
that's kind of neat yeah oh yeah
Bayonetta 2 Pikmin 3 Xenoblade if you're
into that the new Luigi game what I've
heard this actually might run better on
the Wii U it does the benchmarks say
that it runs more it runs that it's
fucking sad it runs smoother on the Wii
U that is fucking sad yeah I know
oh also like if if you're a fan like if
you don't have the binding of issac yet
by any of isaacs on that were you like
there's a there's a ton of games like
the shovel knight games if i'm i don't
know if you have like a pc or whatnot i
don't know where you're coming from as a
gamer i can only presume you're not
talking to me right now
no no whoever asked whoever asked the
question about buying a Wii U at this
point oh yeah so now that it's raining
rich won't be able to climb on many
things
here let's try let's try great I got
stuck on a rock ones for like an hour
Oh coz it was raining cuz I was mountain
climbing and it was terrible just rained
like in game hour you know so that it
was just like five minutes but yeah just
for five minutes I had to just sit in a
rock you could have teleported somewhere
oh of course but I was on oh I was on a
mission can you climb words Green nope
nope slippery the wild horses wild
horses you already have a horse yeah I
got a shitty horse though what's the
shitty horse
there's them all they have ratings they
have stars and what do they I talked to
somebody about horses at like a stable
and horses that are one color harder to
tame but there you fucking skeleton you
scared off my oars they're fucking gone
man
they're fucking gone I'll catch up let's
just go nobody cares bongos yeah do we
want black for browner fastest I have
I've got this is the thing there's like
I'm saying how do you tame horses okay I
mean all right let's see here Indian
Valley line says what are your hopes
well it's God ready Oh Waylon oh you got
some bad guys on horses yeah no that's
all right they don't see it
instead of them Indian Valley line says
what are your hopes for from softs next
game assuming it isn't a Dark Souls or
blood-borne sequel I hope it's
blood-borne - what do you mean well they
may we know the game they make what do
you mean what are my hopes for it
Fred from from soft makes exactly one
kind of game the souls born game if they
came out with like a cutesy
side-scrolling platformer I would be a
little concerned about that well they
made 3d Dot Heroes and that's actually
really good
oh did they yeah that's a homage to the
classic siren I remember I remember I
wasn't particularly into it that stream
well I love that game I know you do I
know you do here here's what I hope from
softs does whatever the fuck they want
they they've they've earned enough clout
as far as I'm concerned with the souls
Bourne series let them do what they do
that's gallant and scared off my horses
Jack oh is that him over there there's
that yeah well maybe you can steal his
horse I don't want to steal this horse I
want to tame one he's got the same kind
I had oh sorry I'm sorry rich
you're boning your buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
your boat your boku bow broke just in
time I got another one
hey that's a goat that wasn't a horse
nope yep got him while he was in motion
- that was pretty sweet
you little fucker get your ass back here
where are you going now he's looking for
you again what nice Dodge Ridge nice
who is that a horse is that your horse
is that the brown horse that's it him
that's him or the black horse let's see
here Sara Jenn Oh actually you know what
you know I was thinking of just as I was
saying like from software has has earned
the the club to do whatever they want as
far as I'm concerned you know who has
not earned the column to do whatever he
wanted he's a Dean Hall the man who
created and then abandoned Daisy oh yeah
yeah do you remember you might not
remember that I never I was never
interested but I remember hearing about
it well at Microsoft's e3 he announced
his new game a giant space mm oh yeah
why would anybody give him any kind of
her who's the bad one who was the ones
that were like with the Russian one
there was a daisy knockoff I think is
the one I'm thinking of oh yeah yeah
Daisy I'm just I was never that
interested to begin with I never played
it right right but there was a daisy
knockoff like a Russian knockoff
that was just a flat-out scam right
that's what I'm thinking up so I take
that
oh no this is the guy like I don't even
know if Daisy has officially come out
yet or if it's still technically in in
early access yeah did it oh you know
what I like the gray I like that that's
a nice-looking horse they got their rich
alright I gotta go find a saddle for in
the shit okay
no shit on no not up the mountain rich
well he's a stupid horse
Oh Oh God did he die oh no your horse is
dead Plan B he was a fourth you as a
fourth stock was was and you know what
he was living it he was living his
peaceful life he was just frolicking in
the grass and then the second you jumped
on him to get involved in his life he
gets caught in the crossfire heat you
Jason taught at him
I am yeah way to go way to go look I'm
alive and that's all I care about the
stupid horse tried to run up a mountain
horses you you need the more time you
spend with a horse
the more they listen to you well I had
fun for seconds I'm explaining that too
I'm explaining that's people who watched
horse training is a thing they want you
to like bond there they're not like
Epona was in the old game right
it doesn't just listen to you no matter
what they can they can be a little bit
finicky alright you got more fairies for
me adapt stir 1-1 3-8
yes this game does have a plot and a
purpose but like any open-world game you
can choose to ignore it if you want
there's a million sidequest there's
mountains to climb
there are things to do but in general
yes
calamity Ganon which i think is a great
I think it's dumb the name is no I like
calamity Ganon calamity Ganon
sounds like a wrestler call it the Ganon
calamity I'm done with that but calamity
Gannon mana MIDI just sounds stupid I
like it
calamity Ganon has returned and and
you're the hero and it's it's the same
shit that's in every self again
but with the little twist of this one
cook the fairy rich cook the fairy know
that very save my life oh it did save
your life
I'm keeping the fairies you know what
guys don't worry I'm gonna go home I'm
gonna hit a little record on my record
amateur on and I'm gonna see if you can
cook a fish just gonna fly away you know
it's just gonna fly away it's a waste of
time what if it does what if the fairy
yells at you and no one has ever thought
to cook a fairy then none of the fairies
ever heal you again you try to cook it
oh I'll save right before him and if the
fairy yells at me I will revert I'll
save scumming
you know what I'm gonna try to do
tonight tonight yeah I'm gonna try and
save scum my way to a classic Twilight
Princess Zelda outfit with the amiibo
I'm gonna save scum that shit okay is
that I feel like rolling the dice once a
day for the next month oh I just shout
out a bomb in the air I didn't even know
you can do that I want to cause a
calamity in the village a climate
againin
that doesn't seem or viewers are digging
the game too hard for the framerate
issue I know it chugs everyone will take
console game what do you want also also
it's a console game which means at max
you're going at 30 frames a second don't
kill a goat you go for the head shot but
he's got horns me I know I think I think
I missed the head I think you hit the
neck which why isn't he dropping dead he
should run a bit and drop dead I know
how this works I know my goats think
that what like if it's just like a real
go you want to hit him here in the rib
cage well but it's not it's a video game
oh we heard the boat I think it's fine
we're gonna find that doesn't seem too
bad but it's noticeable in streams
I've watched no big you know I kind of
notice it a little bit here and there
when I play uh-huh but it hasn't really
detracted from the game much you know
what every once in a while for me like
every once in a while like some some of
the later trials are look if they would
just stop making their own hardware yeah
I'm not kidding I'm not I'm laughing
because I agree oh wait is that another
one that's not great that one's kind of
gray up there what do I want gray or
black you don't want that that like
light brown one you know no I've got one
of those they're dumb but there there
have been some fights that I have
definitely noticed the chug of the
framerate drop doesn't the question is
does it matter overall and the answer is
No
let's show on black or gray black black
night stallion
okay so different though well what's the
gray one
come on the right now that's light brown
oh that's great no you want that one up
front that like that like dark grey blue
one look at that one the leader no I
don't want the leader I can't get it the
leader without the other ones getting
startled and I'll never get to him
see he's be just Brown Oh in the end
beer monsters has always been on black
Ridge does that black one has a have an
adorable white face - oh it does then
fucking ride him fucking ride him so
when you when you jump on him you just
slap owl I was I was having a hard time
taming horses at first cuz I was trying
to hold down L but you got out you got a
spam you got family okay great it's not
sued it's basically gonna slap the horse
now we got to avoid the thing that
shoots lasers which apparently is around
here somewhere
yeah what I'm gonna stop I'm gonna have
a mini red you're gonna have a mini Rams
go they have always fucking done it why
the fuck does Nintendo put the B button
ahead of the a button
why why why does Nintendo function in
reverse alphabetical order why I agree
every time they say hit a I hit the
button that should be a that is B it's
it's a on the Xbox
oh that's the convert the bottom button
is the confirm button on on PlayStation
yeah it's the worst
it's the dumbest it's not the worst it's
the dumbest some some controller
uniformity standards would be not would
be nice would be appreciated you know
like when you go did you get death
bought behind us you did you get him
stuck yeah yeah you just got stuck in a
little ramp get off the rim oh he's a
nice boy that's a good-looking horse
rich you got there that's a good-looking
horse he's no gray
are you kidding it's better than gray
look at him he's black with the white
nose that's adorable you could call him
socks I can call him I want to avoid
that death robot that I know was round
the bend yeah that's a good name that's
a good name that's a good name sorry Jen
says playing Zelda while watching
someone play Zelda good stuff got gonna
get Master Sword and tried to not burn
up in Death Mountain I just arrived
is this Rich's switch on now yes yes let
that shrine go or not take a horse there
I run the red blip on my map are there
brother BOTS it's one of the ones I
marked what's up there whoa horsey
oh it's up there now well they go well
there you go rich maybe I don't need
that let's see here guys says dab stir
1-1 3-8 I love VR what's your opinion on
psvr oculus vibe I wouldn't do psvr I'll
do PC VR I'm not gonna play it on the
fucking PlayStation that seems weird it
seems like it's an underpowered for VR
yeah I'm still not sold I'm not I'm not
planning on getting a VR anytime soon I
don't think they have the apps yet they
don't have the they don't have the thing
that's gonna sell me where is that death
pot now I'm worried about the death box
you should be worried about that they
should of course I'm worried about death
pot they don't they don't have anything
that screams yes this this has some this
could have purpose in my life
VR I'm not sold on the whole immersion
aspect of it I'm worried about the lack
of tactile sensations with things that's
gonna be that's the big hurdle that they
have not solved and I don't think they
have any plans to solve it and I know
recently
- fuck it huh let's see if the horse
comes with the horse will not come with
nope there's a perfectly good horse
there rich yeah well it was gonna be
dead in a second I can't beat that thing
that's like a mini-boss bite at this
point yeah that's true there was no
there was no tree to get behind right
yeah yeah there were no there was
nothing to get behind I'm not I'm not I
I'm not sold on it VR and I know a bunch
of people aren't sold on it because very
recently was it oculus they had they had
oculus oculus kiosks set up at Best
Buy's across the country yeah and very
recently hundreds of them were pulled
because I just don't think the interest
is there nothing yet has sold me but as
VR it's the future you have to love it
because it's VR it's the few gr has been
the future since why don't you you're
off a person for not being interested in
this technology that's got a long way to
go before it's worth it right you're a
monster why are you a monster
stop being a monster there's a lot of
reasons in any case controller aiming is
just as good as Mouse aiming
mm-hmm I sure would like an HD TV jammed
into my eyeballs you know like I'm not
saying it won't ever be there I'm saying
right now I'm not sold as someone who
has something on his face all day I know
that wearing something on your face for
a long period can get uncomfortable also
as someone with glasses I need to put a
VR goggles over my glasses you know what
that's gonna pinch yeah
not gonna feel great for me you will
need the prescription VR goggles making
an extra headache exactly exactly and
prescriptions change over time because
your eyes get worse and worse so I'm not
I'm not super psyched about VR
bulletproof oh sorry
but Cooper out of the butt says hey guys
I got a job so now I can afford to spam
all the shit memes because I'm too
creatively bankrupt lazy to write my own
material
hashtag hack frauds hashtag 12 years to
make hashtag shoe shack meat hashtag is
replacing blank hashtag poop well thank
you but poop pooper out of the butt we
appreciate it we appreciate all the
spamming of all the the spiciest memes
whoa my dear for you this time that goat
was it well you shot at him twice now
rich the goat remembers he's gonna hit
me from behind his name all right let's
see here Jack Lamont says great job on
the Resident Evil stream guys I am also
a mouse guy and agree with you
wholeheartedly PS I also find shrooms
restore my stamina Oh
where's the monster there it is look at
it look at it yeah just waiting now you
can glide even glide away from him glide
into the trees and then climb up the
hill or can I glide up to that platform
there uh he will see you flying into the
trees man or even just a you know around
the rocks
I told looking away that platform yeah
but he would have seen you up there and
shut your ass see you lucky it's easy
right there
nice nice dodge I don't think he's
coming down heavy is no the the
threatening piano music one way the
threatening bomb the horse killer oh
shit Wow nice dodge nice Dodge oh shit
there's more than one alright well this
plan is full bar I think we're gonna not
fuck around with this until I learn how
to deal with those monsters I think that
is the proper strategy to take at this
moment in my life if that's what you
feel you need to do rich wasting all my
damn fairies you fuck yep yep you're Bob
wasted them all
sir Chen says tips with a tip oh the
little number by the heart yeah is a
group so that when you cooked that steak
with the rock salt that was six hearts
not too okay so seven even cuz that was
five and all makes five so that was five
hearts plus one is six okay also it's
good to cook meals that add extra a
temporary stamina to yeah yeah oh yeah
I've been having a lot of fun
I was recently in some of the snowy
mountains yeah so it cooked up a bunch
of heat potions and like oh yeah it's
it's fun oh I was actually mentioning
this to rich earlier something I really
want badly in game is quests to find
recipe pages of course I could go online
like I could go online and find any
recipe for anything I want right but
that's not that's not in-game yeah and
if you make something it's not fun right
if you make something in-game it tells
you what the recipe is for it but I want
like to know what I'm cooking before I
waste okay you know in game that would
be great and maybe there is and I just
haven't come across it yet obviously I
haven't come across a bunch of stuff but
it defined more fairies
that's what I need yep yep get a boo
boom
anonymous says can you eat fairies in
this game ah I always wanted to know
what I'd be like to eat a fairy
we don't know cuz rich the fairies that
keep saving my life I will cook the
fairies when I get home I won't grab a
fairy and I will fucking cook it what
that mushroom over there I don't know
patience nope I didn't explore up here
and so I know I'm well that's your fault
yeah we're not exploring up here not my
fault you not exploring so you have to
explore I don't know but it's gonna turn
into a monster and kill me I know that
probably I need a ball they just shove a
ball in there that would help do you
know where there's a ball I don't know
where there's a ball I know where
there's a ball well in impass house
interesting inside inputs house
interesting wait what happens if you go
in the hole like what if it was actually
like a thing where they would wait
activated and that's what did it there's
a ball in his house so I can't climb
with the ball in my hands I got to find
a way up here oh yeah
well it wasn't that by the fairy all
right but I didn't I climb a little hill
to get up here no the the fairies are
super fairy there's a path from the very
first round here
yeah there's the path all right that
works that works right okay
little give a little take Jack all right
I'm I'm fine with that
hey guys says dish disuse Viktor love
the stream you should check free indie
game called wandering souls it's a beat
him up but not a button masher lots of
em enemy varieties and a focus on
anticipating / dodging attacks of
wandering the souls okay yep
did you fly a chicken down yeah Jack you
were brilliant
I remembered the ball I saw the ball
they're like oh that's really weird that
imp has got a ball in her house right
heirloom has been guarded by tribest
that you not touch it even for an
esteemed guest such as yourself use your
magnet on it do it Impa I'm the fucking
hero
can I can I have the thing can I please
have the thing
and you know what maybe Impa dies later
than you can hand the ball Hema is dead
I can take this ball now get a hundred
rupees for putting it in the thing I'm
sure I don't know oh what a letdown I
know exactly what to do with it
yep yep like I know exactly what to do
with this thing Impa don't you get
there's a thing up there now maybe I
could get rupees or I don't know a
weapon or something Impa killjoy I isn't
your whole purpose in this world to aid
the quest of the hero well my quest is
to put the ball on the thing it's all we
got to do come on oh we gotta throw we
just gotta put the ball two things ever
the program this is your job to help me
god damn bitch Impa oh she's some nice
clothes this time oh that's nice now
let's see here Titans head says late to
the stream have you both seen Logan it's
the best x-men comic book movie film
ever made and quite possibly the best
modern Western since fury road I have
not yet rich I just don't give a shit
about Wolverine he doesn't care about
x-men rich doesn't care about x-men I
will I'm planning a night I might see it
cuz people tell me it's a good movie but
yeah I want to see it I just haven't got
around to it cuz I've been busy what
she's up here right who the very ya know
the path is that way get your bearings I
don't have my bearings I got killed by a
thing three times fortunately I had
fairy with me you know get him the only
three deaths Jack really yeah nice I've
died a lot
I died some early on when I was just
getting a feel for the game sure but
when I sat down to do it focus Jack got
a plan okay I had a plan it was to focus
on survival I think that's fair
I mean I've I've enjoyed it I've enjoyed
my survival focus good good I've been
fucking around a lot I fall off
mountains a lot which is fine which is
fine a bad news everyone says hi guys
what would be the best advice for
surviving normal hard mode on FTL uh you
need that scrap you need to upgrade your
ship young and and you know it's always
some some of it's the dice roll so it's
it's all about those sweet sweet weapon
combinations figure out what weapons
will get their shields down so you can
wreck them you can never rely on a
missile weapon as your primary weapon
right also get a good feel for
teleporters that was my very first win
yeah was after I was talking to rich
about teleporters and he's like it gotta
go teleporters and I said oh I don't
like teleporters that seems like a waste
of resources telefono they're over power
teleporters are the key to everything
you get if you take over a ship by
killing the crew with your teleport or
anything any means of killing the crew
yeah easiest with the teleporters if you
think without destroying it you get more
resources yeah and more resources more
upgrades more weapons to buy a shop so
get yourself a teleporter you need to
find a good weapon to build around
weapons that you need weapons that go
well together yeah yeah and some of
that's just trial and error like you
figure you putting weapons together
seeing if the combinations work like if
you've got a beam weapon and missiles
that's useless
right cuz you need to take down the
shields to use the beam weapon and the
missiles just go right through the
shield they don't knock it dumb right
right so you know something like lasers
and flak cannons can you know rip apart
their shields and then the lasers can
pinpoint rooms target at least early on
before you have to start worrying about
their shields too much target their
weapons yep the less damage they're able
to do
the better you can do it we believe in
you all right so this point I'm just
heading towards the main quest thing
okay robots have foiled my plans to go
to that one shrine sure
utterly foiled so we're just doing this
I couldn't get my horsey to go through
the village you're giving up bridge
I couldn't yeah no no I couldn't I
couldn't beat the things you gotta come
back later when you're stronger it's the
name of the game I need a kick-ass sword
I need some kind of armor that isn't
shit that's fine that's maybe more than
one good shield I've got one good shield
and I don't want to waste it on
something that isn't like an actual boss
fight right the same one you found
either that's another one of those
interesting I didn't come across him I
wonder what's on he's belly again little
trinkets and what do you know of subsets
subset games next release
I showed rich the trailer and that's all
I know and you know that's all we all
know as we saw the trailer it looks
interesting we know they can make a good
game let's see if they can make two good
games it's very very possible that it
was a fluke lightning in a bottle yep we
will we will see and what did Rich think
of Star Trek beyond loved it it was nice
seeing it was nice actually seeing Kirk
in new Trek yes
not not horndog man Mick takes
unnecessary risks but actual Kirk yes
yeah p.m. was great dan was a great Star
Trek movie there's a lot of fun
nice sci-fi adventure
vn was a lot of fun rich yeah says true
man surely when faced with artsy-fartsy
people do you tend to tell them to fuck
off to their face or bite your tongue
and laugh about it later
I'm not frequently encountered with them
I'll probably sky and then walk away and
do something else
a claymore oh that's nice traveler sword
I have two broadsword have anything I
don't want thinking probably good well
you know what I'm gonna get rid of way
that's soldier got a traveller's
broadsword travels broadsword sucks I
think I'm good yeah yeah anything else
do you have anything that's like super
cool
we know how to do this actually I'm not
sure if you take his stuff I don't know
if he goes back to sleep oh he does okay
great
also thanks for the great content to
both of you well thank you anonymous
says did you guys know that Phoenix
Wright was in MVC three I would say I'm
not shocked
what's the MC Marvel vs. Capcom 3 oh
that sounds great
holy hell is he hard to play but I'm
practicing to destroy you with him also
will you be letting viewers play matches
with you when you stream oh sure I mean
you'll murder us I'm sure oh yeah I'm
not I'm not a good fighting game guy I'm
terrible at them yeah why not oh why not
will there be Logan torial spoiler talk
not today baby yeah la la because we
haven't seen it so they can make some
shit up please so you know try to
refrain from it's still pretty new
shrine nearby how do you know you're
right is there a direction thing I don't
know there's no Direction thing when you
are walking in the right direction and
it has the C's now if you go a little
bit to the right there's more lines
around the circle now walk in that
direction
Oh Skellington see you do you see now
like no it's really so it's the
direction you're walking and you have to
be walking but Helen I got ya I got shit
to do it's not just standing you have to
be walking
nice that's new oh you know what table
in the gnome yeah this games pretty fun
this games pretty fun I'm enjoying
myself so far though it did I was
explaining to rich earlier it did take
me a long time to change gears from
horizon zero dawn because there there
there they share many similarities but
tonally they're very different and so
coming from the like a more
action-oriented game and this is more
atmospheric and sneaky and you're very
weak all the time and it's just about
exploring now that I'm in that mindset
I'm having a good time
oh there you go now you're ding-a-lingin
look at that big thing in the wall say
like a big big building that looks like
um ruins ruins yeah no I was thinking of
a Last Crusade you know the big city in
the wall it's down under here oh wait
wait stay up there and just walk around
for a bit
it might be over on the waterfalls oh
it's not that way Oh
it's it's to your right that wish so
might be on top of the waterfall I don't
have a fucking hope not
you never know Lynx table is ready
oh no now that's exactly what I'm gonna
think of why I Oh No
no it's not up here why are you saying
and I a not heading in the right
direction
it's not beeping convenient she'd be
closer on the other side that hill
we
what is my preferred way of playing the
switch so far plugged into the TV with
the pro controller as as I think rich
and I discussed whoa sunday the the
switch is not a $300 console it is a
three hundred and seventy dollar console
because you need the pro controller or
else your hands will fall off is it
so especially this I do you know every
once in a while like if I have to you
know go run an errand like you know I
got kids and they got like activities
and shit so often times I find myself
like trapped in a location twiddling my
thumbs for a half an hour so I've taken
it with me there and I've played it for
short bursts using the attached joi cons
you know obviously to the bathroom it's
got to go to the bathroom but where did
I get the light blue shirt with the tree
in the sunset I don't remember it has
the Wisconsin it has a Wisconsin outline
in it though yeah nice so like just look
for Wisconsin t-shirts I I forget I've
tweeted it before but who knows so my
preferred way to play is on the TV I
know rich only plays it on the TV
have you played a very little very
little do it a little bit just to get a
feel yeah for handheld but it's it's
really tough because like you know rich
and I are the hopes is you know we do
one episode just themselves up and one
episode just on the switch but really
all we're getting so far is like one
game because it doesn't have a lot of
game
you know so we'll see we knew that we
knew that we can't complain about that
we knew that there were more there were
more launch titles they canceled or they
moved back some launch titles
I love the square bombs just that is so
smart because they knew people were
gonna have trouble yeah yeah absolutely
absolutely
let's see here
Shamu my label says hey boys any chance
for a stream of the new Styx game
it's co-op and very thief hitman esque I
think you two will love it the first
game is worth playing as well I've never
even heard of it sticks it's a franchise
it's a whole it's a whole series that
will add it to the list Styx anonymous
says horizon or Zelda well aim gives it
the Zelda easily but even with even
without that I'm not sure they did
similar but different things its
horizons much more of an action game yes
then this is yeah this is totally the
focus is solidly on exploration this is
more Zen meditation than anything this
is this is more this is camping if
you've ever been camping this is the
game three boxes it's it's very it's
very actually it was it was tough
because we played horizon you know two
days ago it was tough for you I'd handle
it I could handle wait wait show me your
powers what oh that's an amiibo oh okay
I was like what do you have that I don't
have yeah it was tough for me switching
from Horizon to Zelda alright but it's
it's two takes on the same theme and so
what do you want do you want more
action-oriented
or do you want more fantasy adventure
what do we do we action sci-fi fantasy
adventure that's your choice so far both
that do what they are trying to
accomplish very well is what I will say
let's see here Anana says I feel that I
feel the world not to mention the art
and sound design and horizon alone are
far superior to Zelda any thoughts and
Zelda's atrocious and goofy battle music
it makes sense first thing I notice with
this world first for the first footage I
saw it wasn't didn't have anything to do
it music it was that same old Bo Bob
Clinton animation and design for like
the last three Zelda games it's the same
one that used in Wind Waker they
recycled it for Twilight Princess I
don't remember if it was in a Skyward
Sword or not but it's in this one they
the same basic character model and
animations yeah yeah yeah actually I've
been kind of enjoying the minimalists
soundtrack every once in a while you'll
just hear some light piano flutters I I
tend to listen to other things when I
game that's crazy to me it's crazy to me
so I've been I haven't thought about the
soundtrack very much at all what is the
purpose of this platform I guess this
goes higher once the weight has been
added to I am
yeah this reason is the metallic boxes
oh yeah yeah ah yeah
Dario when I play spelunky I only listen
to music yeah well yes but one key you
don't necessarily need the well nobody
nobody talks in this you don't need the
score you know what sometimes when when
I when baddies sneak up on you the score
is really nice because all sudden you
hear the action music starting and you
look around frantically shit where's the
bad guy Betty sneak up on you huh you've
had you're doing it backward you've had
the lobster sneak up on you eight times
this stream I didn't sneak up on me
it's an early warning system for bad
guys
pork sub yes we we do we both are
interested in near autonomy or however
you pronounce that but there's too much
shit coming out there's the answer
there's too much shit camel came out
this month also we're waiting for the PC
release it is it is out today for the oh
you know what I probably could have just
arrowed the yeah well live and learn
this works
yeah is that today for the ps4 yeah but
it's out next week for PC so so I
believe our plan is to wait for the PC
release before we even play it lose or a
sword
hey matarese film what am i throwing on
a hammer
I hate those broad swords I like thorns
I know you like thorn thorn for a thorn
you're boomerang is cool but it's super
weak yeah but it's a boring I know it's
super weak spear but I've only got one
spear I got torch I need a torch
you ain't wrong wear it to the games
these past couple of months I've hit my
wallet hard pace yourselves gaming
industry fuck we had nothing in February
then all of a sudden boom boom boom Sims
bam bam bam boom so it's on our list
though because I know rich really likes
it's the same people that did its
platinum yeah and you know it looks
similar to vanquish so we'll probably
give it a look it doesn't look that
similar it's very this is very broadly I
think running around shooting had many
things in there I thought they were
shooting where they all right all right
I thought they were shooting I at a
glance it looked more Metal Gear Revenge
uhrin so to me or whatever the research
avenge yeah yeah revenge surge I don't
know maybe I have the wrong impression
all I know is it's uh is its 3d
bullet-hell which looks very promising
to me vanquish is very much bullet house
maybe maybe it is maybe it is stop drop
it thank you
stop drop and roll hey be a B oh shit
oh I don't I kind of like this one what
that's how I got up there yeah yeah
that's the puzzle you did it you did it
rich you did the puzzle is neat and near
looks really tasty yeah there's two
there's wheat we have we have a real
problem which is there's just too many
good things to play right now I even
snuck in I know I should have been
playing more Zelda I snuck in some more
horizon zero dawn yes I get in and it
was great did some side quests fought
some dinosaurs felt great I've had a
blood-borne hankering oh yeah yeah too
much shit there's too much shit
after neo before the craziness I played
a little I started a new blood board
game at hobo Joe blood yeah yeah and
there's all this good shit 2.0 checking
out the feasibility of a no-loss blood
echoes run great people have done it
without I'm sure there's people who've
done it without dying at all now dying
and no upgrades this probably some oh
really good some assholes out there yeah
want to show everyone else how awesome
they are but my silly aspirations are
just laughable but still they're my
aspirations if that's the game you want
to play know what lost soul no lost
blood echoes yep it's a fine thing how
the fuck do I get out of there I climb
down from the mountain but I get
teleported somewhere but I'd rather not
check this place out
it seems like a neat place
rich a not being touched run has been
done geez yeah I'm not I'm not shocked
I'm not shocked I could never pull that
off
people are crazy zoom in on that
chameleon real quick they camouflage
themselves sir once swimming yes those
appear to be swimming the enemies let's
say it's wise not to fuck with these
guys I'd like to get over there oh you
need to get that area John 10:18 Isis hi
guys as always thanks for the stream
rich watching you play this reminds me
of game station 2.0 stint of the game
station 2.0 stint yeah way Zelda all
have been too long since I asked my
guests as they it'll come out with these
that often huh
who was the chick you talked about the
Spider Man trailer with and what
happened to her I don't even know her
that well I I not somebody I
particularly knew so I don't I don't
know what the connection was okay
I think I've seen her once before then I
think she was in one of the Halloween
half in the bags she's one of the ghost
investigators oh the one where Plunkett
is buried under the floorboards okay
she showed up there she's so much stuff
in this game yeah and I'm not I'm not in
a corridor where there's only like one
place you can go next in the game and
that great the the simple give that this
game has of you can climb whatever you
feel like oh shit that's what you're
talking about I see it now they
camouflage themselves I thought it was a
corpse nicely handled Ridge yeah this
game has a really simple give which is
you can climb whatever you want it's
incredibly powerful once you yeah once
you stop thinking about it like a normal
video game where it's like yeah well
that wall I probably am not able to
climb know that while you are able to
climb you can climb whatever the fuck
you want to climb okay so how do we get
across here without finding a dozen of
those things it looks like if you can
get to that ramp but something happens
if I bomb that rock well probably just
pick it up sometimes those those a happy
little fellows are under the rock shite
sure but you want to get to that ramp I
wonder what's up that that OKC's
there you go one at a time you got this
you got this yeah I know this game is
I've never start thought this
strategically in a Zelda game before hmm
Oh coming out you swing to the side
you'll be fine kid swing your sword no
no that's why initially I wasn't having
a good time because I I'm used to this
yeah sweet girls all the bad guys I'm
still trying to figure out the the
super-dee-duper timing you know you get
to have you done any of the super
Dodgers yet yeah yeah the timing for
everyone's different weapon it's hard to
figure out the traveler speaks I'm sure
rich is going to say yes what is the
question
XCOM 2 is currently $44 worth it and
yeah rich is gonna say yes I've paid
twice as much for it rich is rich some
really like sex come and really like sex
come too or so I'm sure that's it's just
it's non sale price right now
porks up no I would not call this a Dark
Souls for baby no it's it's going for a
very different feel
yeah the combat isn't Dark Souls combat
right like it's hard but it's not for
the same reasons Dark Souls and
blood-borne have this incredibly tight
combat system that that means if you get
if you lose it's your own fault this is
very different how is the music in this
game I played flute of time almost
exclusively for the music the music is I
mean you're I don't know if how much you
can hear it now it's very minimal it's
like light piano string it's just very
very yeah it's very soothing ambient you
know they give you all the fucking
traversing powers right off the bat yep
if you feel overpowered mm-hmm but I
shouldn't be able to use shit like that
oh yeah until you're dying constantly
you feel way over Bob Knight's I'm not
talking much first combat I'm just
talking about it as far as like usually
got to wait half the game I know I'm
gonna eventually be able to get there
but it's it's gonna be half the game
before I get whatever power it'll be
that'll let me move that rock no no no
first section of the game they give you
all that ship oh yeah bombs magnet power
stop time power ice freeze power go go
go
I was worried that I was worried about
that like they give you your bombs right
away infinite bombs right away infinite
bombs right away and I was like what
kind of game is this infinite ice freeze
power limited swords though and that
weird right
I had made it hate him yeah I see where
this ramp leads oh I want your spear
anyway you wanted absolute looking spear
help me drew he died he drowned he
drowned
was there a tutorial level / stage for
this no you-you-you wake up from your
cave and you start the game immediately
you could argue there's an argument that
some of the temples kind of act as
tutorials but you know they're very
short assume that one sword for when I
need it seriously
yeah I because getting getting a weapon
I'm not wasting it on these doofuses
getting a weapon is not an all yeah
moment no it's not that's the one sad
thing yeah spike - boqo bow oh that's a
good that's a better boat incident I
know I get on I'm gonna handle things at
my own pace I'm in the middle of combat
Combe Bob Wian middle of khumba oh yeah
thank you hack Barton Hackbarth does a
great job of answering all the questions
that we answer too many times well what
was this one about Mass Effect Andromeda
that's why that's why hack bot is there
trailer was awful
yeah it looks awful oh I haven't even I
haven't even paid attention all I've
been doing is keeping a list of what
different ways we can destroy it don't
send it to us give the money to children
who needed that by the way that's part
of what happens responses okay
don't send us a copy because if you do
it will destroy it give that money to a
charity oh speaking of mr. Plunkett
musical a new mr. Plunkett game is out
do you remember that the weird mr.
Plunkett game we played they they made a
sequel yeah they made a sequel to that
and it's up on H dot IO right now
unfortunately we we kind of already had
a plan of what we were playing tonight
so we couldn't play it but maybe maybe
on Sunday we can play a little why need
to get as much time with this game as I
can right right I know theoretically I
could probably finish it now as part of
the that's part also part of the gimmick
right you're not confined by the story
either it's nonlinear you want to go and
fight Ganon with three hearts and it
should soar Gabby your guts
all right let's see here sorry chin says
tips in tip number two if you have
nothing so already turning on the fix
map to North makes it easier to navigate
at least for me can't wait till you do
actual dungeons stock up there pretty
clever oh there are actual dungeons holy
moly that wasn't that bad I can take him
do the Dodge I can take this guy yeah
you can take look I'm used to getting
one hit Bible bob khun's
in that first area remember you upgraded
your armor yeah yeah and apparently it
did a decent job of upgrading so I don't
feel confident enough do this fight
let's just go with the standard
Oh God he'll you turn fast on yeah look
nice flurry rush Cleary rush - fuck if
you time your dodge perfectly with their
swing you get that the fury rush and
it's awesome probably fucked up my sword
though god I hate them swords are so
fragile everything is right it's not
just swords rich every weapon is fucking
it breaks in three monsters for me I
hate it I don't know where I am it's
great yep no and you never you know Oh
Oh what it's I'm gonna you're a DS gate
let me see where this is on your wrap
this is this is the location I need to
remember you take a picture
zoom out enhance it's it's by the
mission I mean that's something I need
to finally go to well you know to go to
the curry ecovillage and then head up by
the great furry and just head out yeah
so it's directly to it's directly to the
right of Carrico village okay great not
quite directly Oh creatures appear yeah
it's directly there right yeah great I
need that I need that later
else is gonna be cold you know when it
gives you peppers let's get ready for a
temperature change uh not necessarily
not necessarily I've been up in the
snowy mountains and they have a lot of
snowy plants in the snowy mountains that
I'll be able to use whenever I get to
what oh fuck what the fuck is that
that's a centaur jack shit rich right
him right the Centaur jump on him and
tame him do you think he's a bad guy
yes I think he's a bad guy maybe he's a
friend he's like the no because they had
centaurs and the classic Legend of Zelda
on this got some I will get it to fight
it well kind of good food
we're gonna get to do this do some
cooking I don't have a pot that I can
make a fire but I can't make up yeah you
got to find a pot all this fighting I'm
gonna I'm gonna use I'm gonna lose this
nice shield such as liferich our
possessions look at a badass that shield
us Jack yeah you know what I have a way
better one I'll be honest with you you
look really tough oh no foxy almost
walked right oh wait he can't fight him
over there now or else he's gonna wake
up
okay I expected to see getting up only I
had grinded a bit and oh he sees you
oh he just one shot killed you twice
twice I can't do this oh you're so far
in though assessment out of fairies well
if you die there
you just saved before the fight began it
just saved right before the fight began
so if you die here you could just save
scumming and you know run away that's
that's my that's my official
recommendation what kind of weapon do we
want for this what's this do just as or
a sword
what's your what's your don't go with
the lightsaber that's your strongest
weapon
get that lock on and roll away working
for you
nice pricey looks like fucking Ganon
what the fuck was that
eating animation that's what he does he
eats in the neighbors he eats the food
and then he Pat's his belly Freddie and
patch your belly
oh good food it's it's weird this is not
working well if you if you you know if
you like I said if you lose you saved
right before the fight began so you can
always run away and get all that food
back
now I'm just dying you'll get all your
food back that's not far away wow this
game is tough it is this game is tough
it's legit tough just die I haven't died
yet I'm not gonna just die do oh I give
up that's my if you die I don't I don't
roll that way homie you could have just
started over that surrenders what that
is that is that's that's a different
kind of tactics rich you were you were
you'd a cess this now you that you've
had proper assessment of play if you
play a game to die you're doing it wrong
no I'm just saying death is an option
death is a learning opportunity death is
the end Jack it's learning death is the
end you now know more about I now know
to avoid the fucking centaur that's what
I know but that's the way to your thing
that's where you're going to your thing
there's probably a different way to the
foe of course this is differently
because I don't need I haven't even run
into them right right I don't even know
where you are
oh yeah I couldn't even lay a glove on
him that was not the fight to continue
yeah got to work on your dad's role
avoid avoid big demon monster man sure
ya know it's what's really surprising to
me is so far I have not like all this
stuff rich is doing I haven't seen any
of it and I feel like I know I'm much
farther in the story than riches and I
have way more of the map opened up so
like none of I haven't seen any of this
stuff that rich is doing and conversely
I'm sure rich hasn't seen much of this
stuff I've been doing and that's that's
kind of what this game is all about is
just going at your own pace exploration
is he still out oh he's still out oh
that's right cuz you didn't die you
didn't die teleported yeah oh so all the
guys who killed will still be dead yeah
have you gotten the Blood Moon yet wait
yeah oh yeah that sucked it happened
right numbers in the middle of a nest
full of Bo Bob concealed so this game
does something actually fairly
interesting which is if you notice the a
rich comes back to this area and most of
the guys are gone because he's already
killed them and the game remembers that
they're dead how come that couldn't
happen to the Centaur so the game
remembers that they're dead so like what
if if rich kills all these guys he can
come back to this area later and they
will remain dead but every five or six
in-game days that they're there they're
not very explicit how many days right
after a certain number of days you might
get the Blood Moon which is part of
Ganon's evil power and it resurrects
every single bad guy and it's creepy as
hell when it happens yeah I was not
expecting it I wasn't either like I said
I was right in the middle of a camp full
of
Liuba Bob khun's right right yeah so he
always make more food I can always cook
more
sure you could it's too late now to same
scum I don't care I wasn't that wasn't
going to I know I know I said that's not
how I roll Jack I and I I understand
that that's fine so Gannon is a
necromancer now yeah yeah I think that's
just a thing in the Zelda games where
the bad guys kind of always respond
anyway and so now they're they're adding
now we know why the family explained it
Zelda continuity where does it fit the
timeline isn't the soul timeline just
the biggest crock of shit it's a giant
clusterfuck in this desperate attempt to
get all the games to fit in one cohesive
universe there are now like four
timelines yep what a load of shit
no they just don't care about cannon
right no yeah the Oh every game is some
degree of reboot the only problem came
when they tried to explain the cannon he
was in a fight and the guy teleported
away I'd begun edge for a little bit
afterwards rich yep I bet he can't go up
there can you just sit up there he could
probably shoot up here does oh that's
right he has his like magic fucking one
hit deaf cannons
fuck that shit they're not fucking
around rich they're not fucking around
in this Zelda game you know what that
was shades of being a kid going to Death
Mountain early in the NES Legend of
Zelda and getting mauled by the Centaurs
there it was very reminiscent of that
I'm in an area I'm not equipped for it
I'm not powered up enough for yet and
I'm getting my butt kicked and that's
kind of neat Jack that's kind of neat
mm-hmm
I know it's they block your your path
off by way of difficulty and not
artificial walls so kind of like how a
game should be well a game like this le
oh oh I think I can handle this one you
might need your shield no it's it's very
nice they they they just let you they
let you go man that's great it's a very
so far it's been a very nice gaming
experience oh there's a tower where to
the right way way way way up something
the goat all right to my right to your
left now right there head that way see
it that okay it's voyage
it's getting colder I don't think I can
make it to the top
here we try to aqua get a ripoff of
Lucroy are you guys talking about are
you guys talking about sparkling water I
fuckin love sparkling water flavorless
fizzy water is the greatest beverage
it's an especially great substitute when
you're trying to not drink soda or beer
just because it's something fizzy in
your mouth that has zero calories yeah
so it's a great substitute get up there
you suppose there's gonna be something
up here worth it sometimes there is
sometimes there eight I feel like it's
yeah I know it gets colder the higher
you are yep which is neat do you have
any cold outfits you do you do not be a
swatch I'm Nintendo why why why is that
wrong why is that backwards no you do
what Nintendo wants you to do your
buttons are stupid why are your buttons
stupid my buttons aren't stupid you're
stupid I'm Nintendo fuck you my folks
buy it by the pound sparkly water shit
yeah it's great little sparkly water
over ice with dinner then you don't need
a beer it's great and it satisfies that
itch oh I know what's under that rag
it's gonna be a giant centaur went mad
with something he whips you off and then
crushes you with his giant middle finger
see this is why I'm taking hearts and
not stand by
