Episode 058
BotW, not BotW. (Part 2)
April 9, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eoQiP95Flo
___________________________________________

buh-bye oh look another tower thing oh
no that's the same thing all right Tower
that way tower or town rich tower sound
well we're up here yeah just some
surveying oh good idea
looks like a hole in there a hole I
probably put something in there they
probably didn't just make a hole loons
be cool you're good but the hole is you
know what rich I've been up many
mountains some of the mountains don't
have shit on him no big this fucking
game is its giant you know what you know
what I'm gonna say about this game what
are you gonna say about this game Richie
this is what I had envisioned when you
know cuz I'm an old man yeah just
reading the magazines before ocarina of
time came out it hurts before every time
before flute of time came out and they
described the overworld and then when I
got it and it was the why when I got the
Y the magazines were talking about this
is what I this is what I envisioned in
my mind reading those magazines the
world is so huge it'll take you a day to
walk across it what they didn't say was
that a day in fluid of time was a minute
long fucking frauds fucking assholes
we've been hours we haven't gotten to
the other end of the map we started in
the middle yeah like you haven't
accomplished anything I walk I know yeah
no way they sold ocarina of time to me
that was closer I don't I'm delivered
now I don't know I go ream I don't give
no shits it's a car enough time ah o
karna ha Rena ocarina is how its this is
this is exactly what I had envisioned
this is what they sold me on yeah this
is this is the game they promised 30
years ago that plateau we started out
now no no that's is every area that's
that's oh that's a way back here some oh
my oh that's even look that's a
different one they turn blue when you
activate oh sure I know that but I'm
just I was looking at this cliffs but I
right because the blue but those are two
orange ones those are the ones you have
industry well this is one I haven't
where's the other one oh yeah that's
what I'm David look that's so far you're
left this is okay there's another one
yeah I know they're always they're so
far out of my way that's some future
date in gate eight years from now
so no well you know and for people who
don't know you have to activate the
towers in order to unlock that section
of the map so if you want there like
right now if rich goes to his map as you
can see his section his area is not
revealed like we don't know where the
roads are we can't see the topography
and so he would need to go to that Tower
to unlock that little mappy area if you
felt like it or there's a village right
there that he could check out or he
could do whatever the fuck he wanted you
don't need to do any of it I just missed
my good shield that's all that's all oh
wait till you get this next year oh man
the greatest all right like a hard one
to miss to be honest with you I have no
idea where I got it okay
all of a sudden in my inventory I had
this really awesome shield
well that's helpful I have no idea where
it came from
all right the plan yeah we're gonna land
somewhere over here okay walk up hit the
tower okay and then make our way around
that way to the town great that's the
plan
I think that's a great plan rich boom
boom do you guys like Zelda more than
Mario games two different games yeah
you're don't I compare these apples to
these oranges too two very different
games can't we like both
oh god you're not gonna make it Cheryl
what'd I tell you jack what did I tell
you I you know I guess I don't use the
food too often oh look they're hunting a
boar yeah you never see that yeah orange
just tastes better than apples never got
that saying the the saying is you're
comparing two completely different
things like it's a joke and it makes
sense that's a joke what I get it I get
it
oh they were joking yeah they're they're
joke is you can't compare them are you
talking about they're both fruit yeah
yeah I get I get it
flying takes stamina blah well yeah well
gliding gliding things just shit under
here little hole little batty village
isn't gonna be fucking worth it how are
you gonna get back up exactly that's the
question there it's probably a shit item
because they're all wikis right and
there's explosive barrels all over them
listen you had a plan rich I know I know
best laid plans are derailed by this
little formation over here oh yeah I've
run into one of these before
you don't know what it is huh you don't
know what it is no I'll show you you'll
show me yeah you see the shape you see
that shape yeah what's different okay
fuck's sake
look if you're gonna highlight it in
yellow that means I should be able to
hit it
nope I did wrong okay you can do it you
can do it nope nope you're telling me
that's not close enough not close enough
rich yeah okay yeah I saw him before I
think I was heading somewhere else I was
like I'll come back to it knowing that I
would never come back you'll probably
never see it again
right I'll never in the next 40 hours of
gameplay although there is a there's a
little like map thing where you can in
the map screen you can actually gain
when I hit the button to highlight the
enemy don't turn around
where are you can you not see is there a
glitch
take it min if it's a inventories phone
oh you mean that oh yeah yeah I mean
that's very sad very unsatisfying fight
oh yeah but a very satisfying fall just
the phone sure all right let's see here
sick sick of says sig sig says with his
resistance against to save scumming I am
reminded once again that rich Evans is
truly a man of honor that's true
how true
and yeah now rich has a big ass club
yeah bad thing look at that ass club
whoo horses you like blueish the
waterfront maybe I like both of those
darker ones are cool with their with
their white hair white hair and dark a
body and that looks great
oh we should still be streaming how long
yeah we're still streaming it loves you
now that's a cool up numerous oh oh nice
shot of the Blood Moon look at that shit
on your horse weight face that direction
but have the camera still facing man
like move your horse to go that way and
like yeah profile take a picture that
shit yeah that's a great picture
look at that that's the Blood Moon try
to get him like that with his head
turned but he only turns for bid nice
that was probably it it's that time of a
month for Ganon again yeah so now all
the monsters that rich is killed like
those guys I just whacked yeah they're
gonna come back
oh yeah and here here's how it like this
is what happened to me is all of a
sudden you're just walking around and
black smoke starts appearing everywhere
and Ash and everything turns creepy as
shit what that dodging skills huh that's
actually pretty awesome wrench yeah I'm
surprised you didn't get the I know I'm
too
lost my you stop is bad which is by the
way just a good tactic because then he
doesn't have a weapon ice rich
kick-ass that was pretty kick-ass and
the headshots bring it
boy my no of time bring it
really
you fell asleep do the sweet moves
basically running towards you killing
your friends and you just like thinking
that rich he saw how awesome we were
fainted and he was so overtaking links
gonna be in my dreams tonight
ow ow
nice what I don't know I don't know this
my horse where's my horse what's the
form I don't know if I'll come I haven't
I haven't registered him yet oh great oh
that well there's your horse
oh no that's not yours hey your horse is
behind you and I was gonna hit you with
the arm of the skeleton gorgeous
oh thank your horse nice tactic
I'm holding the other I'm trying to
switch swords but it's going to the up
menu not sub is your oh you your weapon
is not out yet I don't think well it's
broke
instead of hitting I don't know it's
just weird weird is going on and I can
deal with it time Dom you got to get
that time a downer
multiple dick stabs those dickheads
throwing rocks at you
those ain't your horses running away
where's mine behind you I hate myself
flower left there is day is
Oh for fuck's sake damn reviewers saying
Iron Fist is hard to sit through Wow
interesting
came all yeah but I was so very
disappointed with with Luke Cage I'm
hoping for for another good one here
I got a kitchen OOP free arrows shooting
them and he won't stop that's great it's
farming farm air hose
I wonder who's making iron fist I wonder
if iron fist is a is another ABC studio
production
Oh Oh those needs your boomerang hit a
rock so it got thrown off course you
know what that isn't it we know what's
neat boomerangs not so bad yeah try I
was not having a good time with the
boomerang
because having to manually catch it was
probably throwing you off probably
travellish sorry that was shit Oh Mike
chase gaming you're so wrong Jessica
Jones is fantastic Jessica Jones is
fantastic season 1 of daredevil is good
most of season 2 is good I really think
that the season 2 of daredevil like the
final episode it ended on a really bad
note your horses to the left I know I
don't
I'm sorry sorry I'm taking these what
are these free arrows tag free arrows
all over the place I can can't I can't
let that go
no no you can't let that go take all the
arrows that was a neat little battle I
just wish I could stand a chance against
that fucking centaur well you thought
you could you just need to get the
timing right yeah I need some kind of
armor more armor more health I'm
probably about halfway I probably need
to be about halfway through the game
before I can have a comfortable fight
with that guy that's not I could die in
one hit at any moment sure I'm digging
this I'm totally digging this max you
should as you should I'm digging it to
maybe I should okay
alright well next time try going up the
hill and on the right of the hell you
super horse wait where you going I'm
looking at that Tower that kind of
gotten off course Oh what's up you had a
mission Ridge go to the tower go to the
town you're gonna run into one of those
octopus monsters again now you just
trying to scare me Sam last time that's
time that's what happened I didn't know
you could pet him anytime you want yeah
is that how you build up your bond yeah
well I got three damaged or 3 GB ups oh
you're gonna you're gonna need a better
giddyup er well maybe he has more like
speed oh sure he's also he runs into
rocks they all do
they all run into the rocks what's going
on with you are you
you're like a green horse it's very
weird coloring that one horse
discipline daddy yes just a agreed with
earlier what you're saying about disc
exams to do it Jessica Jones the
steaming very well it doesn't it doesn't
have the action that a that a daredevil
has but it does storytelling real nice
and good what you punk-ass horse got
scared off do you punk ass whores thing
made him afraid it's fine fine went okay
he didn't run too far no he didn't run
too far so that's okay
come on punk-ass horse
when do items you'd gather in the wild
respond I'm assuming that all happens at
the Blood Moon
oh maybe perhaps I don't know I'm so
rarely back in the same area turn the
shield bash yeah
I'll try to
hey that's my ass-kicking yeah so not
not only can you dodge and get the super
but you can also parry with your shield
to make them drop their weapons Hey
Welsh rich I think you're I think your
horse has problems your horse might have
a learning disability
gotta get some ritalin for that horse it
has ADHD quirky mumbling register me
score key he's quirky ya old TV show oh
yeah I'm what's it called was that
she'll call well sure wasn't called
quirky but he was the most famous
character in it right oh look at all
these Oh
Attie note our life goes on is what
they're saying sounds uh he saw you kill
all of his friends who goes maybe if I
just don't look at him I'll just no
leave me alone
I don't want to deal with that hero shit
today I'm here go stir that humble
haunts their dreams yeah I gotta make it
to the top I don't think you have to
make it to the top he's gonna make it to
one other things I think I'm gonna see a
thingy before the top i'm i yeah well
that thing all right it's kind of close
I don't like cutting it close yeah I'll
be fine
it's getting it real close can i chew on
you we're just a little bit of salmon on
them yeah I want to waste but this is
why we this is why we carry this shit
yep so they don't fall yeah
go to the tower
oh wait you're yeah yeah you know you
can actually get to them slightly faster
if you crawl up the side of them really
yeah like you don't need to go over them
go to that little side sticky area
what do you mean so instead of crawling
up there yeah Oh crawl up like that that
ended then you actually crawl up all
right faster
you know it'll save you just that little
bit of here if you're worried you won't
make it probably making over to that one
yeah Oh furred five the magician the
kingpin and daredevil is what made
season 1 Vincent D'Onofrio was brilliant
brilliant and yes he kind of looked like
a marshmallow but you know that's what
the kingpin looks like Vinnie Vinnie D
that's what his friends like the column
yes he was also in men and black sugar
yeah yeah walked her that's great she's
great it's one of those guys it gets
around he's great
not super famous but been at a ton of
things is someone famous oh I don't know
if I don't know if he's super famous
probably not a lot of people know his
name
right you know but then if then if you
were to say like oh yeah that guy he was
uh he was in CSI criminal intent or NYPD
criminal intent or whatever that was my
PD blunt law and order criminal ooh oh
my god law and order criminal intent
that's the one who's on oh god this
makes me uncomfortable every time music
the knowledge onto your device yeah it's
fine just milk it
that was big chunk on that one oh yeah
mention of Mary yeah yeah what we got
here is a my help
oh yeah it was in Full Metal Jacket hmm
this plan is working out so far
that's a fine plan rich you got a fine
plan do we see any things I can mark on
yes we do
hello Bing well I got one more pin oh
well you gotta clear out the pins then I
couldn't get to the one because of uh oh
yeah little Bob monsters like the pie
it's the only one I see I think we're
good all right where's our horse oh
that's right yeah you see and that's my
problem with horses I haven't picked up
a horse yet
your horse is derping around down there
because I like gliding places so I'd
much rather like glide to the village
it is smart or horse gotta explore on
your way around you can't do that while
you're gliding but this is why I've
missed things cuz I lied to the village
oh I'm gonna kill that guy so I can
court oh look there oh yeah and on your
map screen rich yeah you can have up to
like a hundred things so if you like to
open up your map not just quick pin okay
you can and you can do specific pins say
like there's a sword here that I need to
bomb here there's a shop here you can
put like specific little doodads thank
you really need
I don't know why that's sort of many
things stop working you should be able
to pick a new sword well I hit you you
went directly from pressing the left
button to pressing the right button so I
wonder like if you like what now just
press the right button
well yeah but I let's try it when I'm
unequipped now it's working I just think
it was reading it read up like when you
swiped over I'm not saying it's good I'm
fine it's all I need a fire we need a
fire I'm gonna make my first fire from
scratch all right let's be fun you don't
need sticks though there should be
sticks under it oh all right so you just
need the flint just place the flint
under there by the way well that's this
far that's the other horse I have
registered who's in Kakariko village I
thought that was your ADHD horse over
there we could pretend we could pretend
he didn't come because he sees special
yeah now like that he's specially
enabled Darkwing schmuck says if you
have time before the stream ends you
should make a manual save and a beeline
for hyrule castle to try to fight Ganon
I did it today for shits and giggles and
got my ass kicked
it was the reveal when I get there I
this is my games my games mics does my
Zelda journey what leverage have his
Zelda experience
all right Oh where's that in my hands so
I can drop it you didn't have it I did
hold it I had hold and then oh I got it
before it didn't it's at zero five
before all right that needs be on the
ground here right yeah
and then I just need to oh that's great
and then me that's great
yep super neat oh and now I'm gonna blow
them now keep doing that accidentally
all the time it's never it's never gonna
stop happening all right so we need a
beverage that's absolutely fine some
health generating food what do we use
well you can sear a steak maybe try
mixing up like apples and herbs for
combat sake I want to try this Oh five
of those yeah do not use these yet whoo
oh my god look three up defense plus
five hearts still probably would not
have helped me against the centaur sure
you got you got fish you got herbs you
got apples you got beets you got
pumpkins you got a little bit of
everything man you can make whatever you
want
boom I got carrots you got lizards yeah
oh yeah
ton of shit you got a ton of shit oh we
got rice where's my head still shrooms
where did those all go obviously I
cannot find the stealth mushrooms is
that them up on top appropriately
rich no longer has any fairies to cook
don't worry I will take video of me
attempting to cook fairies I'm not
wasted if I find that other fairy I am
not wasting it right
sneaky mushrooms sneaky shrooms
let's try mixing some random stuff yeah
do it see what you can make some of
those yeah
beat yep maybe an apple an apple sure
and what can you only do five things oh
yeah there be a pumpkin apples beets
something fried wild greens bridge that
is 14 hearts oh that's great but doesn't
have any special properties so no way
it's kind of a waste
asure those 14 days I used one of the
fortifying pumpkins in there well now
you know do we want to cook a frog yes
yes we chosen you can cook like some
monster parts and something else right
if you cook a monster part with a bug a
bug specifically yeah or it'll it'll
actually say like look at the like the
cricket it says to Korea to create a
stamina recovering elixir hey bug in a
monster pardon something pretty common
alright alright I can deal with that
yeah walking do it up so far which do
you like more Zelda best of the worst or
Zelda didgeridoo of time best of the
worst yeah yeah I mean I remember and
you know this this very well just could
be our ages at the time yeah cuz I'm a
little younger than rich but I remember
ocarina of time being that big world and
I was amazed when it came out that the
combat the the the side quest it was
giant to me as a small child but I also
agree with rich that this is kind of you
know this is the next evolution it is
giant and unencumbered by fences by
hallways by gateways it's it's one of
the most perfect examples I've just
learned by doing just go somewhere if
you die you can't go there you want to
go over there fucking try bitch
that's fairly random it's gonna be
garbage it binged so it's good yeah if
it okay if it turns into garbage it goes
blah yeah yeah I've made garbage before
yeah so it so you know that this is this
is it's wonderful this game is wonderful
for the time ocarina was great
spicy suck dick Pippa's I love ocarina
but in other ways I kind of see it as a
best of the worst in a bad way too slow
seriously it and and filled with TD shit
compared to previous games ocarina yeah
you know terrible world Terra no I'm
dead serious
terrible world at the time it was fine
for the time hold on to an apple Oh easy
come easy go right right you just stayed
that nut rich right uh I think you were
gonna go visit a town yep oh we're
working on ocarina of time was 1997 give
it a break twitchplayspokemon I don't
know what Daggerfall is rich you know
with dagger falling I've heard of it
yeah it's not the original Elder Scrolls
ok this horse kicks yeah
whoa horsey
you know if you jump off your horse and
pull your bow you do this little mole
thing yeah come on give me something oh
you boring fuck Oh Oh bull you dived
right into that I should - over it
timings really tricky on the Claymore
one super super dodge oh yeah Russia
this guy's a wuss
oh oh whoa wow what is it yeah you see
that if anyone saw the game stuttering
there that was not the stream yeah that
was I think we dropped down to ten
frames per second that's being generous
that was that was some still images for
a moment which will give you an idea
doesn't happen often it does not happen
often but that was that was some serious
serious this is it doesn't bode well for
the future of the switch if their launch
title is chugging that's that's what I'm
saying
this is supposed to be the game that
sells the system it's supposed to be
part of that sales pitch
Oh rice keys not things I can collect
guys suck that's a green rock
Wii U version stutters a bit too oh sure
I know like someone just did some
performance tests comparing Wii U to the
switch version of best verse and I
believe those performance tests came
back as the Wii U was more consistent
with higher frame rates sad that is and
that's sad their new console is weaker
than their last one their counting
entirely on this gimmick yeah to get
them through because it's I don't want
to I can't open it what I'm swimming
but can you I don't think that water is
deep enough to swim in those shows but
you know I get what I did I guess I
would have just swam right up to it all
right let's see here loner our chances
hi rich and Jack how are you this
evening also serious questions to Jack
what would happen serious question Jack
no serious one so okay what would happen
if you found out your kids are taking
drugs what drugs are they taking and are
they taking them right now because we
know my oldest is eight so if my
eight-year-olds taking drugs we got a
problem
meth or heroin yeah we're gonna have a
problem gonna have a problem pot
whatever this I decide to decide which
age your kid you discovered your kids
taking drugs this his career path might
be limited the gas station attendant but
if their meth the pot oh god what are
you talking about and somebody I know
who was a STONER working at the same gas
station he was when he graduated high
school with us
yeah yeah sure no I mean or you could
have a fine career in television and oh
sure sure no you know for for me I'm
thinking of a specific person oh yeah
who is the the biggest fucking pothead
on the planet yeah no I know some people
like that too I know some people like
that too and then nothing quite happened
with their lives right thank you still
there man okay come on and I guess that
would be the count the wood fell off
it's fine the conversation I would have
depending on how old they were like
obviously if it's before if it's before
15 okay I'm probably just not gonna it's
not gonna happen before 15 then we're
just shutting it down yeah and I will
try to figure out the most appropriate
way to shut it down without actually you
know making them want to do it more or
whatever you know however that works but
I look at slides IV I don't have no idea
how I would shut it down cuz you know
like that's a very situation Wow look at
that
diamond
any 15 or after I won't have a problem
with light drugs like pot you know a
little weekend drinking I won't have a
problem as long as my kids still do well
at school and/or work if they can
maintain grades and job while while
doing that stuff fine whatever you know
mm-hmm that's that's how I always felt
about it when I was a pothead would you
rather do a Potter or like nicotine
right well yeah I would be really
disappointed if they started smoking
just because to me it's not worth it
like then you might as well smoke pot
like the high is way better you can have
that talk with them yes like what are
you doing you're gonna be that asshole
that hangs are outside of places to have
a cigarette and the high isn't even
worth it get high get me get some pot
and motherfucker you know what I'm
calling this horse if we can ever
register it what courage courage courage
Chicago where is this horse where this
courage looking courage is all the way
down there won't be by the skeletons
courage no courage courage the cowardly
horse mr. buck oh and by the way I'm I'm
not I am NOT going to entertain any of
these smoking pot it's actually better
for you than cigarettes there are less
chemicals in five days bullshit that is
absolute bullshit the proper studies
have not been done no matter what you
are inhaling something that your lungs
were not meant to inhale it's all bad
for you worse better we don't know the
full extent because these studies have
not been
done oh it's a finicky horse I can't
wait to break it that's that's something
that potheads love to pad out well you
know actually you know they say smoking
pot has less carcinogen it doesn't have
the chemicals that cigarettes have but
we don't know enough to make those
statements no matter what you are
putting something in your lungs that
your lungs were not built for but like I
said yeah you know this days do think
it's still good grades they don't lose
their job over it and I'm fucking man
laughs do what to do what you want but
you know what if they start putting up
like blacklight posters in their room
and dressing all weird and getting into
Bob Marley then we're gonna have a
different conversation like you're
better than this don't be what are those
are those Birkenstock sandals oh god
you're waking you're wearing dreadlocks
you can you can't have dreadlocks sorry
yeah you know you can keep talking I'm
just no that's why I'm not responding
do what you want is a terrible parental
tactic not if they make the right
choices the the hope is as a parent you
have I'd like to have raised somebody
who thinks for themself and not who
thinks what I told them to think well
and the the real idea behind behind any
of this is your early parenting is all
about letting them discover consequences
for themselves and making them aware of
what the consequences are so that they
make the best choice for them I would
like to think I I had given my kids the
tools to make good decisions right right
and so had I kids who's gonna confuse
some people who are not hearing what
caused this conversation right so so the
idea is when year 1516 you're still
figuring out life and you can't come
down hard like you know there will be no
drugs in my house there will be none of
that because then all you're doing is
setting yourself up to be deceived if
kids want to go out and get high they
will find a way you know how I know I
went out and I got high and then I had
but I still maintain my school and when
my mom when I was in high school and my
mom found out that I smoked pot that's
the conversation she had with me she
goes hey here's here's here's the here's
how it works
you start effing up in school you start
effing up at your job all this gets
taken away mm-hmm
but you do all right in school you have
a job if you ever get someplace and
don't feel comfortable driving back call
me I'll come and get you
and that was a fantastic conversation to
get as a teenager because then the the
stigma of drugs was taken out of it
because like I think that's why a lot of
people gravitate towards like drugs and
alcohol
this is something I'm not supposed to do
I'm gonna do it all the time so go the
way I owe
he does turn his own way he turns on his
own yeah jack smokes pot and rich has a
secret love child oh boy what a day yep
all the news all the news right here no
now the Clown College story is a lot
clearer get it you get high you see an
advertisement for Clown College you say
hey this is probably pretty good idea
next thing you know you wake up and your
face is covered with white megohm at
least you hope it's makeup I didn't that
was the joke to make do my kids watch
this no they're not allowed they
wouldn't understand half the shit we
talked about right they probable you
know what they actually probably would
just because they love watching gameplay
footage they'd understand the gameplay
footage if they understand what we're
talking about now no no they would
probably just giggle every time we said
butt or set a swear word yeah so dear
where did you wanna shoot the deer and
shot a deer before there's gonna be a
new experience for okay great
opinions on buying a ps3 for cheap now
some good games yeah fine games you make
worse decisions in life
like doing pot don't do drugs kids you
know what as someone who has done drugs
I agree don't do drugs I never have yeah
I never felt the need yeah that's fair
that's fair I've said this a lot before
but you know I'm without drugs I am
significantly more productive had I
still been on drugs I I probably
wouldn't be doing the things that I'm
doing I wouldn't I wouldn't have had the
drive to to make videos and continue to
make videos and do all the stuff that I
do so hence that's my gas-station
comment you know that's the thing about
about pot is it kind of really relaxes
you rich Evans the square yes I've
always been a nerd I don't give a shit
not no we're not just nerve rich you're
square sure sure it's fun that's fun I
like that for part of in transition goes
I generally do 2 or 3 pots when I get
home do all the pots you want as long as
you get your shit done and that's
remembering people that's the moral of
the story as long as you get your shit
done do all the pots that's courage
you're gonna let me write it my courage
I'd give him a pet
he sticker I stuck this around him a
little pet oh yeah good courage know as
intenders I really want half the
functions dedicated to be I want to be
dedicated to a and vice-versa
say man you see that it's that he should
start being temperamental
I just got yeah yeah you got yourself an
ordinary horse ranch Jesus Christ I
thought we already played The Last
Guardian whoa
camera we did find out okay yes it's
true okay you don't know who the Yaga
clan is well now I gotta cut you
dedicated to defeating a hero thought
why would you defeat a there Ganon
worshipers the eco they're talking about
that in ke kero village really Ganon
worshipers in this game oh that's
hilarious
yeah there are Ganon worshipers nope
oh shit look at that and rich you got a
ninja I'm trying to think of the you
know what katana right
Oh disappeared
Wow let's look half your hearts by the
way all right by the by a Gannon called
then how are you running into all this
shit I've been to this town when I did
I'm the great though it's giant am I'm
not running into shit that you ran into
Oh rich you haven't seen half the shit
I've seen yeah there you go
but like I want to fight Gannon
worshipers oh that's true technically
technically there was a Gannon cult and
Zelda - that's all that Zelda 2 was
about was trying to resurrect that
wasn't a coat wasn't that his monsters I
was like mob wounds and whatnot I don't
think that was humans maybe maybe this
adds another level of humans an Xbox 360
or a ps3 for cheap ooh
that's super top
you got my tea bananas Nathan I think
you also get our weapon
I saw it fly that way I hope so - all
fucked up
vicious sickle you've got a man that's a
metal band right there Luz gentlemen
welcome to the show tonight we are
vicious sickle what through that sword
down I got me a fairy what yeah
a fairy came out of the sword that blew
up that's cool that's awesome I didn't
know that happened yeah fairy shit so
much shit happens in this game where's
courage damn horse is that oh shit guys
go he's coming back he's coming back but
you put the cigarette out we weren't
doing anything no that's not that's not
courage that's not crazy wait here no
wait no that's good no it's not no
where's your where's your animal where
did you leave him he went away
do you ever what side he left him on I
was like right in front of the lady
Oh way he came down he went down here oh
you know what yeah I know I know I know
what I'm exploring I wanna what's over
here I thought you missed him no no no
you passed him up I saw him okay I know
where he is what's around here which is
a lot of what this game is Oh what's
around here yeah oh yeah oh yeah and I'm
supposed to do this thing I defeat the
ultimate evil but uh oh my got weeks we
got weeks to worry about that shit
all right let's see here insert silly
username here says the first couple
games I have bought in the last several
years were doom and blood-borne based on
your oh you made some good choices shit
yeah you did I loved both should 0
horizon be my next game or is there
something else I don't like
I like 0 horizon and I have an issue
with the aiming right even with the
aiming I wouldn't like it anywhere near
as much as I do doom or blood-borne it's
really good though it's still really
good unless you're a mouse aim person
then you're gonna have issues with it
well we only assume if they have a
blood-borne I have a ps4 sure sure games
that are aiming type games come out on
it assuming the road will take me where
I need to go am I sure oh yeah the boar
and I I really really liked horizon it's
definitely lighter than both blood-borne
and doom and that's kind of what I liked
about it but much like blood-borne it
has this very deep and realized were
lands of that that's been some of the
most fun as far as horizon zero dawn is
concerned is just talking to people and
walking around and figuring out the
world you're in so I would obviously
like what rich said it's not as good
it's not blood-borne doom level but it's
pretty darn good a fine addition if you
are done with doom in blood-borne fine
edition escape Kage we disagree with you
that is all what specifically I find
from software's games boring bland
uncreated and pointless uncreate well
okay I can understand you don't like the
combat you might find it boring or
something but uncreated
I find it boring uncreated how do you
get some of the best monster designs
like anywhere not just in video games
but like in Hollywood yeah wonderfully
looking and animated monsters just for
that alone you you can't say they're not
creative yeah there's something
completely unique about the way you
fight the robot animals yeah in horizon
zero dawn
yeah that's a fair statement yeah it's
oh I think I gotta save somebody oh yeah
I've done that that's great
uh-huh I am your hero wait are the other
guys attacking someone else here I come
to save the day
oh no he's dead
look it up wait she's dead guys there's
got stars room is dying on on your on
your watch oh please
demo which the framerate drop hasn't
been often or unbearable enough to
really be of any note it hasn't bothered
me but if you're like sensitive to
something like that it happens often
enough to you in general okay even if
it's just a little bit it happens here
and there yeah it happens I guess with
me I have not noticed it often enough
where it would be of anything of note as
I keep playing if I keep noticing it
there's no quest I just I guess I just
rescued some people yeah oh there's the
village where's courage okay I think he
stayed still this time but Jack you
don't get it gamers got a complain about
everything it seems that way sometimes
it seems that gamers do complain about
everything mostly complain about you
complaining about things no or else
they'll complain about me saying good
things about a thing they're also
complaining about not saying enough good
things or about it not saying enough bad
things or saying the wrong bad thing I
know you're fast but oh you're such a
pain in the butt I don't know if you're
worth it yeah but if you like the more
the more you grow that bond the more
he'll listen
he's fucking fast I could just use a
pono but that feels like cheating it
really does I should have brought my
amiibo well you didn't bring your your
thing anyway so be able to point that's
just that right there's a normal fire
sir behind your way you suspicious man
who are you be on your way he's
suspicious my herb he certainly dude
beer to be a helium like the rest this
Hillians are generally good folk I know
that cuz I'm racist society for getting
all worked up you're not a filthy Gorgon
one of them one of them guild faces and
I like guild faces here are you Nick
breather it's the first racist - so the
breathers we got Rock munchers don't get
me started on the feather folk
Oh batteries yeah and we don't have that
watch up on the main computer so I
wanted to make sure I plugged it in well
what what time is it how long we've
going I've been going for three showers
just Trish yeah so I mean you know
anytime you're ready but David David had
a question yeah a tip question said he's
not not an avid pot smoker not a pot
smoker but as apparently I am a an old
he called me an old pot wizard and I
want to say okay he wanted some tips on
smoking pots make it an enjoyable
experience and that's really tough for
me because obviously I was young it was
enjoyable for me because I was with my
friends you can talk about your pops
talk about my pots I'm going Ritchie's
gonna go to the restroom I it was in
trouble for me because I was with my
friends and you know we would get
together and rich is gonna go smoke some
pot right now really dislike how you're
complaining about us complaining you
guys are great you guys are great
they go you know hang out with your
friends and do something that you would
normally enjoy doing but get high while
doing it that's all I can say so
look at look at courage look at this
courage it's just walking on his own
bye-bye link so I get Oh Oh courage got
scared by another horse
courage ran away courage ran away he got
scared by another horse so yeah I'd like
you know watch movies and listen to
music and hang out with your friends and
do all the stuff that you would normally
just enjoy doing but get high while
doing it and I think generally they say
that the first time you smoke weed
nothing really will happen like I
remember the very first time we did and
you know it could have been bad around
the very first time we did we got about
approximately like five minutes of
feeling high and that's it
it didn't really do anything and you
know we all felt kind of cheated the
next time though it was full-on and so
just go easy smoke pot and plays that oh
man that'd be great smoke pot and play
Zelda get high and watch all the Vista's
a vape 4:28 oh lordy Lordy you guys are
crazy
no no no no weed is a lot more powerful
nowadays oh that's I could never get
back into smoking pot I like I want to
say like you know I stopped smoking pot
because I got paranoid and you know like
maybe a couple years after I stopped
smoking pot you know a few friends of
mine were still pot heads and I I tried
smoking pot again this was a few years
later well before I was you know married
or had kids or anything yeah you know
what I'll try that smoking pot again
it's been a while maybe maybe I'm ready
for it now and and it was just way more
intense than I remembered it because pot
strains are now like chemically derived
and it's it's crazytown so take it easy
out there everyone Jack got my joke
great smoke pot and watch awful movies
with a Chad yeah Jack my five-year-old
is watching and just lit up a doobie
quit warping my child
what toke responsibly that's right
leftover beefcake toke responsibly
please answer fruit probably magician
what was the question hold on what did
you say 4pi have you dicks with robots
using corruption arrows yet no 4pi I
have not used corruption arrows yet
seems neat I've upgraded my staff and so
I do often times I will reprogram robots
and let them fight each other
I have not messed around with corruption
arrows yet and like you know I haven't I
haven't even gotten a bolt caster in
horizon zero dawn which is kind of their
version of a gun just because I'm making
my way really well using the tools I
already have you know having a bow
having the trap caster and having the
tie-down gun and the bomb thrower so I
didn't I didn't I didn't even get a bolt
caster caster the gun okay yeah so
they're asking did you use any
corruption arrows no okay
yeah neither do that I'm still not using
them not saying they ain't neat all
right let's do this dungeon and shut up
shut up the glip glops gotta shut up the
blip blocks yeah so funky nodular yeah
IKEA Holmes Oh God see you build it
yourself
yep building stuff sturdy sturdy rich
did they come with arms
she's a via these this chair in this
couch these arms were supposed to be the
same height by the way putting that out
there you guys can see that these were
supposed to be the same height
no I just went to use some Visine
because my allergies are starting to act
up Oh No
seasonal or probably something I gotta
do unless this is the very first of
early seasonal allergies because it's
been so unusually warm lately it could
be so it could be early seasonal yeah
can't believe people play with shrine
find around what are you talking about
that's great
you want them trines you you don't you
want the upgrades don't you want to know
what the shrines is okay what am I am
probably one
I want to come here to look for crime
how many have anything how many bubbles
blip it's three oh good yeah you were
due for an upgrade oh wait you don't
need to eat anything what if I take
damage I know this dungeon okay
it was it would be very unlikely that
you would take any damage and of course
at the end of the dungeon you get full
health does no I refuse to save scum I
and I'm I'm Ember this dungeon I've
already done this it would be very
unlikely if you do okay if you take if
you took damage you're doing something
wrong enough for you it's worth you
dying is what I'm gonna say oh wow oh
wow
yep okay so uses the controller I was
wondering about this I I did this puzzle
I just happened to be in handheld mode
yeah and I was wondering what someone
like if it would work with the
gyroscopes gyroscopes in the in the
controller oh it does I'm holding that
way down
classic tilty tilt the puzzle oh just
your classic tilt the puzzle wonder how
we get that I ain't saying so many we
have to smash it I ain't saying nothin
as part as it makes every other robot
attack them you know what I'm gonna look
into those corruption arrows for a
private magician I like I said I snuck
some time I snuck some horizon zero dawn
time and but now I really need to
concentrate on Zelda so we can get that
out soon and then I'm just gonna go
right back into horizon zero dawn so
I clicked on this expecting them to
expect me to see them filming a new best
of the worst but it's just Zelda ler
instead yeah like all of us you're the
best at puzzles look at you now try to
do that again
what what it can go upside down almost
pathetic that blew my mind I had no idea
I could go upside down I got a
recalibrate fuck it all up doing that
yeah scratch my nuts on camera right
it's like it's big an inch right on
camera too big an inch it's looking
right at your nuts too big an itch Wow
I think it's great but I just think it's
great that you could just flip this
whole puzzle over I'm just wondering how
to get that chest mm-hmm do you know
yeah I know I got it I'll let you figure
it out
oops I say this is an IKE grain-rich
this is a family show god I hope not
try not to watch this show with your
family
too big a niche a memoir by rich Evans
so Jack I had to restart the stream
which do you like better Zelda or
horizon I like them both for different
reasons I like horizon because of the
action and the very detailed world
fighting those giant robot no Dino
fighting those giant robot dinosaur
you're amazing
I recalibrate can I recalibrate this is
me holding it normally now you probably
have to like press B to get out of there
button or not so it depends on you know
cuz they they they both have an open
world they both have you know excited
cause they both have they both have very
similar aspects do you want to explore
do you want to hunt yeah do you want to
do want to explore or do you want to
fight giant robot dinosaurs both have
their merits so I like them both for
different reasons calibrate calibrate
calibration shotgun specialist you know
you're looking for you looking for
action you're looking for serious action
sci-fi or are you looking for a fantasy
adventure
I know what I need to do what I can't do
mm-hmm yes I agree that's where you tell
me you did this puzzle in the first try
no no it's a it took me I mean it took
me a few tries it's it's that ending
that's the real hard part and like you
said like it kind of gets on calibrated
and so it's all in funky yeah it took me
a few tries just turn it upside down do
upside down might be easier rich Evans
rich Evans the the only man to mow his
way through a hedge maze oh fuck off
wait wait wait leave do that do it look
around as link oh good the dip that's
great I'm suing I gotta climb up in
there
three hours later he did it a little
unconventional but it did it it's not
worth fallen to my doom I probably have
to tilt it down first I don't how do you
do it Oh give up I'll give up how did
you do it really yeah yeah you tilt it
tilt it and then go back you tilt it and
then you can jump on yeah cuz it stays
tilted so you you did yeah yeah you did
figure out with some experimentation
before I go and waste my time doing that
yeah I just forgot to ask his fucking so
how comically do you find all the 10 out
of 10 reviews for this no it's pretty
good 10 whatever it's here here's the
thing about any of that though like I
you know rich and I hate numbers like we
hate number review you know we're
viewing by numbers and so like it's
silly for me just because they're giving
it a number but now if someone thinks
this is a perfect game great don't them
or throw the ball off the balls already
are we do something else what that's a
good that could be that might be where I
got the nice shield Jack would you say
the switches say the switch is okay the
switch so far is what it what do you
call what do you call the the organ in
your body that you don't necessarily
need is superfluous this at the moment
the switch is unnecessary but doing no
harm it's your it's your it's your
tonsils
are they in necessarium the switch what
what aspect of the switch just its
existence existence yeah is unnecessary
but doing no harm so far it is not
adding there they're attempting to save
their console business by merging it
with their successful handheld business
right and the end result is gonna be
they collapse they're extremely
successful handheld business well but
they haven't announced that they're done
with the 3ds they're playing I guess
they're playing it a little bit safe
yeah this bombs oh just keep making
videos games see we told you we told you
this is big now we just phase the 3ds
out it wasn't because the switch shit
hmm yeah tonsils do a job okay well I
don't know appendices most certainly can
do a show out huh yeah but maybe an
appendix well yeah so maybe an appendix
is the more appropriate metaphor here
where the switch is in appendix where
right now it's not doing its you know
it's unnecessary but it's not doing any
harm but if it explodes Nintendo is
going to need an operation so it's it's
fine so far it could could really use
some games you hope they don't phase out
handhelds though this is very much a
handheld it's a giant ridiculous
handheld well that's the neck that was
the next part that was the next part
rich which is as far as handhelds go I
don't know if I'd want to take this many
places it's big it's like really fucking
big
compared I mean I'll get some
side-by-side chats compared to something
like my Vita and it's ridiculously big
all right nice bow that's good - that's
good - and you know it's bit being big
is good it's got a nice screen the
controls the controllers don't feel
terrible in short bursts for longer
gaming sessions though the the the joy
cons rip your tendons to shreds turn you
into little cloth finger thingies and
yeah but but like I said for very short
bursts the gameplay handhelds all right
wait wait don't go that way you won't be
able to get out
no you had it right yeah I just love em
they're making should be able make it to
the bottom level like where the ball
drops you should be able to glide over
there
just barely just barely boom Joey counts
a really small first time you picked
them up Joey can't feel micro-sized and
yeah they are the concept is good but
the ergonomics are bad oh yeah those joy
cons I've seen some people like hot glue
handles to like be back and I'll be
honest that looks great
I I can't wait for someone to just to
make like the plastic connector thing
that I'll snap on yeah yeah that'll be
an actual good handle that would be
great
it swells button placement placements
part of it to your thumb doesn't want to
go straight down like the way the buns
are oriented oh yeah I know and in your
right one yeah you have to reach down to
use the you guys can see my hand right
you have to like reach down to use that
thumb stick it is a pain in the butt it
sounds like jack keep saying joey gunz
yeah Joey comes can you climb the
flagpole
yes I can oh there's gonna be a guy up
there there's gonna be a seed up there
right I hope if that's on Skyward Sword
personally couldn't finish it to have
boring it was yep I finished it they're
just boring how you finish it yeah wow
that's more than I could do biggest plot
twist in a Zelda game and forever out of
it end well just just a bit of reveal
and why Zelda is important if you want
to know sure she actually is the goddess
she's the reincarnation of the goddess
who killed herself to imprison Ganon so
all of the princess Zelda's are the
goddess that they worship reincarnated
as a human okay yeah yeah have you
played just using one joy cow we only
did for that splitter clips game where
you just use the one joy Kahn there's a
racing game
that's a two-player racing game that I
was if rich didn't want to play Zelda I
thought we might play that tonight but
maybe we'll give that a go another time
actually we probably should do that and
try try it on the little screen there's
nothing this of you vistas Vista montage
go he will never say it right love it
joy Kahn I feel like I'm how are you
supposed to say it I don't know Joey
blow me blow me when I when I come on
Saturday I'll bring my switch and we'll
try that racing game up sure just to
give us something Experian
by the way vista's made a rug won the
best movie ever well as good they go
explore a model homes today look at
homes
I have not ever seen in this game I have
not yet seen something to rob in
somebody's house and I don't know I kind
of like that because it always struck me
as wrong when link would come in and
start looting and destroying furniture
yes I there was always a pinch of guilt
whenever you broke pots in people's
houses like that pot can you break it
where I'm on such a ban on breaking pot
streak I don't know if I want I can't
even you can't jump on the bed oh that's
bull hockey break the pot I can't this
is just this is just for flavor check
this hole there's nothing to do in here
can break that pot I think the reason
it's know what we mean that positive pot
inside rock safe the answer is gonna be
no no no I cannot okay are you talking
about snipper clippers for which I keep
I keep saying the name of the game wrong
its sniffer critters or sniffer clippers
or sniffer clip bird it's something and
I keep messing it up and I'm sorry it
was a fun game I was playing it I was
playing it with the boys today oh yeah
oh man and they could not stop giggling
at the goofy faces the little guys made
yeah you know like when you when you
regrow your stuff and it looks like
they're pooping oh they were cackling
rich it was great that's yeah it was it
was really fun
it snips
it's called nip slippers I doubt it
slipper nippers not like that critter
bits I think I get it confused cuz like
I just got a game for the ipad called
splitter critters it's like a little
puzzle it's a cutesy puzzle game for the
iPad yeah and so I'm getting that
confused with snipper Clippers splitter
critter snipper Clippers I don't know
and I you know what they're about to
tell me that I got that wrong now to him
so sorry
hate for grippers that's the game I
would play cuz no one's living here why
your house tick off why
and what it was another question I
missed
I'll buy this place as the boss so we
buy property in this whippersnappers hey
are you guys ready for some very
sensitive sensitively handled gay
stereotypes you ready for some some
softly sensitively handled gazed area to
the voice no no no will let his voice do
the the voice for us if you can hear it
a little eyebrow raised
my name is bolson he sings a little song
and new concern there's a little dance
like Japan always does yep he sings a
little song about his name and his
company where his bright pink pants and
a headband he's pretty adorable
nope there we go
anyway I think you said I did that one
oh god do the other one can do the other
one
my name again is bolson bolson that's my
name
shit ding that's that's my thing I say
my I sing a little song about my name
and I end it with shit ding that's
what's gonna make me the best
construction crew in town
yep I can buy it
sure ding he kind of looks like you jack
50,000 rupees oh my god it's like an old
jack yeah maybe girl my hair out a
little bit oh wow that's quite a deal
but only like 5000 but in return
don't you need you to bring me 30 wood
bundles building materials you know how
it is
never had a house in a Zelda game before
wait no we didn't Twilight Princess
started
Wow as our Hut we had a Hut technically
didn't we have one in Ocarina too just
like yeah we started a little tree house
in the whole Karnas ocarina I refused to
get it right at this point because the
name is too stupid it's what it's called
that's what the flute is called it's
called a flute but it's not a flute it's
a special thing of fluid oh he's got a
little pink earring too
oh my god that's a mirror amazingly
hilarious
Jermain clerk isn't there another word
for a small wooden bundle there is is
that on purpose that's terrible oh my
god
okay so long other I can sledgehammer
her it's been used less it's smart yeah
it's thinking it's good thinking is what
that is jack yeah all dem apples yeah
yeah you know them apples
I can't reach hardly any of them some
nightmare Apple quests become a
nightmare the Apple quest but I just
made up
you made an Apple quest nightmare that I
had to get all the apples but I didn't
get all the apples I failed no I'm sorry
I'm sorry that you failed your Apple
quest rich up here no eggs no eggs
there's eggs and trees yeah what yeah
that's crazy
have you been cooking eggs yeah nice
right there this game has everything
eggs and trees the details are kind of
amazing got eggs and trees me and what
else do you need what they even started
a little fire this could be your home
you didn't you didn't even look inside
before you said you'd buy it house for
3,000 bucks you don't have to look
inside that's a fucking bargain ok tears
they're like a trap door
all right so one over there you know
what in these little weird houses no I'm
a member you did the thing we did that
thing yeah where some of these Schmucks
that guys singing a little song that's
fergan over there with the suspenders
he's over from one two switch he doesn't
look anywhere near disgusting enough it
needs to look like rich Evans
I saw the suspenders I made the
reference that's all I got
oh great
well if she runs Oh Jack why hasn't link
mentioned whether or not to use his
focus yet that's the important question
I was so I was so happy you guys were
there with me for that glitch that was
the weirdest better use my focus glitch
and if that would have just happened to
me I might have started freaking out but
because it happened on stream and other
people could see it I felt more
comfortable with it I'm assuming there's
a story but that happens we're in this
town yes we should probably stop before
them for the sake of spoilers it's been
a long stream and you know what it's
been a relatively spoiler-free stream
because she's so much to do yeah so yes
after we're done with this little John T
edge restore town tour it's a nice town
I like this town I remember like I don't
know if you were saying this lasts on
Sunday about Hyrule and how Hyrule has
never seemed like a place worth saving
yeah this is just a barren a lot of
trees there's like one tiny village and
we're finally getting to see the full
grand yeah yeah of Hyrule
how many drinks did the focus glitch
make you drink many many drinks oh yes I
will read tips renegade Akira in fact
they actually we should have enough
juice to to make it known that heartily
heartily Jew stir up over here ok let's
see what we got here
aimless Corsair says the first time I
did weed it was a brownie in Amsterdam
it was fun at first but particularly as
we got Lost's getting back to the hostel
but then it got way too much for me the
second time was better yes edibles are a
very different high and they are usually
more potent and they turn normal pot
heads into raving lunatics please be
very careful with edibles they will fuck
your day like regular pot makes people
giggle and fall asleep edibles just over
waiting for the next thing edibles are
crazy s in 1984 says here's a tip for
that epic nut scratch one buck for each
nut lol keep up the great work
love rlm can you put a sensor bar on
that if you know what I'll see what I
can do
renegade Akira's is the difference
between zelda and horizon is scale vs.
polish you can you can fuck around in
Zelda and horizons worlds is just
breathtaking however I have to put both
on hold since near autumn came out scale
vs. polish there's kind of an argument
to be made there I don't like what is
unpack
about this not necessarily unpolished
but there's just not a lot in between
the stuff I've gone yeah but that makes
it feel real sure but as opposed to
there being just shit crammed in all
over the place
hmm yeah but all the shit makes sense
this this is Hyrule
oh it's been 10 minutes since I've seen
oh no that is not true unless you just
took a really just bland path by chance
I'm always finding some little thing
there I guess what I will say is there
is an argument to be made for scale
versus polish this world is
significantly larger than horizon zero
dawn and running on hardware that is
less powerful so if you're gonna argue
like graphical polish there's well
there's reasons for these things
this is the more stylized look which I
like yeah I really enjoy the look of
this game and I really enjoy the scale
yeah oh I thought you walked around for
10 minutes you don't see anything the
the argument with scale versus politics
okay I was plating the argument as
someone who enjoys going for walks in
the woods and camping it's a great game
just hey I walk Oh like you know what
you will find yourself doing in this
game so often is is you start up the
game and you go okay I got my quit wait
what's that thing over there then you
just go over there there's a question
though yeah sure is that here's the
drawback how replayable will this be
there's no replaying this game well
after that after that discovery is gone
because like it's just you just keep
playing the same game until you've
discovered everything and then as soon
as that discovery spark is gone oh then
it's useless but okay okay but that's
fine no we've been having we've been
having I've been having a lot of fun
playing it mm-hmm
now that I'm in the right mindset oh and
Ali raza says Jack when you play Marvel
legendary how do you decide how to set
up your game mastermind villain schemes
heroes etc right question I have trouble
coming up with good combinations that
work well together well Ally Raza well
there is a dedicated app it's free by
the way there's a free app called
assemble it's it's available to find it
is just called a symbol it's just called
a symbol if you go if you have a
smartphone either you know go to the App
Store the iPhone app store or go to the
Android app store like Marvel Legends
Assemble it's just a it's just called
assembly but but also there's other
options so so just go to your app store
and type in Marvel legendary and then
you can type in what expansions you have
you can type in difficulty level you can
type a number of players and it will
give you exactly the cards to pull and
it's great it's it's usually like
usually what we'll do is we'll use that
as a jumping off point for schemes and
bad guys and whatnot and then it's like
if we've played with a guy too many
times I will switch them out for this or
that so it's it's a great app we use it
all the time so yeah Assemble
I believe I won the last two games we
played you did you know that means which
we need another game night or else
Lisa's gonna be pissed
more importantly rich Lisa lost she's
cut there
yeah your wife asked your wife was
cutthroat god she's a monster
and she and she knows she lost
marvel all the crap what so so yeah
that's what we use we use the app and
every once in a while we'll we'll make
up our own game and you get to learn the
difficulties all right great
that is all that we now get to the
segments of the show in which we thank
all the people who have subscribed to us
during this is a show now that's a weird
terminology just right what's the
definition of a show
what's the what do we what's going on
here
alright so much like spax Spore who has
recent wente 5 fucking months in a row
max forces 25 months oh my god that's
fine that's fine you did it you did it
fine
I was trying I'm I'm inimitable no but
you did it fine great oh my god that's
like it's up down up oh my god even
higher yeah yeah yeah I'm trying to get
it blend Oh 75 rotoscope ik says best of
the wild breath of the worst pain tickle
it's already a pain in my ass every day
I open the news feeds and CB o TW o
who's talking about I would just tell
them humberto cabbage patch for twenty
six fucking months in a row somebody has
to be creeping up on 36 yeah we gotta
get so we gotta get something ready like
we better have it by next stream where
all hell's gonna start breaking loose
Humberto says lol choke my chicken
heliosphere 1969 maximum pad a smug
gofer cold hard true bad or very tough
okay
epic menu got fired at 42:26 fucking
months in a row says congrats on the
success of the stream and your rrom
projects thank you thank you doctor
smoke trees this is rich ready to admit
he fell for the Russian propaganda about
Hillary and Trump is far worse than she
ever could have been when when did I
thank you thank you for subscribing
Jesus Christ thank you for subscribing I
don't like either of them and I still
don't like either of them deal deal with
that goose cos 33 fucking months in a
row broth 44 Night Elf boobs says well
prereq ever stop streaming on a third
night of the week
love the stream no current plans - no
current plans do you know children as
they get older and need me less it's one
of those things where you know what we
remember
hey I'm shocked you're not sick of us
with two days a week right in all
honesty right that's the surprising part
and you know we started with just one
day a week and then we we actually just
added a jack solo stream Sunday thinking
that rich wouldn't want to come - okay
so I'm sure up to two days a week we are
treading lightly in this streaming world
as we don't want to overstay our welcome
so oh I mean we're out of things to talk
about as it is right as it is Jack
Saturday weeks
oh my god it could be bad but you could
add so that if we had a third day a week
we would also need another day just to
like watch movies and stuff to give us
stuff to talk about on the stream no I'm
sorry Mike and Jay we can't film the
best of the worst today rich and Jack
need to read comic books all day so we
have something to talk about on our new
Friday stream
actually that sounds kind of great let's
do that Oh bother
22 fucking months in a row says Double
Deuce the check notices dude 21 fucking
months in a row
galactic Shawn Lord Belmont for twenty
four fucking months a neurosis two years
of giving you my money you hack frauds
foamy KITT grow ve no I know I can't
tell you about secret rlm projects if
there were secret rlm projects then they
would be secret think about that first I
can slug you briefs like look you bris
I think it's lugubrious that's what I'm
gonna say sure says keep it up gents
okay from the fifth double bond Sheldon
Shibboleth says six months of forgiving
Jeff Bezos money do you hack frauds jr.
Lovecraft says check what who was muck
from Pokemon and does he poop pee and
drool all over himself
my clinical instructor used him as an
example of colon colon a colon urgent
crisis amok is a Pokemon who is made up
of muck he's like this blobby Pokemon
monster I think they said he was made
from toxic Google so it's like I don't
think he's poop and pee we do have to
assume because he is a living creature
that he does excrete waste fluid but
he's also made out of waste fluid so
perhaps that just makes him larger
Pokemon I I'm not Pokemon biologist so I
cannot help you out there I'm sorry
Master Kenobi double-oh-seven
thirty three fucking months in a row
since you know thing no getting closer
to three years keep up the great work
we say a35 yet I think we've seen a 35
then we need something I know we do
TC better live says woo all right JJ Chi
Kerr for 14 months in a row JJ shaker
says rich Evans is the greatest treasure
of all and Jack is okay too
the real net boy says Klaatu Barada
nikto sounds evil deadish oh so Sarah go
Bunga Doug
for 30 fucking months in a row Bunga
Doug says last month it was read wrong
so let's try this again because of our
LM life is more rich no one Jack's me
around and my kid or not it's all going
to be oj no joshan that's scared I like
that cute
I like that can you see my finger
waggling it's cute
we got a told Josh he got sent more
beard stuff oh yeah yeah
he loves that beard stone Ohio Valley
beard place they gave him more stuff he
loves that stuff he loves that stuff and
now his beard smells fantastic like
smelling his beard that's I haven't done
that that's the common weird no rich
it's common courtesy if anyone has a
very large beard you're supposed to
smell their beard and say that it smells
what if I got a lot of like hair on my
butt is that common courtesy to come and
sniff my butt is it is that your butt
hair a beard no and get it together you
just go around and smell them body hair
beards its body hair
snake lots of fives Edgar Allan a ho Poe
says thank you rich for being a good
mascot for us boring straightedge people
you're welcome
you are the king of the straightedges
you know why you never mentioned
you never go around telling people that
you're straightedge okay you never like
that
I knew some straightedge people in high
school and like it was a big deal for
them like in high school like a
straightedge man all the way and like
they would like when you're vegan yeah
that was the first hey man I'm straight
edge all right and no she's third things
I choose not to do I don't make a big
fucking deal out of it that's why you're
the king
okay with the straightedges space Jack
2084 for 12 months in a row says hot
damn a whole year since I came out of
the shadows thank you guys for all the
yucks
and what nots Sam be dicks oh gee shots
for 30 fucking months in a row says hey
guys thanks for the great and
entertaining streams glad to add my
support have a great evening
rambunctious rapscallion rapscallion
rapscallion vendor 'if the what though
I'm sorry the Walter melon the Walter
melon that's just as hard to say as you
think it is we'll leave it off there for
you on the table the traveler speaks
says Jack but remember your first laksa
should be restaurant quality otherwise
it would be like losing your virginity
to an ugly old fat yin flat-chested
smelly funny tasting whore that's a very
specific kind of whore what's that what
sort of experience did you have Vance
says five months of streaming and
dicking a black mark so are we are we
assuming that like that's like a black
mark like on a piece of paper yes or is
that his name is mark and there are
several marks that he is around often
so he's the black mark or he's just an
african-american person named mark he's
a black mark he's white well other marks
in this world
I I assume that you is the only one that
is african-american you you only need
something that's specific when there are
multiple marks like oh yeah there's
there's mark and blue smarts calling
with a cue mark with a cue I don't know
I don't know what you want to make out
of that interesting
midnight Andy 17 months and a roses hi
guys
is it wrong to ignore every other game
for the ps4 while just replaying
blood-borne no it is not it's not wrong
I know that's that's by the way I would
love to do that I would love to do that
since since they fixed Arkham Knight and
PC and I picked it up when it was on
sale it is now the blood-borne is just
it's it that and before horizon but I've
got a misha's with that right the ps4 is
just a blood-borne so it's still just a
blood-borne machine with me that's what
I'm looking for are like specials
notation or or like runner-up status
sure to horizon zero dawn okay let me
use a fucking Mouse Prix don't ask me to
hit these tiny fast-moving things the
fucking analog stick maybe one day maybe
one day and Jack Lamont thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do I don't regret my
voting choices fuck off have a good
