Episode 060
Invisigun Crazy!
April 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZSE_POJvwA
___________________________________________

here you can take that oh you know what
I forgot to do a thing that I wanted to
do what the thing was that here I
thought I'd be super smart rich so right
before we started the stream we filmed
our Legend of Zelda breath of the wild
discussion yeah and I brought with me my
laptop and my harddrive because
something that takes a bit of time is
ingesting all the footage yeah like all
you know we three cameras you gotta
ingest all the footage you gotta train
you transpose to ProRes and not at all
it's tough so I was like hey I'll do
that while we stream oh my god and well
it'll it will literally save me like two
hours tomorrow
and so I can start editing faster and I
just forgot to do it so I'm sorry that's
all right I'm SuperDuper sorry we can't
play more Zelda cuz we didn't bring the
switch enjoyed it though enjoyed the
fuck out of Zelda yeah good game it's a
good game that Zelda that Zelda is a
fine game was most of the discussion
talking about the weapon braking system
know a fair amount of it though as I
didn't like it an enriched thought it
wasn't appropriate
I thought of work for the kind of game
they were making I mean they could have
stand it added a little bit like 25 to
50% more durability I think that's my
gut feeling on every weapon across the
board but yeah it was fine and
yeah I thought I hit quit quit weird
great great all right hey let's see what
you know we have a shit ton of games we
can play another game we can play like
another game if I can't go too late
mostly because I don't want my face to
explode midstream
yes we have this so need to win that
missile only FTL run I never claimed I
was going to win a missile only FTL run
just that I was going to try one and
that it would be a disaster which it
obviously was because a missile only run
right I think that was kind of a
disaster
Oh guys I would love to play Isaac oh
I'll tell you what though waiting to
play it on the switch alright I'm gonna
wait play it on the switch because uh
kind of looking forward to playing that
mobli interview the Angry Video Game
Nerd about his crappy movie he released
a few years ago we're in no place to
talk to any web celebrity about their
crappy movie that made themselves hey
ain't got nothing against the angry
video game nerd I ain't got nothing
against no one Vice City I see I see I
see oh we don't have it installed you
talking about grand theft auto vice city
somebody suddenly something someone a
robe like I didn't take a look at it
might be good I've been too busy play as
much as old as I can that was the point
that was the plan I I actually I beat I
beat Zelda probably 20 minutes before I
can
I was really close and then I powered
through did we see that screen junkies
ripped off nerd crew yes I did see that
it was kind of sad really
they did a a fake overpraising podcasts
it's it's honestly shameful
the the really upsetting part is they
had on there I don't know if you if you
if you've ever seen her stuff what's her
name Jenny
chat channel know what her name is and
put it in the chat her name I got I
guess it certainly wasn't personal
because I just haven't watched much of
their stuff so I don't know who you're
talking about
there there's there's this youtuber
named Jenny someone please say what her
name is Jenny from the block yeah it was
a you know what I was embarrassing Jenny
sent what's her last name anybody
oh Jenny Nicholson her name is Jenny
Nicholson she well she makes really fun
videos yeah and she she has fun thought
peace videos and they had her on to do
this like fake podcasts overpraising
record crew thing and it's like oh it
was just sad rich is what it was it was
just sad and I saw that crop up online
and I felt sorry for them because it was
so bull Aidan boom I wanna watch this
I'm stream yeah you wanna leave you want
to watch it I'm curious what they did
can someone link to it and someone link
to it who cares
somebody link to this thing someone link
to it no well and that was upsetting for
me because I'm like I I'm a subscriber
to Jenny's channel and I watch her stuff
all the time and I think she's very
funny but
then she was on this thing and it's like
that almost soured me on her and was
like oh don't do that
that's stops growing I want to click on
this up curly I got a stupid touchpad
can't do anything with a touchpad did
you do it
oh Jesus Christ turn which is watching
it right now
all right there bit is talking about
saying like a second to footage right no
they're saying they watched a clip
mm-hmm their bit is reading people's
tweet okay and and using the tweets to
talk about Star Wars footage okay okay
that's the bit see no no you got you got
a fake one second two footage and
wouldn't be easy to do because you have
to fake one second a foot if you did a
second of footage the tiniest glimpse of
a lightsaber and like it's the clip has
to be less than a second long yeah that
you're overanalyzing yeah that's how you
do that in the comedy the the idea is
that they're over analyzing someone else
talking about footage they saw which I
think doing it that way
they're too fucking lazy you're stupid
to make a fake clip I'm I'm not
disagreeing with you
yeah I wouldn't make it a minute in yeah
I technically I'm at one minute and one
second and I went to click pause not
even thinking about it like the one
minute mark at the one minute mark on
what to go pause like oh it's that one
minute exactly yeah so I made it one
minute yeah you sucked in Wow Wow sucked
in right let's not go there I don't want
to
we're warring with screen junkies I got
nothing against some I got I got nothing
personal nothing personal against them
and like I said I'm that lady in the
middle I like her YouTube videos I think
she's very funny she had a really good
one for Suicide Squad where she talked
about just the practicality of forming
such a squad yeah and she's funny she's
generally funny
hold on
J was freaking on spring onions but no
Janos one of the people who produces or
is on screwed right jig is Jay's friends
with them so no it's not there's nothing
personal against them and you know what
there is also here's I'm gonna I'm gonna
get larger wrench there is nothing wrong
with taking inspiration from someone
else's bit and turning it into something
I don't think they did it as well and I
don't think they turned it into their
own thing but hey you know what there is
nothing wrong with it yeah well the
other thing is like they they did not
set up the bit properly where if the bit
was going to be instead of analyzing
footage we are going to analyze someone
talking about footage right
they weren't they have footage of
themselves talking about footage that
they could have used
well you overanalyze your own Jedi
Council episode oh I like that
that would have been funny right well no
but they didn't get into the bit fast
enough if the bit was like okay this
tweet says saw some footage and it was
amazing let's take this word by word ah
Mei Xing does that mean there's gonna be
a maze in Star Trek Star Wars does that
mean it's gonna start with the letter A
what do we know about the maze like they
didn't get into the bit fast enough is
is the problem
what is this this is in visiting he rose
now they gonna cut started us hi I have
a parent there's a little tutorial thing
that I need to get through so the give
with this game is it's a multiplayer
game so I plugged in a second controller
in which all the players are invisible
okay and we have to fight each other but
we're invisible inspired heavily so as
you see now I'm running around but I'm
invisible but I just bumped into wall so
if I bump into a wall you can see me
bump into a wall but I know I can't see
you you people actually want to see more
Zelda I have nothing against playing
whores olap we can do that about we do
we can't do it tonight the problem is we
weren't we weren't encouraged to play
more Zelda because going from Oh game
audio is too loud if you remember going
from one to switch to Zelda lost us a
few hundred viewers really yeah you
hundred a couple a couple hundred
hundreds of viewers are you shitting me
mods double double check my math if I
remember correctly going from one to
switch to Zelda lost us a couple hundred
years because I think people didn't want
spoilers oh that makes sense yeah and
everyone's doing Zelda right and so we
were not encouraged to do more Zelda and
we shed 200 viewers and minutes Tiberius
Thank You Tiberius I can't give you any
more ones whose which because I gave it
to gamestop plate play Doom I can't I
can't switch gears that fast the last
like two and a half to three weeks of my
life has been split between horizon zero
dawn
Zelda breath of the wild I think trying
to play doom right now would just be
like getting hit in the head with a
brick not because I don't like doom I
fucking love doom but so different oh
god right so different I would get
whiplash on error right
yeah and horizon and Zelda had via were
you know FEMA Lee very similar totally
different but had a very similar themes
yeah I think Sunday will do near
autonomy mama Nero tied up I'm at a man
that'll be a fun one autumn Nier
automata yes well I think it's out on pc
friday my brain might be too fried to do
a review on that I don't mind streaming
it yeah will stream it and you know what
will change your mind your mind I think
we've done that before
jump over the wall can we even upload
the one to switch and Zell the streams
to YouTube since Nintendo was a bunch of
dicks well it'll make that much money on
the YouTube videos honestly we'll put
them up so we'll probably flag them if
anyone
we just don't monetize those exactly if
ever anyone noticed that they're unable
to watch the WWE stream on YouTube it's
because WWE flagged it and so they
control we're behind on our YouTube
videos yeah I was playing the wild and I
completely lost track of time and I
noticed it was 5 a.m. I was like oh shit
I need to cut up those YouTube videos
and I was legitimately going to do that
today
Oh while I'm ingesting footage tomorrow
would you like me to cut up a couple
just just to give us a couple days all
right I'll do that
I I mean I I have to take time to ingest
anyways you guys are on patreon who
cares if it gets to monetize red letter
media is on patreon prereq is not
so mainly for me me it's mainly for me
even if you don't monetize it yourself
Nintendo's claim will turn it on for
them that's true well then we pull on
Jim sterling and we we insert like some
copy written songs a small star I love
it I know you're an all-star over the
only YouTube video we have a title
screen form I think we need like maybe
like Nickelback I don't know if Smash
Mouth does it like you know like someone
who's a real who's a real prick alright
hey grab a controller what oh my god I
will just this is standard alright so
you had a tutorial and I didn't I feel I
need to point out metallica metallica
reading with a chat is saying for oh yes
metallica will certainly okay so press a
button and choose your hero i don't know
who anything with any of these people do
what he looks awesome
when okay so as you see you move with
the arrows a is your gun and bees your
special ability i don't know what your
special ability is okay you are
invisible unless you go through water
bump into a wall or fire okay as am i
let's just fucking do it let's do it
Boyd beats I think I tipped like an hour
and a half ago still nothing I didn't
see anything alight hold on I'll take a
look take a look when we switched over
it might have gotten lost in the shuffle
okay hold on before we say ready sorry
hold on Lloyd yeah when I switched over
to me
I don't see anything
lloyd hold on yep I said that one uh
well here's just to catch up on the tips
unit six with read it says hey rich and
Jake I like giving you money because I
realize both our lemon prereq has a lot
of integrity no sponsors you don't take
freebies making them what you want and I
give them for that I give you props you
know we're not against freebies if you
want to give us it's not that I got
really like uncomfortable when I love
Firaxis yeah axis yeah well like they
wanted to send this Laker games
oh noes the civilization beyond that was
when they were making Alpha Centauri
they was just like I can't do that yeah
it makes it a lot easier on us as
critics yeah yeah oh okay here we go a
dish stirrer says you guys should play
wandering Souls I sent a download link
to contact at red letter media but can
give you another link if you need great
game
we'll get that eventually thank you shag
Oh hob 1897 says would you guys ever
consider holding a contest to have
someone sit in on the tapings of best of
the worst
keep the prereq streams and shows coming
no we're a very private internal what
I'm looking for well no we no yeah no no
no like one rich is saying like where we
are actually like we are not necessarily
outgoing people right and I know it's
weird because here we are talking to a
bunch of strangers on the Internet - we
would have no I would like we also like
like the thing we produce and we want to
produce something really good so we
would have no idea if you would be good
at it and that would bother us so no I
think they just want to sit in though
and be in
area and that would still be weird still
be weird
cool trainer leh handi says these two
dollars are mainly for Jack thank you
anonymous says here are some pre
recommend ease for Jack's broken nan
patreon ass go get yourself something
nice thank you you can say it you guys
have creepy fans some of them few times
few times yeah most of you are cool
passionate friendly people most mostly
people are great just actually almost
scary yeah and for the last of no
neither of us have seen Logan yet and I
have no thoughts on Mel Gibson directing
Suicide Squad to Mel Gibson is a
talented director even though a slight
dickhead ready yep
so yeah the give of the game is that
you're both invisible do you move over
to wouldn't hit her my dress it in the
wrong maybe I should be using I use the
deep end I'm using the deep end I think
it's a little easier it was actually a
tile over further than I thought
and I'm blaming that on the analog stick
sure sure okay you're red I'm blue yeah
ah I kept bumping into shit ah I know I
had to move quick YUM are you per se to
skip why would I want to skip well now
you get to talk shit
ah what how did you get there oh you son
of a bitch nice rich you know what nice
one shows the tip and I saw it pop up
under the tips on the screen to get lost
or something
Lloyd beat my face has been around for a
while and water smacked around me but
Silver's Rick roared enough evil Lord
David atomic mousetrap real van one
small ball anonymous but we already said
that's the page when we said that one
I'll leave Roz the reviews are hilarious
Mass Effect 4 looks awful hmm yeah I
expected that to be a dumpster fire yeah
now I have to go look in the up the
reviews I don't know that was out we are
not reviewing it
wait it's not I'm not playing it's not
out yet I think the early reviews so
early
do not do not send it to me even though
I will destroy the copy save your money
give it to somebody who needs it please
yes Lloyd I
do we just need a diagnostic on this
fucking laptop is that no you know I'm
just gonna restart stream tip alert er
that's what I'm gonna do
can Jack play it Jack doesn't want to
play it how about that the people models
look terrible I don't know about all the
people models I know the protagonist
looks like a stick figure we didn't want
to use very typical and whatever Oh
big tough hero I want to be some skinny
stick figure dude or a big tough lady
like whatever yeah yeah okay hey you
know what Lloyd I restarted the stream
tipalert er and I see your tip also one
from Len fly Kaczynski we missed a
couple so I'm sorry about that
Lloyd beats us Jack have you heard of
little nightmares
it's basically inside Meets The
Nightmare Before Christmas looks like
something you'd be totally into comes
out on April 28th Thank You Lloyd I will
look into that that's what little
nightmares is it's inside meets The
Nightmare Before Christmas okay okay
it's a game that Lloyd and I will I will
look into that
thank you lord Lenin fly Kaczynski said
rich what's the best moment in your life
the day you proposed to Karen when you
started working for rlm or when you
found out Jay Cutler is no longer at the
Bears
I'm a Colts fan happy for Bears episode
of Star Trek TNG mm-hmm and I said ah
fuck it and I leaned over and kissed her
Oh that'd be the best day oh that's
great that's great rich I'm happy for
you okay let's get it let's give it a go
let's give it a go
I thought I was one up we almost bumped
into each other yeah I know I thought I
had you I thought I had you rich the the
Moriarty episode I don't remember which
one I think it was the second Moriarty
episode Oh
yeah
what was shooting the blue thing kills
me
apparently ricocheted back that's my
power apparently I put that blue block
there nice nice one rooster says the
moment I kissed the love of my life yeah
but which Star Trek episode was it oh
I'm really glad you had your first kiss
with care it's great but what would we
want you a Star Trek
oh I couldn't move fast enough I thought
you were in the middle of the pool but I
should have known that because I would
have seen your footsteps you know what I
like this yeah yeah I backed this I
backed this on Kickstarter ages ago and
it came out months ago and I just never
got around to it oh let's see here
gobbledygook say oh no uhh so yeah
gobbledygook says speaking of bits and
things I'm thinking of changing my name
I'm thinking of changing my name is it
offensive it gets flagged sometimes I
don't know why it's spoken in king of
the hill and that's a clean show let me
know if it bothers you gobbledygook s'
gobbly gook like oh my god it's a bunch
of stuff it's a bunch of gobbledygook I
think it's weird that it gets flagged I
don't know why gobbledygook but don't
know I know why why but it's it's own
thing that isn't related the last part
of that the second Jeon yeah but that's
not how you pronounce that I know but
that's if that's why it's getting
flagged the thing that looks at text
sure oh it's thinking like it's spelled
kind of closely to a racial slur yeah
sure I guess I guess don't change it for
us though or else we won't know who you
are gobbledygook
all right let's see here a sewer Dan
forces Rich's constant product shilling
finally convinced me to make a purchase
fun fact with shipping the total of
space cop guerrilla interrupted and the
poster comes to $69 nice thank you thank
you very much I'm ready
nice
oh I was gonna turn it shoot yep I
caught you I caught you so you have like
a little finder drone yeah very nice
cool cool cool cool let's see
gobbledygook says seriously help me
fellas is gobbledygook Jean T y T V y7
PG pg-13 R and C 17 M X I don't know
these things the name sounds okay to me
but who knows if it offends people maybe
yeah like gobbledygook s' is a way to
say a big mess of thing yes but the last
part of it if it was just one oh I
wouldn't freaking worry about it don't
damn name don't worry about it it's fine
it's totally fine if your name work kill
all the cooks different that would be a
little different then we'd have to have
a little conversation with you right old
handsaw says Jack I just want to say
good luck with the root canal I'm having
dental cleaning tomorrow bad oral news
always begins with the cleaning courage
hey it's it's important to have a
regular cleanings and then hopefully you
won't have root canals but hey I'm
feeling much better now I've had I had a
little Tylenol there's a tylenol
downstairs I had a beer so I'm all good
now gobble the gobbledygook is its own
word that is not related to a racial
slur but the last part of it if it you
had the long o sound which is a word I'm
not going to say on stream anybody
anybody who's getting bad out of shape
about that too fucking sensitive about
gobbledygook
about everything
agreed all right doctor dream it up says
hey guys I have nothing else to say but
I catch you guys live so rarely I wanted
to give you more money use it to buy a
sandwich or a firetruck or maybe a
helium laser gun or something okay Irish
I still got to come back one more kill
for you and you win what I was up I lost
track of where I was oh I went down I
was I went down too far I thought I was
one tile up excellent game rich oh of
course we're gonna go again yeah this is
gonna
I've been meaning to play this there is
online mode there's online functionality
I just haven't gotten around to playing
it Shanna God says gobbledygook noun in
formal language that is meaningless or
is made unintelligible by excessive use
of abstruse technical - technical terms
nonsense
yeah yeah company Guk I'll be upset if
you change that name yeah I don't change
it oh yeah you're changing yeah go ahead
change do it do it I'm surprised you
guys never do drinking games on this
stream rich doesn't drink so that would
be a really awkward and I have no
problem drinking alone but like that
Beach is really aquifer rich take a
drink rich did you long in as you when
you bought this fasting this is this
this is on edge okay so so I have this
on each but it is available on Steam I'm
blue now
and I am pink save Wisconsin look at
this guy just big death Reaper oh wait
it's and I tell you what they do drop a
portal teleport yourself contrary small
destructible block in front of you that
reflects a shot that's all oh I think
that's why I was last time I was Carmen
you were Proteus ather furious ground
pound that damages obstacles and stuns
foes Oh iris cover a lot of ground
quickly using a quick short burst of
speed you know I'm gonna try oh you're
gonna be okay no that's all right I'll
be iris all right perhaps my focus right
might reveal something useful yeah see
that's that was a drinking game for a
Jack solo stream that's fine if it's a
Jack soloist room we can do drinking
games start oh I'm up there okay alright
alright get the lay of the land here
Oh
I almost turned that right you get a -
imposed to walk I thought I had you I
thought I had Jim Jack secret is that
he's always drunk no I'm not even I'm
not even drunk now I've only had one
beer tonight
Oh ready
Oh quick on the draw rich there's a
choke point man you got to get to that
choke point right good work jack I felt
good about that I felt good about that
that's gonna be my only kill the whole
game where can I contact twitch to ask
gobbledygook to be whitelisted that's a
great question I do not know the answer
to that question Oh
the tall grass you can move through
ah uh what you a shield
no you do how did I get a shield
I don't know
are you new rich what are you gonna do
yes gotta be quick on the draw I picked
up a shield thing you must have yes it
saved my ass wherever I picked it up
bullshit was that what that powerup was
what is even happening right now rich
and Jack keep vanishing lol well that's
the game is we are you are in stealth
you are invisible unless you bump into
something or shoot right you're
invisible even to yourself and so you
have to remember where you are and try
to figure out where they are this is not
a fun game to watch oh well it's very
fun to play deal with that
oh I thought it was one lower no choke
points did I always want to make videos
and suffer didn't I have it I thought I
was on the space under oh sure oh no I
was I've talked about this before I was
an aimless youth aimless I did not know
I had no idea what I wanted to be for a
very long time and I just kind of fell
into the video making stuff and ended up
really liking it
not no no
oh so the neat thing about this level is
if you see like the tall grass that's
how I kept reorienting myself it's like
running purposefully running into the
tall grass cuz you know like you can see
it Russell yeah but I also see it
Russell that's that's the the trade-off
and so like it's just kind of like
anticipating where they're gonna be in
trying to figure out where they're gonna
be this this is intense
this is great this is great it's great
No
yes you are there yeah oh no idea I
thought you were I thought you were down
there I was waiting for you to move down
there hmm let's see here where are we a
bit a bit of an ass as a Scottish person
says the off switch I can assure you Mel
Gibson is a perfectly fine choice
he and Warner Brothers have a long
history of making films that completely
ignore and insult the source material
well great
ah I'm trying to think of a Mel Gibson
directed movie that I've seen Braveheart
I had in zebra though yeah didn't we
didn't care I don't know how hard the
patriot he directed the Patriot Last
Temptation of Christ since day one I
think he directed the Patriot pretty
damn sure he did very similar to
Braveheart it's what I've heard I've
seen the Patriot but you know I think
he's won awards like he's won accolades
for his directing yeah you give him an
action movie he knows kind of the action
movie structure could be fine I don't
care I don't care I still need to see
the first one game child UK says got
Dead Rising 4 on Steam yesterday on its
own it's ok as a Dead Rising sequel like
rich predicted it's a letdown to
streamlined
fake Frank West and just too damn easy
bring back Psychopaths and timers yes I
know what patriarch the Patriot emmerich
rollin in recorded each other that makes
way more sense that makes movie more
sense
Patriot was Emmerich yes I can see that
already
sure
oh nice where are we go yeah we did that
mr. bucket 88 so speaking of dental work
that's yeah dental work it's a part of
adult life it's been a while since I've
been to the dentist and I have terrible
teeth I had my wisdom teeth removed last
week and all I could think of is how
much I look like Roberts Adar it was
scary
have you had your wisdom teeth out yes
okay yeah that sucks that sucks
Jack example Esquire says hey there I am
a semi old fart who recently stumbled
upon your stream thanks for the
entertainment as I find myself with more
time to play games these days what games
are worth my time well entirely depends
upon what kind of games you like I know
recently both rich and I enjoyed horizon
zero dawn and Zelda breath of the wild
yeah as examples of games that we enjoy
yeah you might like real time strategy
games you might block well you might not
you might like I might oh no yeah no I
could recommend one here here's a game I
have a game recommendation that everyone
loves yeah rocket League yes no matter
what type of gamer you are you will love
rocket League rocket league is fun yes
super fun let's give this one more girl
rich okay what time is it
it's almost it's nine o'clock right now
so I figure if we're giving you know one
more good game we will have to call this
an early stream okay just because I
don't know when my tooth will flare up
again and I do apologize for that
know about jumping oh you just did the
ground pound one oh I did that one I
like that one double damage we die in
one hit why would I need double damage
slash foes and incoming fire to stock up
double damages well what if I get a
shield or something I'm just putting
that out there activate to create a
controllable non-lethal decoy what all
right I'm gonna try I'm gonna try Phoebe
Phoebe drop a portal teleport yourself
or a live shot to it I'm sorry - here -
it's right now it's it's deala below I
tooth but who knows you're gonna see our
footprints cuz it's raining
no okay defeat thee
oh shit
Oh interesting strategy they're rich
Wow can't Wow that's why drugs they
didn't give me any good drugs they
didn't give me any good tooth drugs that
take some Advil it's fine try it next
time try and not be seen
Thanks I don't quite understand how my
teleport works you can go there at any
time nope
where
shit
did I get you
then you got the deed to coin oh oh
really oh they're streaming until 2:30
a.m. that's right
tooth hurty am rich 2:30 tooth hurty
amazing amazing wordplay
quick draw quick draw tooth tooth here
like if you walk into somebody you stun
yourself and apparently like I you can't
stay on the same square and I was hoping
just to turn up and shoot yeah but but
pressing up you go up a square
nope
I'll I was way off
that was lucky that was due that was a
shot in the dark right there I still
have a hard time believing plinkus
little adventure is a real thing that
exists go play it now it's great that
was a that was a fun game
quick-draw I'm a quick-draw did you hear
about the midget psychic who escaped
from prison she was a small medium at
large
that's a great joke Akbar it's a great
joke quality quality joke act button I
think I programmed that no did you yeah
well then there you go
quality go Grich I heard him somewhere
else I cannot take credit yeah yeah
the lightning it messes up all your
sneaks oh I thought I'd I knew you're up
there too so I was gonna like quick jet
over and shoot up I knew you were there
so I was like I was you got I can't
believe that timing I was amazing
did you see my arrow just going over
there 33 you sure wasted a lot of ammo
before I wasted your face get out of
town
what shot in the dark that was just a
shot in the dark
apparently Q&A; the Phantom often I don't
even realize it Oh
did you guys hear about the circus that
was on fire it was intense that was a
great joke that was a great joke and I
loved it
letting fly Kozinski's is Jack the early
streams of you guys playing crazy tacky
taxi and binding of issac aren't on
YouTube can you put them there yeah they
should be there on YouTube I don't know
uh you might want to double-check that
they absolutely should be there double
check I guess yeah all of them should be
there
fuck I saw I saw my opportunity rich you
see an opportunity you got to go for
crazy taxi has a copyright a soundtrack
if if if there's a copyright strike it
might not be available in your country
which also could include the United
States it's up there there's just not a
lot we can do about it if there's a
strike against it or not a strike a
claim a strike is something different
than a claim
so what's the deal we've done the
nighter uh you know what I'm feeling my
tooth a little bit alright I hate I know
you're probably not feeling great I hate
to make it a short stream but we're
gonna make a short stream so I'm very
sorry everyone we'll be back on Sunday
with some near automata monopod oppa
what is your tooth surgery hopefully by
tomorrow I won't feel any pain Oh
surgery isn't for weeks oh wow wow
you're fucked
but it takes two days for the
antibiotics to to do their thing and
then I shouldn't be in pain alright
alright the fingers crossed fingers
crossed one last tip please of course of
course gobbledygook says homie geez I'll
keep my name since this is a mature
content stream that's true I think we're
all mature here but hey I might take a
new name for myself and put it on a G
Channel why not give me a clown name
please what's what's that what's an
alternate name for gobbledygook s--
hibbity jibbity hey buddy jibbety can't
can't find anything Oh someone will you
can't find anything wrong with him
Aditya but someone will you know that do
you know that hibbity jibbity is
actually a norwegian term and that's
cultural appropriation there you go
and that's how someone will ruin that oh
we're getting achievements rich oh I
like achievements I like achievements
rich
alright let's um let's do the thing
where MOOC oh wait did you have this
this is way at the end it is connected
but there's a very long list I didn't
know would have stopped I think it I
think it is but now we have to figure
out where it stops usually I just X out
yeah yeah I guess my fault I should have
turned it off and started it back up I
was just dumb
yep I love this town
alright we just did the subs Thank You
hack botton Thank You hack bot for the
subs hope except for now paste bin shows
ads will get but you know what will get
better okay so here are all of the subs
who have subscribed to us during this
stream so let call Selleck Alice Lloyd
beets for 30 fucking months in a row
says anal rickets and rectal crickets
okay I don't want either of those
Euler's number El Pollo Diablo six five
seven says what the fuck Nintendo what
the entire fuck oh oh I like this alpaca
death trip I'll pack a death trap Corey
Farkas says hey this is a game machine
gun funks is groovy gobbledygook 431
fucking months in a row if 13 is unlucky
is 31 good luck or my double fuck's your
fucking fucks ah you're fucked backwards
my friend
my turds are green 27 fucking months in
a row says of course the woman can
answer the telephone first what the hell
is it a reference to the woman can
answer the telephone first I have no
idea okay great
the relay on sixteen months a neurosis
hey Jack what are we going to get a man
where smaller pants
I made a vmat2 video call the man
where's smaller shirts where I started
with like a quadruple XL and went all
the way down to a baby's onesie and you
know what I really liked that video it
would be less fun putting on smaller
well I suppose like trying to get into
him I think one continuous shot oh no
you cut it up but the the the funny
thing about the shirt was me trying to
wiggle into the really small ones and I
feel like there would be less wiggling
into smaller pants you know okay so okay
I think that's oh the woman answering
the phone they're saying it's which one
to switch preference remember that makes
sense for the game yeah do you remember
the game yeah cuz there's a game you
beat me no yes that I like to be girls I
get it I get it that I like to be
jurists Lucas Ducas seventeen months in
a row Captain James made John 1089 17
months a neurosis thanks guys this
stream was a gift goldmine oh sorry
sorry
the brown coat mark to pisac trade xi 25
fucking months a neurosis shave just
like Helldivers these are from my last
string which is you know what fine
you've read them anyway uh cuz shaving
that was another one to switch these are
old we're getting old things from the
sub that pastebin thing
you know why I don't know why we just
can't catch everything's fuck
everything's fucked everything is fuck
I'm just gonna read them just keep
reading
yonder yonder twelve Maud says hell's
fucking yeah bitches Grand Moff Connelly
28 fucking months in a row
cool Trainor away hindi says haha I like
this game it looks fun no see I think
this is new alright alright I have no
idea maybe they're just making one to
switch references maybe cackles 10 the
dude nineteen forty four twenty six
fucking months in a row uncle of Liza's
next year comes early this year
alright
what blazing Beach says you guys are
just adorable thanks for the
entertainment robo phone twelve Showbiz
Pizza Bear thanks for brightening my
evening you hack frauds visceral attacks
on stairs Oh has a poem for rich to read
yep
that's that's a poem for rich to read
this roll there once was a jack and a
wrench
who played this new game when to switch
after answering calls and counting their
balls they finally exclaimed son of a
hey alright so this does seem like last
week's subs but I don't remember reading
that one do we even do want to switch
was a stream before that wasn't it we
didn't choose all the streams we did
once you switch then Zelda then another
Zelda string yes I'm just gonna go
scroll just gonna scroll for a little
bit
here's muck okay oh wait I'm remembering
this from last month last month last
last stream I'm remembering that one
from last stream you missed mine from
like three shows ago how many are there
here here's stream started and here's
the new stream started today okay here's
today's alright listen right we're still
we're still figuring out this whole
thanks subscribers thing apparently
after three years after close to three
years
how about power fantasy says six months
subscribed but I've been with you much
much longer hi guys at route 9k bruiser
Inc says two years ago my wife had twins
she wanted just one more found out
yesterday twins again I wanna die should
you should after the first set of twins
why you why even put it in there again
yeah man I mean really yeah man no
better that's crazy that's great and I
know people who like haven't had twins
but I've had just like boom one right
after the other
and they say it's incredibly difficult
up front but eventually all three of
them reach a good age and then you're
done but it's so difficult up front like
I had two kids relatively reasonable
distances apart kids that's that's
fucked up man two sets of twins mate in
a lot up says five months you hack
frauds heart emoji lol fuck my cock
striker 1 1 2 1 422 fucking months in a
row says almost two years of wasting my
life watching you turkeys play games I
could hardly believe it right it's out
mister shy smile 29 fucking months in a
row
our Miller 19 months a neurosis Jack one
of my wisdom teeth literally broke in
half today ah I feel your pain
oh it sounds terrible months doctor soy
days 23 fucking month says my
showbusiness donkey wrestling you know
that sounds like a great password
macho business donkey recipe I was
hearing something about passwords you
know they for shit you gotta use it
number and three capitals and yeah
somebody who does passwords said it's
actually better not to require like the
weird care the numbers or the spaces of
the capitals but just longer strings of
random words that you will remember sure
rather than a string of weird capital G
X is 9 for to capital X because mentally
it's longer yeah and because it's actual
words it's easier to remember and if
you're trying to hack somebody's
password it takes just as long to figure
that out it because there's a lot of
characters sure I've got like a four
simple easy to remember word password
yeah so actually that would be a good
password don't tell anybody
don't tell anybody you know change it up
a little bit go hippo bottle camera face
ooh Hipple bottle camera face yep I like
it evil lord david says hey guys david
here five months in a row i hope the
time you get this jacks pain is gone
right now it is yes bond I feel I feel
went down you know like you can feel
like the weird thing is if I put my
tongue against that tooth I can feel my
heartbeat I didn't want to think about
it I fucking think about it I can feel
my happy dinner blues six months y'all
y'all John Elway's teeth yeah
sneaky smith sad spambot 88 says whoo
three months glad you guys do this spot
robot
home sound markup 31 fucking months in a
row better yeah no a lab says in Kong
Skull Island there's a jack and a
Packard character ooh incidence I can't
wait to see that that looks fun that
Kong Kim Kang
18 months Jairo Jen 6 MC Lucas 33
fucking months in a row so looking
forward to you streaming nearer a tomato
it looks interesting but there's way too
much other stuff to play at the moment
keep up and that's that's always the
problem
I think FC Lucas was hoping that would
sound like I like yeah a tomato near any
AR yeah near a tomato near a tomato
tomato
I like that I want to play the game near
a tomato
it's just simple I get your character
close to a tomato they've already made
the game yeah pretend dear dr. tallow
says hope you don't get banned for all
of this hot Plunkett on plink at action
anime babies we that's person's name
shag ohad 1897 questionable protip for
13 months in a row my subscription is
officially - oh nope that's you want to
watch The Rocketeer tonight and any
night because The Rocketeer is great yep
question in protip that's a no jokes
made it he made a joke that I didn't
feel like repeating okay proxy clams
Gareth Gareth gyros says Zhuge Zug
favorite customer says what if Plunkett
was a girl okay the off switch for 14
months in a row enjoy my comments about
something that happened on stream three
hours ago
dildo Calrissian observation 9000 wicked
Scottie 69 says hey guys I hope you try
elite dangerous one day it's coming to
ps4 apparently grimace I played a bit I
liked it I just haven't had time to get
it I used so many game so many games
there's so many games it's anything so
many things in so many games screwed
Mick groots I was geeking out just
plotting a course of course to a
different star system though when I did
play it up no cinnamon says another
month of my life aimlessly wasted here
keep up the good work guys hold on for a
second Erin Jim is 15 says it's over I
thought they averaged several hours we
do normally we try to stream for at
least three and a half four hours for is
our average Jack is having tooth pain
cij's having tooth pains it was flaring
up really hat earlier and I'm worried
it's gonna come back so I'm sorry to cut
the stream early sorry well have a meaty
stream at some point in the future we'll
make up for it oh my god yep it averages
out mid averages out yep oh one of
thunder guns super apartment friends
game child you case is seven months ago
I decided to stop being a cheap hack
fraud bastard thanks for all the laughs
Biffle Potamus
33 fuckin months the last Thomas Lauren
the last hummus oh sure but hummus HED e
to the X 26 fucking months and roses why
no Phoenix right why no Phoenix right
yeah why not man it's about time we go
back to that maybe when your tooth is
better oh yeah I can do your juices
better it'll be first on the docket
dookey rampage Stu pocalypse says love
the stream keep it up
low balls 69 69 LOL balls 69 69 perfect
a new favorite that's perfect
Dark Matter 20 fucking months in a row
says it's fucking time and there's only
two more so I'm not even bothered
ice bone badger 31 fucking Mon says
watch some old bo TW the other day
please let Jesse know that she is
awesome thanks we will let her know we
usually just do that in general but yeah
yeah man tequilas says I understand you
disliked JRPG what do you think of a RPG
if you like a RPGs check out path of
Exile it's on Steam for free you fucks
for a more Bo TWA RPG check out Zomba
site fun cheesy a RPG action
what's an a RPG I know what a a RP is
yeah that's fair old people you know I
actually have an AARP card do you yeah
what do you do with it nothing I got
said to be an accident
no something close the stream sometime
what I was saying about how I have an
AARP card what a better fine time I was
waiting for the joke
