Episode 061
Adventures in EVIL!!!
April 12, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89rwyzTjD18
___________________________________________

beware the spook ometer look at this
yeah it's spooky spooky Dookie the plan
is to eventually played near tonight
right that is that is of course the plan
okay
of course the plan is to do that it is
still downloading it is still
downloading okay it's a lot larger of a
game than we were thinking I don't I
don't think we can make a full night of
seizure the game oh my god so so we we
quickly checked okay it stops flashing
now right we quickly checked these steam
new releases monster right in your face
when the light comes back on and and we
found evil which looked right up our
alley and I'll show you why I'll show
you I'll show you exactly why as soon as
the game starts and doesn't load anymore
we were we were looking at the new
releases and this game popped up and
there was something that spoke to me as
a game and I really loved it and so I
made rich I made rich download it
immediately so I could play it because
we got we have like an hour until near
totem automata
that's an iron festival I obsessively
watch everything that has to do with
Marvel film productions the second it's
released oh wait I do I've seen two
episode zero and I don't think I'm ever
going to I don't I don't care enough
yeah it's here here's here's what you
shouldn't have for the first two
episodes clearly should have been cut
down to one episode yeah there is a ton
of filler it's pretty boring the camera
work is really uninteresting I hate
looking at Danny ran because he has this
awful beard and the characters are kind
of dull yeah that being said it's not
the worst thing in the world it's just
not very exciting so far right it took
two full episodes to get to to get him
to use his power once two full episodes
at the very
of the second episode we see his powers
alright
that's too long for a show with pout
here we go Lois look at this rich first
shot when you wake up okay
she's crazy like you look down there
really was someone or was i
hallucinating I go wash my face with
cold water what is that the grammar I go
wash my face with cold water no I do not
need open I do not need open it oh my
god oh my god I don't want to drink
that's good boobies a nurse right there
oh wait is she is she in a bikini bottom
- no maybe those are that's where some
like panties that are like gripping on
ya heart of ice what that is oh yeah
what the fuck is this I feel tingly this
is evil this is like a super spooky game
and when you look down as your character
you got boobies and I love it and I
think it's hilarious like normally in a
first-person game you look down and you
don't see anything right
that was clearly put there just so
people could look down I don't see if we
go excuse me door what's our volume set
up for the game yeah normal I don't know
if there is any audio
should turn it up a little bit and the
dust but there's no there's no audio
there might be some spooky music Jack
there's no we can hear it when you see a
spooky thing I imagine there will be
spooky music okay settings there's no
settings changes in here chittering okay
there's no but there's no music rich oh
okay desktop audio is turned up a bit i
can hear it a bit there's no there's no
there's no sound playing rich do you
understand what I'm saying that there is
no sound playing all right I just looked
over it it looks really low to me
there's no big it looks really low cause
there's nothing you see how there's new
really like that green bouncy line what
were the settings like we was need
enabled enable light need an able light
you want to see the setting yeah what
are our options wonderful
post-processing we have it set to ultra
we can go down a effects
we're on ultra ultra so we're gonna see
a screen resolution I went to 720 just
in case all right you know and enable
full screen mode okay okay so right now
we need to we need to splash cold water
on her face that is our that is our our
mission right now we can't we can't go
in that door because we need to enable
lights you need a naval light we need a
neighborhood we need it all right let's
need a naval light okay so let's see if
there's a naval light over here closed
well that was kind of obvious closed me
was never allowed to enter their boobs
need a naval light
oh wait is this the light yeah what is
onus whoo I found it what is my opinion
on fake boobs like these or like to seal
it something about like silicone or
saline yeah I've never had my hands on a
pair of fake blue I can't I can't tell
you if there are any textural
differences that are detectable and you
know when it comes to boobs does such
things too big not sure totally such a
thing is too big I come here with you
there what say you need a neighbor light
okay
who is that where is that okay sounds
like it's coming from here
hey who's there it was there almost
those grammatical in his father's office
has access to cameras who's his we're
not at his Lois could be a guy who had a
boob job and like it like it was a bet
I've met one guy in Vegas somebody like
offered to pay him like five hundred
thousand dollars if we got a boob job
and he did it yeah for five hundred
thousand maybe his walk around with
boobs for a little bit then you know you
get him taken out obviously can we call
in his father's office
he has camera shoes can't put on some
shoes now okay
oh look at this look at that
can I take that no big creepy of that
slowly started moving towards you can I
take this no you guys still owes
everyone I can't oh that's supposed to
be outside there's no such thing as too
big just to fake some girls have all
natural beach balls what does it matter
of the fake I think that was the
question the question was about fake
boobs yeah yeah no no there is too big
beach balls them natural or not are not
as attractive as something just a little
bit more reasonable as far as your taste
as far as my tastes are concerned yes I
don't like beach balls yeah fake or not
my point
okay hey look and if anybody needs
plastic surgery it's me
they're just talking about what I find
attractive yeah way too big beach balls
way too big I don't care if they're
natural a bike true that I suppose need
a key he must be in one of the rooms
maybe we shouldn't turn the sound down
what the fuck was that that's maybe
maybe we should turn the sound down
did you guys hear that how could they
not hear that we just go back over
Tobias turn that turn that desktop audio
down a little bit honestly that was
because this is a horror game right no
what's gonna happen when you get sudden
loud noises over here all right okay
great it's one of those games
oh yeah it's one of those games on sale
right now look at the pictures of Audrey
Hepburn so weird this is this is the
weirdest part for me it's like somebody
didn't know who Audrey Hepburn was was
just looking for old-timey photos is
that what that is right maybe we need
some old-timey photos like whose photo
is this is that a cat that's a cat can I
do anything with that photo no okay
anyway back on the hunt Ridge back on
the hunt for what we're looking for his
office or his father's office so we can
get a camera he doesn't know where that
is apparently I don't know where that
everywhere the TV was no because nothing
you could do with the TV no there's
nothing I could do with the TV there's a
bathroom that's that looks like an
office but that's not it
this is a house sharor apart this is an
apartment complex house this looks like
a hotel closed me was never allowed to
enter there
oh the hunt for good gameplay how is
this how is this significantly different
from alien isolation you know okay first
of all snap
second of all you know there were some
polish parents room
hmm what is this book
this is satanic symbol what makes this
book here what makes this book here what
makes this book yeah I love it
do do do do do you know there's some
polish to alien isolation oh it looks
nicer yeah this if you're just looking
for straight I do not need open it
that was parents I think this is
supposed to be a house I know that's the
weird thing I wait I'm supposed to wash
my at the beginning of this game the
lady told me to wash my face that I
needed to wash my face are you leaving
right away yeah sure you just talked
about stuff in the back alright I got
that I'll get it I'll get it the I'm
gonna a I'm gonna keep playing spooky
richest guy do some business this is
some spooky shit and look at look at the
boobs right she's in a spooky hotel in
the beginning what sense does that make
you okay
read that tip Mount Everest is a goal
many wants to climb rich I get where
you're saying not every house needs to
be Trump Tower
sometimes a gopher hole size says I'm
alright don't nobody worry about me
boobs
everybody's got different tastes you
know everyone's got different tastes if
you're in the if you're into the big
ones it's great and if you're not it's
great there's someone for everyone
that's the important part there's
someone for her needs enable I oh hey I
know how to do that now I can enable
light what
this is the scariest part of the game
can I shower look at this there's like a
washing machine next to the toilet no
dryer no dryer do you see this this is
crazy I'm gonna show rich that later
we'll come back we'll come back to that
we'll come back to that okay that's
where I came from we were there already
there's there's too dark there's two
duck oh okay
come on needs enable light I'm an abling
light needs an able light okay we did
that already it's camera okay we have to
find his office why is our battery
running low our battery should not be
running well hold hold hold the phone
guys we gotta we gotta be battery spooky
hold on
hey everybody don't lend me I just have
to go over here and plug something in
really quick I'm gonna be really close
to the camera okay I'm back
okay jack is going to jump scare us I
didn't jump scare okay all right back to
the back - oh look at that look at those
boobs hi hi everybody
nice job pausing that shouldn't it
doesn't matter because nothing happened
- fucking right okay we can't go in the
dragon head room we were never allowed
in there we've been in all those rooms
we're looking for an office have I been
in here closed or looking for some sort
of office this looks like an office
that's not it that's where we heard the
noises okay that's a kitchen have you
been in there yeah I've been there
oh yeah that's got a bike in it that's a
very strange room just to have a bike in
it I have we've been up in here need a
key must be in one of the rooms okay
let's see if we can open up the drawers
what what holy cow sirs did you guys see
that
you guys get back
I mean rich is gonna be so upset that he
missed all the spooky things rich is
missing a hundred percent of the
Scoobies spooky things oh my god there
was a ghoul
there was a ghoul in a closet rich yeah
yeah a straight-up ghoul let's see if we
can get another one
no that's just a dress can I put on the
dress no all right
we're looking for a key that's in
someone's room
so did you died no I did not died the
ghoul said Wow and then disappeared he
didn't even say why she said boom you
know like it was like a musical cue can
I get like a knife okay I open any of
this stuff can I do any of this I
disabled oh that's sad it was it was
very sad no the 300th game in prereq
this is no no we MN yeah hi guys did you
know this is the 300th game on prereq
live I plan to put together a little
video to mark the occasion but first I
need to learn how to edit a video see
it's 600 thank you number three number
three hundred we get evil this is great
this is great house house new you're
doing I don't want to take a shower I do
not want to take a shower maybe I do
know how Zelda B OTW going those awful
awful initials I hate that game so much
for taking those initials right
okay coming that's just static why does
it not work well we film something the
way this works is this is gonna come out
you know a month after the game did
that's how it always works the brakes
them's the brakes we got it we got a
video in the can of us talking about
Zelda and I'm editing it now and yeah
okay well we gonna we got to look for a
keycard
oh oh there's something I need to show
you a peerage it's baffling I found a
new room okay
yeah we're now I'm gonna look through
this way because it's a bathroom right
yeah there's a toilet over there's a tub
and shower uh-huh are you ready for it
yeah what the fuck she's a single
standalone washer and no sink and no
dryer and no sink you know what there's
no fucking sink in here that bathtubs
like the size of a mermaid right is that
crazy
can I get in there no it's crazy rich
yes what is that picture going off the
frame Taron turn around wriggling honey
it's like an art all right all right
it's like supposed to be our yeah yeah
all right there's a keycard in someone's
room maybe in my room can I look away
can I go on my laptop no I am NOT
thirsty I do not I do not want to drink
you wash your hands on the toilet you
know if you never use the toilet as a
toilet never ever never ever use it as a
toilet that's fine yeah just water all
right do you what is that the table okay
none of these rooms have a goddamn
keycard you write a fucking mermaid or a
centaur well neither probably be
especially pleasant this or even so even
anywhere to stick anything with a
mermaid fish don't fish to reproduce by
like the lady fish like legs come on
eggs come out and the male fish kind of
swim around the
no physical contact right sorry so if I
got to choose but again like some sharks
bear live Young's and I I really don't
know how that works
waitwhat cloaca yes
what's a cloaca what's a shark like fish
birds fish birds fish and birds it's the
same hole for P pop and sex I'm gonna
find this key card rich it is now
mermaids have mouths that's not sex
that's just a blowjob that's a form of
intimacy I would not say that is sex I'm
not getting involved in this I'm not
gonna get involved in the grade mermaid
sex debatin key card key card if I were
to take a wild guess yeah it's in the
same room as all the spooky shit says
kiddy the chat scrolled up too fast me
to read the name kiddy something this
was the room with the spooky shit and I
opened the closet and there's a spooky
ghoul on there which confirm for
thinking BJ's aren't sex they're sexual
but they aren't sex you're not gonna
have a baby giving a blowjob or else
you're doing it very very wrong right I
mean
and I don't know what room the other
spooky thing happened in could be on the
bike rich don't you think that Zelda Bo
TW could attract new viewers for best of
the best of the worst that you are
looking that are looking for info in the
game and instead find best of the worst
no because there's gonna be so much best
of the worst video and infos that it's
gonna completely drown out and bury best
of the worst you get you can google bo
TW and you're gonna get fifty eight
pages of justice elders elders elders
elder before you run across the first
best of the worst episode agreed and
most people are probably typing zelda bo
TW so unless we find some sort of zelda
video to do a best of the worst of its
it's all mute no can i get any of you
know son of a bourgeois this god damn
key
what were what were me and Jay talking
about what were Jay and myself talking
about how much we hate you people yeah
that's what we usually tell it wasn't
something mundane and business-related
right it was we was horrible deep dark
secrets that nobody else can know about
like we're you know where we were gonna
bury the body or what body yours that
was gonna be a surprise well I guess I'm
I feel glad knowing well does my
favorite Disney cartoon oh yeah that's
pretty good
just Pixar come no one I like how you
take you take my take your which is like
you take my ruling on whether or not
Pixar counts I like that okay this is
the other room where the spooky stuff
happened and I think this games makes me
motion sick or just say I do not need to
open it fuck is this key what the fuck
is this key
oh hey boobs don't forget about boobs
okay hold on for a moment
am I gonna have to look up a walkthrough
right now this is Jack maybe you can
help me yeah
on one hand I'm not sure overwatch is my
kind of game and I don't have that much
money okay
two dollars less now some of those
characters have amazing asses then you
just download like wallpapers
yes characters and sexy poses yeah there
you go the birds one stone you know the
question is is are you into multiplayer
team-based first-person shooters
you know and if you're not sure whether
you'd be into that download for free
Team Fortress 2 and fuck around with
that because you can get that for free
if that if you know that's your type of
game already overwatch has a fine active
community there's a ton of people
playing it right now they're still
updating it and I believe it's really
fun if you are into that type of genre
so for me it's been incredibly worth it
as far as as far as play time but I mean
I get it
you uh you only got so much money to
spend you want to spend it on a game
that you're gonna get some time out of
just remember it's it's an online-only
multiplayer class-based team shooter and
if you are cool with that it's key in
here down there where's Jay
what's Jay doing how was Jay when you
talk to him rich was he good I hope he's
doing good did I take him here oh yeah I
did
someone the chat and has since scrolled
up asked me if I had seen the awful
ah somebody in the chat has lost if I
had seen the awful
Mass Effect Andromeda animations oh yes
yes that that has been quite the love of
the Internet as of late I haven't seen
many of these animations I've seen one
derpy like smile uh-huh I can't say much
on that one thing that this stand out is
how absolutely scrunt the
player-character model is and I realized
why okay it's because they were too lazy
to make different sets of armors and
models and equipment for the male and
female characters so they made the guy
scrawny so they could use the exact same
armor nice okay I made a spoof I made a
spooky thing happened does that mean I
can find my fucking key now yeah
apparently a ton of walking animation is
really janky in crew including one that
makes it look like they're crab walking
oh look what happens if I if I don't
touch it that's just because my MATLAB
bored some some of the like the
lip-syncing makes it look like they're
gonna just all derp just all derp old
Bioware is dead these are entirely new
people and they are owned by EA mmm I
don't know why you would have any hope
for the game
where does where does my sense of humor
come from do I have any comedic
influences I don't I don't have any
influences in the sense that there are
people I am trying to imitate and model
myself after I'll tell you that mm-hmm
that's some weird-ass sideboob okay this
is just what happens if if you're
looking down and you're pressing right
and left they couldn't even they
couldn't even animate this they couldn't
animate the in-betweens that's great
that's great yeah I love George Carlin I
wouldn't say I have pattered myself
after him as a form of imitation or
flattery I mean it's funny I've done my
own thing though when I I'm just a man
with a horribly dark sense of humor you
know that's a part of it sometimes you
just say weird things and you know if
people laugh you say it's funny if
people laugh then you say it's a joke
and it's great what's going on with
these curtains oh you know what did I
touch I do not need to open it what'd I
ever do a Mass Effect 3 review in the
style of the placate videos other people
have already done it that that horse has
been beaten to death so you don't you
don't think you'd have anything new
probably not to brings it strangely
strangely I'll try and find out who has
done some of the good ones and maybe
someday I will link them here oh yeah
that's a good idea that's a good idea
rich I've been in here
oh I found the key I found the key it
was gray shaped on the dark shaped thing
it was a gray key on the aw that's
bullshit I found it okay found it I
found it
let's go boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
Boop I know I love it really bad
box to make a game that people can laugh
at is that maybe was that the thinking
yeah maybe
gobbly gook says so I tried to do a
48-hour sit-down of Mass Effect 3 for
fun and got to the Citadel it reminded
me that the game is Star Wars on
elevator music Starbucks Rogers
corporate trick never again I don't know
a lot about Mass Effect and I don't want
to talk about it okay
I'm sad they're coming out with another
one because I'm gonna have to keep
hearing about it mm-hmm I hope it
quietly bombs and goes away soon excuse
me door tired said says rich as George
Lucas could you please analyze why
Ridley Scott is planning an other alien
film after alien covenant which will be
a prequel to alien covenant and a sequel
to prometheus George Lucas I can't I I
can't give George Lucas that much
insight you know I don't care I've got
four billion dollars from white slavers
but I got four billion dollars and I
just don't give a fuck about you I hate
you actually you people you fans are the
worst people and go to hell take Ridley
Scott and shove them up your ass
momily are gonna be laughing on my bed
which is constructed entirely of $100
bills it's not it's not very comfortable
what's the least interesting place I
visited Milwaukee so that here's the fun
part
like you can't do anything oh there we
go Jesus Christ I go to the kitchen and
drink a pill I go to the kitchen and
drink a pill rich okay okay I go to the
kitchen and drink a pill
well something spooky happened in the
kitchen but again Kyra's just a heads up
before you played near the game director
wears a creepy moon mask all the time
there is controversy with the main
characters but whole it has five main
endings and 21 joke endings
the butthole has five main endings this
is what you're telling me there's
controversy with the main characters but
whole and then a different sentence it
has five main endings okay you know just
see where that might be confusing also
somebody in the chat post something
which is long think it's accidents world
of course I think I got the summary they
were comparing Wolverine to Superman
Wolverine to Superman is a character
that can't get hurt
yeah and narrative Lee what you do is
you haven't worried about the people
around them who can get hurt yes
Wolverine is a character who can't
really get hurt and can they take cues
from like Superman and there's a little
for in storytelling be about keeping
other people from getting hurt the drama
that's the conflict no the Wolverine can
and does get hurt that never means
anything but no no see that's the that
was the the heart of Wolverine I think
that's something that they did very well
in the first x-men movie is he
constantly gets hurt he can heal himself
but the the drama in Wolverine is how he
endures through the pain
okay okay so so it's not necessarily the
same thing yes he you know he's
indestructible no Superman should take
cues from Wolverine somebody's son I got
that wrong no no that scrolled up fast I
didn't get to read at all
Superman's do take usual well then you
need to completely rethink Superman's
character because like I said the the
thing that makes Logan that makes
Wolverine an interesting character a
character that we like to watch and read
is because he's a badass right because
he can oh like he gets shot and there's
blood everywhere and it gets his arm
ripped off but he'll just grow back
because he's so badass that's not what
Superman should be there are two
different characters so so no I can't
get a glass of water to take pill let me
take pill no no the other way around
should Warner Brothers take cues from
Wolverine they should just I mean they
shouldn't take cues from Wolverine they
should take cues from Superman thank you
rich
thank you rich that was a very good way
to put that hey hey do you think do you
think we should take our superhero who's
very totally different than this other
superhero and take take Tom take take
some cues from this other superhero who
thematically has nothing to do with our
superhero yeah no you know what the man
Batman should take cues after the
Powerpuff Girls because you know that's
a popular show on television right yeah
fuck man
that's what Superman should be yes
that's what they should take cues from
are those pills what do I have to do
what do I have to do here guys I don't
know walk around to some screams yeah
yeah
that's what is near downloaded
yeah no you shall god I can see Oh God
all right I can't click on any of these
can click on cams also what did you guys
think of Logan I haven't I haven't seen
it them not us have never been a super
big x-men fan actually I have never read
an x-men comic book really and all my
ears yeah all my years of collecting
comics I've never sat down and read oh
let's check out this x-men thing and you
know I am an x-men fan and I'm even a
Wolverine fan but unfortunately I just
haven't haven't had a chance to get out
and see it yet too many fucking
characters and too much fucking angst oh
the world hates us there's 70 of them
mm-hmm I can't be fucking bothered to
get into the x-men shouldn't like that
gambit character I haven't seen him in
15 years
like I said I'm a eventually see Logan
just because I hear Logan is really good
yes but I'm not I'm not overly concerned
with Wolverine as the the character that
I've loved since forever because I
haven't loved him since forever right
I'm excited to see it I'm excited to see
it I just haven't got out to it
unfortunately which confirmed for prick
come on man it mirrors the civil rights
movement well that's fine at all I don't
know why that makes an interesting
superhero comic book yeah you could
watch a documentary about the civil
rights movement that maybe maybe it's
because I'm a white dude but I can't
really identify with that personally
that doesn't speak to me in the way that
Peter Parker does well you know but it's
to me you know x-men the larger theme
was just outcast you know we've been
outcast and so like a lot like Peter
Parker we're just like people who don't
belong in the real world and you've
never felt you've never felt like that
here's the important thing but a group
of outcasts yeah they shared I'm not a
part of any fucking groups you're not
part of any group rich you're not part
of any group rich kind of friends but I
identify as a comic book nerd and that
is my identity and I will base my
lifestyle around that a group of friends
is this still a group rich and so you
know like growing up I like the x-men
because that's what it was it was like
hey me and my me and my freak friends I
have we got a place in the world there
was nice it was nice everyone could just
leave me the fuck alone too late too bad
too bad rich
I'm fuckin I'm a fuckin hermit by nature
I really am yeah yeah yeah I think I
would be too if it weren't for the the
people around me I think I would be a
hermit naturally you can tell I'm a
hermit because my group of friends has
not expanded very much that's true I
went to the kitchen could someone look
up a walkthrough and just tell me where
to go
cuz I'm lost I can't I can't take a pill
in the kitchen this bathroom doesn't
have a sink either they they they
thought enough to put a toilet bowl
brush in the bathroom but not a sink but
not a sink
that's about the person who made this
game maybe hey if you do you know why
you know what it is don't shake the hand
of the person who made this game no one
that wherever they got their assets to
make this game they didn't make these
textures yeah models themselves they
just didn't have a sink model and
texture sure we got access to this other
stuff but they did not have a sink and
then plug in in the Unreal Engine stock
texture pack there was no sink yeah sure
sure what is happening last
my character said that they needed to
she needed to go to the kitchen and take
a pill and so I'm in the kitchen and I
can't grab cups and I can't grab
whatever those things are and I'm not
hungry and the microwave is disabled and
I can't open a drawer and I can't do
anything at the sink here and I can't
use the spoons and if I go to the oven
to put my fucking head in it it says not
interesting and if I go to the
refrigerator way over here this is
really poor fridge placement by the way
way on the other side of the fucking
kitchen I say I'm not hungry so I don't
know what to do I'm gonna turn off the
lights I can't turn off the lights can I
close the door
watch Logan before the Beauty and the
Beast movie which I wouldn't worry about
it I have absolutely no interest in a
live-action Beauty and the Beast movie
saying what's the fucking point we had
animated one what's the fucking point
right like I'm a fan of the animated
Beauty and the Beast and I don't give
two fucks about seeing the the
live-action movie does the irony of a
live version of previously recorded
weigh heavily on your soul now that was
that was the joke welcome to the joke
intentional that was most of the reason
why we decided to name the show
previously recorded was so that we could
get in the joke of when we livestream it
will be previously recorded live that is
a big part of the joke actually
originally no it was good they
originally we're gonna call it live
previously recorded is that it so then
the stream was we're gonna be live
previously recorded live that was
actually the original call alive I
wanted to do that was my idea that we
had previously recorded because I wanted
to call it live you just wanna go Hawaii
asleep recording haha I don't remember
yeah that's funny what do you do no cup
or pill Zets
yeah playing Zelda yeah we played Zelda
yes review soon yes stream right now
playing horizon we streamed solo like
twice yeah it's obvious we've played it
I have beaten it I have defeated
calamity Ganon Sean says Sean I thought
there already was a version of Superman
that acted like a Wolverine called Lobo
this is true is that I don't know
anything about Lobo kind of like
apparently Wolverine only would
Superman's powers okay well then there
you go lot more homicidal
then then Logan Logan is pretty high
cycle
can be a flat-out villain oh okay okay
sure
well Wolverines started out as a villain
today his first appearance was in well
technically his first appearance was in
a Hulk comic but what's the villain or
somebody who was fighting the home he
was someone who's fighting the Hulk
why was he fighting the Hulk us the
question was well maybe not a villain a
villain to the Hulk
yeah yeah you know he wanted to take
down the whole antagonist he was an
antagonist yeah maybe not a villain I'm
just gonna walk backwards take a look at
them gams how awful those are okay
Jesse's fine it's just not a camera Jack
LaLanne says good job guys can you give
a quick top-five of your military
strategists thank you for the quality
streaming choose time 5 what military
strategist King Leonidas is up there
if I fucking kick a lot of Persian ass
and he did it with a handful of soldiers
- oh sure the 300 King Leonidas might be
number one
yeah well Alexander the great right yeah
yeah
he yeah that yeah he always wanted he
never lost a battle that was his deal
they say in a battle you lose the most
soldiers during a retreat and that's why
that's why King Alexander didn't lose
that many soldiers cuz he always won
that fucker always knew I was Evan
leonidas lost rich that's not that's not
the point actually he won their goal was
to slow them down which successful
beyond his wildest dreams didn't you see
the movie they made a whole movie in the
movie just you know real life here's the
upsetting part is when I'm in this
screen I can't go to the menu like I can
just look at the different cameras can I
take a picture robert e lee was a badass
yeah but i have no respect for him
because he fought to keep people in
Chains if fuck robert e lee fuck him you
know what fuck him
George Washington was he a good general
no strategy was just to keep running
away yeah but he won it worked didn't
know wasn't he the one that came up with
the strategy of not standing in a line
and shoot at each other wasn't wasn't he
okay like normally in a war we all stand
in the line and we shoot at each other
and then we all reload and then we stay
in the same line and shoot each other
what if we didn't stand in a line wasn't
that George Washington who's like let's
like hide in trees and shit uh-huh and
you know I'm not sure I believe that was
George Washington I'm sure
speaking of military strategists I'm on
Episode three now of countdown to
Armageddon that a hardcore history
podcast all about like the start of
World War one thank you again whoever
recommended that to me that is one of
the greatest listens ever just as man
telling a story about how World War one
got started and that the constant theme
is how no one was prepared for how
devastating modern war machines would be
losing tens of thousands of men a day
just and no one had any idea they use
like the French soldiers were going into
battle wearing caps not helmets not
helmets and it's mushy there's machine
gunfire they weren't expecting machine
gunfire death death surrounded all of us
the real van thank you I've been having
such a great I was I was doing a lot of
housework this weekend and just
listening to the hardcore history
countdown to Armageddon podcast and it's
so fucking good so fucking good I was
gonna check it out streams by the time I
get home I've forgotten all ya know and
you know the the most interesting part
to me was the the entire first podcast
like three hours just in and all that
got us up to was like the first day of
the war I know you said this when you
started talking about it but somebody in
the chat is asking what is the name of
this podcast it is called the hard core
history podcast and if you go to episode
49 or 50 I forget what it is it's called
countdown to Armageddon hardcore history
and if they're free available on his
website and on iTunes pot the podcast is
countdown to Armageddon the podcast name
is hardcore history and it's all about
world war one why it got started who the
main players were and the utter
devastation because no one was prepared
for modern machinery in war it was it's
fantastic fan flippin tastic was a
problem with a civil war what technology
and I would strip their old techniques
their standing a lion and shoot at each
other was wasn't a good idea anymore yep
darn senses Joe men get elo I'm sure I'd
mangled that is unsure he will be
playing Deathstroke in the Batman solo
film aren't you guys excited that the DC
films are in such good hands right you
know what I heard about the Batman movie
that's probably not gonna get made yeah
they're ripping off Arkham Asylum oh
yeah like diet it's like it's gonna be
like dining out it's gonna be Batman in
prison ripping off the Arkham games you
could do worse Batman might actually
have to do some Batman stuff in a movie
like that so that would be great
that would be fantastic no and I was
just I was reading some sort of thing on
the flash movie about how like no one in
DC none of the actors none of the
writers have talked about that movie in
months and I have heard it's on hold
because they're they're waiting for the
whole thing to crash and burn now yeah I
got a waste of time of course the whole
thing crashes in burn
kurz have their pants down halfway
through a flash movie in a universe
that's already dead sorry Jen says hi
what hiya meet Zelda and now just slowly
getting all the shrines in gear great
game as a whole disappointing ending did
you have a fav
if you did any I guess mine would be
building up my town uh that game is big
enough I don't think I'm even close to
having done all of the side quests I
would say I very much enjoy the game I
very much enjoy you will hear us talk
more about it and you know what there's
enough to that game I'm afraid our
conversation isn't going to do it
justice that's my major fear about our
conversation about the game is we just
we just forgot to talk about things
because there's so many things to talk
about
yeah yeah yeah and I'm editing now so
we'll find we'll find out shortly can I
go to bed no like I'm supplier kitchen
stool please I spent a lot of time what
I'm doing in in Zelda Bo TW now is
securing supply lines like I'm using I'm
using those pins and if I I know we're a
good weapon spawns in the next Blood
Moon I put a little sword there you know
mm-hmm oh here's a here's a good spot
where I can get heavy durians make some
good food out of that but put a little
leaf pin there I'm figuring out where
all this stuff is I've picked up a
kitchen stool rich okay Jack you can
pick up the stool in the kitchen and do
what with it what can I do with it now
can I reach this thing can I put it down
now what do I do with it I think really
I just I like exploring then that's the
one thing they had to do right yeah was
that cleavage oh yeah by the way if you
weren't here at the beginning of the
game you look down this is the reason
why I wanted to play this while we were
waiting for Nero Toma mama and look at
this look at this hey Jack
wandering around aimlessly that's a good
trick yeah I've been doing that top
shelf pills you can pick up the stool in
the kitchen to reach the pills in the
top show oh yeah good they are up there
okay so can I put the stool how do I put
this tool down your paws make sure nears
now pause that bar has not moved much we
all have it how do i how do i how do i
okay I have this tool how do I get them
how do I get the pills hold on let's
double check is set to still download
while we were while we are playing a
game yes make sure this is still
downloading it is still downloading well
their steam settings as far as
downloading while playing a game
obviously it is still downloading
because if we did minimize the game huh
we did minimize the game though but
remember before it was at an hour that's
at 22 minutes all right we're gonna
we're gonna get get our money's worth
out of artificially inflated game size
to prevent piracy and its pain and
everyone's fucking ass we're gonna get
to a point where you only fit three
games in your hard drive when I read the
hint I actually mentioned literally
using this tool in your hand to reach
out for the pills rather than put it the
stand down yeah but I cannot put it down
try different bums
I'm trying every but too close you
probably too close to the counter
remember this is surely designed right
sure walk a decent ways away can you put
it down now no start smashing all of the
keys I'm smashing all of the keys
how do I put it down how do I put it
down how do I put it down
just stare at your boobs for 22 more
minutes boobs
blue Altaf for I know that trick how do
I put it down brothers just go the James
Bond route and say fuck continuity no
because they're trying to ape the Marvel
films which are doing a shitload of
money it's that's the most shocking
thing that's how also thinking I'm gonna
get you to care about an Aquaman movie
see that's the real fucked-up part about
WB is they were clearly trying to ape
the success of the Marvel franchise yet
they did not go about it in the way that
Marvel went about it right well they
wanted to go right there right there was
no slow build-up I just oh God
oh my god what happened just doing his
home clicking the mouse button randomly
and moving around okay all right did I
get him did I get the pills whoa oh can
you jump on the counter Oh tired sad
says isn't a DC shared cinematic
universe and a Justice League film
inherently flawed since Batman lives in
a world that isn't compatible with
Superman Aquaman and Wonder Woman Batman
wouldn't but he does in the comics no
and you know oh oh look you can just
jump right up on the counter you don't
need you know you don't need shit in a
world where Batman faces down
super-powered villains why shouldn't
anybody give a fuck when to face shows
up with his gang yeah like like you
remember the Marvel DC crossover years
back Batman punched out the scorpion did
he yeah
scorpion is stronger than spider-man
Batman just punches him in the nose one
punch why the fuck should I give a shit
when the penguin is robbing a bank right
you dastardly you dastardly mob boss
penguin you you have Batman beating up
super-powered villains and you just
invalidate Batman's entire fucking
rogues gallery good work
water is in my room okay okay water is
in my room I got the pills now yeah well
but you know what there could be some
fun in there you can you can get one fun
movie if Batman's used to fighting
gangsters and maybe maybe is a little
cocky about it and then gets in over his
head
right and Superman is is is mr. black
and white mr. right and wrong and maybe
he has to deal with a villain who is
little gray right that's Batman's
territory so like you could get these
these just disparate and different
heroes together and make something fun
out of it the proud the the problem
right now with the WB Cinematic Universe
oh look
Oh parent apparently that was a losing
move the problem with the DC Cinematic
Universe is Batman and Superman are
essentially the same character in Batman
vs Superman uh-huh and so there's no
there's no harmony right they're not
playing off of each other like they
should big v66 91 says the house looks
like a Sim three house but the player
run out of money so she couldn't buy
sinks a dryer decorations or proper
clothes 10 of 10 mochi b85 says rich hi
rich I'm listening to the pirate history
podcast I wasn't prepared for that level
of history it's fascinating
uncharted game story is like a Cliff's
Notes version of the podcast but cost a
hundred bucks higher history's good I
gotta check out hardcore history novel
history I'm telling you just it's just
this world war one wonder like like I
said I kept talking about how I think
World War 1 is a more interesting
setting you know world war 2 obviously
gets chosen off for stories because the
villain is so easy but world war 1 the
reason world war 1 got started is
basically just because Germany wanted to
whip their dick around yeah there were
new country they're like hey we need
some respect whip whip whip and that's
it right and and so like their any of
the people who got involved in war like
did so for greyish reasons and there's
not a clear-cut reason the setting isn't
the setting is what's not stupid like
like I said tanks versus a battalion of
horses because they were not they were
not prepared for modern warfare say I
think I think of trench warfare and
that's that's kind of dull
depressing yeah we're Ferriss depressing
that not like that blitz oh it is it is
World War two had the Blitz and giant
fucking bombs that's what old words Oh
God
all right okay everyone cover it that's
our history episode jeff has there ever
been a good World War one movie if
that's what you got out of the heart I'm
oversimplifying why World War one
started by the way we know what I
remember is it closes a clusterfuck of
treaties is what it was well sounds like
those wine we have gonna love it we got
a war that was sure but you know the the
instigator was was Serbia and
austria-hungary and then yes then the
clusterfuck of treaties but I want to
say that the real instigator was Germany
Germany Germany is the one that went on
the offensive hey everyone cover your
ears real quick
sorry ah I'm trying to figure out how to
get past this uh ghost lady Sri Chen
says looking forward to the episode yeah
it's really huge I still have many more
side quests - I know ejected but have
you done the main story part she had to
or still mostly exploring loved the
castle I have I have not begun yet I
wanna I want to I want to do like all
those things but I want again it's gonna
be the last thing I do yeah near is not
done downloading yet basically Germany
had pre-planned to take on Russia and
France at the same time the war started
yeah and then France had this old treaty
with England where England needed to
help out but the real thing that
happened was it it was the Dutch I wanna
say was the Dutch and Germany had to go
through
where did they have to go through they
had to go through her country in order
to get to France on time and they were
like we will go through this country and
and the Dutch will get will just you
know let us go through the country no
problem and the Dutch said fuck you the
Dutch Belgians the Belgians oh I was so
close the Dutch we're the Dutch the
Belgians the Dutch of the Dutch okay
Belgium so yeah they had to go there to
go through the Belgians to get to France
and they they they thought that the
Belgians were gonna let him through and
they got stopped and fucked up all their
plans but then other countries fucked up
their own plans it was great it's a
great podcast you guys know me I don't
really remember things or places or
people or numbers so just be happy I get
to remember as much as I do that's what
I am I'm happy if I can remember
anything
so it's called the hardcore history
podcast but I assume the host isn't like
extreme and then France was gonna kick
everyone's ass like it's normal
no and by the way he has a great
speaking voice okay his his cadence and
he has this like this like small rasp to
his voice so he it's almost like it's an
NPR podcast it's gorgeous
that name I expect somebody saying that
England was totally set to kick
Germany's ass and then England said were
there Germany France there are Bros
you're not gonna go up on our brows then
Stalin said fuck that noise I'm gonna
wreck Hitler shit and everyone's like
Russia's not gonna get to the front we
got time to take out France first but
you know what Russia was early that day
burn our own cities with us fucking
German starved to death and Stalin said
cuz Germans couldn't handle the badass
no no it's I think it's called just
hardcore but he spends a lot of time
because of the time he spends on
personal stories and the buildup you
know it's it's not just giving the the
names and the dates he kind of he goes
very in-depth with the the build-up and
so I think that's why it's called hard
also it's just a good name hardcore
history it's a good name it's an office
I have to get up to my room because I
need to take a pill and the bottle of
water is in my room don't pay any
attention to the fact that there's a
sink in the kitchen I can't use that so
there is a bottle of water in my room
but there's the ghost lady and she's
still there so there's that ghost lady
there right yeah house you're done nears
so then if I get too close to the ghost
lady we hear the awful man on the way
around or something or stop playing the
shitty game is the proper
we are playing this game until near is
done downloading like camera
oh yeah cameras that's right today's
hardcore histories about Audie Murphy
who's like the CrossFit of soldiers
what's he got on top of a burning tank
and mowed down like a hundred Germans
the CrossFit of soldiers right so that's
great
Audie Murphy what's the cross for the
soldiers that that thing of him jumping
out of burning tank and going down like
under Germans yeah that's actually a
true story
nice the tank was disabled but the gun
wasn't
use the iron fist jack fist that ghost
good um I I think the thing with iron
fist in me just to go back to iron fists
for a second is like it's very boring
it's in fact so boring I should be three
episodes in but I had to rewatch the
second episode because I'm watching it
with my wife and she fell asleep halfway
through that is no joke
literally fell asleep that's how boring
iron fist is why do I do this because
someone said go to the cameras and I
thought that was a good idea and so I'm
here at the cameras waiting for the
ghost to move so I can go but the ghost
isn't doing anything you sure that's the
only way through as far as I know yes
you have to close my door it's fine rich
it's fine I I didn't I didn't think that
it would take an hour and a half to
finish downloading go to the bedroom at
the bottom of the stairs and hide in the
closet that's what I'm supposed to do
that's that's what I'm supposed to do so
in any case iron fist it's very boring
but I think I'm inoculated against
boredom because of best of the worst
okay well we can't go in that closet
walk backwards so you don't actually see
her oh okay okay that's a fair idea I
like it
I'm sure that was the right closet I'm
looking I'm checking the other rooms
okay there's a bathroom all right well
let's try we're there we're gonna try
this hell walk backwards thing okay
everyone cover your ears just in case
well that didn't work
all right
here's a closet find phone call
ghostbusters
ooh but paying a tenant cent a minute
Anna
Santana scooter booty booty when
accepting food it's gonna burn a boo she
could have been a bow Scooby it's gonna
be too flat we dub Squad oops Squidoo
boop bop sweet we do puii doop OH
but hey you're right this room is open
now I often hid in the closet when we
played hide-and-seek with sister so this
room wasn't open before
Oh God
I can't open the closet door I can't
open the closet door I can't open the
closet door I can't open the closet door
I can't open the closet door do I have
to close this door - I can't I can't I
can't open the closet door door in front
of ya where I'm at the door in front of
stairs and now I can't open the fucking
closet door I did not bring my switch
because Sorry Sorry Sorry
we've already done two Zelda streams I
thought three would be overkill plant
was nearer but nears taking a lot longer
to download then yeah we used to
download games a lot quicker the games
are getting a lot bigger and I think
it's just to prevent piracy it's
probably it's probably like 40 gigs of
garbage data you think and like 15 of
real data no or deliberately uncompress
like video share somewhere in there that
would make more sense
Oh 40k video 10 minutes of 40k video or
an hour whatever closed the drawer down
downtown downtown
nope downtown downtown oh no I know I'm
just thinking maybe I could step on the
drawer and like hide in here or the
purses can you jump no how would that
prevent piracy when you're pirating that
that's simply that's typically slower
than steam where you're getting it
directly from a source when you're
pirating a torrent
freaking hundred gigabyte download might
take you days some people probably just
won't bother they would be
like fucking I'm gonna buy the game you
think I think that's the thinking it
wouldn't stop piracy but it would it
would it would make it a hassle
Hans Gophers alright so wrong well yeah
no I don't think that would stop anyone
I even think if it was slightly slower
wouldn't stop anyone okay
did I need to do that first the tart
probably would be more efficiently
compressed tarts especially the popular
ones are really fast this does you how
often I pirate okay good on you rich
good on you look my walking animations
broken I'm not pressing any buttons
maybe having trouble with the closet it
won't open up because you're in our
walking animation try reloading the game
Dianne's try that again my moonwalk
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo what
I got in somehow really I did I would
just by randomly clicking yeah that's
slowly not creepily
she was in the closet with me that's got
a neat read seriously what is the reason
behind not downloading ahead of time
because I spent hours this afternoon
working on some set things for future
projects of our LMS and I was too busy
to fuck around with downloading things
especially when our pretty pretty decent
internet here I I figured an action game
it's probably not gonna be huge
and we get downloaded quick we made it
jackets here at 5:30 we'll start
downloading now give it about an hour
probably about an hour yeah I'm sorry
MIT at 6:30 it didn't work out it took
it took you long it took longer than we
thought and I'm sorry I spent my
afternoon working to give you people
future free entertainment I'm not I'm
not look at this hey everyone look at
these poops
oh wait let's do 2,000 it's an amazing
story you need to experience here I know
what if I can't aim with a mouse I'm not
gonna wrestle with a controller I enjoy
everything else about that game but I'm
not I'm not hitting small fast-moving
targets with an arrow while using a
controller that's not gonna happen and
here's what I'd say I I did beat the
main story of Zelda but ah-ha
see see that I did Stevens finished
downloading you're on another hold on
let me grab my water real quick and then
now let me finish my horizon zero dawn
I just wanted to finish the get the
water quest hey quick game great Wow
so first thing we're gonna do here we're
gonna just gonna head over to the
library we're gonna go to evil and we're
gonna click that old uninstall button
there we go that's a great button rich
anything that's a great button I think
there's a great button please please
play nearer with a controller look if
there is a game where you're not doing a
lot of aiming I'm fine with the control
I don't hate controllers on principle
right I hate them for aiming at shit
right all right I'll play the Arkham
games of the controller I think it's
comfortable and fine I will not play
Doom with a controller
I avoid sure's where I need to use a
controller the only time it's ever been
fun like the one weird and major
exception to this yes vanquish and
you'll notice when I play that I abuse
the fuck out of the time slowdown
ability abuse the living fuck out of him
because I'm aiming with a controller
right and this is made by the same
people right yeah did I spell near right
we're gonna find out in a second okay
and ie R and ier I did great great bit a
bit a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit
about it gave me one moment everybody
we're gonna just get everything
everything set up all nice and all nice
and nice over here it is 8:15 already we
played that game for way too long way
too long why didn't anyone say anything
you could have stopped us rich on Mass
Effect Andromeda don't hold your breath
beep-beep-beep-beep beep-beep-beep-beep
beep-beep-beep-beep bird okay great
update updated okay you know what here's
what we're gonna do rich we're gonna
take a little break I'm gonna get some
water
sure and we're gonna come back and we're
gonna play near automata sure great you
say break actually we're gonna run an ad
we're gonna take a break I'm gonna turn
the camera off I got to get something
started over here over there that you
guys can't see but don't worry it's
gonna be great bang off these three tips
first term plus you know sure let's take
care of the 30 tips I'm sad says is the
x-men universe the closest to a middle
ground between Marvel's bland sameness
and DC's overall shittiness Knox has
taken some narrative risks risks risks
with Logan and Deadpool those can't be
as the answer is no because those are
specific filmmakers making choices and
remember a Deadpool Fox didn't want to
make if you remember way back in the day
Fox was about to pull the plug on
Deadpool and then Ryan Reynolds leaked
that footage that got people excited
they're technically in the same universe
they don't really need to be right
that's the other thing the x-men movies
are not good there's there's maybe one
and a half good movies in there so no
all right Lucas says near more like far
away yep yep thanks for streaming this
schlock but please stop yeah we're done
sorry also are you glad that on dromeda
is becoming a joke it's fun to watch the
shit show beats playing it so much
schadenfreude out so much shiny Friday
the answer is yes tomato Ned says which
movie is best of the worse Star Wars
Episode one two or three you have to
choose one that's the best of the worst
yeah
like like if so if we were well if we
were watching them on best of the worst
it's you like for me I always choose
which is most entertaining no matter
what even if we're making fun of it the
whole time which can you make fun of the
most the problem is they're not
entertaining bad they're boring bad
episode two I swear to God the only
reason the one and only reason I did not
get up and walk out of the theater
mm-hmm was that a friend had gotten me
in to see it for free and it would have
been extremely rude but I so badly
wanted to get up and leave and see if if
I were going to choose one to make fun
of the most it would be to to is a
cluster it's a cluster clusterfuck of
boring it's a lot of boring but I feel
like that's the one that we could get
the most jokes out never never before
has a movie with so much visual noise
been so dull to watch it's an
achievement like you might to work yeah
to make a movie that is that much just
visual shit going on doll mm-hmm I agree
with you but I'm saying out of the three
I feel Hayden Christian alone his
performance we could have gotten mileage
out of that weird love situation there
that's so that's what I would choose for
best of the worst hmm maybe Episode one
with bad kid acting but it's hard
alright we're gonna be back yeah taking
a little break here that area and mute
