Episode 064
Best of the Wild (part 2)
April 15, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIScIGwEPQU
___________________________________________

was but shit I'm not gonna be able to
get there
am i yeah you'll be able to get there
maybe you got that yellow bar - hey
before the wind I might be too low very
fine
I'm just gonna dodge those fuckers -
that's great oh it's a whole thing
that's great whole fucking thing but
hip-hop is bad music yeah I know that
you know as it is I really enjoy hip-hop
rich is an asshole that's all because I
don't like hick hip-hop music you you're
an asshole because you have confined
what hip-hop is to a couple of songs
that you've heard and and and if I
remember correctly in your head hip-hop
is bad because they take other people's
music and and pervert it but that is a
very small percentage of what hey all
right all right I don't really want to
get into the hip-hop discussion so I
enjoy progressive rock - I enjoy a lot
of different kinds of kinds of music
where's my end point huh where's my end
point what are we looking for
I could tell you cuz I've gone through
this already but I'm not gonna ain't
gonna tell you shit define me know
I like oh sweet what what are those
things is in here oh there's a lot of
stuff in here man
there's a lot of stuff in here let's see
here anonymous says considering all the
copyright hubbub Lulu going on
throughout YouTube what copyright
problems has rlm faced if any I will not
privy on the details we've had some yeah
some of the click 'add reviews Oh needed
some considering of course the you know
one of the biggest problems is is the
auto flagging is the robots finding
their music that's that's what really
gets you because then you can't even get
the video up as far as rich and I are
concerned we've had a ton of stuff
flagged and usually I'll just let it be
like you know a lot of the streams will
say hey this had like the WWE stream
says hey that has copy written stuff in
it you can't monetize it but WWE can
monetize it and they can choose what
country I can view the video and that's
a pain in the ass there's been a few
that I've disputed for example
oh you forgot about you oh yeah I think
the fallout stream is only available in
certain countries as well that's great
one one specific example was one of our
rocket League streams got flagged he's
actively trying not to Angus
how he sees you
one of our rocket rocket league streams
was flagged for me nice oh I didn't even
know you could do that nice rich sorry
this is a good fight take a picture of
him oh it's a little lame when he
forgets about you so in any case one of
the the rocket leagues got claimed for
its music and I thought to myself that's
really strange like rocket League is
streamed everywhere why did it get
claimed for one of the music for one of
the pieces of music so I looked into it
and rocket League gives explicit
permission to monetize any game footage
and in-game music as long as it's part
of the gameplay like you can't just
upload the song to youtube but if the
song plays during gameplay you are free
to monetize that and just some asshole
was trying to get away with it so they
take any heat signature is that what it
was doing
no shooting it was shooting this
it wasn't shooting it be yeah but it
would shoot that all the time can you
distract them with fire I don't know
it's raining now so it'd be if I'm
behind to tell
you're not going anywhere
look nope nice job rich thank you
I get nice job so I had to go through a
claim process with the rocket League
video saying hey I have permission all
the music is part of the gameplay this
guys be this person whoever claimed the
copyright against this as being an
asshole
and they probably just do that to a
million uploads of rocket League hoping
that no one disputes the claim and tries
to nickel-and-dime people out of money I
think that was shit all right so we
gotta figure out what we need to do I've
done this before so I can't help you
yeah I know I'm not asking for help oh
sure I'm just I'm just saying I'm just
letting you know that's
hey icky oh I'm down to 16 arrows that's
bad oh thanks Lloyd I will I will look
at the little nightmarish trailer thank
you like sorry Jen says I can't wait
till you do the Tarrytown building
sidequest
rich it's easily my favorite only tip I
can say is remember everyone whose name
I just was son I started already I know
you were telling me about that what
sounds crazy but build your own town
yeah crazy
yeah and YouTube YouTube's copyright
system is you know it's not perfect it's
it's just not perfect and I know they're
in a whole heap of Hubble balloon now
because of their new like restricted
rules have you been hearing about this
now they're they're trying to make
parental controls a little easier to
understand which from a business
standpoint makes a whole lot of sense
but apparently it unintentionally
blocked a bunch of videos that were not
adults content but just created by gay
or lesbian creators really that had
nothing to do with adult content but was
just maybe discussing something gay well
that's gay that's right and so light and
YouTube is like yeah we're trying to
tweak the system but of course like a
bunch of people are freaking out as they
kind of should because it's like hey
this seems to be you know unilaterally
discriminating against us and it's just
not you know it's not a perfect system
but once again as someone who was making
videos before YouTube the the platform
is so much better than anything we had
before and I I really wish that there
was a real competitor out there
I wish they were that would be nice
someone to make YouTube work a little
bit harder at making it the best
platformer ever but unfortunately
there's just no competition so it's not
a perfect system should be YouTube's
tagline absolutely it's but oh man the
the old days the pre YouTube days were
so fucked so one day maybe one day we'll
get it we'll get a decent competitor was
in vivo a competitor no vivo is is a
part of YouTube I'm not thinking about V
mo let's make yeah like I use Vimeo for
business stuff Vimeo is a great high
quality platform just no one's on it
hello
you mean the 160 by 100 real players
skate video days yeah
oh I remember shit like that I remember
like uploading your own real player to
your you know Apple owned website and
being super excited that you can get a
30-second video on that great
I don't think that did anything right
I'll be honest with ya I was totally
worth a shot oh of course what that oh
you're gonna get below I know right up
rich
- to be quite honest the site that has
the most potential to be an actual
youtube competitor is twitch twitch is
doing some some great things and they I
think that they're gonna be the ones
that really give YouTube a run for its
money
dick damage dick damage I mean do you
need to fight them
what's in that corner or some in that
corner shit well man shit is another
man's treasure jack twitch has terrible
UI but if they fix that they're gold you
know I think I think so like they
they're working on an upload feature
they're working on broadening what
people can oh my I'm a dumbass what why
am I such an dumbass why what have we
been doing there
oh now we just can't see you
thunderstorm rod too rich they still
sang twitch will make YouTube twitch i'm
what i'm saying is twitch is you know
twitch has got the whole live thing down
pack down pat they have amazon money now
as far as spending because you need
money in order to grow the platform so
they got amazon money and they're
working on uploading shit we're getting
uh we're getting we're getting to maybe
something that could be a real
competitor to youtube all right so I
still don't know what I'm looking for
you're looking to not get blown up by
that thing okay oh that's a hint I'll
give you so it's a lousy hint how come I
can't watch broadcasts on my phone I
don't know you should be able to we are
broadcasting twitch has the advantage of
not being viable by Google right right
twitch has got that sweet sweet Amazon
money and they're doing some fun stuff
you know like new Power Rangers movies
coming out twitch says hey let's stream
all episodes of Power Rangers before the
movie comes up live stream marathon
that's fun they did the same thing with
Samurai Jack they're doing some fun
stuff if they can get this if they can
get the user interface to something that
people understand then we got the and we
got the makings at the makings or
something
all right where do those flying ones go
do they just it just vanished Jack um I
that might be a draw distance thing I
believe that the flying ones only patrol
the top of the maze to make sure that
you can't just climb to the top and
bypass all right all right system that's
what I got from it I don't know if
that's true though I'll be honest with
you they did not make a samurai tech
movie before the new season of Samurai
Jack started twitch live-streamed is it
a movie or a season or a miniseries
Woody's it's a new season kind of sorry
if I misspoke how many episodes I have
no idea I have no idea
are we talking about something that's
functionally a miniseries I don't know
okay I believe it's a full series or a
full season so more than 15 episodes I
would assume but I do not know I feel
like we will always hit the same
problems though video services start
getting big enough it will start getting
attention from RIAA MPAA etc and they
will have to implement same automated
copyright protection tech that YouTube
does maybe that's that's where
competition starts coming into play so
like right now the thing that YouTube is
worried about is most of their money
comes from those advertising dollars and
so YouTube is trying to desperately
protect its advertisers and its
advertisers our movie companies who run
their trailers on YouTube and television
companies who run their shows on YouTube
for ads so YouTube is in the corner of
its advertisers came from I think and it
doesn't have to worry about users
because users are infinitely disposable
and replaceable
yes yeah it's true it's incredibly true
so what if though their creators had
somewhere else to go and create if if
YouTube isn't the only platform for
creators and all of their creators start
going somewhere else then YouTube will
have to start looking at its policies
and instead of just protecting
advertisers it will have to do something
for its creators to entice the creative
community back to YouTube or to stay to
YouTube so that's that's where the
competition is needed is to is once once
creators have a different place to go
that's when YouTube can start to sweat
and that's when we can start dealing
with this stuff like fair use and and
the legal use of someone else's footage
I know we're deal is someone that some
big youtuber who's who I've never heard
of is dealing with an important
copyright wait were you going
I couldn't can I climb huh can you climb
oh I just assumed the walls would be
unclimbed well you can climb everything
in Zelda rich that's the give when I'm a
dungeons usually doesn't guess this
isn't wait I wanna there was a black
crane I wanna see what's behind that
first Jack you're a bright ass dude I
you I um I'm pale yes Wow
oh my god
that's just more more minutes more maze
I'm gonna get lost in lose for that and
now I know I think I already did
you can climb on anything and it's it's
actually upsetting to me that you didn't
even think you could climb these walls
cuz you know you can climb anything in
this game
yeah but that won't happen unless
YouTube does something radically stupid
content creators are just as tired or
just as tied to YouTube as YouTube is to
them but YouTube has the upper hand in
every negotiation with the content
creators exactly YouTube has the upper
hand because we're replaceable but as
soon as YouTube is replaceable so like
for example let's say let's say that
twitch makes their user interface a lot
easier people can migrate over to twitch
people start using twitch more for
uploaded videos instead of just live
streaming content creators can then earn
revenue over here instead of going to
YouTube that gives the creator's a
slight upper hand that gives the Creator
option so then the Creator is no longer
tied to that YouTube ad money they have
a different place they can go to for ad
money and twitch also has stuff like
like like tips like stream tip alerter
like their their bits things where
content creators have another another
opportunity for revenue instead of just
being reliant on ads that's why that's
why stuff like patreon is so incredibly
important to content creators where they
no longer have to worry about ad revenue
and playing that ad game that's why
stuff like you know rich and I doing the
stream helps pay for the show that we
make cuz we wouldn't make it with just
ad revenue as YouTube's fucked you over
again somehow no we're just talking in
general bots like YouTube ads and like
what what we need in order like as a
content creator what we need in order to
fix the YouTube system
YouTube still has a huge assortment of
videos already updated that will draw
people in for all times that's that's
true until twitch gets their backlog up
until the next site gets their backlog
up until more people can migrate over
and it'll happen eventually it will
happen eventually no the the amount the
amount of come on I like I've looked
into this recently I was giving a talk
to some business people about YouTube
videos and whatnot and it's something
crazy like there's there's 24 hours
worth of videos uploaded every minute to
YouTube yeah it's insane
the the amount of minutes watch is
ridiculous it's beautiful
Jack's YouTube TED talk yeah yeah this
is what I deal with all the time I just
and this this is my life and so that's
what that's what's important to me rain
is your arch nemesis in this game you
know and you know what we didn't talk
about during our review rain rain we got
to redo it yeah totally we're redoing it
tomorrow it's terrible let's see here no
Jack always notes always notes I know
chicken
oh no sorry anonymous says hey Jack you
might like Jin ro the wolf burgade it's
Red Riding Hood in Japanese with Asian
power armor Nazis what it's about ghost
in the shell tear but only anime
hipsters know it Oh Jin ro the wolf
burger brigade I will I will add that to
my gym bro the wolf fucker well the wolf
wolf the wolf wolf I will add that to my
two watchlist thank you anonymous
chicken Mik buttocks says thanks for the
butt last stream
uh you're welcome Oh with near near
automata ah yeah there's some of this
some nice but last string I was a thing
hey thank you for the for the tip on how
to get that but oh wait I'm under
I'm under it Oh silver rupee gin row oh
you know what I think I've seen I think
I've seen like stills and gifts from gin
robbed before yeah that does look great
anonymous says do you guys know any of
the demographics for the people who
watch our Ellen prereq videos no I try
and I try not to look into that too hard
22:35 white beard based on people I've
met who have recognized me in public
I would absolutely believe that I
absolutely believe that by the way rich
congratulations on finally getting back
at Mike with that max landis bitten it's
surprising that you that he let you edit
a section yeah I know I know I got away
with that it was nice of Mike fruit
prize magician says I'm 30 and I'm white
and I have a beard look sorry Jennsen
sorry for the billion of Zelda messages
today just excited from this if you can
time it just right you can parry the
laser with your shield it's bad I've
tried I can't do it right I've seen that
before I've seen clips and it looks
badass looks badass rich broken learn
Adobe Premiere and got his revenge
absolutely I love that hack bot has an
exclamation point wet ass whoever
programmed that and thank you what does
it say if you type in exclamation point
wet ass hack bot says that wet ass is
smooth as butter rich Evan
March 2017 and I love it I know I have
not seen the new Samurai Jack I don't
have cable at the moment and so I'll
have to wait till it comes to some sort
of streaming service but I'm excited
about it I'm really excited about him oh
my god this labyrinth this is a dungeon
this is effectively this is effectively
a dungeon kind of the way they've
separated I'm actually surprised you
haven't found you haven't found anything
well you know what fuck you that's what
well that's what like it's it more
surprise me that you didn't realize you
could climb the walls and so you're
still an old video game mode rich other
video games yes would say you can't find
these walls not this game I'm looking up
I'm just not saying anything much
interesting to climb right how is that
true the master it's free on Adult Swim
well then I'll have to check it out
Anonymous has any plans to celebrate
when you get 1 million twitch views
you're only 50,000 away now what does it
mean a million Church views that means
people have watched it a million times
yeah so apparently no I don't know what
do you want to do about it
oh no we have not we still haven't
figured out what to say for when people
get 36 I have subscribed for 36 I know
we're gonna be in trouble when that
happens I hope it doesn't happen today
well is it gonna happen today now
because I said it yep
has it already haven't I'm looking I'm
looking
I don't see it I don't see it in the
Twatter there's hope there's hope the
bottom isn't that fantastic I love it I
love that there is just an island maze
in this game
a giant island maze
we cast piano music let's see here where
are we anonymous oh yeah we did that a
Sarah Chen says too much beer
Zelda prereq good ass relaxing night I
kind of miss okay good night
rich you're doing a great job I've seen
some people just sucking itself oh thank
you thank you for that mild compliment
that just leaves me back in here
well I wasn't wasted did you guys stream
this for a few weeks so I don't have to
buy it
maybe oh wait is it open no no no it's
not no it is not rich but I'll tell you
this you you you can get in well I know
I can get in I don't know if I want any
hints I'm not giving you any hints I'm
just letting you know you can get in
that's what Nintendo is afraid of here's
the thing Yuki you could watch us stream
this for 20 hours you could see us
discover a whole bunch of weird shit
that wouldn't cover half of the game
there is so much to this game that you
can still discover watch all the streams
you want it won't matter there is so
fucking much to this game
those it's tears it's tears Nintendo
teaches us the joy of getting lost
that's right it's not about the
destination it's about the journey
that's not sure what it's it's not about
the destination that's not true at all
I'm singing Zelda well otherwise mrs.
Lincoln how was the play the nd they
know that either the destination Lincoln
getting shot I'm sure I'm sure mrs.
Lincoln wouldn't say oh that was a great
play the journey did not matter the
destination dead Jack the destination is
important I'm going to say that I hate
that quote it's not the journey it's the
destination airship the destination is
the reason you take the fucking journey
I think I think you're misunderstanding
what that quote is about that quote is
not a blanket statement about it's never
the destination alright alright I'm
saying in this particular case it is the
the journey and not the destination oh
we got it now we got it now we totally
got it we totally got it yep you know I
think you've been here before and it was
a stir this is before you knew you could
crawl all over places no I'm in here
there's a dead end
Oh oh you know I think that's where you
found the shield and sword
yeah yeah it's probably on the other
side it's not the road trip it's all the
road kill you can pick up along the way
that's very Zelda
I want to go to space I'd love to go to
space that would be awesome
rich you wanna go to space sounds like a
great way to die yeah and fucking love
it I want to learn about space I don't
want to go there I want to go to the
fucking moon I want to walk on the moon
motherfucker I love going to different
places I love going to different places
I'd love to go to space yeah that's
right you're rich you don't like flying
an airplane nope
so are you problem that's like a it's
like a super airplane yeah so you'd
probably really hate like rocket ships I
on the other hand would love to go to
space the traveler speaks says earth is
the best spaceship ever kind of right
Hey right now we are we are hurtling
through the galaxy what's what's that
quote that david Hyde Pierce says in
what had American summer it's one of the
most amazing things ever when he's
giving his little science talk we're
hurtling through the galaxy and billions
of miles per hour rotating around a
giant fusion ball you could say that
right now we are on the spaceship earth
did you say that to anyone anywhere
anytime
the street you know what sometimes the
stream gets existential absolutely I'm
fine with that
I think you've been humid yeah I know
and I'm looking to see what nooks I
missed
okay literally all the time ba-ba-boom
not a mild compliment rich cessarich end
but a big compliment
and yes the DLC I'm interested and did
admittedly buy it because there's
supposed to be a new story episode and
new big dungeons on the way I like I
haven't bought I didn't buy the season
pass because I've been burned brutally
on season passes yeah after Batman
Arkham Knight I'm gonna wait and see
what the DLC is but I mean it could be
worth it a couple a couple new stories
maybe a new map area some new temples
yeah could be fun
could be fun you know the fact that we
move like that makes me want to see some
time traveler show where they just end
up floating in space right mm-hmm if you
if you can teleport yep to the exact
same place where you are right now but
in the past you would you would end up
in space because the earth would
probably not be in the exact same
position unless you could calculate it
to where the earth is in the exact same
space relative doesn't even the concept
where in space make any sense
space is relative sure but you're
changing the time so then the space
would change in in relation to the time
not in relation to you
that's my favorite little little
adrenaline game how late can I open my
parachute right before you hit right
before you hit that's burning what's up
here
that's stupid bats are up there stupid
bats that's gonna take a while to burn
I'm gonna hit some bats how many times
have I splat it a few times a few times
you know you can land on your horse Road
from your parachute yeah yeah go right
from parachutes or riding your horse
pretty awesome can you at a wild horse
ooh I wonder mm-hmm that's strange
that's where the vines were right ah
don't know what torch is suspicious
you know it's getting easier than ever
to find anything on Twitch that's true
but that was a mistake
yep it's true as far as as far as real
competition to YouTube going back to
going back to that whole YouTube's not
gonna change until they have competition
right now they're they're you know
oh and I can come back get this anytime
can you do you think it responds to
weapons in the overworld respond no with
the Blood Moon oh well there you go yeah
look at that thing that's why she was
talking I was talking about the things
my I put like a sword pin means it's a
good weapon there hmm
I put down the unsolved quest okay good
shield I just find a good shield there I
haven't found many good shields lying
around so not many of those another
weapon diamond this is rock that will
spawn on more expensive diamond
arrow good hunting ground I'm using the
hell out of these pins and it's great
the pins are amazing agreed
powerful monster I should have done some
of the line also I wasn't thinking
wasn't thinking I'd forgotten about
those and the leaf foraging I've got a
system Jack that's great rich um it
reminds me a lot of sweet sweet the Wind
Waker sequel for the DS had a very
similar system where you could make
notes on the map hmm that's great this
game is huge
oh this game is huge and rich hasn't
even unlocked all of the map yet yeah no
I know
oh you want to go up wait wait wait no
that's right this is oh my god I'm so
confusing I have where when you were
there look around what so when is this
coming to PC
look you could probably find a wii-u
pretty cheap it's on the WiiU yeah all
right
that's way too suspicious or anything I
want you already have it or need to why
I don't know I don't know I don't know
what I don't know what's in there Jack I
don't get in there they'll say sorry you
only have one torch well oh you know
what I don't know if we can want that
juicy Shack meat anymore you know you
know I should keep mr. Shaquille O'Neal
has recently come out as a flat earther
does that make the meat lest you see
that does that that makes me not want to
eat the meat what if it's tainted it
just means he's dumb he still might be a
perfectly nice guy just don't talk to
him about the roundness of the earth I'm
saying you know it just means jack is
dumb you sure I guess I expected more
out of Shaquille O'Neal I don't know why
I don't know why I expected more else
seems like an intelligent person he just
seems like a normal person this is this
is what religion does to your brain like
that that's the most upsetting part is
like you see someone who like hey he's
an intelligent guy he attack up seems
like an intelligent guy seems like a
normal person you're like really
flattered really you're not a normal
person
let's Shaq do Shaq huh let's Shaq
douchebag does Shaq Shaq don't give no
fuck about me or about what I think of
him I'm saying it mm-hmm
Londyn yeah we won't get into me right
nevermind nevermind we won't get into
them what religion and if flattered if
had anything to do that I think yeah it
is no matter came without judging which
is kind of a stupid thing to say because
I obviously already judged when I said
Shaq was stupid for believing it yeah
and I said see what religion does do
you're blind the brain right so I am
judging it but without judging it yeah
the old biblical view is that the earth
is a flat thing under a dome and then
the outside of the dome is water that's
where the flood came up it came from God
caused the flood by cracking open that
dome that's Bible earth that's that's
where that's where Flat Earth theory
came from it came from religious yeah
origins
that's why rich what I enjoy good
pseudoscience yeah and I almost almost
every Flat Earth thing eventually goes
into the scripture says here there or
because God yeah and the ones that don't
heavily imply a god videos that talk
about flatness our evidence for God
Peppers his way through those videos
gotcha
it's in there it's a religious it's a
religious movement the Flat Earth thing
yeah so like that wasn't just rich
randomly talking about religion that
it's connected I guess that's what I
wanted again yeah it was there was
there's a connection there anonymous
says if it makes rich feel any better
I'm a Navy pilot commercial planes are
safe enough don't spread it flying
flying ISM is a wonderful way to travel
it gets you places very fast and
statistically is safer than driving only
because less people fly every day than
they do drive but still statistics is it
worse to believe in a flat or earth or
the Mandela I don't know it was so weird
the day after we shot that video yeah
and you and Jay were explaining the
Mandela effect very next day Captain
disillusion came out with a video about
the Mandela effect isn't that weird and
I hadn't never heard of it before you
and Jay brought it up to me and I was
like how funny and then the very next
day
captain's disillusioned does something
about it does a video about it
sometimes we get philosophical here
that's true let's see here Sarah Chen
says important tip in tip whenever you
get into Hyrule Castle oh wait maybe a
spoiler yeah rich hasn't gotten there
yet so I won't tell him oh I gotta like
monsters okay okay
of course you gotta like monsters look
at that guy you know what guy who's
super into monsters happen well I'll be
honest let's try be nice okay a little
bit just a little bit crazy his boxer
shorts and his belly's hanging
wait wasn't have Richard talking to the
the phangan bone guy and we just you
know this is Rich's first time seeing
him and we love him
Oh what but I can't I can't buy anything
from him what happened and this one he
said we're talking I was listening kind
of you oh so he appears in random towns
okay at only at night and in different
towns and yeah he'll buy like monster
guts from you and stuff okay and you can
trade him for specific things finding
him is is is difficult but like if you
talk to people in towns a lot of them
will say hey did you hear in this town
there's some weirdo hanging around what
does he have that's good is he have
anything that's like really good it is
shop or something I don't remember
I sold a bunch of stuff to him I think
oh he does he like you can buy a monster
armor set you can buy monster armor sets
so like for example like you can buy a
chameleon set so chameleons won't ever
attack you
that sounds really super handy yeah
awesome super game-breaking that sounds
super you know a super duper
game-breaking ah no because it takes a
shit ton of work to get online you need
a lot of shit like it's not like you can
just buy like spending rupees you need
specific monster parts so there's a
whole bunch monster mask yeah you can
buy shit from them it's great it's what
we used to do in school talk as kids
it's talking about things we found in
games and this is how knowledge got
shared yeah that's what this game is
doing it's great it's great you know
unfortunately you know because of the
internet it's just a lot easier to get
that now yeah sure sure
but you that's your choice like if you
want to get all the information from if
from Google that's easy or you can talk
to
have you found the giant skeleton yet I
have it was it was here still night it
is I'm not sure I'm not sure why I
wouldn't want to fight it I know where
it is I just wanna see if you thought if
you found it yet
yes I know last time we talked to you
did not yeah no I found it since also
some bearers did you ride a bear ride
you can ride a bear I need to ride the
bear you can jump on and tame the bear
and write it around
I wrote along I wrote a deer go write a
bear good because you can totally ride a
bear unfortunately probably the same
thing happened with the deer as soon as
you get off the bear it is no longer
tamed yeah yeah but you can totally jump
on and ride a bear oh and there's a bear
I'm just something I have to sneak up on
it though huh okay well go run up and
jump on him man oh my god oh oh the
skeletons away and there's the giant
skeleton look at that guy he's great he
picks up trees and hits you with trees
rich there's not a great enemy gallatin
probably not weak to fire probably not
weak to anything electricity like I just
need blunt-force trauma if you feel like
it and you know what you don't have to
fight it out I'm just excited that
you're riding a bear
Shh like this probably has an obvious
weak point right yeah we're always a
dent hi knocks huh a stall box yeah
oh yeah he's just a big big dead oh
that's great I didn't notice that I
didn't realize that we're playing this
on the switch rich brought his switch
here and I'm using my Elgato capture
card oh you know that's not we're gonna
talk about cuz we talked about this like
a livestream someone was mentioning
because sometimes we have issues with
games and crashing when we try to stream
games from the computer we're playing
them on so someone was saying hey well
you know why not get a a computer
dedicated to the streaming aspect of it
and then you wouldn't have to you know
worry about OBS sucking up all your your
CPU when playing a game so I started
building a streaming only PC in PC parts
picker yes yes for shits and giggles
trying to die
just trying to make like the cheapest
build I could giving all the money to
the processor and to the ramp and spend
he's gonna attack me with his own boats
great he he rips off his own bones and
look please get it again and he picks up
trees and uses them as clubs any
beautiful
now hit him in the skeleton crotch
weapon do I want to burn through to do
it is the question the reason rich isn't
complaining about aiming with a stick
instead of a mouse is because the motion
controls are better than analog sticks
the the both the switch itself and look
that it covers up his eye yeah okay the
the switch itself and the pro controller
have motion controls to kind of help
with fine or aiming I personally don't
like it but out rich does the
combination of lock-on important lock-on
and motion controls can get you
something that's half decent yeah no
don't look wait why the trees there is a
tree there rich
but there was a tree link loves trees
wonder if you need to defeat him before
sunrise all the buttbounce the dreaded
skeletal but bones gets you every time
oh it's morning now no that's like I'm
sorry I'm sorry but you wrote a bear
you saw the giant skeleton that's all
that matters
I accidentally rode the bear as I was
running away from the skeleton I just
ran into a bear and I saw a mount and I
was like what
and so I rode the bear away from the
skeleton and it's great the great part
is I mean you could just ride the bear
yeah all over the place and you could
talk to people while riding the bear
they don't mention the fact that you're
riding a bear yeah I would love it if
they're if they would refuse to talk to
you because you were riding on a bear
but and the bear has no whip ability so
it moves pretty slow so what's what's
the deal Lost Woods or do i fast-forward
a night time and go and try that boss
again what you want to do in the last
ones look for the master sword that's up
to you that's up to you how long is the
whole lost woods section we should start
thinking about where this ends up what
is it 9 yeah what time do we start
I see people want lost wood little lost
what's that people want lost woods you
should have rode the bear back I love it
that you can ride the bear I love it
that you can ride the bear there's so
many little things about this game like
that right there is something that you
would have told your friend back in the
day did you know that if we go into the
woods you can actually ride the bear and
they would have got bullshit you can't
write a bear but that's a true thing
okay first things first
know what you need to do rest get full
hearts yeah get full hearts just cooking
you know what if you can ride a deer and
if you
right a bear you could probably ride a
goat I haven't tried I haven't tried i I
think I don't think you can ride boards
like it probably has to be bigger than
link whatever it is
yeah the matter the master sword if you
don't if you if you use it against
regular enemies the Master Sword loses
its magic instantly not instantly uh-oh
what you know what I went back into my
gameplay footage it lasted five enemies
for me alright five enemies and it loses
its magic and then has approximately a
nine minute cooldown but it stays in
your inventory you don't have to go back
to the Lost Woods and get it it just it
has a cooldown so personally I am NOT a
fan of the weapon breaking mechanic so I
think it's total bullshit that your
master sword
you can't just use your master sword I
don't like that but I get it I get it
yeah the like the weapon the whole
weapon durability thing they break too
easily for me there's no metric as to
when they're going to break it's it's a
it's all all this to like this this
whole like cooking stuff personally I do
not like this whole cooking thing I hate
it it takes that takes me away from
fighting or climbing that's all I want
to do I want to fight climb ride my
horse all this takes away from him for
me I know rich is okay with this with
this yeah cooking in camping this cold
cooking and camping thing
is there any way to get an unbreakable
version I don't believe they're of the
master shirt of any weapon I don't
believe no yeah but like I said the
Master Sword does repair itself right
right like I said you don't have to go
back to the Lost Woods to get it every
time
yeah but there's just periods that you
can't I'm with tomato Ned I'm okay with
weapon breaking but they break way too
quick 50 to 25% more durability or even
just a metric as to when they're gonna
break give me a number do you think that
the game could do with a blood-borne or
neo type loot weapon system or would
that mess up the bounce colonel rich I
don't understand what you mean by loot
weapon system what they drop weapons all
the time and you can pick them up you
keep them forever and you just get cuz
you get it just you know you just get a
ton of garbage that you'll never use
that way that was the knee Oprah that
was a problem with neo wasn't I didn't I
didn't think that was a positive aspect
of neo right no and so you know like my
issue you know with a lot of the weapon
breaking unlike blood-borne
because the weapons are breaking so much
and I know this is what they were going
for but because they break so much
you're constantly switching weapons and
to me I wanted to master a weapon
through repetition
I love blood-borne you know you you've
mostly stuck with the same weapon over
and over in blood-borne and that led to
a familiar familiarity with the combat
system with that one weapon that's what
I was hoping for when I got the Master
Sword and I didn't get it
I'm glad I'm glad there's a new portable
line the wet ass yeah
Oh for me definitely breath of the wild
over over near automata but to be fair
I've only played near for two hours so
the the exploration in Zelda is it's a
far greater positive than any little
nitpick I can give it I can talk about
how I don't like the music I can talk
about how I don't like the weapon and
gathering and cooking system I can talk
about the weak enemy or the weak boss
battles none of that matters because
just exploring and Zelda is so fantastic
the fact that you can climb any mountain
and go anywhere you want from the
beginning of the game means it's an
absolutely beautiful experience I have a
ton of little things that bother me
about the game but none of that compares
to the mega compliment that is its its
exploration system so and you know
unfortunately I just did this right
before that we did horizon zero dawn so
I'm a little burnt out on open worlds at
the moment so I can't start another open
world game with Nier automata so this
game sounds like one of the greatest in
history from the jacks description I
it's a really fucking great game yeah
yeah it's really fantastic no game in
recent history has made me feel like
I've discovered stuff like this game has
you know like horizon zero dawn has a
ton of open-world stuff but all of the
areas felt copy-pasted from different
areas
going to the different areas and breath
of the wild felt new it it felt like you
were discovering something I can't
recommend it enough this is my house
there's me oh yeah you can get a little
plaques and put cool weapons up there
put the decorative ones try to get rid
of those and start storing good weapons
but it's your house you can do whatever
you want what capture card we are using
the Elgato what is this al gato
we use the Elgato Game Capture HD which
is an external capture card and so you
know I just plug the HDMI cable into the
capture card and then through USB to the
computer and then there's an HDMI out to
the TV an HDMI pass-through so the
Elgato Game Capture HD the reason I got
this one is because this also has an
analog in and so if we ever wanted to
like capture game footage from like an
older system or as we often have to do a
VHS we can do that that's why I went
specifically with this one and not like
a newer version looking past minor flaws
and enjoying game is what gamers do
looking past deep systemic flaws and
developer laziness is what fanboys do
well and that's the thing like you know
every game will have minor flaws how's
that Mass Effect doing it looks I think
um I think every game has little flaws
and I'm like I've said none of these
flaws are anywhere near the positives
but I think I think if anyone is going
to argue that this is a perfect game
they need they need to look inside
themselves
oh that new mass effect but and by the
way everybody I appreciate all of you
sending all of the Twitter clips of all
of the dumb things that are happening in
Mass Effect but you need to know that
rich does not check our Twitter I do and
I don't care about mass affecting I have
no concern of it right it's none of my
concern
I wash my hands a while ago and they are
tweeting at us at previously recorded a
bunch of Mass Effect stuff and I think
it's great I know you guys know that you
know rich has his thing with Mass Effect
but I checked the Twitter and I don't
care about Mass Effect at all
so what frog fractions is perfect well
if you're gonna talk about perfect games
well you know I'm trying to I'm kind of
like there I think there are examples of
like near-perfect games something like
portal portal is damn near perfect it
would be really hard to find a flaw in
portal sure so
well what what I'm saying is what rich
is saying is if you send us a physical
copy of Mass Effect we will destroy it
on camera
I would rather you gave that money to a
children's charity I'm not kidding I
don't want to have to destroy a bunch on
camera I don't want anything I want to
forget
Mass Effect ever existed here-here's I'm
sure we're at least Star Trek and Star
Wars had a child together yeah and then
Casey Hudson and EA games aborted it I
don't want to think about it it's too
fucking depressing here's here's what
I'm gonna say because I'm sure we're at
least going to get sent to one copy yeah
my plan for the video you know will give
the little introduction of why we're
destroying it yeah we'll find a way to
destroy it and every video will have a
link to a children's charity
we'll have we will have a little
description may you know may be in video
maybe just in the description of just
saying hey you know this this $50 $60
could have gone towards this charity
think about donating and that'll be kind
of the the in-between what do you feel
about that all right which has strong
feelings that's true
endo kromm says if you think Flat Earth
is weird to believe in check out the
stationary square earth theory what
stationary Square Earth theory some of
those they don't seriously believe them
but it's just take a look at the
evidence we see and you you you look at
it at a different way this can also be
valid
by the way like time cube is something
like that I think that's just a really
cool picture yeah looking at square and
stationary Earth theory from 1893 that's
just a really cool guy
I like that thank you and Oh crumb what
is Mike stansson switching to Premiere
Pro he won't Mike is a stubborn stubborn
old man in heels stubborn man he will
die editing to Final Cut 7 I've gotten
Jay it took me what five years to
convince Jake it took me five years to
convince Jay to switch over Jay is a
convert and we're there mike is gonna
take a lot more convincing what I can
only assume is eventually the software
will no longer function properly on a
modern computer because it will be so
you you can get you can get if you
really try hard enough you can get some
really old software to run if you try
hard enough yep nope so possibly the
next time Mike needs to upgrade his
computer the hassle of figuring out how
to install Final Cut will be greater
than the hassle of learning a slightly
dip oh there's a goat go see if you can
right then go for fuck's sake I just
wanna see if you can find the goat can't
believe it don't have better things to
do it's Zelda you could do whatever you
want I know I've heard really good
things about avid even you know what
even after a few patches I've heard
great things about a Final Cut Pro X if
you can get some supplementary software
with it I've heard that it works it
functions okay you cannot write a goat
well but you know switching from
Premiere Pro to Final Cut 7 is not that
hard you just need to find all of the
analogues like oh this is what it wasn't
Final Cut 7 this is what it isn't from
here and it just runs so much smoother
and one day it might happen but I am not
holding my breath
no like Mike will never stop editing
because he's so 7 what will happen is
Mike will we'll just keep an old-ass
computer and a slow ass program and
it'll just take him you know weeks to
edit what should take days because he's
a stubborn stubborn some a bitch I don't
say I just used to do it from here at FX
what am I missing out on avid I think
has I want to say avid handles the
processing of raw video smoother and so
I think it can go a little faster and
it's really just about whatever workflow
you know better many hearts do I have
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten oh you have 12 hearts 12 great
adentro one two three four five six
either 11 or 12 it's hard to cut you
know it's not a very like I've got 12 I
think you have 12 hearts yes twitch just
did a big user interface updates so
twitch should look a little different
for everyone they are they are rolling
out new new stuff and more social
aspects so you know it's easier to find
be the stream that you're looking for it
twitches it's getting there there's
already a plan for six Power Rangers
films them whatever I yeah yeah whatever
I have no strong feelings really high
I'm excited I'm super hyped
I love cheesy action schlock I'm a big
fan of it
so as long as they can do that I'm okay
let's see here
the Irish nerd on twitch says hey Jack
and Richard just a tip for tips sake
keep up the great work leav as to the
worst Megan tastic thank you
yeah that's a great episode sorry for me
to tell them when inside out and set out
you know like it's it's it's not very
often that I can watch an episode
not having been any part of it yeah and
and I liked it and I finally got to meet
Freddie as far as what I've been doing
by the way
yeah I'm stocking up on arrows cuz I was
almost out in the maze okay so you're
selling a bunch of so I got I got 83 now
which is that's good for now yeah I like
to have 100 arrows are the are the
hottest commodity in this game you
cannot get arrows often in the wild and
right now I'm doing something else I
thought you were going to I'm going to
but I have to do something first
oh I wanted to be effective where is it
though it's down here oh it's back
behind you I know what you're talking
about it's on I want to say it's on the
other side of that rock yeah down that
path okay I know what you're talking
about
there's I have to worship Satan yep this
is this is Satan and Satan gives you the
ability to swap an upgrade in case
you've made a horrible decision you can
swap a stamina for a heart or vice versa
hundred rupees then the bargain is
struck
I will take your vigor to give you a
longer life
you are now indebted to me I will call
upon you when needed the whole sequence
of Cameron and the waitress was the best
that it was a good episode
and last time Freddie Williams was in
town I did not get a chance to meet him
and so we got to hang out the night
before the best of the worst
and like I didn't even hang I just got
to say hi but he was showing off a bunch
of his sketches for the Thundercats
meets the what is it Thundercats meets
their teams the number right yes we're
sure yes I and you know what 80% I
believe that 13 is the number you need
come what's he doing Thundercats versus
he man he's doing the you know he just
got done with the Batman versus Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles crossover the art
for that which is a fine book by the way
fine book I enjoyed it I love Freddie
Batman versus the TMNT or meets the TMNT
Batman slashed him and see whatever you
go on awesome he-man under cats yeah
this is lame well I'm not fuckin lame
I'm not into either of those franchises
so that doesn't mean anything to me and
of course you know he doesn't write the
books he just draws them I like the
he-man toys but like Prince Adam was
such a dork yeah I didn't I didn't care
much for Prince Adam the alter ego yeah
also I didn't much care for he-man as
strong as Superman no I don't want a
superhero I'm just give me a give me a
barbarian kick-ass that's all I wanted
so I wasn't completely into the cartoon
yeah there's better nothin I was a kid
I was a little I I missed the he-man and
and the Thundercats it's a there's a
problem when you're rooting for the
villains
alright Thundercats well so you know the
book you know I don't really care about
the book but I love seeing sketches by
professional artists and so this was
just all of his pencil and early inking
work on four pages from the books and
they were like his detail is phenomenal
in general I usually prefer a more
simplistic style especially in comic
books but but for both the Batman and
the Thundercats when he's going for a
hyper detailed like all the muscle
sinews and everything and it was it was
amazing just looking through all of his
sketchbooks he's great
what a you know what what a swell guy
that's Freddy so that was nice to see
that was nice to see Sara chances lost
woods tip be very very observant of your
surroundings when navigating the lost
woods also to successfully pull the
master stories you need a certain number
of permanent yeah just saying yes and
rich rich knew that even before I did
I just you hear things you hear things
you know unit 603 it says hey rich and
Jake just out of curiosity why did you
have to move your set up for doing
prereq and the streams also any plans to
play river city ransom underground well
the old said we didn't have a permanent
place to keep it up so it was a hassle
to set up every time that was one thing
you know you deal with that but we way
it was built we could not do a third
camera angle right so those are the two
reasons when when we started the show
when we started previously recorded the
the idea was to have a show that could
be produced completely outside of Mike
and Jay and that included just me using
my own cameras and so you know the for
the first maybe
ten episodes of the show if you'll if
you go back you'll notice that one angle
either me or rich looks really different
than the other camera because I was
using a kind of one standard camera and
one DSLR at the time and those are the
only two cameras I had and so then we
started building sets based off of using
only two cameras as we moved forward and
ended the show became more permanent at
your horse
remember to pet him after he kills an
animal we started to want that third
camera angle but then the set was built
around the two camera angles and we just
needed to make a call also like Rich
said our set needs to be put away our
set is not a permanent set and so just
putting the set together lighting it
properly getting the cameras set up took
longer than shooting the actual episode
and it was a huge pain in the ass and
then lighting it was always weird you
know because we didn't have a permanent
set up is the new way despised by the
way I don't think so I just think it's
it's dit you know it's different the
other thing is audio in the warehouse is
really fuckin echoey and so that took me
a ton of extra time editing to fix super
echoey audio you already failed because
the horse tiberias we do try putting
gaming knickknacks behind us and yes we
will get more gaming knickknacks as we
go on that's the idea is to kind of fill
the background with more gamey and
knickknacks so the audio is better in
here the we can get a third camera angle
the couch makes things a little more
casual and I really
look at it it's it's significantly
easier to light the way we lit the Zelda
that no one will see really works with
the two soft boxes by the way just the
two soft boxes on the back lights so
this is an easy enough puzzle I heard
somewhere the wind was a factor and made
glowing wind hmm so there's many there's
many reasons why we decided to move in
here and and so far it's worked out it's
just a lot easier to shoot in here and
you know we're just trying to get we're
trying to get the filming done faster
I'd listen to just prereq audio whatever
you do with cameras is secondary and
doesn't hurt the review well alright
I did see Neal Breen Neal Breen is
crowdfunding his next movie which should
worry you it worries me the the the one
thing you would really hate is for Neal
Breen to become self-aware I heard
something what I don't know hence why I
said something in that I heard this
specific thing alright I'm not saying
any more torches did I do something
wrong
where do I follow the things so yeah I'm
worried that Neil brains crowdfunding
initiative means that he has become
self-aware enough that he knows he's
making a bad movie yeah
not someone wrong but we'll see or maybe
he's just trying to capitalize on any
fame he has and you know just trying to
get money wherever he can we'll see I
was a checkpoint alright something
different might be going on here then
is Nintendo still dropping the license
Content hammer-on game reviews well
we'll find out well when this goes up we
will find out
from the deer don't get shoved out of
the woods that's a foot that's a fair
question
the magic deer I'm gonna say nature and
shit if I had to choose between ocarina
and Majora's Mask I'd probably go
ocarina only because I've never finished
Majora's Mask I didn't like the the
timed elements of Majora's Mask but I
you know what I haven't played it since
I was a kid so honestly I don't I don't
know maybe that's something we should
look back on is Majora's Mask do people
talk about Majora's Mask anymore
uh yeah people still like it okay I'm
suing this is just the way to go
I know Majora's Mask is the cult classic
that's the the one that everyone goes
that's the real good game but as a kid
coming from Ocarina I couldn't wrap my
head around it and then I just never
went back to it as an adult by the way
I'm not saying yes to o'erhead su Shu
what's his name what not saying what's
his face the inventory expansion guy
don't worry about it oh look at all your
friends are they specifically like other
more if you find more are these the ones
you found oh I don't know actually
that's a good question cool look at that
frame rate oh yeah oh great a lot of
things on screen right now rich we're
chugging
oh you know I'm a patient man we're
patient man
people love the thematic elements of
Majoris maybe you know what it's been a
while since we've done a retro a retro
review maybe we can go back to Majora's
Mask one of these days that'd be tough
after this I'll tell you it wouldn't
happen soon would you wanna do a retro
review on something you haven't played
before I haven't played it all Majoris
why not really I guess I don't have that
insight like looking back at that game
as a how did it hold up I don't have
anything like that so yeah I played this
and it's kind of dated by today's
standards Wow well you know yeah
compared to is is I enjoyed a lot of
ocarina because you know I enjoyed the
combat and so it's like you know coming
from ocarina as a kid I couldn't get my
head around this one as an adult what
does what does this do is it you know as
an adult gamer well have I bought you
crack seeds oh shit you got a ton let me
tell you motherfucker
I got all the seeds there max for any
particular type like can I have like 57
weapon slots and like expand the shields
twice and then not have room for
anything else is that a possibility well
what did they say how many how many cock
seeds are in the world is like nine
hundred four hundred I thought four
hundred and you know the more you expand
something the more seeds you need to
grind it so yeah I mean there's but if
you chose only weapon slots you could
probably do it as many times as you want
like I assume
then people are saying there is a man
wait max on each but you don't limit
other slots are you aware what the seeds
are are that's that's what Chandler J
333 wants it what are they
I assume they're seeds maybe we're
missing an inside joke I don't know
I'm curious it's a spoiler I don't give
a shit
Chandler what are the seeds I'm seeing
kids I'm seeing poops they're tree
fetuses oh whatever tiny bits of shit
the seeds are supposedly poop poop I'm
saying poop a lot Boop semen
Hey ah let's see here leftover beefcake
says here's my donation to the rich
destroys mass effect on camera for
charity fun lol compact my disc
anonymous is rich I love the point get
aboard how long did it take you to build
it
I don't remember specifically it was a
while wasn't quick it was not it was not
quick only because it was the design
changed right well there was those an
early failure that I am NOT taking any
of the blame for and why not rich well
Mike wanted to do a giant Plinko board
yeah I mean a Plinko board and a legally
distinct point get aboard yes I was
gonna build it well he went out and
bought the materials and no came back
from the Home Depot or at least I saw
the next day after he bought it and it's
just the dumbest thing he could have
done it's just the absolute dumbest
thing he could have done he bought these
sheets of plywood that were the heaviest
fucking sheets he could have gotten the
weight was amazing and instead of
getting like like one four by eight
piece just one four by eight piece he
bought four four by fours and somehow
I'm supposed to get tickets for heavy
4x4 boards nail them into a smooth
surface forget the fact that you're
gluing four of them together and the
fucking convergence is gonna be right in
the middle of the fucking thing had it
be smooth somehow and not collapse under
its own weight right and so I tried I
gave us an I gave it a really honest try
mm-hmm and the the frame I needed to
build the hold I forget how thick they
were or whatever they were wasn't it
wasn't like really thin light plywood I
was like some heavy shit I built this
big comically reinforced stand that it
would not hold the weight of these
boards once they were all nailed
together so so that's what took up the
bulk of it it's Mike
so I had to go pack it like I did the
smart thing you know I got a thin sheet
of plywood and then I built a frame
behind that so it wasn't wobbly yeah and
then the sides rather than being more
wood and heavy are just foam yeah that's
just in some foam insulation insulation
board right and then we went through a
seer
what the dropper should be debate raged
for weeks the the what sort of things
should we drop mm-hmm oh yeah well it
was just you things you'd think would
work wouldn't work right like hockey
pucks nope they didn't work they kept
getting stuck I don't remember what else
I tried I tried a bunch of different
puck shaped things like one of them I
think was like a rollerblade wheel
rollerblade we allow think I'm wasn't
technically a rollerblade wheel but I
better the hardware so it was like that
kind of wheel on its side that kept
getting stuck I every you tried like
gluing it to one of those like mover
like flat smooth moving smooth furniture
moving pad it kept getting stuck yeah
and then I'm like mom I was usable hours
and that work rate it all works
fantastic yeah and I need 17 coax Eames
get one more weapon you know what I need
weapons more often than I need shields
you know we're doing it the real Plinko
chips are stainless steel on the back I
think
interesting interesting
sorry chin says here's towards the
Majora's Mask 3d Fund the 3ds remake
fixes many things things and make makes
the bosses fights fun too it would be
neat that could be interesting just a
game I haven't ever really gotten no I
don't have much interested in honestly
well and we couldn't do it anytime soon
because all we would be thinking about
is this Zelda game very very different
well it's my least favorite Linc kid
Ocarina of Time link yeah yeah I want to
be a kid
I'll be a cartoony kitten winwaker and
adds cartoony that's fine but I don't I
be a kid like that
alright seven-year-old kid
Majora's Mask 3ds allows save scumming
then I'm in oh I've played Spirit Tracks
I I've played I've played so many
fucking Zelda games rich rich was
talking about the possibility of doing
like a like a ranking of all of the
Zelda games and then I'm thinking - all
the Zelda games I have played and in it
numbered 12 throughout my entire
lifetime with with all the mobile games
the DS games Oracle season Oracle of
time flink for Lincoln the Four Swords
just so the Minish Cap which all fun
games but they're there is so much The
Legend of Zelda that it some of it just
mushes together you know there's the
there's the Spirit Tracks and then there
is the the other one for the DS that was
a direct sequel to Wind Waker and I even
forget what that one's called which one
of the direct sequel to one Wicker uh
well the Spirit Tracks
no no Phantom Hourglass Phantom
Hourglass nice that was a that was a
great one and that would that was much
like The Adventures of link a direct
sequel and that happens right after her
Wind Waker they pluck you off your boat
Phantom Hourglass was great
so here tracks is almost sort of is
alright I'm gonna just sequel it's not
the same characters is the same
continuity same continuity but you know
what it all like I could never do a
ranking episode because they all just
blur together in my head and then you
know how do you compare something like
this to the original and how do you
compare those two handhelds and Oracle
of Ages and Oracle of Seasons are these
weird little games that are great but
they're kind of their own little thing
and like what about links away
kidding did you ever play Link's
Awakening yeah like they are these weird
little games and so it were right deal
the only easy one is Skyward Sword cuz
that just sucks
what oh hold on everyone
oh my god is the Dooku
it's Count Dooku
after 100 years
patience
they're putting out a little play for
you but you know let me know what would
happen alright so was it 13 or 14 I
think the chat confirmed that 13 was the
magic number okay I'm gonna be upset if
I die I'm gonna be sad it would be sad
test your might
sweet
it's great
the Master Sword yay look how much
cannon fuck your shit up
mizen here we like it we like the new
Zelda a lot yeah it's great we
wholeheartedly endorse the new Zelda and
for someone asking about the durability
facing anything but Ganon the the sword
will break after about five enemies ever
you confirm that can it can it handle
the robot enemies again ends direct
minions without one you know cuz you've
already done one the the the minions and
the beasts are Ganon they can so I can
handle those guys okay without breaking
it can handle Ganon without breaking the
the robots I don't know actually that's
a good question
can anyone on the chat confirm that
because I'm legitimately curious what
we'll do against the centuries but it
doesn't break it loses its magic and
will recharge after about nine minutes
so it never leaves your inventory but
you just can't use it for about nine
minutes
it strengthens against the Guardians
okay they're saying including Rollins
you talk again sweet oh great great
and it doubles and strength when you
face the robots interesting
oh I wonder that's a good question
do you think you can throw the master
sword when you throw your other weapons
you know no but it does try it
try it try it throw it yes what is that
let me see it again look at that is you
know what I didn't even think to throw
it that's awesome
cuz you're a dumbass I was no it's
because it broke white right away cuz I
used it on regular enemies and I was so
upset with how it broke that I don't
even think of throwing oh of course but
it only does that at full health
Oh Joel only does it at full health
that's great that's great classic poop
dick 5079 says the disaster artist
premiered at South by Southwest and
there's early talk of it being
oscar-worthy will something Tommy Wiseau
made indirectly win an Oscar the room
disaster artist book disaster artist
movie that'd be the perfect end for
Tommy Wiseau story wouldn't it really
well be Greg sestra though I guess he
wrote the bark if you tell me why so
sitting there on the sidelines
and that every great that'd be great
various I gotta find some blue B oh the
rabbit a picture that
okay okay
he's a weird-looking one got like a leaf
beard good all the leaf beard
look now I have to do I didn't work back
here
what oh there's uh there's a thing
nearby where where is it there's a
there's a temple or shrine there's a
shrine sure nearish not out that way I
want to say it was by um the guy who
expanded your village no vegetarians
ever stop that's my face oh that's
adorable
so in this elder are the core oak still
descendent of the kuru ki or sometime
light is bullshit
yeah it doesn't really matter doesn't
you know what it just doesn't really
matter we got we got some beats mm-hmm
sell the time line is canon it's also
bullshit yeah that's a lot of bullshit
it's it's it's it's slapped together
slap together unintentional those shades
an afterthought yeah it's like when
people argue over James Bond Canon right
it doesn't really matter
sorry chin says but for real rich I
think you would appreciate majora 3d yes
trust me wrong maybe you have we don't
know we don't know nothing
oh yeah no like I said it wouldn't be
anything anything in the near future
just because there's there'd be no way
we can jump from one Zelda to the other
but just something to think about
xx wow I can find them in the forest for
free the shrine is not in here
no it's by the guy who expanded your
backpack
now now what isn't here some Spears and
Sheila's pays to explore Jack I'm trying
to I'm trying to find you in the shrine
man that's my job
yeah no to the left no where you going
I'm gonna talk about a single first
census and I'm gonna do we wanted to
know whether the shrine was trying to
tell you where the shrine was you get
distracted oh I think I dropped one
earlier today yeah well a freezing rod
don't leave it you know freezing it
dropped it because I grabbed the
freezing sword so where's the shrine you
speak it okay turn around
Wow no are you talking to the guy now
you're just not you're just probably
hitting the button I was hitting the
button before you said turn around
purposefully not listening to me if you
turn exactly around and walk in the in
that direction there's the guy it's over
damn sure I think I remember it being
over there
that leave yeah all right all right what
time is it the time ish to stop you
won't do it will do trying dude you're
tryin and stop yeah sure Hamish how do
we do this yeah just about time thank
you Amy mine
current time in Milwaukee Wisconsin is
it's almost 10 o'clock central Daylight
Savings Time that is true that's crazy
that they added a little fraud bot
apparently not hack the fraud 5000 is
now they have competing BOTS rich
alright fraud bots can calculate the
current time in Milwaukee I think that's
great
not really calculate just state what the
carat diamond oh my god oh this is a
neat puzzle this one took me a while
alright alright so Jen says this tip is
just say I really enjoyed the time Ryan
pre the timeline pre Hyrule historia
things in tight Twilight Princess and
Wind Waker directly indicate which
timeline they lie in like how the
teacher skeleton in Ocarina of Time is
linked or in Twilight Princess
yeah like the the they say that like the
one who teaches you all the sword stuff
and Twilight Princess is you know the
hero of time it's you know what it is
it's it's bonus if you are fans of the
game
they're nice nods it's not especially
well thought out if you look at it as a
whole as a timeline it's a convoluted
mess it's of course but what it is is if
you're a fan of the series it's a bonus
oh that's cute it could work like that
as a fan of the series I kind of ready
to down just silly or irritating
annoying I know it's cute okay so we got
in numbers this is good this is good
1 2 3 4 5 it's cute it's like it's like
1 or 2 3 4 sorry about all the Pixar
movies are in the same timeline it's
cute question is how does it how oh the
number of times they appear on the wall
is the number so 5 1 2 3 4 5 my genius
one two its flipped no it's not flip
it's just turned all the way or three
you got that significantly faster than I
did it took me a really long ass time to
figure that out
you know why and I feel like good about
myself no you you know you saw I I
didn't notice the numbers on the side as
fast yeah yeah I was like wait a minute
wait a minute what's going on see - I'm
the man you-you-you nailed that one I
want to hit someone the Thorg
alright so the bonus the bonus yeah
alright this is easy enough so for
question is if I move those that's gonna
close or is this open forever and out
form
it was
I think I'm feeling jealous of the
Zelda's it's a really fucking good game
to the you know what one of the the
things that I'm liking so much about it
is how each each shrine is what would be
in a different cell the game just a
portion a dungeon and so it's just like
I'm less sure how I feel nothing I don't
hate it
oh I really I really like it because
what what it means is you are in control
of how you pace the game so like if you
really like the puzzle stuff you could
just go puzzle puzzle puzzle puzzle
puzzle if you're not so into the puzzle
stuff you can you could there's a bunch
of shit you can do in the meantime
instead of saying you're in a dungeon
you can't leave until you do all the
puzzles it puts more control in the
players hands right and and I I think
it's great I think it's great
I opened this took all the time open the
store I almost ran right to the monk oh
yeah after getting this open I almost
ran right to the monk oh I got a look
around got a look around for that no I
knew about this and you spent time
opening oh that's it how maybe you were
supposed to get here sooner I know where
to get two of those off of some hind
axes it's redundant redundant jack
all right well we're done what we're
done that just beat the trial
you did it you did it rich I did good
Sara Jen would like to say this -
dollars - the paypal takes way is for
rewarding rich with his logic puzzle
solving skills she doesn't say this she
just says also can't wait till Phoenix
right but kind of like the logic puzzle
solving skills you would need in Phoenix
right i we both enjoyed Phoenix right
it's been just we've we've almost ended
like five times
that's something or like Oh Josh wants a
stroke Josh yeah josh is gonna be around
but I can't defeat us right Jay's gonna
be every time we've legitimately planned
on doing it something has come up and
honestly what with Jack's tooth it's
true he wanted to Jack wanted you I said
I said no because I know his tooth is
not perfect and I'm worried halfway
through the stream is gonna be talking
and screaming it's Phoenix and I'll be
doing the low voice which will make my
teeth vibrate and they'll shake
something loose and then oh and then
we'd have to cut the stream short yeah
and you know what we're gonna you know
we're gonna try again on Sunday but then
you know like Jay's gonna come by no
matter what if something is like if Jay
comes by okay yeah we'll do a J stream
that's fine but at the very least it'll
be the very we're not gonna let up it'll
be the next one the next time we could
possibly do it either you're drinking
you and with every stream yes just in
case that's a reason we can't do that
because we need our special modded D s
in order to stream it we don't have that
we're restroom that's true Jack can't
show up what do you feel like doing
tonight I don't know Phoenix right oh
yeah we gonna fit no because we need the
thing we need this si we're gonna use
any BS it has to be the D s with the
special thing make JD voices he won't he
just won't you want Jay to come back
you gotta turn this into work JJ you're
gonna have to read what this saying and
he doesn't give her shit because he
doesn't care about the game and then
he'll be like bye we can have fun with
it but J doesn't give no fucks yeah
that's true that's true
bender and says okay we understand we
need to kill J no you crazy cuckoo heads
alright you know this game is even fun
to watch I love this game
it's a I absolutely love this game it's
so much fun to watch because I'm like
you know this time I got to see how you
handle challenges that I handed handle
yeah you do that differently
and you did some stuff I didn't even
know about like that that's awesome oh
that's gonna kick so much ass yeah I
wonder if this sword will still break if
you do that what the yellow hearts just
get yourself a yellow buffer and just
spam the shit out of it but I wonder if
the sword breaks if you had none
probably probably but if it doesn't
that'd be that's a nice cheese all right
now is the point of the stream in which
we thank all the people who subscribe to
us during this stream oh hey hold on you
guys should make makeshift multiplayer
one joke on each I'm not fucking up my
game for the sake of that Jack what's
going here with his switch I'm game but
mmm alright so we have double to deuce
polo juice bill la hecka for 33 fucking
months in a row
oh it's frayed it was afraid of 36 we
have nothing ready we have no idea what
we're going to do bill lacus as I was
hoping on my 33rd month anniversary we
do
playing Phoenix right now oh well
there's always my third and fourth
anniversary hopefully it'll be before
then I don't know I don't I don't know
what's going on with my tooth worries me
it doesn't like what it is right now is
sensitive like if I go like this I feel
it I guess I feel it my damn tooth oh
right
Harald fairhair says I want that juicy
Zelda fairy meat hauls variety pack for
twenty two fucking months in a row says
twenty two months in a row
oh god where is the unsubscribe button
where is it where is a too late cut
damage Inc easy 99 be lengthy Chernobyl
kinsman for twenty three fucking months
in a row animist prime it was prime evil
tricky and commander VX 135 says hope
things get better for you guys
Phoenix Wright will be hilarious another
night all he'll Cameron Mitchell lady
Denning 16 months some Oh slam Shaddam
fright uh sixteen months in a row
Hunchback Jack twenty two fucking months
in a row lah DZ's love you guys
Mario Mario forty two thirty three
fucking months in a row says no it's a
pain in the ass but we still need that
Halloween board game stream exclamation
point also to hype up chat let me know
about hashtag Project Hornet update I
sent ya we got some we got some notes we
got some notes what's up we'll talk
we'll talk laggin wagon and so ledian
says three months who cares
I want the pizza rolls I've been
promised you acts
menti cyanide crooked spiral says thanks
for all the great streams yeah welcome
kiddin
Derek Lloyd every 801 give us mu 19
months in a row keep this rag inscribe
20 fucking months in a row riot crew 33
oh Jesus fucking months in a row the
Irish don't which 14 months in a row
says the I though the Irish nerd on
Twitch makes much more sense it's like
what's the don't which is that a
sandwich you can't eat I missed the end
as Irish I saw Irish I think the end
blended into the humpy part of the age
my brain my brain dyslexia did and then
I had adult which after that the Irish
don't with the Irish er don't win so
it's a don't wish which that's more
Irish than the other don't which lack of
the axes
Misner 126 fucking months in a row says
I have no idea what to write here
darkness says another month is past and
more entertainment keep up the great
work
rich and Jack thank you thank you oh
let's see here Lindsey yo yo yo miss
toots says hi jack hi rich I'm playing
horizon right now I love it glad you
guys mostly liked it - we did beer
Meister 20 89 for 18 months in a row
yeah I forgot when fucking started
beer Meister 2089 says I'm staying up
until midnight tonight to launch a new
website at least there's overtime no way
I don't get paid overtime fuck my life
oh my god router sorbents and thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
thank you we really do it's true and
you're looking for the thing you like of
a thing so okay a nice night
