Episode 066
Adventures in Attorney-ing (Part 2)
April 19, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7tZQH2vEA8
___________________________________________

we actually started the stream what
times like six yeah we've been going for
an hour and a half who have no idea we
weren't on you get you guys missed some
great material we're actually just
getting ready to call it a wrap yeah
because my throat was sore again all
that fucking material is gone yeah it
was great it was really good shit so but
we just want to say we just want to say
thanks everyone for coming out you know
know hey welcome everybody hopefully
everybody got a chance to see the the
Zelda prereq which is the longest prereq
to date by a longshot
because as we are lots of fun to talk
about well a simple thing it wasn't a
simple thing that was our second filming
that was our second filming of the
discussion because our first discussion
wasn't good enough because we tried to
do with you know all that we had to talk
about we tried to do it without any kind
of notes or an outline it was a terrible
idea it was a terrible mistake so we
made notes and you know even the review
came out 26 days after the release so if
we can't be first goddamnit were gonna
be thorough
yeah yes we say that but I saw one on
the recommender and they you know the
related videos yeah hour and a half yeah
so we couldn't even do that there were a
couple bits that weren't necessarily
important to the discussion that I cut
out specifically so I could make
separate videos so I can make some
prereq extras oh you just talking about
the Wii U versus those switch there's
there's that and there is you discussing
link as a character that will make a
perfect two standalone video okay okay I
think that you know what I didn't notice
that wasn't in there right right because
everything flows without it and you know
we talked for an hour and 45 minutes
about The Legend of Zelda and got an
hour
episode of its you know you enjoyed the
lightning striking gag you know who
didn't enjoy that me because I didn't
understand that you had to take off your
metal shield all of a sudden all of a
sudden lightnings started to twitch
around me and I got so scared but uh I'm
very sorry
it's alright it's okay no we got loved
the vids visual gags and screenshot of
the monitors it oh yeah so by the way he
rich yeah we put it we play the game I
played the game for 60 hours you played
the game for 120 hours yeah I'm going to
say including the import and export time
I have at least 40 45 hours of editing
yeah to make that episode yeah put in
all that work put in all that hard work
to express our feelings on the game yeah
and Nintendo swoops down and says I'm
gonna take the money for that oh yeah oh
yeah cuz that's how it works
why would you want to review a Nintendo
game there's no good reason but the
savior of the evening is you're the
hunter from the future so about two
minutes after the episode was uploaded
to YouTube Nintendo put a claim on it
right and I knew that was a possibility
and I know it was an inevitability well
you know what luckily like so sometimes
we get claims on stuff and sometimes
they will restrict viewing areas for
videos with claims on them Nintendo
didn't do that they just monetize it for
themselves and so I said well everyone
can watch it now be okay with that
right yeah but then just this afternoon
Sony also put a claim on it because I
use that clip from your hunter from the
future so Sony and Nintendo now get to
fight for that ad revenue good yeah
we're involved we Jim sterling dit
we are guided by the hand of Jim so yeah
so that's the story but hey it's out I
can rest well I watched I watched an
episode of Supergirl this afternoon it
was great we'll see how this stream goes
I know you're fried I am so fucking
fried rich it's like we could not do
Phoenix right and you can take it easy
but then then then we have a riot on our
hands
we didn't play more Phoenix right after
not even getting to the trial portion no
I'm I'm SuperDuper fried you know you
get into you get into an editing groove
how do we know how many hours we had
Enzo eject the switch has an hour
counter people don't know how to find
that I've seen multiple comments in
places oh yeah yeah if you go to your
profile you know so on the switch the UI
you know there's the games and then
there's all the little options
underneath the games go up to your
profile picture in the top left corner
of the screen if you click on that and a
list of all the games you've recently
played is is right there under your
profile picture look up if you go to
your profile menu and that's that's how
you can find out how many hours you
haven't game I don't think it starts
counting until you're like over 15 or 10
or something really like I'm playing
Isaac on the switch now because of
fucking course I am and it doesn't show
how many hours I have an Isaac yet but I
think I'm still under 10 can we cut in
game footage from the room yes we could
but then people are going to enjoy
watching that they're not saying the
thing we're talking about it's important
yeah
here part of part of the the upside of
doing a video game review show unlike
you know like for example what what Jane
might do with half in the bag is we can
cut to specific examples of the things
we're talking about yeah and I love that
actually we'll get to Phoenix in a
second sorry
we're just going to talk about the
episode for a little bit
thanks Griffin thanks for coming I I
watched your old game station episodes
because you know cuz we had that little
right the little joke I watched them
horrible your old game station well I
you know me I love I love the set and I
love the setup yeah yeah
but Jay and Mike were editing those and so
they didn't they they just used random
gameplay footage as you were talking
about it they didn't cut to the specific
gameplay footage and oh I was watching
that just going cut he's talking about
the shotgun fucking cut to him using the
shotgun they're not gamers right right
right now gamers right and so that's
part of the things we have we have the
opportunity I record all this gameplay
footage just so we can specifically show
it to talk about it did you post the
review here on Twitch also no I guess we
could twitch does allow you to upload
videos now yeah I'm just not doing that
is that something you guys would want is
that something you guys would want
people might stumble on us who have no
idea about our YouTube stuff or even red
letter media stuff that's true
oh also speaking of watching old game
station episodes uh-huh watching I want
to say it's in the was the first one
Skyward Sword was that's the first
episode okay what was your number in
game station 682 it was unit 603 idiots
603 idiot yeah you didn't know that
that's one of our that's one of our
reference switch users I didn't know it
was a reference to you on gaming
stations but it just so happens to be in
the Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword
episode that might goes
unit yeah Mike calls her unit 603 idiot
and I said oh my god I thought that was
great
you know our viewers know more
references than I do
so many references
what kind of Arlen fan am i a mild one
the thing he's not a fan he's a he's a
friend I have not seen every single
thing our alum has ever produced yeah
yeah that's just that's just true where
did I get the bee in my bonnet shirt I
subscribe to the they might be giants
newsletter email newsletter and they
offer to be a limited run bee in your
bonnet t-shirt and you know what it's no
longer for sale and I love my bee in
your bonnet t-shirt subscribe to the VAE
Might Be Giants newsletter also I
realized that for previously recorded I
wore two they might be giants in a row
ya know where my flood one yeah I wore
my B my bonnet one I have another one
you're flying your flag Jack I got one
more They Might Be Giants shirt I might
wear it next episode just to keep the
trilogy up I got I got a sciences real
shirt you do that Jack and I might you
do that I don't know what the fuck the
next one's gonna be what I don't know
what the fuck the next one's gonna be
right I'm so burnt out I'm so fucking
burnt out I need I need a full day of of
watching TV and movies before I can even
think about playing a video game again
leave this mute mute this Oh
mute this hey guys we're mute arm
ice-rich wants us to mute the mic ready
and we're back okay now we now we have a
plan hold hold on for one moment I need
to I need to set a quick release I'm
gonna mute it again
okay and we're back again the stream has
officially jumped to the sharp after the
shark the sharp shark
abso-fucking-lutely all rise
continue that wrinkle had we find those
mics
it was so fucking weird we rich and I
sat down we were already start stream
all right let's start streaming and
their mics were not here these
microphones and it was very confusing so
they were used for something else
recently exclamation exclamation point
wet as is one of my favorite a heck but
that wet ass is smooth as butter ah
that's great solid delivery I thank you
crime doesn't end of steel your tip
money if you stream your games they
won't steal our tip money and they won't
steal our twitch ad revenue but they
will steal our YouTube revenue for when
it gets cut up for your team yeah okay
from save points I guess
oh I think I'm or the judge was Sean
Connery if I remember correctly look up
the court Sean Connery
yay hello there that's Sean Connery hold
on I'm gay I'm finding it I'm finding
him Monday morning I got a feel I got
him I got your did no wrong that's true
why don't you want to do that bow and
get to know me well hello there money
bunny Court is now in session for the
trial of mr. willpower prosecution is
ready your honor
I forgot that increments from it so it's
gonna be uncertain the defense is ready
your honor
very well mr. Edgeworth your opening
statement please
the prosecution will show the court that
at 2:30 p.m. on October 15th defended
mr. will powers killed fellow actor jack
hammer in studio one global studios and
as possible for anyone else to have it
is this genious crime impossible
possible right of course the evidence
presented during the trial will
wallplate to this fact your honor
very good I'd like to move on to some
testimony mr. eckworth the prosecution
may call its first witness that
jean-marie that Sean Connery is so bad
you could claim that as a wholly
original voice oh great then I than it
is it's like it's it's Sean Connery
doing a Bain impression well I'm old man
Bain
maybe that's words from Graham
very well why I call the most familiar
face detective Sonny burns to the stand
detective you would briefly describe
this case to the court yes sir I'll
explain the guide map here to understand
this case it's important to grasp the
layout of the studio see see here this
is the employee area ok the actors that
are run-through of the action scenes
during the morning here this is the maid
gate to the studios the security lady
that works at the studios was there at
1:00 p.m. on the day of the crime which
does not pay what doesn't pay crying oh
sure that's true they couldn't read that
last those are best past that of the
studios and here it is studio one mmm
this is the scene of the murder where
the body was found
I freaked you now on the day of the
murder October 15th there were only
three people here the victim jackhammer
I just got that the defendant like my
powers are you saying you just got that
his name kind of sounds like a tool for
busting up concrete that is exactly what
I'm saying yes your honor did you also
get that will powers is kind of like the
human in the human ability to endure
well oh my god do you get that I I did
now you rata it's pretty great the
defendant will powers and a young woman
the production assistant all the
production staff were in the employee
area until noon then after lunch the
victim Jack Hanna oh look the little V
went over there one Jack Hanna went to
studio one
right after that and 1:00 p.m. the
security lady got to the god station now
jump ahead to late that day 5 p.m. the
production staff came to studio 1 to
perform a rehearsal needless to say the
rehearsal was canceled the time the
death was 2:30 p.m. the samurais spear
as its so called
found lodged in the victims chest was
the murder weapon
hmm that's the case in brief in my
briefs any would like to hear that again
listen to that whole thing again
do we need do we need to pay attention
this time really you know I got it you
got it I think I can probably remember
that yes so the murder weapon was a
spear how medieval I've been drinking
samurais beer added to the court record
your honor
yeah Your Honor this case is quite
simple if you ask one question and that
question is what did the security lady
at the Guard Station see understood
watch call this security officer up to
the stand
excuse me could I talk to the detective
who's already on the stand about his
testimony no because I'm pretty sure
that's how it works
look we're just going straight to the
security lady all right he's Oh cause
like I could have asked that gar or the
the officer some questions you know
will the witness declare her name
aren't you a handsome fellow when we
thank you very flattering we'll get you
everywhere I'm afraid I'm a bit
flustered your your name please ma'am
I'm very very upset Oh Deary no need for
you to be embarrassed just call me
grandma your name please ma'am
seems Edgeworth has a bit of trouble
getting his witnesses to say their name
windy old big Deary
Wendy old big oh yeah you see I still
the other children would make fun of me
believe it but ready Roberta the captain
suggested he called me an old banger
describe me objection objection I object
to the witness witness is talkative this
III didn't press any buttons there by
the way she just kept on the object in
ships danger Jesus Christ shut that
bitch up the witness will refrain from
rambling on the stand I was just getting
to the good part dear perhaps we can get
to the testimony now the witness was
stationed at the main gate on the day of
the murder correct yes and to get to the
scene of the matter someone would have
to pass by you oh you know your stuff do
you
you may be gained you're attached about
him she sure is one hell of an old
moaning okay all right all right all the
day of the murder
I arrived at the Guard Station at 1:00
p.m.
poor old hammer and the rest had been
doing their run-throughs there since the
morning I well I had some errands to run
that morning you know anyway it was
around one o'clock when I got to the
Guard Station I was at the main gate is
from main gate from then until five
o'clock now the murder happened at 2:30
p.m. right interesting to me because a
certain man walked right by me at 2:00
p.m. it was powers that man right there
and he was headed towards the studio you
saw the defendant then very well I guess
he's guilty all done here okay
cross-examination presser I think I
think we can always press okay let's do
it
so up until that time anyone who wanted
to go into the studio well there wasn't
a security guard at the gate no Oh
interest about the main gate was logged
Deary you'd need an employee guard key
to get in all right
the car key that I have what she's
saying is no one who wasn't supposed to
be there could get him was there anyone
at the studios when you arrived at the
guard station like already there right
ball rolled hammer and the rest had been
doing a run through this since the
morning a run through what does that
mean I've never heard this expression
before they were working out a scene
between the steno samurai in the evil
they got the basics figured out by noon
and we to use the afternoon for practice
rehearsal was supposed to start at 5
o'clock that's why the poor old hammer
went to studio one in the afternoon I
was in his dressing room sleeping when
he was supposed to be practicing talk
about a laid-back hero if there was he
run through in the morning why did you
only get there after noon hey I'm well I
had some errands to run that morning
what kind of errands oh well you know no
what kind of errands actually I was
watching Paul hammer and powers
observing you know observing weren't you
supposed to be at the Guard Station but
whatever I told you I lock the gate ghin
died I did my job
Sonny so I'm not sure your boss would
see it that way anyway I always watch
hammers run-throughs
never missed one in all my years Wow I
want to see steel Samurai run through -
why the fuck am I here bad idea
no not a bad idea my get out goodbye
anyways it was one o'clock when I got to
the guard station
did you see the victim then did I see
poor old Haman OOP he'd already been
gone at the studio before I got back to
the Guard Station jealous would he have
been next I was at the main gate
from then until five o'clock I assure
you I'm just not seeing anything shag
ohad if you're not seeing any video but
hearing us that's weird
if you don't see your stream just
refresh hit refresh on the thing we are
streaming let's see so you were watching
there the whole time no breaks not even
for a second
no girls oh yeah but professional you
know except for when I leave to watch
hot sweaty men roll around besides that
totally professional or are you
criticizing how I do my job woman's
never know it's just after seeing you
eating those donuts in the guard station
yesterday oh I can watch the gate and
eat donuts at the same time snip a
wrapper
that's not how it goes
old windbags losing it Nick why don't
you raise an objection so the witness
was on duty through the afternoon the
whole time very well what did you see
now the murder happened at 2:30 p.m.
right how did you know that
that overdressed young detectives over I
fed him some donuts and he talked and
talked if you ask me that detective
isn't cut out for his job hey Sonny
Bonds is in the back of the court just
eating doughnuts hmm poor detective
gumshoe getting ratted out by a security
guard can we look at our inventory at
any point here we can present evidence
well I don't think we have anything I
don't know what we have to present I
don't remember what we have in our
inventory it's been a few days we have
the autopsy report we have the guide man
we cannot look at it it's a sealed
envelope time of death at 2:30 peers
through the chest nice for you look your
everything I just when I'm sure over
here we'll start over on okay here
so the autopsy report the guide map okay
the card key we have
the powers is photo taken from the gate
between the entrance of the studios and
oh the samurai spear what was in the
photo remember that's the can't get a
closer look at it
today that shows him it doesn't show his
face and it shows him all dressed up
okay but it does show someone with the
spear and spear that's what we got a
close-up of that phone was it the same
spirit maybe no wait check now there we
go yeah
where are our notes in my in my head
here are your notes alright let's let's
show this photo shows them with the mask
on right yes anybody can be in that mask
let's present you want to present it I
want to present the photo okay let me
get this straight old bag or mrs. old
bugger
you've been saying since yesterday that
you saw mr. powers correct but you're
talking about the man in this photo
aren't you or just a moment mr. right
how dare you present counter evidence in
a trial what kind of business is this
let me see that photo what is this
exactly well your honor it's a still
image it's when when light is reflected
through a lens on something we call a
negative removing of a jaw yeah what
kind of security station would have
still cameras would wouldn't it be far
more efficient to have a moving camera I
mean you're a movie studio right none
other than the steel samurai defender of
neo old Tokyo mrs. old bag is this the
mr. powers that you saw of course didn't
your mama teach you any sense sunny Oh
anyone can plainly see that's powers
right there no no the kid mm-hmm Phoenix
um well I mean I I wonder if maybe if
you squint true mr. powers does play the
role of Steve
samurai but that doesn't mean mr. powers
is the steel samurai hmm I know that I
wasn't born yesterday this Court is
accusing you yo your wrinkles have
wrinkles motherfucker
he's having trouble calling her old bag
apparently however you do not have proof
that the person in the photo
there's mr. powers duel you will powers
I'm turning southern my judges turning
summers go with it just go with the oil
boom knows the old man I'm the judge you
can't treat me like this
I have all the power of oh of course I
have proved what huh even eggs worth is
surprised the prosecution would like to
ask the old the witness please make
known all the information in your
possession ahead of time ma'am how was I
supposed to know everyone would be so
nosy you should be ashamed all of you I
mean how was I supposed to know yours
was that yeah you asked me questions
they showed that photo to the young
detective he told me this isn't any good
this isn't any good as evidence pal he
didn't even give it a second look Wow
old windbag has left even Edgeworth
speechless she's good
that's here your proof then Oh
I never say anything I don't mean mind
you that morning during the run-through
of the action scene I saw powers trip
and fall he broke one of the props it
was a big mess ooh
apparently he sprained his ankle pretty
bad now look at that picture you can see
he's dragging his legs he see clear as
day you know it's really hard to tell
that it would be great if this picture
was moving if this was this was a moving
picture we could clearly see him drag
his leg but this is a still image that's
how I knew it was powers happy hmm so he
had a sprained his ankles
very well mr. right you may
cross-examine the witness sure I
cross-examine how do I say bullshit in
legal terms is that just a thing I can
do bullshit the man in the photo okay
cross-examination
I never say anything I don't mean mind
you what we can press woman's ever I'll
have you know I'm not pointing fingers
at anyone behind their bags everything
I've said is on the straight and narrow
the up-and-up
yesterday is enough to make an old woman
want to cry mr. right please for all our
sakes try not to upset the witness
I think Edgeworth hasn't met his match
that moaning during the run-through of
the action scene what are you thinking
keep pressing he wasn't there in the
morning he showed up late who was late
he no no they they had the run-through
of the action scene anymore okay and
remember she wasn't out running errands
she was watching the run-through in the
morning when was she running the errand
from the morning friends were supposed
to be at 5:00 right
no there's the earlier practice that was
nearly he didn't know he was he got
there at like 9:00 he was late wasn't he
no well okay you wrote in your new wrote
in the note she wrote came at will came
at 9:00 will will came 9:00 to 12:00
yes that was early practice what was it
five five was the second practice Oh
5:00 p.m. 5:00 p.m. okay okay so he was
there 9:00 to 12:00 old bag got to her
post at 1:00 okay okay we'll press
around this yeah
who was present at the run-through well
let's see there's powers he's the steel
samurai the poor old hammer the evil
magistrate and me and what exactly were
you doing oh god I don't want to know if
it's anything rude I don't want to know
observing just observing making mental
notes what about the assistant
oh she was off moving backdrops around
and such so she didn't see the
run-through then I saw powers trip and
fall trip and fall yes and to think he's
supposed to be the steel samurais he's a
fucking actor love so so powers sprained
his ankle I helped make it better for
him of course you helped make it better
what where am I I suffer from dementia
like kissed it where it hurt you know
like a boo boo I kissed it I kissed his
ankle nothing weird about that rich
nothing weird about that mmm
okay let's just go move on god please no
don't talk about it
where was the assistant then no she was
cleaning up backdrops I think she didn't
know about powers angled you may
continue your testimony he broke one of
the props it was a big mess which
property break the spear zero that was
used to stab ya should we present ya ya
ya present this fear
this evidence clearly reveals a
contradiction in your statement your
honor how exactly are the evidence and
the statement and how does it Ramu
they aren't are they Oh what maybe we
got a presser first to get maybe we
gotta have her confirm that it was the
steel samurai spear that broke right
it's okay it's okay
one down one down press he broke one of
the props it was a big mess we were just
premature always press first rate he
broke up her up
all right now your honor
we were we were ahead of the game right
his own samurais spear his samurai spear
the murder weapon luckily I was there
with my two missed ranks me as soon as a
significant detail I'd better write this
down in the court record we examine that
further in the court record yes
apparently he sprained his ankle pretty
I'm not gonna present I'm just gonna
look at this stuff yeah
apparently oh no I can't look at it
closer because I'm presenting all right
all right
apparently he sprained his ankle pretty
bad was mr. powers his ankle badly
sprained cuz there's no tape on that
thing can we go back yeah as soon as
we're done with this bring up okay not
so bad that he couldn't walk around he
went to his dressing room to rest up
after lunch with us the nap yes the nap
anyway I saw him dragging his foot when
he walked dragging his foot okay
oh you think we've heard enough
the murders yeah breaking the shaft has
been mended with duct tape so the murder
weapon was fixed with duct tape okay
okay you haven't we you runner I don't
know you're the lawyer I just listened
to the shit hey there's one thing that
bothers me which is where is the steel
samurai costume now you know where I'm
not really actually well duh
yeah we couldn't find it we're looking
though somewhere hmm
okay he's guilty anyway that's not
important yeah yeah right it's important
is that the the defendant is absolutely
100% guilty
you're probably right I mean we don't
need you know the outfit that the
murderer was wearing that covered up his
face and body that would be silly oh
wait did you
the witness did see the steel samurai
yes yeah it is clear that the person in
the steel samurai suit was mr. powers
that is not clear hmm I suppose that's
no can I present again
then we lose are you sure your honor
objection well what are you gonna
present
what's the other photo with the guide
map let's look at it let's look at him
body was a studio one yeah our guys in
the dressing room deal samurai walk by
walk by the gate when a camera saw him
in the studio one what I think we need
to do is once again present the photo
okay as our objection okay because you
know the on the honor the the judge is
saying that yep we have all the evidence
that he's the yeah right and it's like
no all right try it all right I'm gonna
object I want to go back to her
testimony and poke around hold it if it
will let us I don't know if we can hold
it right there
we keep talking possibilities but we
have to agree that that photo shoot that
this photo shows the steel samurai
nowhere in this photo can we see mr.
will powers oh sure yeah yes that's
right okay yeah totally true I also
wonder if someone else not caught on
camera could have killed mr. hammer hey
there's a ton of holes in this case we
have to consider that possibility also
then allow me each remove the doubt from
your mind your honor
oh shit or snaps right well the witness
continued her testimony please uh no
need to ask twice
the time of Paul hammers death was 2:30
p.m. drew the only person I saw go to
the studio before then was will powers
this is just testimony we can't press
rounds did anyone else leave we can't
press it right now okay
know what else went there if they had I
would have seen anyone they don't have
any photos of anyone leaving yeah hmm so
if no one else went to the studio then
it would have to be this steel samurai
who did it mr. right you may
cross-examine the witness okay the time
before hams death was 2:30 p.m. true we
ready press room oh oh it's the same
testimony press it anyway
I believe that she's just gonna say that
I know I didn't know I gave no yeah okay
then after some rubbish about being up
and oh this is new and then after some
rubbish about it being a secret pal he
told me everything
I see detective gumshoe shares his
fellow officers fondness for doughnuts
the only person I saw go to the studio
before then was willpower's Chris are
you absolutely sure
Oh quite quite sunny nobody suspicious
looking passed by at all about
unsuspicious looking no one else went
there press
what about before you got to the guard
station that's what we're looking for us
what we're looking for you need to fall
one o'clock why everyone was in the
employee area before then and now I
locked the main gate so no one could get
in present the cart not to mention if
they had I would have seen them present
the card this evidence clearly remember
this is not they had I would have seen
them are you sure the witness has
answered the question anyone anyone
going into the studio had to pass by the
witness that's right Sonny who you let
him have it
edgy boy rich keeps fucking up yes I do
I'm sorry
old weed big sure he has balls well you
know I mean tits you're a thinking of
tits I guess old windbags have a way of
skipping over important details after
all I'm still here something for you to
look forward to perhaps haha cuz he'll
be old one day and then you'll die then
I'll be in living peace or I'll die
either way I'm in full-on trying to
crack this case no Jack I got no time no
brother I got enough from the time for
witty May a dialog the time of Paul Hamm
his death was 2:30 p.m. yes okay we can
agree to that yes the only person I saw
go to the studio between then we already
pressed this will powers but should we
continue to present what 2% what the
picture there's she's saying the only
person I saw was will powers when we
have no evidence all right well perhaps
you're for it
hold on look at this photograph one more
time this photo was taken by the camera
at the gate for the studio's correct
this reasoning so whenever anyone passes
by here it automatically takes a picture
and here I thought you didn't do your
head from the hole in the ground alright
anyway
it's also true that the computer at the
guard station records all security cam
data oh you know if you wanted to work
at the studio we might have an opening
goo that very computer printed out this
photo note that on the back of the photo
are printed the words October 15th 2
o'clock p.m. photo number 2 even I know
that means it was taken at 2:00 p.m. on
October the 15th really sunny actually I
know that too the issue here is the bit
at the end where it says the computer
only held data for one photo on that day
don't you think that's odd shouldn't
this photo be photo number one if it
really was the only photo oh please tell
the court what you mean by this mr.
right actually well it's very simple you
see one comes before two right only this
photo is number two haha there should be
a number one it lost me again
you should know I failed numbers the
number class actually I want to ask the
witness this evidence shows that not one
but two people went to the studio that
day yet there is only one there's only
data for one of the photos also by the
way if this security camera yeah
takes pictures of everyone it's a motion
sensor shouldn't they have like every
one coming in that morning fifteen
pictures of all the people all the time
like hey this is when they went in for
rehearsal this is when they left for a
rehearsal this is when will powers and
and jackhammer got there for the
beginning rehearsal yes
who could have erased the data for the
other photo only someone with access the
security lady herself
watch your mouth move is never the only
person I saw that day was will powers
but the camera on the gate fired twice
that means two people who went by well
yes that's that's what it would seem to
mean hmm and the witness explained this
to the court no I don't understand these
newfangled computer things isn't as well
I had an abacus as a child we use that
we don't know what that means but
believe me I I want to but I I don't
know what this means either I also
failed grade school math Oh some help
you lied you did dickhead oh you broke
her Jack your broker could work
whippersnapper something the matter miss
old bugger
oh that's right I I just
oh it just happened let me guess someone
else passed by the gate other than the
steel samurai well yes I suppose you
could put it that way
Oh rub her rub her rump
here's damn old bitch this could have
been an easy morning for me I have a
nice sandwich waiting you've made this
so difficult every day after I finished
my guard duties I have one other
important job to do I go through the
photos recorded on the security computer
and check them I throw out any photos
that an suspicious-looking now come to
think of it now I remember throwing out
one photo that day this is all bad this
is the first day I've heard about this I
want of course on it I only just
remembered it you can't keep up with me
right anyway mr. right please begin the
cross-examination well I'd say this is a
turn for the unexpected but I kind of
expected this because my psychic powers
told me it was gonna happen every day
after I finished by god it is I have one
other important job to do another job
I've heard of this job thing before what
could you describe it for me who is sure
well it's a it's a series of services
that you do in exchange for goods a
currency check all the people that pass
by the main gate that day I look closely
and every one of the photos that the
security camera takes
you back up all of the old security
camera dater well they keep telling me
to yes but those computers are just so
frustrating I throw out any photos that
answers vicious-looking you see presser
on that how exactly do you determine
what isn't suspicious-looking oh you see
I can tell by looking at the faces for
the most part this is a murder trial
mrs. old beggar well I didn't touch that
suspicious-looking willpower's photo did
I think she's missing a point word come
to think of it now I remember throwing
out one photo that day well a fanboy of
who steals a mirai fanboys real freaks
if you ask me they get information about
the rehearsals from gosh knows where
they're always hanging about one was
there that day oh wait a second didn't
you just say no one else could get in I
locked the main gate so no one could get
in those were your words oh well I guess
I didn't tell you the truth or any bit
of the truth gotta go if you must know
there's a drain that goes into the
employee area
the grade has been loose for a while it
leads outside and well that's where they
come in they came in through the drain
I told you they were freaks oh and and
the kids children whippersnappers kids
so harm the photo that let's all
remember for the court record that you
erased about someone who was on the
premises that you lied about as a kid it
is a boy probably second to third grade
what let me get this straight
you saw two people pass by the gate on
their way to the studios that day one
was the steel samurai dragging his leg
the other was a boy who looked to be
about second or third grade oh yes well
we see his type there every day can't
stop him
gantetsu boy in second or third grade
hmm I assumed it would be hard if not
impossible for a young boy to wield the
samurai spear impossible I think it's
quite heavy looks quite heavy all right
as I said I didn't pay him much mine
that's why I raised the data I'm Nick
what's going on we're in a courtroom for
a murder trial Maya oh do you remember
that this is what we do for work you pay
me oh shit
I mean the boy was there that makes him
a suspect they're ready trying to
unsuspecting this Court will take a
five-minute recess
I want the defense and the prosecution
to consider this new information and no
forgetting vital information this time
it's it's this I and I know that this is
a game but it's so fucked up where it's
just like we're hit were the the entire
prosecution is hinged on the testimony
of a witness who's been proven to lie
yes based off of circumstantial evidence
like I saw a guy in a costume limp yes
even if she was a trustworthy witness
that wouldn't get anyone convicted I
don't it's okay I know I know it's it's
it's the equivalent of encyclopedia
brown mystery as a kid's detective thing
okay
oh my god mr. powers yes
tell me tell me straight were you really
in your dressing room
you didn't go to the studio hey I didn't
go to the studio
I was sleeping honest yeah so who was
this feel samurai you've had security
photo how should I know
Bob still samurai costume was off for
the corner of the dressing room anyone
could have walked in and taken it really
what you should take better care of that
stuff I couldn't imagine anyone would
want to steal a steel samurai costume I
know nothing of eBay and nerds and the
value of screen-used props I'm really
I'm a moron so where does this leave me
it doesn't look good sniff
you're the only likely suspect right now
what are we going to do first we play
for more time we'll start targeting
someone else that could conceivably have
done this right it'll take them so long
to shoot us down that we can get another
date all right but if we pick the wrong
person we might lose on the spot yeah
you don't sound very optimistic
should I hire a better lawyer you
couldn't afford a better lawyer you're a
bit player on a children's show actually
I don't I don't believe we ever talked
about salary oh right now you've been
doing this free I'm going to need some
of those screen-used props I'm pretty
good at eBay good work good work hey
Nick hey listen all right let's go okay
so we need to are know it what does that
mean
please don't sigh like that sniff so our
job right now is to try to find a
plausible second or just into the light
we need to get this delayed right yeah
well but he said like we need to start
pointing fingers at a plausible second
suspect yes so I'm thinking if we go
after the old lady that's gonna be a
no-go
I think the plausible second suspect is
the assistant yes okay Court will now
reconvene for the trial of mr. will
powers miss ed Worth will you present
the prosecution's thought well why would
you rule out the old lady though as a
possible suspect we've met we've had too
much just we had too much time with her
in the game yeah and so I think she's
the obvious red herring okay you know
let's see here that's your your your
Metta reason my Metta reason is she's
the obvious red herring and so we if we
point the fingers at her she can also
then defend herself in court right which
means we're not going to get the delay
that we want no wrong the assistant
didn't know about the ankle
do we know she didn't know well let's
see what it let's see what happens okay
the prosecution's thoughts on
prosecution's thoughts are simple
nothing has changed except for all of
the testimony who was wrong apparently
and we learned new information but yeah
you're right nothing has changed the
other person who went to the studios was
a boy of roughly 10 years of age photo
we hit we do have may not be hard
evidence okay but there is still no one
else that could have committed this
crime I call for a verdict of guilty for
the defendant mr. willpower's mmm that
sounds reasonable I like that I like
that let's go with that mr. right you
cool with that
the defense disagrees will the press
that was the judge in the background
shit
will the do oh yeah I disagree
there is another person who could have
committed this crime order interesting
let us hear who you have in mind however
be aware that this Court does not look
kindly on accusing the innocent if you
accuse someone who is obviously innocent
I'm saying the old lady you will be
penalized
well those just maybes maybe we have
options so hold on so who was this
person
other than mr. powers that could have
committed the murder
okay security lady you know if we if we
need a reason to accuse them we have no
reason to accuse the assistant no
there's no motive right well the old
lady she did erase the fucking security
tapes we're not looking for what we're
looking for is who can who has a strong
alibi for where they were during the
time of the murder was the old lady's
alibi she saw the photo
on the camera get a game logic this
isn't real life life well if she were
the murderer she would be lying about
that of course I'm saying accused the
old lady I'm not gonna read the chat
don't read the chat right now I'm not
reading the chat I would go with the old
lady yeah
yes there's no good reason to suspect
the assistant not that she couldn't have
done it nothing I have seen in this game
points the finger at her right but the
old lady has been so adamant but let you
know that's exactly why I think we
should accuse her the what the game
takes her testimony as law and so she's
just gonna say I was in the booth old
lady it's the old lady I will go with
the old lady
I will begrudgingly go with the old lady
okay the security lady it was the
security lady who and the old bugger the
steel samurai is dragging his leg in
this picture that means whoever was in
the suit knew about that morning's
injury maybe because they had been
watching the action scene run-through
there was only one person other than
powers and Hammer who knew about the
injury the security lady old big what is
this true old Big Buddha big that's
missile big to you
missile the big bag bag Miss old bag was
standing guard alone at the main gate
she was by herself in other words she
has no alibi
she could have briefly left her post to
steal the scene steel samurai costume
then slipped into studio one the scene
of the
well why would she go through the
trouble of wearing the steel samurai
first how did you get to be a judge that
the the robe or that I'm currently
wearing the judge robe fits me perfectly
that's how they decide the judge in this
world I was walking down the street and
I said oh look at this robe and it fit
me perfectly so I'm the judge simple
your honor
she knew the camera at the gate would
take her picture
if she was in his costume she could
point the finger at mr. powers I see oh
okay sure that makes a shocking amount
of sense that's that's odd and this is
the part where I draw r j--
pounces I don't hear you like jump up
with an objection and some damning new
evidence well does the prosecution have
an opinion on this matter yeah you know
prosecution yeah we have no meaningful
objections at this time I think I'm just
gonna roll over on this one oh well that
makes this court case very simple all
right
Oh what wasn't that supposed to be mean
oh so you all think I did it is that it
eighty boy don't you sit there do
something fresh further you think what
well good why not literally why not okay
so the whole point of this is to buy us
time yes to gather more evidence because
she probably isn't the suspect as you
probably just need someone to push us
right give granny a break give we give
get granny a break then it still casts a
shadow of a doubt
maybe maybe what do you think rich give
me give me reading the chats don't
listen to me everyone saying always
press do not give her a break yeah sure
I see that the very same reasoning that
makes mr. powers a suspect in this case
can be used to cast doubt on miss old
bag actions on that day hold on before
you read yeah Tiberius Kirk instead of
saying there's literally no logic to
giving her a break yes
here is some because if we press and she
actually does have some kind of
reasonable things she can say yeah to
put the heat off her that would ruin our
stalling tactic right if having this go
another day the the my logic is not in
game logic my logic is trying to solve
the game logic like I'm saying I would
worry about pressing further and then oh
look she's got a logical excuse
somewhere in there oh so now it's back
to mr. Poe oh no what if we let off it
cast was there is there was a logical
reason not to yeah but why would I do
something so all of them to pull hammer
you forget that mr. powers lacks a clear
motive to hmm maybe if somebody should
have brought this up earlier yeah I'm
not a good judge I didn't judge that
that did it
no windbag
one of the suspects no hard feelings I
hope
oh wait just a minute what about the
other person who went to the studio the
boy the one whose photo I erased he's a
kid that doesn't matter when when I was
that age I could pin my old men in ten
seconds tops
hmm do you want to pin me later
little little lamb we have another
wrestling match even
Gino suave says even if you give her a
break the game just makes you press her
it doesn't matter what you choose oh
that's kind of that's kind of a letdown
that is kind of a lot yeah that should
be that should be a win-lose yeah that
boy is not the killer
Oh what how could you be so sure Oh or
is it or is it be nice to the kids and
mean to your elders de Rosas Evans I
have proof
wait would you what I I didn't know we
have proof a proof oh I like proof
sometimes so most of the times I don't
need it though I'll prosecute anyone
oh if you have proof that shows the boy
could not code what I have proof I can't
we we should we should never be
presenting evidence you know when it's
not us presenting the evidence I'm gonna
go with a key card maybe or the phone
didn't have a key card the kid didn't
have a key card what does the autopsy
report say I can't look at this probably
the key card I'm gonna guess the key
card anybody could have left the key
card the boy couldn't have used this
Bureau you can pick that up anyone can
pick up this beer
you can pick up a spear okay boy didn't
have a keycard don't work go for a
keycard this is a group effort the scene
of the murder as we all know was studio
one however you need a card key to enter
Studio One how could a boy with no
formal relation to the studio's have a
card key to the Train no no remember
even we were blocked off from Studio One
okay after we got through the main game
okay okay even we were blocked off until
we swiped that card key let's see what
happens I see well could the witness
care to comment on this hmm
the windbag speechless this has got to
be a first very well that's it alright
great okay okay this Court will suspend
proceedings on the current trial for
today mr. Edgeworth please find out more
about your witness miss windy what was
it what was it who something old big
your honor then the prosecution will
look further into this old bag before we
continue that round is called adjourned
you only get one day to prepare though
because you know what's your verse
because we're still dickheads I'm moving
wait a second I'm not going to just sit
here while he run off barking up the
wrong tree of me I'm talking now great
stop the presses
that windbag wants to talk
this old bag what is this all about have
you omitted something again
have you forgotten another thing well
actually if you must know there's
something I was told not to talk about
not to talk about my whom you mean it
wasn't Edgeworth who told her not to
talk Oh what
well shit bitch start talking also yes
Molly right the gavel has already been
struck usually that's like the signifier
that's the signifier global Studios
warned me to keep quiet about something
there were some other people at the
studios on the day of the murder
they said they had nothing to do with it
see so they told me just to pretend they
hadn't been at the studio that day but
if you're going to accuse me I'm not
letting them get away scot-free
this old bag this is crucial information
why did you keep this from the court
until now had you been listening it's
why the fuck not rules don't matter here
I won't give in to trouble witness the
power of the old bag mr. right your
cross-examination I guess we're in
overtime for this court apparently it
works all right that leaves four sealed
gloden Studios wanted me to keep quiet
about some fresh rocket cars so you were
told not to talk that's right by the
studios and the TV bigwigs no less why
didn't I hear about this I'm so angry
don't be too hard on yourself Sonny
we're all in on it there were some other
people at the studio the day of the
murder who were these people
well the director the producer for
starters look the director we should
have known something was fishy how could
they have done a run-through of their
action scene without a director I mean
it's just common sense oh boy really
dropped the ball on that one
now that who say it makes perfect sense
but honestly these are kids show
sometimes you just need to point a
camera in the general direction of
something shiny well yes I was surprised
no one asked about it so where were
these people the director was in the
employee area all morning for the
run-through he joined the producer
around lunchtime and they had a meeting
after that we're Oh in the studio to
trailer so studio two there was a studio
too well if you look at the guide map
here it is you know that area you
weren't allowed to go into earlier in
the game that area with the invisible
wall oh I'm sorry the tree that had
fallen down to keep you from that area
until you got to this point in the story
you go through the gate ah that's what
the monkey had fallen over that's right
well mr. Wright would you like to
continue the cross-examination
I think I've already asked my questions
but yeah sure more information we get
the better right
they said they had nothing to do with it
see miss old bag
this is a trial for murder I know that
silly I forgot I was doing her voice for
a second yeah still they were pretty
convincing about having nothing to do
with it and they gave me a little bonus
on the side bitch don't brag I are you
saying that you were bribed for
falsifying your testimony in the court
of law
because that is very illegal you should
know that so you've got bonus and you
still yeah what she's doing is
incredibly yeah I think I've asked all
the questions about it oh you fuck yeah
continue write global studios wanted me
to keep quiet about something chat I'm
glancing at the chat now and then but we
are trying to avoid spoilers for one the
game people telling us what the right
thing to do is oh yeah yeah people who
actually know the game don't you and no
I am NOT playing Mass Effect Andromeda
on the side I'm not playing it on the
stream I am not playing it out of train
I am not playing it on a boat I would
not play it anywhere could could someone
please exclamation point mass effect for
us I already have many times it's not
sinking in yeah we're not weird I am
done with the fucking series it's a
corpse and you know we do know that some
of you in chat are playing along with us
and want to give us like you want us to
give us a hint not a hint like cuz you
don't know the answer either but some
people do know the answer and just we
don't know we don't know who's who we
don't know who's just trying to help and
who's giving us an answer so
or what do you what do you have to
exclamation point is it exclamation
point
Mass Effect or Mass Effect Andromeda it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter alright
let's see I know I did one for Andromeda
oh maybe that's what it is I'm sure
there's one for Mass Effect though sure
no there's none for Mass Effect
apparently it's not one for Andromeda oh
there it is
there's hak5 it just took a quite a
little bit Thank You hack but so you
were told not to talk that's right by
the studio and the TV bigwigs Nunez why
didn't I hear about this
there were some other people oh do we
already go through all this this we did
I guess just asking you so we want to
rego through it okay hadn't been at the
studio that day but if you're going to
go accusing me I'm not letting them get
away scot-free
Nick I guess pressing her was the right
thing to do yeah we figured that out
Maya Thanks
thanks for helping it officially stopped
caring about tips no we're officially
playing a game where we're doing a lot
of talking oh my god as soon as we're
done with the fucking win we never write
so we can never win as soon as we're
done with this little courtroom scene
we'll take a little we'll take a little
tit break I could probably use a bottle
of water yeah as I'm doing many voices
this I didn't use a break too yeah and
that's what we'll take a little break
after the court stunts get as much
information as we can golden Studios
wanted me to keep quiet about something
there was some other people of the
studios on the day of the murder we did
that already
they said they had nothing to do with it
see miss old bag over here to do this
yeah yeah we already went through the
pit Paola continue cross-examination all
right those Studios wanted me to give
provide about something I ever did that
they were some other people at the
studios we know that
what do you cry we already did that what
can we present them tell me just to
pretend they hadn't been at the studio
that day so they were actually in the
studio yes the whole day when they heard
about the murder they beat it before the
cops came Rumble I'll kill this woman I
square it and rebirth we can still hear
you you're saying you're going to kill
someone is illegal
actually in this courtroom I thought
that was a conviction no fortunately I
am the antagonist so I am safe oke but
if you're gonna go cruising me not
letting them go away scot free them who
are these people
well the director the piers if it's out
is the director come on oh yeah we've
been through this all right okay great
we've been through all this
let's do know Jesus all right all right
he's your friendly rival more than your
antagonism he's the bet he's the bad guy
obviously he's not like you know out to
get us or anything but he is our
antagonist
okay is it letting a stop yes and by
good I mean we could press her with
something but she's already given us a
bunch of information and now we can take
a break and go do our investigative work
okay is what I believe it's time for I
believe we have been told everything we
need to be told your honor we have
learned there were others at global
studios on the day in question the
director and the producer and some
bigwigs we're all present yet as we
stand here they have not been questioned
I hold that as is impossible to declare
a verdict on the defendant mr. powers
that seems actually very reasonable
guilty all of the prosecution will
gather more information about the
witness's missile bang and more
information about these other people we
have just been told of all of which
didn't show up on camera well they're on
the other side of the camera they're
already in behind the game obviously
they showed up some time there that
morning or at some point in their lives
but we've already learned this camera
only takes photos after the crime
everyone inside the crime oh yeah their
security camera where she you know as
soon as she says I get rid of any non
suspicious photos I assume that man she
got rid of like 20 photos of people just
walking back and forth but knows you
only got rid of one photo this is the
worst security camera in the history of
security cam also the photo took a
picture of the kid who got in through
the drain why did it take a picture of
the kid who went into the drain because
he went in through the drain and not
through the game he I think he tried to
walk to the gate okay okay and couldn't
get in it's gonna be something going on
with a photo
well not when I haven't seen the last of
this I agree I understand your honor
this and the days preceding in the trial
of mr. willpower's that is all this
Court is adjourned
yeah there are two gates is like the
entrance gate and then there's the gate
to Studio One and the camera is by the
gate to Studio One okay okay okay we're
gonna take a little break I'm gonna get
some water yeah and we'll give you some
tips and then we'll do some tips we will
be back momentarily also we really
really can't win because that someone
one person just one person in the chat
said why are they playing this boring
game oh come on you can't make all the
people happy it's literally impossible
to make people happy was it I was in a
bit of a foul mood yeah ya know mostly
because I'm one yeah I mean I'm mentally
wiped and we were even discussing not
playing this game yeah because it's like
we're just kind of we're in a blah place
right this has picked me I love doing
voices and little doing detective work
some logic reasoning this is a fun game
you know before we take a boat before we
take a break
shoot you know let's get water okay well
I'm gonna charge charge up the old
that's a smart move charging the
charging cable is too short to like hold
comfortably while I'm on the couch
all right okay and first first things
first we're going right you see a
battery oh I see the case I'm gonna I'm
gonna pause this stream for a bit we're
gonna we're gonna run an ad we're gonna
pause the this stream hold on we're
gonna first I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
get rid of our camera boom we're gonna
get rid of the 3ds upper 3ds lower we're
gonna put the background back on and
then we'll be ripe oh yeah that looks
great and I love our we'll be right back
and then I'm gonna mute us and then
