Episode 073
If you fall out of an airplane
May 1, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1Kt6ojWlOg
___________________________________________

there's nothing after this no is so
fucking good okay Jim ready rich if if
you fell out of an airplane I'm like
falling out of an airflow structural
fault in the airplane though the roof
gets ripped off by the wind shear you
could you get sucked out over a water
park directly over a water park here's
my question
if you always come from if you landed
just a straight thought I had because I
had this conversation with Karen earlier
today sucks I'm sucked out of a plane
you over a water park and all something
like I kind of write myself and I see a
water park but beneath me you land I'm
like not not one of the the curvy kind
of water slides but the ones that go
just straight down that are built for
speed and they're very like 14 the
largest fucking water slide sure it has
the world record for the largest water
slide if you hit it perfectly like not
not like not like a foot before the
slope where you will crush yourself but
if you like kind of land down what the
slide is it's going down yeah well
you'll be fine
you won't or you'll be fine when you hit
assuming by the way assuming well let's
assume that the slide doesn't crack on
impact well yeah I'd like like like like
the slope or the slide is going like
this
sure and you you you land it like like
here you you're you're you're here right
well but I mean it's still like slightly
tilted right it's not a waterfall no
it's very slightly it'll vary sizes so
assuming it doesn't crack upon your
minimal impact you would still die
because the speed at which you hit the
bottom means you're gonna run into
concrete at some point but it's a
gradual thing though once you're once
you're on the slide it's it yeah but
you're assuming normal higher C you're
just taking it a little bit faster a
little I'm here taking it at terminal
velocity what's the difference terminal
velocity is about 119 or so okay what is
the fastest water like what speeds do
you get to on a waterslide oh that's the
difference like what I don't know and
here's the thing I I'm about to look it
up but I'm guessing you don't go over
thirty forty miles per hour I'm gonna
bet I'm gonna bet you this okay let's
see you're at you're you're hitting that
slide out way faster than you were meant
to okay I'm looking this up right now
I'm going to look up world's fastest
waterslide okay
that's a great question rich but I'm
going to assume well that's a great
question I think that's a fine question
rich it's a fine question and you know
like you might not die because you know
at the end I and the bright lines there
is a big pool of water and that water
will slow you you're gonna break
anything getting a broken leg Oh - is is
far better than getting a broken
everything that's true
hey stop it stop it
where's that sound coming from god damn
it turn sound up oh god stop it
okay world's fastest waterslide world's
fastest water side okay yeah yeah
world's fastest waterslide fast only two
people have ever gone down it okay so
significantly faster than any other
waterslide so how long a fast terminal
velocity you think I think it's about a
hop 180 probably varies depending how
fat you are what you're wearing your
what your how wide you are right right
wind resistance will wind resistance or
velocity for those who don't know is the
fastest you can fall when drin when wind
resistance equalizes it alright I think
it's somewhere around 110 200 and 20
world's fastest waterslide 6565 so
almost twice as fast almost twice as
fast okay okay you cheap for if you can
hit that perfectly your chances of
survival go up from you know like zero
percent to one percent maybe right 65
miles per hour world's fastest
waterslide 9.8 feet per second per
second okay is by the way that's just
the thing I know I didn't read that in
the chat
you'd skip off the pool and into the
parking lot would you live would you
live like if you hit water going
terminal-velocity that water is
basically concrete yeah I know like if
you fall into ocean right but the way
these slides work the the water might
not kill you I don't know though that's
I'm saying you're still dead I'm saying
you are you're still running into the
concrete edge so we're talking about to
say I was hired on this with Karen
really oh yeah terminal velocity of
course came up during this conversation
short
looked up it was about 100 whatever it
was yeah I think some people are saying
about 120 hundred 22 yeah sprung up
NASCAR cars NASCAR cars like they're
designed for high-speed impacts yeah
they got like the big fat roll cages
crumple zone crumple zones your shear
neck is strapped in what if what if you
fall out of a plane in a NASCAR car
you're on a cargo plane and you're
strapped into the NASCAR car because
they're designed for your hundred mile
an hour impacts here's what I'll say
yeah you hit nose first you're fine
that's a lot of crumple zone to absorb
that impact you hit wheels first you're
dead then it's just brain mush
okay your brain is mush okay if you hit
like trunk oh you know what I think if
you hit trunk first then you're
definitely golden you got that whole
season absorb more impact no matter what
your coming out with a concussion that's
going to basically turn you into a
vegetable because you can have all the
padding on the outside your brain is
still gonna splatter on the inside of
your skull right
yes by the way rich is a rich has a
consulting job for the new fast and
furious movie that's why he's asking
these questions
you don't think don't think wish that
you'd survive in a NASCAR car I think
even by me yo I think you got a shot
I'll tell you what I think you got a
shot don't you think like but you can't
fall faster the terminal velocity right
and if you're a device that's designed
for 100 mile an hour impacts yeah yes
Richard it'd just laugh at the idea of
becoming a vegetable because like that's
the that's the real thing conversation
is so absurd of course and and
realistically like I said you could have
all the protections on the outside it's
not going to slow your brain from
hitting the inside of your skull
mmm because even if you're strapped into
a car and it has crumple zones you are
still going to get the mother of all
concussions it didn't help
Dale Earnhardt senior how fast was he
going when he hit the wall that's a
first question now and was there
something that he wasn't strapped in I
was or something like he was - man he's
too much of manly man to have like the
the neck strap on or there's some kind
of issue with that I don't know I
actually don't know
NASCAR's by the way typically range
between 200 and 600 miles per hour nope
I'm sorry that is being an incorrect top
level stock cars reached speeds over 200
miles per hour okay okay if we assume
terminal velocities well but by the way
would terminal velocity be even the same
for car because they're also made to be
very aerodynamic so I think I think what
we're saying is yeah if you happen to be
riding a plane that is also transporting
a NASCAR plane and there's a problem
with the engines of the plane yeah you
make your way into the cargo hold strap
yourself into the NASCAR car and then
just drive out of the back of the plane
is the proper way to survive the planes
going down anyway
there's no parachutes get in the car
absolutely get in the car just fall in
the car fall in the car yeah I'm with
you Rick I'm totally with you
and if you fall in a car over a water
park try to aim the color to a slide
because then the car will crash and
that's linear' than your double good
rich well no then you're gonna drown
because you're gonna get knocked out and
that impact probably in the car no pools
deep enough to drill you got to get this
the straps off another deep they're deep
enough there's no different uptick for a
car probably sink and drown in hmm car
the doors are good old neck car smashed
a fuck well they don't have doors the
NASCAR car is rich you go out the window
Duke's that fucking Hazzard style they
don't got doors