Episode 074
Breath of the Jay (Part 1)
May 3, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytmwpx4VDx0
___________________________________________

dog a bone I do what I'm not confirming
nor denying you any treats that I gave
to the dog quote-unquote she treats us
how's everyone doing
welcome how's everyone doing today
hopefully well hopefully everyone's
doing well it was a great day in
Milwaukee Wisconsin today it was so nice
out it was ridiculously nice out
comically comically nice and then I
think it supposed to be like 50 the rest
of the week yeah it's raining tomorrow
it's like 70 and raining tomorrow but
then the rest of the week it's down at
the 50s again man I rode my bike here
and I feel like a big sweaty monster
which is great like I moved right and
you're right on time welcome welcome
welcome everyone so we have nothing to
talk about today we're just gonna sit
her quietly oh yeah this game yeah and
I'm just here breath alone to the island
that's clear mm-hmm
and I assumed Jay wanted to come to the
stream today because uh so we could just
gush over how great the village is I
didn't even thought of that but that's
right you watched the witch it's the
best movie ever fucking it's it's on
Amazon Prime I didn't know is it
that's Amazon Prime is where it's at
it's so much better than Netflix fucking
they say like everything recent releases
and way more like older options oh you
know so much better than Netflix all the
indie stuff is on Amazon Prime right now
yeah yeah I think the greasy Stranglers
on there which is another one I really
liked the green room green rooms on
there ex machina the neon demon yeah
that's right that's on there too yeah
it's insane how much better Amazon Prime
is the Netflix the only reason I think I
even keep Netflix anymore is for some of
the original stuff yeah that's pretty
much it I don't I can't run last time I
watched a movie on Netflix
that wasn't a like Netflix exclusive
movie you know you might be right
I don't watch anything on Netflix
anymore just the TV shows or the show
the exclusive stuff yeah oh how weird
yeah and of course that was a very
deliberate pivot on Netflix part yeah I
mean I guess that's smart of them cuz if
they didn't do that I probably would
have canceled my definitely
I have that stranger thing season 2
stranger things any other movies with
really long titles that seems to be the
key the longer the title the better the
movie I don't feel at home in this world
anymore is wonderful I'm the pretty
thing that lives in the house is really
good is that the way it is I don't feel
at home in this world anymore the one
with Elijah Wood yes
it's very good okay it's it's directed
by makin Blair it was the lead actor in
blue ruin which blue ruin is the same
director his green room making Blair's
in green room - he's one of the he's
like sort of Patrick Stewart's like
right-hand man in that movie okay have
you seen green room I have not seen no
never it's on my list okay I have a
whole list of movies that I'm finally
checking them off okay point B and
making Blair's really great and he's
been in movies directed by Jeremy Sonya
and I don't feel at home of this worldly
more is sort of like Jeremy Sonya meets
the Coen brothers kind of mmm it's very
good
oh good and Elijah what's really funny
in it well then I'm Scott like at like a
rat tail and like you know sleeves cut
off on his shirt Oh Elijah Wood I did I
said I finally watched Noah
I watched the vijaya anything of Noah I
really liked it it's pretty good right
it's real it's pretty bizarre if this is
the rock monsters and it's like though
they like the big like the big battle
sequences any of the larger spectacle
side of it felt more Christopher Nolan
ish to me what what I felt a little
emotionally devoid what does it have to
do with the actual Bible story is it
just completely go off and it's do it do
its own thing no no it's supposed to be
super accurate yeah it's a fairly
accurate real rock monster yes in the
Noah's story in the Bible II okay I
looked this up after I stopped because I
was like where does it says there are no
specific mentions of giant rock monsters
though they specifically say before the
flood there were giants yeah that's what
it is okay okay that's it that's a
party's representation of giants or
these big rock creatures
yeah so they took some artistic liberty
with what Giants work but no actually
like it wasn't just made up wholesale to
try and look like Lord of the Rings or
something right right so I'm curious
with that we were supposed to appeal to
Christians are going to heroes like us I
guess it was like us Christians are
gonna appreciate the knows story being
turned into action Schlacht yeah well
it's not all like the action shock is
only the first half of a movie yeah it's
mostly more straightforward drama stuff
I'd have to re-watch it it's been a few
years now wait wait wait wait so the
first half is action schlock and the
second behind Rama
no there's there's only like it's not a
lot of action throughout the whole movie
there's not like detection the first
single and nothing action sequences but
the second half there on the boat and
it's just people yelling at each other
yep little I like the flood happens way
sooner than you'd think it would yeah in
the movie
so we it's so weird but you know what is
that is so weird really good like there
was I won't spoil I mean if obviously
the book came out of Long so we should
be outside of spoiler zing but that that
moment if you can remember Jay with
Russell Crowe and Emma Watson at the end
her big emotional scene
I don't remember Emma Watson gives a
fantastic performance and there's what
there's one scene in particular where
just Mike I felt my guts twist watching
her it's like oh I feel your pain after
you watch it I remember thinking it was
pretty good but it wasn't like something
that's really stuck with me well and I
of course I just recently saw it right
so it all stuck with me but like all of
those I was talking to rich about this
the other day like the the little
emotional character moments are what
Darren Aronofsky does so well yeah and
those moments like jennifer connelly has
one a big scene where she's yelling at
Russell Crowe and just snot and tears
everywhere not it's a really good story
about just someone dealing with their
faith and trying to interpret the in
interpret bowl word of God and it's like
oh this is a really great way to tell
that story
Anthony Hopkins just want some berries
it's great great he just wants some
berries man but like even even stuff
like the the what he called the family
tree what do you call that the genealogy
or if it gets the family tree the begats
right oh yeah
like all of that is very very faithful
to the bible like all the main players
are who they talk about in the bible
it's it's neat it's all neat a neat
little movie but you also watch the
witch I watch the rich it's the best
movie ever do you have it do you have it
on physical medium yes okay because III
need I need somethin it's like a version
of it that tells thank you fortune but
uh but also works out I need a version
that tells unfortunate also works out a
physical medium okay rich no I need to
do some sleuthing you and I were going
back and forth on Twitter a little bit
about the village yeah and you were
talking about is the guy's voice now
well not just his voice because
obviously like his voice is very
powerful and very unique the actor who
plays the father in the povitch
apparently was on the the British
version of The Office which somebody
ready to link to a clip of that I was
like this is weird
now I think about is him in the which is
that voice right on the office is really
bizarre what what I want to do is I want
to you know I want to rip a version of
the village and compare the audio levels
from when he's talking in the beginning
of the movie to a scene where he's
talking in the end of the movie okay
because the first time you hear the
father talk in the movie like it almost
blew my speakers yep it is in the mix so
hot that it sounds like it's peaking and
it's great like it really fills you with
dread yeah uh and then that goes for the
sound design for the whole movie
so it's so great it's brilliant the
entirety of the movies is just brilliant
but then my theory is that if you look
at his audio mix from the beginning of
the move to the end of the movie you
will see that he is mixed lower as the
movie goes on okay because the whole
movie
he's he's humbled throughout the movie
chair and so well his his sort of
authority as the father figure kind of
dwindles as it goes along exactly and so
I think that was an artistic choice to
start him as this powerful presence yeah
next time I watch it all to listen for
that are you guess AF we can digitize it
digitize the beginning in the end next
to each other just look at the waveforms
I think okay I think about those little
kids in that movie two looking actors
usually suck and then you have them and
they're doing these these old timey
accents and they're perfect right like
tiny adults and they're creepy yep oh
the way the twins were so fucking creepy
yeah the the main girl he's really good
well I tell you she's in split now I
need to see how much splint fuck can I
do I've split anyway right she's good I
got so many fucking things to add to my
list Jake so many has she's one to watch
out for she was on that movie Morgan do
you see that it was directed by one of
release gods kids oh is that the one
where she's like a super spy yeah she's
like a like a genetically enhanced super
person you know what I want to say I
started it and then for some reason
turned it off but I want to watch it
it's not good I want you to mainly
because I was like oh the witches in
this and she's great in it movie itself
isn't very good
is she Morgan yeah I mean she's the main
person well but she's the tight titular
character okay hmm well tonight then I
do want to see that cuz she's fantastic
yeah she's she's really good she's out
of this world's gonna came out of
nowhere like all sudden the switch movie
like it was this just an amazing actress
and and and her little brother to the
the older little brother yeah and their
their whole everything story-wise is so
fucking too perfect I can't talk about
it too much cuz I don't want to give it
away for anyone who hasn't seen it yeah
and and just shockingly little gore and
horror for long stretches that's that
one moment early on which is the most
horrifying thing ever and it's like okay
now I don't know what to expect and then
nothing and then nothing well you don't
need it after that right okay now I know
what what can happen then that just like
permeates through the rest of the movie
this constant sense of dread yes oh yeah
and then
whirring I said to you jackass fries
that you didn't find it a little boring
like knowing your tastes I thought you
might be kind of bored by it a bit I
think if it was done if it wasn't
handled so flawlessly I I could have
been but no all of those little bits of
especially the sound design I did it win
any awards for that because it I don't
know it needs to I have the soundtrack
on vinyl and it's like no one's ever
gonna listen to the soundtrack but I
bought it of course just like creepy
atmosphere and wailing noises and
everyone said I'll just turn it up to 11
through put it on around Halloween time
a Halloween party I'll play I'll play
that and then I'll play the Monster Mash
of course the monster noise I was
working at a lab late one night but you
know it it's it's just too well done I
was I was too interested in everything
about the movie which you know other
movies who aren't as good I get bored
yeah it doesn't matter what kind of
movie it is it just has to be good it
just has to be good but and someone else
was on Twitter I was I was having a back
and forth with some idiot
no I think I saw they were talking about
they don't like each other which so
early right yeah which is a common
complaint I've seen and I kind of get it
to me it's like well the movie it's not
really about the witch like that's all
thing is like okay there's no mystery
there's a witch right now you know there
is this threat out just in the woods
just outside into the woods the point of
the movie is not whether or not there is
or is not a witch
yeah which is why I thought it was
refreshing to just nope there's a witch
right up front of course of course
Oh didn't have the distal ow didn't have
the distance you you biffed that I
didn't try that hard okay that's fair
I'm not hurting for money right yeah I
got seven thousand just lying around
jacket and and just uh well sure you
wouldn't care about the the main
character so much if like if they kept
it like oh is one of them actually cuz
that's whole thing is the whole family
turning on each other right
that's what makes it we're tragic is
knowing that none of them are a witch or
in some supernatural thing
oh right all all sympathy for Thomas
splint Thomasin Thomas said all sympathy
for Thomasin would be gone because she
might be the witch right and then of
course as an audience member you would
be trying to figure out who done it
rather than just taking in the
atmosphere right it some idiot some
idiots I I get the complaint I just
think it's that it would change the
entire dynamic of the movie well either
way that would make it less interesting
like I would get the complaint if there
was anything to complain about in the
movie sure you know like if the app
maybe if the atmosphere didn't stick so
hard or then it's like well maybe they
shouldn't have revealed the written you
know like yeah but it's just it's just
great the way it is so it's hard for me
to sympathize with people looking for
complaints in the village I started
watching in with just by myself and and
Lisa came in who's not a big horror
person about halfway through and it's
like this is what I'm watching
you can sit and watch with me if you
want but you know heads up it's the
lovage and she was you know kind of on
her laptop and working while the movie
was playing and luckily she got to look
up at the perfect moment nearing the end
of the movie the the big guy the the
crow oh yeah and I got a lovely little
squeal from her oh fuck it's so fucking
good so fucking good hey let's get to
some tips
cuz I've been missing some tips High
Street CEO uh with our with our buff H
doc or are you an ass and there might
even be a tip about this okay before
anyone asks yes I've not seen the void
that's gonna be the new the witch is
Jason the void is chasing the void I've
not seen the void what's the void it's a
movie uh the trailer the trailer kind of
went viral like it's a smaller budget
movie but like I think I think Patton
Oswalt tweeted about it it's a movie
that's done with all like practical
effects
like it kind of looks like HP
Lovecraft's the thing is like creature
effects and I know I did not personally
but I know of the filmmakers they did
manborg they've worked the ester on six
guys I mean you know they did make yeah
but I mean it's the type of movie like
it looks sort of like John Carpenter
esque Oh lots of like practical creature
effects so everyone's asking me if I've
seen it I've not seen it yet so if
anyone's wondering I've not watched the
void yet why haven't you seen the void
honestly like I wasn't super I have a
feeling and I had some people have
confirmed this on Twitter not everywhere
like Colin tweeted about and he really
liked it but other people have kind of
confirmed what my concern would be which
is that it's so focused on like the
creature effects and like making sure
that they're they look great they're all
practical that you kind of they lose
sight of like character or story sure
and I've been burned by that before
there's a movie the cat a few years ago
I think it was a kick-started movie and
it was directed by the guys that they do
a lot of like creature effects for
movies like they did the alien for all
the alien sequels okay um and they
wanted to do a movie that was all
practical effects and that's why they're
like it's gonna be like the thing it's
gonna be like the thing you see the
movie and it's the thing only done badly
yeah I can't read the name of the movie
Lance Henriksen isn't it that's her like
yeah the factory finds Emily was that
the one by the people who did the
special effects that got deleted for the
yeah reboot yes okay yeah I can't I
can't think the name of the company that
did it but yeah that's that's the same
people sure are great effects guy her
bring her down that's what it is yeah so
I kind of have the suspicion that the
void is gonna end up being like that
which is why I wasn't like I want I'm
gonna watch it I just haven't yet
because they're like it's probably gonna
yeah well then that would totally make
sense as to why Colin would be really
into it yeah because I mean he's an
effects guy so he's watching the effects
over anything else in the movie I guess
so I'm not saying that Colin has bad
taste in movies I'm saying he's an
effects guy like he's gonna pay
attention to the effects
I'm sure the effects are awesome that's
I will watch it and I'm excited to see
that stuff but I just have this
hesitation that the the story might not
be there
sure characters
sure although I do like that manborg
manborg is like what kung fury tried to
be but much better
ha dig let's see here
David David in Oh people says hello
Gyrich and shock you guys should play
injustice gods among us it's not free
you fucks but it's great for the story
I'm aware of the story I'm aware of the
story we don't super get into fighting
games but maybe before the second one
comes but no I mean we won't let's be
honest we won't and if I say I won't
then we might I was the Jax completely
not interested I wouldn't rule it out
100% 100% ruled out I would say I'm not
in a rush just it's just not gonna
happen
Len_Flakasinski, Jay, you didn't talk
about defin keen in your Logan in your
review you Fox why didn't you do that
because I don't know I think we might
own a buddy got cut out he's really good
was dead always do she plays yeah she's
the kid okay she's really good then not
one okay so now I talked about her boom
ah she's really good great I'm glad we
cleared that up it's been a lot of good
kid actors lately connectors generally
suck but the witch has good kid actors
Logan has good kid actor
stranger things stranger things they're
all great no have you seen the trailer
for it oh it looks pretty good I'm
staying I'm staying away I doubt cuz I
don't want to get any level of hype oh
god Chad this is my second playthrough
that's why I've not done any of the
divine beast in this particular
playthrough this is my second time
through this is your second time through
and like look how many look how much
you've done already
yeah you have a problem you have a
Legend of Zelda the breath of the lobby
over after this hmm
oh that's right that it trailer was like
it like broke a record for like most
viewed most views in the first day of
release YouTube or something like that I
didn't realize there was that much see
I'm not a Whore guy so it seems strange
to me yeah I didn't think there was that
I mean like I mean I know like
people of our age kind of grew up
watching the original one but I didn't
realize there was that much like
anticipation or love for it outside of
Tim Curry like if Tim Curry was not in
that movie no one would still be talking
about it it's not great that original
one but it's it's one of those that
everyone watching everyone has seen it I
remember watching it when it aired oh
yeah I was in like Cott hold what I've
been fourth or fifth grade or something
yeah I remember the original is on you
know over the course of two nights or
whatever sure I remember watching it and
it's good it's okay but watching it now
like it's really Tim Curry was not in
that people would not still talk about
it it'd be like it was last time you
heard anyone talk about the Langille
ears oh I've never even heard of those
another after it was so popular there's
all these other made-for-tv Stephen King
adaptations Langille ears the golden
years um what else did they do char he
link is dressed like Princess Jasmine at
the moment because in the Gerudo village
only females are allowed yeah so you
have to crossdress in order to get
inside the village ah it's very
important er we'll do an experiment
you're like oh okay yeah you're gonna
you're gonna wear your normal wing
clothes let's say if I do if I just
change one thing just your pants pants
yeah keep them keep the top keep the
keep the headscarf cuz like women can
wear any pants they want right and boom
you're assuming the world of Nintendo
and Zelda is not a sexist world right
ready oh my God look at that
you just chilling by the way those pants
are like skin-tight legging legacy is
bulge ha ha ha
Touche rich Evan they can see his link
like that and that's not an appropriate
female outfit huh they can see his
little link I am I am kind of curious
about this how about one of these were
these earring things
oh no you need the mass it's it's got a
jewel on it that might mean girl that
MLC surprises me that you could just
can't change your pants sorry what the
fuck was that that was an ad okay they
go um uh Inc 105 so since it's my
birthday got a no what has been each of
your guys favorite movies on best of the
worst difference so many yeah my lot
easier when we didn't have as many
episodes right right in Miami connection
still up there
Miami actually had some decent ones
recently though yeah uh you know
chopping mall I know you guys have seen
it before but I hadn't chopping chopping
I seen it but well I you know what I
vague recollections maybe I saw that
when I was a kid sure at least part of
it I really enjoyed job I need to
revisit but I think extra might be my
favorite that we've done as far as like
an actual movie goes yeah I see I'm
rolling out extra and thunderpants oh
you're only now real movies yeah
extra was a great experience for all of
us though like realizing that it was a
real movie and it was a good movie yeah
that first scene where he's birthed out
of the god I was so fucking awesome that
was a that was maybe not my favorite bad
movie but just one of my favorite times
not a movie like cuz that's what horror
is all about is a big reviewable gun our
visceral reaction yeah yeah that
audience reaction I'm trying to think
I'm trying to think of a legitimate one
Miami connection
Deadly Prey Deadly Prey same episode
right
Deadly Prey V Cameron Mitchell
there ain't no music down there speech
yeah that's that's pretty high up there
as far as I'm concerned that probably be
her Cameron Mitchell introduction right
at least as far as best of the worst
goes at that point had we already seen
terror in Beverly Hills Deadly Prey I
mean we definitely in seen it for the
show I'm trying if we watched Erin
Beverly Hills before we started best of
the worst I always alley would come
pretty sure we had seen terror in
Beverly Hills before the show had
started okay we might know it well we
definitely seen Hollywood cop earliest
if you have either of you seen home cop
yet I haven't yes okay you've seen um
and I remember like we all thought the
police chief and that was hilarious but
I don't think I made the connection that
it was the same guy at that point I
think it was later when I started to
realize that all these weird
performances was the same person sure
she's if it's so much time between
watching each of them mmm but definitely
I think that our first Cameron Mitchell
on the show was was Deadly Prey
absolutely absolutely absolutely
Joe Kitty 0:01 says hey guys here are
some bucks some clams some cheese some
cake some bills some moolah some dough
some saw bucks some dinero some
doubloons
some green some quid some shekels some
scratch that speaking of doubloons
oh my god uh King is speaking of
doubloons and it I rewatched the Goonies
over oh yeah and my for some reason did
you see The Goonies as a kid oh yeah
okay okay say anyone that watches
Goonies for the first time as an adult
hates it of course I did not have
watched it as a kid I still think it
holds up pretty well um III think I'm
kind of in the minority but with that I
still like it quite a bit but if I not
seen as a kid I would not I probably
just feel like yeah it's a dozen adult
lost some love for it sure I can
understand that my kids fuckin loved it
of course they did because kids comment
complain about that movie is how
annoying all the kids are like they're
constantly yelling over each other and
it's like have you ever been around a
group of kids like that's how they are
that's exactly how they act chunk is
particularly annoying though he's kind
of annoying and I know he's the annoying
character it's pushing it though but he
pushes it but it's great to see him
being tortured so much like put his hand
in the blender right talk about you know
what talk about
we were talking about babe I want to
talk about dark movies the intro to that
movie is the bad guy in his prison cell
looking like he hung himself yes that's
the first shot of the movie the kids
movie The Goonies out oh yeah there's
some there's some darker stuff in them
the bad guys and all the language lots
of swearing lots of swear you watch it
with your kids yeah yeah yeah they loved
it there wasn't a problem all the
swearing Oh they've been cussing now oh
yeah oh so now so Kasem basically now
it's just dumb please don't do it at
school yeah come on but yeah we cuss now
we should we share cusses they tell me
the new ones they learned at school oh
that's good oh oh yeah crappy on
accounts alright
craps not a swear word I'm gonna say ass
maybe they heard ass and Goonies is
nothing but shits it's wall-to-wall shit
shit shit I love that at the beginning
during the car chase when chunk is seen
like an arcade or something and so he's
got like a giant like milkshake or
something the cars drive by knees
pressed against the glass and he
squishes the milkshake into the glass ah
shit right
but like the movies filled with such
wonderful like kid logic oh yeah well
that's that's what makes it work that's
why I think a lot of feel that watches
adults like if you if you didn't grow up
with that movie like you might not
connect with it that way when you watch
that as a kid everything they do makes
perfect sense yes yes it makes perfect
sense to you but as an adult there are
so many logic holes that it's it's hard
I mean it's still cute it's adorable but
it's hard to enjoy fully yeah because
there are so many cat damn holes but as
a kid oh my god it was great um the the
girls are the kids smooching Oh Josh
Brolin that's brutal as the hunky older
brother oh it's great you know one it
was just great all the racist humor with
the made at the beginning oh my god if
Ellen's telling him which drawer to put
which drugs in yo horrible I mean just
fucking data Oh
short round the existence of that
character you cheap is a front I'm
different it's a different era
there was a different era what is wrong
with short round huh what is wrong with
short round besides being an incredibly
annoying character yes
jeez an incredibly annoying care the
brilliant Asian inventor character that
nobody can understand is being brilliant
a negative Asian stereotype it's a
stereotype
it isn't certain how about it they're
implying that all Asians are intelligent
still cops appear to be negative to be
stereotyped at the end his dad has his
own invention do you remember what it is
oh yeah he's the king of stereotypes
it's a camera that pops out because
Asians take pictures data does have a
really lovely line after that thing goes
haywire though and he's like you can't
hug a photograph no it's no it's only
says heart it's all adorable it's lunk
headed but it has heart yeah that's God
I wanna watch Goonies the best have you
ever watched the commentary track hmm
there's a commentary track on the it was
on the DVD and now it's on the blu-ray
mmm where it's all of them together
they're all grown up and it has like
video of them all - so it's Richard
Donner and all the kids and occasionally
the video pop-up and you see them all
there and it's like gods need to see him
all grown up um Corey Feldman is
constantly trying to make himself the
center of attention
oh and then halfway through without no
explanation Sean Astin is just gone he
just vanishes I've no idea what happened
to him he had to go to New Zealand yes
coming Lord of the Rings right I would
yeah I think the commentary was probably
no that would have been pre-ordered the
Lord of the Rings writer on the same air
I think cuz I want to say the commentary
now is like 10 years old or so okay um
but yeah he just vanishes and then it's
never mentioned why he's gone Corey
Feldman man he's so annoying I'm in
commentary maybe that's it and I know
like they're old friends or whatnot he's
just like Corey I can't I can't
we're if we're gonna remain friends I
need to leave we gotta leave this
commentary yeah Oh Corey Feldman
how about that Don Rickles Oh
r.i.p i know gone too soon
are people actually talking about a
curse nose ever I'm just curious this
ever happens openly although since that
videos gone I've seen a couple comments
that are like you know it's just
coincidence got like they're taking it
seriously think we take it seriously
yeah yeah here this is a joke video
right because we make comedy videos
right like why was I so rarely comment
on the the red letter media Facebook
page cuz I don't really pay attention
just to any comments you know keep up
but there's one under the that video
where a guy was like it's almost like
people die and occasionally there's
coincidentally blow uh and I just
replied with like you must be a lot of
fun at parties all right we happen to
watch a lot of older movies whose actors
are now very old yeah it's gonna happen
although in the case of someone like
Bill Paxton like he wasn't that old guy
to complications of surgeries that was a
little bit of odd well and Prince to
that one Prince yeah that was just an
offhanded comment yeah right both four
days after we mentioned them it is kind
of weird ease yeah so what I'm saying is
the video is series I'm just saying it's
a statistical anomaly and they happen
all right like we could put up a montage
of every other pop-culture reference for
whom those people are still alive yeah
which would be like 99% exactly the non
curse of the worst yeah yeah yeah it
doesn't sound as funny when you do that
so you know we tried to make a funny
video looks like like Carrie Fisher I
was thinkin like why would we put some
people mention convertible characters
yeah well she's not my best of the worst
we didn't mention her Christmas special
but I was like a year she died a year
later a year and a half after we
mentioned yeah held that right I'm a
long enough timeline everybody we
mentioned on the show died right right
well we mentioned Carrie Fisher more
recently in the road one video about the
CGI Carrie Fisher but still let's not it
where the joke is that people we
mentioned on best of the worst die and
the series not mentioned on best of the
worst except for the holiday special
I'm still thinking there was a Zsa Zsa
Gabor
it's I don't know when we would have
mentioned her right we have a Jahjaga
board like beauty tip video but I don't
think we've ever done it for the show
okay
did Florence Henderson die was right die
before well before though I think was
that before we watch the beauty tip
video I think so I don't remember
she died last year was all last year
yeah okay well we would watch the video
before but still that we watch that
video like two or three years ago the
coin it's it's it's it's more
interesting if it's like right after we
do the episode to be done date days or
weeks Yeah right right years don't count
how is Jay talking without moving his
mouth the Jay has been spending his days
taking ventriloquist ventriloquist
almost Jack house totally totally bit
that well I guess they're planning for
my next career after red letter media
tanks right because you keep on you
because eventually you'll curse too many
celebrities in and trilha quiz 'im the
Hollywood star whackers will come after
me oh no now you made me think of that
sad man yeah Randy Quaid said he's not
even like like funny crazy yeah he's
just got it's just kind of sad and
depressing it is that's how I feel about
Corey Feldman - I know like was that
last year when Corey Feldman was on The
Today Show and everyone was like thought
it was hilarious I was like yeah he's
weird I just feel bad for him and then
they brought him on again it's like now
this is just pathetic right like they're
now they're milking milking it
it's ha ha look at the career look at
that yeah look although that asunción
millennium video that's a work of work
of art whoo-hoo dang dang I could watch
that every day all day
yeah sanshin millennium oh man I'm just
remembering it now the one shot Sean
Astin shot asin's in it yeah the Hat
stuck on the string no the string is
stuck on the Hat oh is that I'm down
from the ceiling
stupid to begin with and then everybody
grabs their hat off but one of them like
the string that was holding the Hat up
say stuck on the head so the entire
dance number there's this string hanging
off of it that's fine fine that I'll
work career coming down the stairs and
he can't get his tiny gloves on oh man
his angels oh god yeah one wonderful
wonderful let's see here tard course is
Jay you beautiful bastard have you seen
the void and what are your thoughts if
you have nope I haven't seen it yet a
tip might have come in before you that's
that's that's why I heard the tips
coming in I was like someone's gonna ask
and I have not watched it yet Lando was
taken says hey Jay speaking of
soundtracks on vinyl
I think the split soundtrack will be out
later this year great subtle music there
what do you think about remember the
music stand I'd have I want to re-watch
the movie cuz now it's available digital
um so I want to rewatch it I don't
remember the music sticking out that
much but maybe on rewatch look at that
market outfit you don't know about that
that looks awesome
what does that one do I believe it's
bonus damage with your bone based
weaponry like dragon bone clubs oh if I
would have known about that I would have
been wearing that all the time look at
that that's badass that is so fuckin
just that hat that helmet the skull face
helmet buy it put it on
I'm sure it's very might have trouble
putting it on in the grill oh right
right I'm gonna have I'm no I should
have enough loose stones spent a long
time selling all the gems I had sure
nice that's a great out that I'm so I'm
so upset that I did not know about that
out yeah it's like a skeleton Tron
outfit mm-hmm that's awesome okay let's
see here Jay are our Lovecraft which
filmmaker who only does video game
movies should I have less respect for
you've a bowl or a bowl I don't even
know what the other answer is but it's
gotta be him yeah it's gotta be it was
the other one Paul WS Anderson now Paul
WS Anderson is a more talented filmmaker
the new faith oh yeah definitely
moveable I've never seen any of the
avaible movies I don't I don't get the
appeal really outside of House of the
Dead is funny like that one's really
inept and actually funny bad and the
movie did after that alone in the dark
is kind of funny and then everything
else is just shit and not even like
funny or interesting bad shit and he's
like a horrible asshole like I don't get
the the cult appeal of avaible people
for a while we're calling him I don't if
they still do but like the modern-day Ed
Wood it's like now ed woods movies have
charms I don't know I don't know how
much if it is an appeal let's a love to
hate things because they like the game
series that he is actively ruined on
film sure and I can't speak for the
games obviously but just as movies
they're not most of them outside of
House of the Dead aren't amusingly bad
they're just sort of obnoxious and and
terrible and he's annoying yeah but but
Indian celebrity boxing not he wasn't on
celebrity boxing but he was at some Film
Festival where he challenged film
critics to talk some and I know people
think that's funny but to me it's just
like I don't know he just comes across
like it like an actual prick like and is
using people
hate to get more attention for himself
but maybe that's what people like about
him
yes I I don't find it interesting he's
consistently bad yeah so they're like ah
you know what no matter what I can poke
it they Bowl yeah House of the Dead is
pretty funny though that's the one movie
that he did that is entertainingly bad
okay well they eco his movies are a
money-laundering scheme right maybe they
work for a while I think that came out
it was like a some sort of like tax
loophole with the German government or
something like that and that's how he's
getting his movies financed for like a
decade um really but now he's supposedly
retired from acting and acting from
directing oh god I hope not acting ya
know he's supposedly retiring from
directing because his movies don't make
any money he did a Kickstarter for he
does a I think it's a series of video
games or a video game called rampage
some what it's called rampage is alone
with the giant monsters well not bad uh
what's that he didn't postal we did
postal but it's another one about like a
guy that goes on a shooting spree and
it's more of like a dramatic movie but
it's I think that at least the title is
a video game someone in the Czech and
tell me um but he made like two of them
and tried to do a Kickstarter for a
third one and it didn't it didn't
succeed because nobody cares right and
so he flipped out on youtubers like fuck
everybody fuck all you assholes you
don't appreciate my brilliance and blah
blah and so no one wants the finances
movies no lady can't get this like tax
loophole sure was going so so therefore
he's retired he's quote-unquote retiring
which means you can't get money to make
movies anyway ah fuck what's in it I
want to say the movies called rampage
redneck rampage no not run that grin
page that's the only one I can think of
let me see oh they're saying rampage but
it isn't about the game rampage okay
yeah it is rampage okay and there's like
three of them okay so it's just a
coincidence that it's also named after a
video game but the video game has
nothing to do I guess yeah okay yeah I
remember rampage the vid the like arcade
game right a big I think they're turning
that into a movie I think I read that
recently
I they're gonna make a rampage movie
jeez I'm just not surprised or shocked
the anything you just make it a giant
monster movie that could be fun
that's potential all right the thing
about rampage is they're also people
remember if you get true they do I've
heard too much you got dirt you got
turned into a person yeah which I never
made any sense but what the monster
nning into a person yeah well the mass
of a person in the first place
oh right right but I like it was in that
was their way to turn back into a
monster I'm trying to remember the the
gameplay of rampage I barely like
jumping on a building and punching yeah
that's right I just think you're
friendly grab you and eat you afterwards
oh that's right
I just won and you know what that was
fun so then you're talking about making
like a half werewolf half giant monster
rampage movie and I would be absolutely
okay with that sure oh they're very
sensitive to vibrations yeah I get it
yeah graboids
graboids uh oh yeah I did the graboid
thing I think you got to do the graboid
thing right let's see where are we
Anonymous's if Jay is into creepy
soundtracks check out Black Mountain
transmitter black goats of the woods
it's at a band name I have no idea it's
about forty minute dark atmospheric
album super super creepy what's it
called black Black Mountain transmitter
possibly by the black goats of the woods
okay or the band is called Black
Mountain transmitter the album some
combination of those words will lead me
to finding something black goat mountain
transmitter woods okay great
black Philip ending oh man
because I was right you need like you're
ready for them to end it em and big
ambiguously no nope I the greatest Cosi
Cosi the village as my only criticism
for the village is I just want to call
it the village yeah everybody does and
you know like I get like it makes total
sense that they wanted the logo to look
like that but it's just a little silly
yeah absolutely makes sense captain blue
42 says hi guys speaking of Noah what's
your favorite film adaptation that takes
liberties in some ways from the source
materials also woohoo Vava chief of
Ullman let's see how high she fly ha
nice uh the person that comes to mind is
the shining oh yeah nice now which I
know Stephen King always poo-pooed that
Stanley Kubrick shiny and even though he
did his own adaptation it was the worst
oh if I could roll my eyes any harder
yeah how how major to the deep part
Asians have to be from the source
material for it to count mmm Josh Inc
well is Shawshank Redemption the written
version is it a short story yes no in
the end he doesn't get the wardens buddy
though okay I've never read it I don't
know the book I even read it either I
just read like what's different I was
curious the difference he doesn't get
the wardens money he gets his own money
that he had buried beforehand
oh that's less satisfying yeah hmm yeah
well I i'd say that counts isn't it
definitely count sure that changes the
story it was fairly minor
yeah really minor but ya know that
counts trying to think of someone who's
done it right someone who's done it
right trying to think of like superhero
movies cuz that's usually my like you
know remember when Spiderman the goo
came out of his real wrists and not
web-shooters that sucked
ha ha ha I was so dumb that's so
unbelievable right in the world of a
teenager getting bit by a radioactive
spider and then developing spider powers
yes I'm on board for that the fact that
it came out of his wrist
always bothered me again always always
it made Peter Parker creepy it did it
did it did he's got weird wrist things
now and he's fluid I can never wear
short sleeves that's his life now it
hurts the relatability okay Peter Parker
oh yeah and then especially like when
you get into spider-man 2 and it just
turns into that whole like my powers
aren't working because I'm sad yeah the
metaphor for impotence jack right right
oh you're right you're right
where it's like in the comics what it
would be is he's just he's spending too
much time being spider-man so he can't
earn enough money to make the web fluid
it's like oh that's relatable like he
said I need to find a job so I can earn
money to be a superhero again if you do
every as you no doubt have noticed I am
a child
shit shit dog let's see here hi guys Jay I
was going to ask you if you'd seen the
void good looking out early on the
stream here's money for being so
courteous Johnson 89 I knew it was gonna
come up that's this year's the vich
there you go except for it might not
have as happy and ending cuz after you
saw the witch you loved it I did love
the witch and they knew Hannah knew I
was gonna love that
oh yeah have they made anything before
that the filmmakers know that's his
first movie
something that like sure-handed an
amazing and so much attention to detail
and it's his first feature so confident
yeah the witch I'm a little disappointed
because this next movie is supposedly a
remake of Nosferatu I was like yeah but
I did hear an interview with him or I
read an interview with him where he's
like I know I know like that's not like
first-time filmmaker and then his second
movie is like a remake oh man I have
other things that I'm working on this is
just the first one that has kind of come
together that's like alright fair enough
at least he understands that
lame yeah and Nosferatu is a weird one
to remake for me I know they've done it
a few times like Werner Herzog did one
in the 70s
cuz all Nosferatu is is an adaptation of
Dracula bright it's just the only
difference is the look of the vampire
mmm that's what Nosferatu is he's got
the long fingernails the 20 years or
whatever and of the big nose nity yeah
yeah yeah but it's just the story of
Dracula
Dilli Darren's is the look of the
vampire
well that know that I'm glad like he can
do it some he can give it the atmosphere
I'm sure it'll be great I can't imagine
that guy fucking up horribly on the
second movie that first one is so great
it's it's just too good all like the the
casting we've already talked about that
a little bit but fucking everybody that
creepy-ass mom yeah everybody looks kind
of funny well they look appropriate for
that era like you see a lot of period
movies where they just look like modern
actors yeah everybody looks right
everybody looks a little bit off
hahaha yes yeah yes there's a an extra
on the blu-ray for it
that's just these like I can't remember
where they're from
Ivan watched the whole thing yet but
it's like professors at some school it
might be in like Salem or something
just gushing over the attention to
detail and accuracy of all the period
aspects to it sure and they're like
everything's perfect everything's
perfect
haha all the details are completely
accurate it's amazing yeah no I believe
them and and just how often they utilize
that that trick of changing scenes on a
harsh sound and ya know effective it's
always so effect always so effective
yeah like one of the earlier ones Tom I
can't even
Thomasson it's a very strange name for a
little girl Thomasson is playing
peek-a-boo with a little baby oh yeah
that's on one of the boo and it's
jarring and innervate the rape just a
little bit off have you seen
the trailer rillette it that makes it
look makes it uh into a Wes Anderson
movie no it is so cleverly edited you
have to watch it at some point it's
really good it's really well done makes
it look like a quirky Anderson comedy of
course of course
great let's see here
Tiberius Kirk says after Friday stream
we watched innocent blood I haven't seen
that I'll never be a mob vampire dark
comedy from John Landis manases only
other horror movie with Don Rickles yeah
Don Rickles like melts or explodes or
something in that cuz he turns into a
vampire it sounds great
I have not watched that since I was
probably a teenager and I should rewatch
it you say you like it rich yeah okay
yeah I like innocent blood yeah I've not
seen in so long I don't remember I
remember the the main females naked a
lot okay um sound Robert loggia is in it
and Don Rickles is in it sounds great
and there's lots of cameos cuz it's John
Landis movie so there's lots of director
cameos like I know Sam Raimi shows up at
one point is like a like a butcher or
something yeah well that's good that
sounds great
that sounds great Kirk Ricketts 47 says
I love the sneering contempt you guys
have for your fans I talk about how
great you guys are all the time we we
have sneering contempt because we expect
so much of you that's it
I am sneering contempt from the dumb
ones you're at all the same you know you
don't just pander to everybody
unfortunately the dumb ones seem to be
the most vocal well that's the case with
anything on the internet everywhere
exactly exactly I have a terrible
opinion and everybody needs to know it
boop boop I have a terrible opinion and
a keyboard no it's I have power you have
a terrible opinion that's true everyone
needs to know it everyone needs to know
that I think
so I could just stop watching your
videos but I must continue how am I
gonna complain if I don't keep watching
I will watch every single one of your
videos because I hate them all so much
so I will make sure to watch them all
and tell you why I hate each individual
one I will take note scruciating detail
yes
excruciating oh is this another
livestream where Jack's there like all
of the live streams he did it every day
every day this is one guy on our YouTube
now you just mute him Oh Oh cuz I don't
care yeah he's not saying anything
offensive since like I fine you want
it's like everything and he's watching
them all he watches every single smite
if he doesn't watch them all how can he
complain exactly how can he continue to
complain oh yeah
Anonymous is I actually fucking love
Langille ears backhoe and a gravity talk
but that's besides the point Bronson
Pinchot was in that good but Balki Balki
donkeys in that I think he's the villain
I haven't seen in forever so the bones
costume oh yeah put on the bones
skeleton Tron did you hear they might be
rebooting trom like with rebooting yeah
isn't not a follow-up to the last one
cuz the last one didn't do very well
so let's need it's too cold to word
though I will free the character will
freeze do that sure but that you know
what that looks cool I like it thank you
for putting it on for me no problem no
problem
no you sell the pants on I know you
change your pants anyway I watched the
discovery wait that's besides I watched
the discovery on Netflix not that is I
don't know that is scientist proves
there's an afterlife and people keep
killing themselves sounds kind of great
it's here a series the premise is
they're scientifically proven to be an
afterlife so just kills himself that's
kind of great but it's kind of great not
perfect but worth of you thanks
anonymous I'm gonna look at this I'll
cover the discovery
I like that premise that's that sounds
wonderful that's fun there's so many
different like tones you could go with
so I'm curious what it is but I think
Jared Leto is in talks for Tron that's
that's what I had read yeah a Tron
reboot starring Jared Leto
no no just make a follow up to the last
one yeah Wes was fine it didn't do great
like I think it did okay box office wise
and white was a Buddha wasn't a huge hit
well that's the thing is like the first
movie was a flop the second one did not
do great mmm
why can't just just leave it alone or if
the second one did okay ish then make a
follow-up to that I would like to see a
follow-up to that I like that Tron movie
yeah I was trying legacy it was fine
it's it's got some pacing issues but I
love the look I love the world of the
music of course the Daft Punk stuff oh
yeah great song purchases son is not as
interesting a main character that is
Jeff Bridges that's the biggest flaw
with the movies the problem is yeah any
follow up that won't have Jeff Bridges
Ramos like yeah yeah don't be a problem
but I think they're still like you got
some way to bring them back yeah Vollmer
on that but but still I think the world
is strong I liked what's-her-face
Olivia Wilde I thought was good mmm-hmm
um yeah there's more to do with that
world so I don't know as long as you get
that Daft Punk back that's all that
matters all right it would not be the
same reboot you really can't really be
weird of brought that punk back I think
they just do the soundtrack yeah
all right all right and you know what I
think it'd be weird if they didn't it'll
be a really like where's the awesome
music it'll be a reboot but it will look
exactly the same guarantee no guarantee
they just they just want that name they
just need a name that people recognize
they don't care it's not even a popular
name they had cartoon series that I
think only lasted like a season in a
cartoons yeah I know so yeah I was
called like Tron uh what was it called
it looked kind of neat like the visual
style of the animation look cool I never
watched it I think that it came up I
think it came out right around the same
time as Tron Legacy because they were
hoping
that would be like a new big franchise
sure and it just wasn't uh Jared Leto
yeah you you you got against him I don't
like the movies I don't like the wait
Joker ever for I don't like the way he
in movies Fight Club Hogan's ninety
percent of it with his face beat he's
barely a part of fight I know I know I'm
just pointing out that he's in it right
yeah no the other Fincher movie the uh
um panic room
he's got like cornrows your that oh my
god that was him yeah mr. Leto
he was him and Dwight Yoakam and Doris
Whitaker good old Jodie Foster
I like that movie I know a lot of people
are like s that's one of David Fincher's
were stunning it's pretty good I just
thought I was kind of bland like it's
well well it's it's such a simple little
story it's like a b-movie almost but I
like Jodie Foster and I'd like um I like
Forrest Whitaker in it a lot mm-hmm
suffers from some dated CGI because it's
David venture that was his period where
he's doing all the swooping through like
cameras gonna go through the handle of
the coffee pot that type of shit and it
just looks like like shiny good love
video game graphics
ease up David Fincher you're brilliant
don't need to do this stuff but it looks
so cool but I can do it
the camera will start at an exterior
shot it'll go through the window which
is always super impressive people love
that then it'll go down the stairs
through would do the only way those type
of shots are impressive if it's all
practical if it's all in camera and you
do some sort of crazy like you know
elaborate camera move then you're like
oh okay that's neat but when like all
the elements that you're traveling
through receives that just because
you're a filmmaker though does a normal
audience give a fuck no I'm not speaking
specifically from archive you uh here's
my defense of the regular viewer
enjoying that kind of stuff is if you
look at something like the pacing in
children of men yeah and children of men
is filled with all these wounds for a
long one take or one shot one shots yeah
yeah these basically entire scenes that
are one shot yeah and it can affect the
pacing it makes like it makes this scene
have far more tension to it when there's
no added point I think a general
audience see how they might not notice
specifically that it's all one take but
subconsciously they can tell exactly
that's very I need to re-watch children
of men looking fucking Clive Owen is the
greatest Julianne Moore yeah I've only
seen it once really only seen that movie
once I own it I never bothered to
rewatch it though I need to shit I think
there was a period where Lisa and I were
watching that at least once a week
oh really just cuz it's so fucking good
yeah that's good Jay have you refa and
neon diamond yet - are they trying to
make a joke based on Nikolas lending
Ruffins name
oh maybe yeah no I love the end even I'm
looking forward to seeing it that's next
on my list that's one I think I I
thought you there was a possibility you
might find the witch boring I think you
may find me and demon really boring it's
it's very possible I know I just I've
wanted to see it I really enjoyed driver
drive drive yeah not to be confused with
baby driver
I keep getting baby driver confused with
boss baby I kept doing that I hear the
two titles I didn't remember which movie
it was like oh baby drivers gonna be the
good one that's right right but like
it's it's about like a silent badass
who's really good at driving who meets a
waitress in a diner and for his last big
get like the set up seems unusually
similar to dry it's Edgar Wright I have
no doubt it'll be its own thing
of course throw my watch watch the
there's a us trailer and then there's
like a I know if it's UK or whatever
like an international trailer okay if
you haven't seen the International
trailer make sure you watch that okay
it's so much better than the US trailer
maybe that's it it gives
it shows that the movie has a lot more
personality than the us trailer shows
okay
I'm not worried and I was gonna see it
and most likely enjoy it because it's a
good right right but I watch a trailer I
was like oh yeah Oh a silent mildly
autistic hero who drives a car very well
who meets a waitress in a diner and has
a relationship with her ah but now I'm
looking forward to neon daemon
unfortunate that's another one where I
need to start it or watch it without
Lisa cuz I guarantee she will not want
to watch it probably but like I really
want to see it so it's gotta be one of
those that I sneak in Oh bother you are
doing a beer brewing stream Oh was that
even gonna work will not be horribly
boring you're just gonna mix all the
ingredients and then just have the
camera sits there ah so what's in the
news today you try to describe what
you're doing with Sheree and then while
you're waiting to talk about something
else
okay let me know I'll bother when you do
that let me know when you do that I'm
gonna give a little bothersome credit
yeah unlike you oh snap yeah no no it's
absolutely fair absolutely would anyone
like a beverage Oh No thank you no okay
did they're talking about beer trigger
trigger here beer response
obviously I'm just mad it's fun with Oh
bother cuz I'm sure I'm sure brewing
your own beer takes a lot more than just
chucking some shit into a tube and then
waiting for three days oh how ignorant
Jack how horribly how horribly ignorant
yeah I am shocked shocked at my ignorant
at your ignorance I am NOT the
astounding level of your ignorance the
fact that you are shocked has me shocked
you should know me better than that rich
the fact that I am ignorant of your
ignorance is ignorant we've gone we've
gone too far we've got it we might have
gone too far in a few places so you're
gonna do a beast or you just roaming
around gonna do Beast okay I see I see
you're getting you're getting set to do
B's wait a hurry no no I didn't know we
were in a hurry I just didn't know what
your plan was you know obviously you
just you're playing you just told me to
bring the the switch because Jay was
gonna show up right no I think I know I
think it's great I am but you know what
like Jays not here right now so it's
like we finally can talk about the video
game which we've talked about exactly
twice in the three hours that we've been
streaming and so I you thought about the
video game when I'm here and so mine I
just wanted to know what your plan was
you're gonna do a divine beast I don't
think we've done a divine beast on
stream yet which is it good people
didn't what pardon people can get a
sense for what a divine beast is what's
my opinion on Eddie Murphy he used to be
really good and stuff and then he wasn't
you know I just rewashed what a Beverly
Hills Cop yeah well the thing this the
thing is like my dad loved it he loved
the all those movies probably not the
third no but I never really got into him
like I understood the appeal of Eddie
Murphy but I never really got anything
out of Beverly Hills Cop ok never
clicked with me and then re watching it
I finally got it or at least for me the
character work in that movie is really
strong hmm not just sitting Murphy but
like Judge Reinhold and Taggart like oh
there's those three their relationship
is really what makes that movie work
yeah I never really got that
out of it before you know what happened
to Beverly Hills Cop 3 uh I've read an
interview of John Landis three talks
about how like miserable and depressed
Eddie Murphy was Eddie Murphy did not
want to be funny anymore
yeah he wanted to play it straight and
do it serious Axel Foley has evolved as
a character yeah come on the interview
John Landis is talking about while the
script was bad but I knew I had Eddie
Murphy I knew we could make it work yeah
nope yeah that movie has so many more
problems outside of just him though it's
just a shitty script and the action is
stupid like there's a part on a carousel
or he's like jumping from cart to cart
to save these two little children it's
like what the fuck is this like I mean I
guess the first two you could consider
action movies but they're you know
they're pretty low-key it's just lots of
like shooting and stuff it's an action
comment it's pretty basic I got yeah
that's that's what action was for those
movies in coding yeah you know what then
I got high jinks there's high jinks
bananas and tailpipes but I worry watch
Beverly as cop and then because I
actually enjoyed it more than I ever did
nothing I'd seen it a whole lot but I
liked it so I what's the second one the
second one's okay um yeah and then I
watched like the first half of the third
one because it was on Hulu I was like
this is just as bad as I remember it's
so lame is that the one with bulky yeah
well he's in the first one to monkey he
shows up in the first one and then they
bring him back for the third right
oh and he's all excited to see Axel
Foley and it's like you met him for five
seconds in the first movie you're just
like a guy that works audience knows who
in the audience knows who he is so they
have a connection that's what I thought
was kind of stupid about the second
movie too is like you know max Foley's
in Beverly Hills and he kind of teams up
with Taggart and Billy rosewood judge
Reynolds character and then they begin
in the second movie they're all like
buddies and they go on fishing trips and
it's like you met these guys for like
three days once but to be fair it was a
pretty intense three days that's true it
just don't weird to have them have such
a like a strong bond
I don't know I mean it's just ease it
makes sense for the audience it's an
excuse to get the movie going and I get
that but it's a little weird
Norm Macdonald is the voice of a dog and
dr. Dolittle and then was also the voice
of a dog in but nine sequels to Doctor
Dolittle
there's dr. Dolittle seagulls apparently
I that doesn't like nor McDonald yes
does need money but he also just doesn't
care
yeah the thing about nor McDonald he is
not picky he's the voice and vampire dog
he's the titular vampire dog uh Norma
Connell say it's not like Norman
Donald's a huge star he can be picky
about the roles he takes right but all
Tsar McDonald but even if he could be he
wouldn't Norma kennel does not care that
is part of his shtick yeah that is part
of his dick let's see here what's we got
you know shows up for cameo in Beverly
Hills Cop three cuz it's John Landis
directed bad and he always puts in
director cameos George Lucas isn't that
is he yeah yeah is he he's trying to get
on a ride and then Eddie Murphy is like
please businessing it's in front of him
oh my gosh shucks
like out there's George Lucas in Beverly
Hills Cop 3 oh man that movie sucks yeah
you watch all three of them together be
like well no watching the third one
after just like watching them all back
to back is such a sharp contrast in
quality when you get to that third one
oh all right all right
it sucks cuz the first two are good and
it sucks cuz John Landis was good at one
point it's just it's just all-around
depressing yeah and that's the problem
too is the third one is shot like a John
Landis comedy and the first two like
they feel more you know they're not
super gritty but they feel a little more
grounded and realistic right right um
and the third one just looks like a like
a goofy Animal House comedy
because he has a very specific style
john landis and it worked fine for a lot
of movies not it not as a Beverly Hills
Cop sequel ones like I know Eddie Murphy
later in his career was having some
mental health issues and some apparently
for for all of his career he he was
plagued with self-doubt and high anxiety
about performing
jaren which obviously is weird because
he was such a good performer not so
effortless right
but apparently later in life that caught
up to him took hold RAM yep sucks too
cuz I'm like Bowfinger your whole finger
and he's great info finger and everyone
is like I do Murphy's back Eddie
Murphy's back and then that was it I
just did that one movie where he was
funny again and that was it well that
was such a weird funny though like I
think he's legitimately plays two roles
in it I know I mean I ever silly hit did
that in other movies too but I guess
people like those Nutty Professor movies
but I thought those were terrible people
lot you know why they got the fart jokes
I guess and but like Bowfinger I don't
know I don't think the comedy was quite
they're fine I like Bowfinger a lot
really yeah my should say I did I
haven't watched it in probably a decade
they're both fingerless and I mean I are
you willing to cut your hair for this
role well yeah I guess but it's probably
better if somebody else does it that's
great that's funny Steve Martin's great
in that movie and I I will defend Steve
Martin whatever Steve Martin does for
all of it I reckon is such a new train
but even Bowfinger I'm like I think he
did he write Bowfinger might up I think
you wrote it yeah yeah the unofficial
sequel to la storia the unofficial
sequel I don't know if I've ever seen la
story oh it's cute you know it is cute
watch la story and then find the script
and read the script to LA story then
realize how much better la story could
have been had they followed the script
okay it's very interesting it's like
Martin write that yes you might wrote
that and the script is brilliant but a
lot of the things he wrote there's just
no way to film
I'm okay a lot of gags were extended way
past the point that they were funny and
then got funny again and there there
were some behind-the-scenes drama about
filming la story but it's it's amazing
and what I've never seen
speaking of Martin and John Landis what
is that I've never seen three amigos
wait see Martin's not in that is he
that's Chevy Chase that is Steve Martin
and Chevy Chase oh they're both in it
that's right and then Martin Short I've
never seen that movie get in the thing
Erica did you hear what Jay Z said I was
to do the thing I was gonna set my
lightning hitch this is important
what happened I've never seen three
amigos okay that's it that's huge three
liter which is huge what I'm sorry I
made you pause the game for this very
important revelation about the three
amigos that's it maybe it was is the
three amigos not that big a deal to you
cuz no it's not it's good but it's not
like it's not like you haven't seen
Robocop like that would be shocking and
as someone who is well three amigos is
the Robocop of comedy the that's uberta
comedy I guess I can understand it I'm
just someone who's super into comedy
with three amigos is like is like a
Bible verse I have no good reason for
not seeing it either cuz I like all
those people and I like John Landis from
that era uh-huh I've just never watched
it I don't know why I'm some of the best
gags yeah ever in that movie and I can't
even say them because you haven't seen
the movie well the concept is wonderful
the plot is I know the story of it yeah
it's basically the same as Galaxy Quest
right yeah that's the same story you
know what that's so true even think
about that I didn't even think about
that but yeah it is and it's brilliant
and some great performances
and it's shocking yeah I don't know it's
not like I avoided it just for whatever
reason I've just never seen it what were
your parents doing when you were younger
mine were watching the three amigos
constantly three Miko's is the RoboCup
of comedy jaebum yeah it's true you know
what if you're in you for its genre and
for that era it is a must-see yeah I am
flabbergasted his job Lovitz in that
does he have a part in my movie yeah I
believe he's like a smarmy Hollywood
agent I want to say like a little part
again little fun but I could also be
wrong it's been a while since I've seen
it it's been a while so fuckin hell
Guapo which means the handsome he's the
main bad guy his name is El Guapo which
means the handsome there's okay I can't
I can't even talk about it you have a
sentence I want to talk about some
brilliant bits that are in the three
amigos
but I can Jesus frickin Frick you don't
you know yeah yeah no miss boss it's fun
it's a great premise it's more than fun
it's great and it's all those guys at
the the top of their game yeah era yep
and you know like maybe chase the top
his game which what does that mean one
of his three good movies at the top of
his game which was three amigos and
nothing else was that's good oh yeah
yeah I'm Chevy Chase you got you got
flood she had three amigos and you got
nothing but trouble how come you name it
the Chevy Chase toughest hop of his room
I missing one on occasion it's vacation
thank you missing vacation this is a big
one I knew that and your missus really
the only one you need no you're like
legit only like three Chevy Chase movie
you're missing Caddyshack three amigos
becomes yeah Caddyshack Martin and
Martin Short right he was just part of
the good Caddyshack is he
he's good in that yeah Jimmy he's good
not he doesn't make Caddyshack though
rodney dangerfield makes Caddyshack well
he's the lead I think it's I did it it's
got it a thing that makes Caddyshack is
the fact that it's a movie that nobody
cared about the plot to write
it's basically they hired all these
funny people and let them do whatever
they wanted yeah but it still stay on
the rails somehow right it still makes
sense
technically the main character that
movie is the the caddy and nobody knows
who the fuck that is right when he
remembers that character everyone
mentions Ronny Dangerfield or they
mentioned Chevy Chase they mention Bill
Murray nobody mentions the actual
protagonist of that movie because nobody
gives a fuck be that is that that is a
ramshackle comedy yeah it's not
important but main character it's not
that's that's that's what I'm saying
yeah great man yeah you need the
straight man he's the the through line
too could get to all these funny people
tip night was good at night yeah I'm
seeing a lot of people mention funny
farm I did it's been a while but I
remember being okay that's like like my
nerd Chevy Chase there it's a notch
above the shaggy-dog or uh memoirs of an
invisible man oh my god that's all which
is John Carpenter movie that was like
total work-for-hire is that really yeah
oh how sad yeah that was him and Daryl
Hannah right yeah oh oh
I actually remember kind of liking it as
a kid yeah I have not seen it in a while
the only the only thing that really
sticks out to me from Invisible Man is
that you could see his guts when he ate
can you do you remember that and
something like that it was a big thing
where he ate it is there you know are
you thinking of Holloman isn't there
something like that in Holloman with
Kevin Bacon I could be wrong about that
I've seen that movie in forever eat I
want to say this was in the invisible
West see them too but I could be wrong I
could be wrong well I could be wrong
well I thought this was in the biz man
and so like he was like had a thing with
Daryl Hannah and he had to like cover up
his stomach or else it was on me
maybe I don't remember at all I forget
chat that was that was that memoirs of
an invisible man or hollow man could
have been both I've ever seen hallo I
said the end of hollow man you ever seen
it that's Paul Verhoeven
I have only certainly not great Paul
Verhoeven but only seen the end of it
okay I haven't watched in a long time I
just remember it being weird like Kevin
Bacon he's the scientist he's the main
character and then once he discovers the
how to turn invisible yeah for no
particular reason he turns into like a
violent crazy rapist yeah you're like
where's this cut why is he suddenly a
madman
just like like a like the flip of a
switch mm-hm that's what I remember
about Holloman they are saying the food
thing was memoirs okay but have you seen
the original Invisible Man not a long
long time because the original Invisible
Man he also turns into a crazed lunatic
isn't it a gradual thing yeah oh it's
definitely more of a gradual thing Holly
but isn't he too doesn't he start as
like a is it like an absolute power kind
of thing though yeah that's the idea
with the Invisible Man is is he has the
power to do so many things and I'm
trying to remember there was like he
blew up a train in the movie in the
invisible hand movie I forget though I
love the Invisible Man so much seeing as
it's been about thirty years says
hashtag fart bag I think it's time for a
three amigos sequel soft reboot the
three amigas no look I wouldn't object
to that as much
ghostbusters you know never remade
Ghostbusters like three amigos doesn't
doesn't hit that level damn that's
sacrilege to me the three videos is you
know fuck Uther more than three amigos
would still be very good if you brought
them back right they still have it yeah
Martin and Martin Short they're still
good they still have that energy they
still weigh together regularly yeah yeah
they still like effort like both of them
do like live stuff and they uh okay all
the time we'll just be like hey and
here's my good for
Steve mutton bank the bank that's great
yeah they're both still great right I
did like Chevy Chase on community but
that had more to do with the the writing
than him and didn't he leave for ego
when he left yeah well he's a huge
asshole and Dan Harmon's a huge asshole
so you just I'm the collision of egos of
two huge assholes sure sure
ah three amigos I got it that that's the
next movie I'm gonna watch I have to put
up all those other movies I'm need to
buy you ice cream egos cuz I need to
rewatch the three amigos maybe I'll
actually watch it mmm one of these days
someday it's great someday
gotta save something for my golden years
I'll be 70 you know like you know what
I'm finally gonna watch this three
amigos movie like that was really good I
should have seen that so much soon a
dead now you won't really be dead but as
you get older your mind will slip and
you'll just think you'd icon okay I
guess I lived I should see the three of
us just forgot that I just watched it
yep yep son of a bitch
do is Maximus as which countries besides
the US do you think makes the best films
I think North America besides the u.s.
makes the best films what Madame any any
particular region of filmmaker you enjoy
Jay um I like a lot of Korean movies okay
all them vengeance movies the old boy
and that stuff uh-huh was the raid
Korean I've never seen the raid movies
Oh everybody always gets on my shit
about that but I've watched him there's
good I don't think they're Korean though
this is good AG is good action now I
also like movies from Britain but mostly
Edgar right that doesn't even count
that'd be kinda yeah he doesn't easy
with his own thing he makes movies from
bread no not reflective of everything
else I like um like a Fish Called Wanda
that's a great movie
you ever see a Fish Called Wanda oh yeah
let's get fuckin great movie
that's from England is it that's like an
American movie with the Monty Python
guys in it
it says this is a prison made by a new
directed Fish Called Wanda I think it's
one of the money Python guises right
this Britain said Brendan breaks fucking
English movie done money five on movies
those are great movies answer England is
my second favorite you know why cuz I
can understand what they're saying
that's why it's my second favorite and
Extro and thunderpants boom there you go
boom done Jack Germany isn't in the UK
list I don't know nothing about those
UK's is Germany gonna brexit I don't
know obviously I know that it's not
Germany but that was more of a joke in
case you didn't know that well that's
why I wanted to make split Lee say that
I understand that Germany is not going
to Briggs it they already breaks it okay
that's fine
yes fine great great I'm glad I'm glad
you could be there with me the real van
says Jay rich didn't know so hopefully you
can answer my question okay why did you
guys decide to base our LM in Milwaukee
instead of Chicago um it wasn't really a
decision it's just things kind of worked
out that way mm-hmm we were I did we
were doing video production stuff and
gradually it happened more and more in
Milwaukee than Chicago and so it just
kind of worked out that way great
I believe our answer was because you
were here so I think that's a problem I
was here yeah and then Mike moved up
yeah well they go great huh hard it says
hey guys can you help me with a debate
my friends and I are having hair have
had for years was the movie dr. giggles
trying too hard to be campy or why is it
not known what what let's feel like two
different things
was the movie dr. giggles trying too
hard to be campy or
it was trying just hard enough yeah I
don't know dr. giggles I've never seen
done its I saw it whenever it first came
out on video I have not watched it since
okay um so I have no idea but was the
second question why is it not known why
is it not known
cuz it's not very good yeah that came
out like oh I mean yeah it's not like a
like a cult classic or anything it's not
very good and it's is not a so bad it's
good no it's not it was a studio movie
it was like a universal I think oh
really
um but it just came out wait it was
essentially like a gimmicky slasher
movie but it came out in like the
mid-90s
well after slashers had died out sure
but before scream so his just the timing
was way off on trying to make that well
there you go
that's all your all your hot dr. giggles
questions can be answered right oh god
that reminds me
oh no uh when I was in my like early
twenties uh means friends and well ya
know me means some friends were at a
blockbuster video okay
and I don't know if mostly no Friday
night or something there was a long line
of people waiting to check out and we
were in that line and this this older
heavyset woman comes in she's very
frantic she's like like breathing heavy
and she's very like excited she's like
and she's not getting in the line the
long line of people waiting to check out
she's like standing next to it and she's
like like fidgeting and she's like
waiting to get the clerk's attention Oh
like like she needs medical she has
something very important right going on
she's like like this and uh so the the
clerk ends up checking someone out and
then you know the whoever they're
checking out walks away before the next
person can walk up this lady butts in
line yeah and she's like do you have dr.
giggles - I need to see dr. giggles -
because the first one ends with like
sequel Bay you know there never was a
sequel made but it ends with like oh
they're gonna make another one so this
woman must have randomly watched dr.
giggles and was so excited that to know
what happens next in the dr. giggles
saga that she was like panicking
waiting to act ask this clerk where
their copy of dr. giggles to us he was
willing to break the social contract
that is line formation yes in order to
find out what happened next in the dr.
giggles saga yes that's so beautiful
isn't that amazing the movie touched her
dr. giggles in places she needed more
than giggles that's my dr. giggles
related story that's a great set like
that also just speaks to the wonder of
like the pre-internet age yeah that's
true where else would you find out that
information other than your local
blockbuster what can you tell me about
dr. giggles - so great do you have dr.
giggles - she's like out of breath I
picture her like running blocks like the
movie ads and she immediately bolts out
the front door I gotta said I love it I
love it I was at a McDonald's once years
and years ago and this obese woman
diamond like this obese woman obese I
thought he said this beast woman that
was both okay well she barges in I think
that counts yeah say me first me first
cuts in front of line and orders ahead
of me she just yells me first
Wow nobody did anything
Wow that's right like what can you do
you guys just be like I would be in
shock right yeah you know what she
deserves it first
that kind of audacity befriended me
first me and part of you wants to just
go me first me first and comfort her you
see what happened yeah I should hey
awesome although but then the other
people say me first me how would the me
first lady respond if somebody replied
to her with no me first me first I'm a
tortoise yeah I wouldn't have it's
probably the same lady that wanted dr.
giggles - well she like she's been
waiting years for dr. giggles - and and
knows it's gonna come out any moment so
she can't even wait in line at
McDonald's I need God ever - really so I
can get home and
dr. giggles two's release day I have a
Google News Alert set up
I follow the dr. giggles Twitter feed I
just hope one of these days it's going
to happen they're gonna read my petition
letters Oh dr. gills mokey b85 says hey
wreckers have you seen the classic 80s
horror film cutting class that's not a
classic the only reason anybody even
knows that movie is because Brad Pitt's
in it well then go I've never seen it
you've never seen it no I never I'd
never even heard of it until after Brad
Pitt got famous and I was like Brad Pitt
Brad Pitt got to start this no budget
horror movie
Mokey's saying I'd be perfect for best
of the works ok and features Brad Pitt
I'll send you a copy if you don't have
it we don't have a copy I don't think we
have a copy of that of cutting class so
please
so please Lucas do get almost the whole
episode on like movies before with
actors before they were famous that's a
good idea what else we got uh troll as
Julia louis-dreyfus in it okay I have
not seen troll troll one isn't bad troll
might be too good for best of the work I
mean it's not great but I like it um
that's what the main character is uh boy
with the skies even scary said he hasn't
a scar in his head but it's less is
called Harry Potter his name's Harry
Potter Wow he doesn't he doesn't wear
glasses but he is named Harry Potter and
the movies got all sorts of magic and
Wizardry shit in it nice well before
well the director that um Jon Karl
beekler is his name he's effects and
effects guy he also he directed troll
and a couple other movies um but he was
a few years ago he was trying to get a
troll reboot off the ground
and because I guess because of some sort
of copyright loophole he could still use
the name Harry Potter so he was really
trying to like exploit that as well of
course making his own quote-unquote
Harry Potter movie role the Harry Potter
saga yeah it had Harry Potter in the
title of course you have to put it in
title so he was trying to get that off
the ground I I I don't know I think
there has to be some way for them to put
the foot down on that
as far like Warner Brothers or over owns
that makes Larry Poppy's probably what
happened is he couldn't he couldn't find
anyone to distribute it B didn't want to
piss off one we liked exactly there's
perfectly legal yeah but we're not
stepping on their toes right yeah
there's some sort of it never got made
JK Rowling's the the richest person in
England
right Lucas Ducas says hey guys have
been going through carpenters films
lately and there's no bad time to do
that as you do and just finished in the
mouth of madness yeah
curious to hear your thoughts on the
film Jay our local carpenter historian
oh I love in the mouth Amanda's what is
in the mouth of madness about uh in the
mouth of madness is sam neill isn't it
he's the lead alright great
you know samuel is right remind me uh
the main guy in Jurassic Park most
people know him from ok but he's also
the lead actor in possession the best
movie ever it's on my list on my list
but there's there's this author is kind
of a Stephen King type author um but
it's named Sutter cane and people are
like obsessed with his books he writes
these Stephen King ish horror books okay
um and his new book is coming out and
it's literally driving people insane and
then Sutter cane goes missing and so the
the company that publishes the books
hire Sam Neill as this investigator to
try and find him oh and so he tracks him
down in this town that supposedly only
exists in his books but they end up in
the real town and there's lots of like
HP Lovecraft type monsters and it's
really really good this sounds great
it kinda I think it flopped when it came
out this is like later John Carpenter
this is like 90s John Carpenter that
nobody doesn't like but um when it came
out I don't think a lot of people liked
it but it's sort of grown an audience as
time has gone by cuz it's good yeah this
uh that sounds like a a solid premise
it's great yeah the the the drama
delirious yes great
yeah lots of lots of good monster
effects in it not as good as the
affection thing though
the thing was smart enough to shoot a
lot of the creature stuff like in shadow
and make it look really like slimy and
gross and some of the effects in uh in
the mouth of madness are a little too
like brightly lit yeah and the second
half of the movie is not as strong as
the first half there's some really
creepy stuff in the first half well they
just wanted to make sure that it was as
much like a Stephen King situation as
possible so they decide to make the I
need a disappointment
yeah there you go uh hark while
Wolverine has a good point which is what
carpenter movie doesn't flop when it
comes out that's true that's true what
would John Carpenter be without home
video sales yeah yeah all of his movies
found an audience later yeah he would be
a war between Halloween I guess with a
huge head um but I think that was kind
of gradual because that was movies were
released differently back then where it
was like it got a slow kind of roll out
um it's not like now where a movie has
to make ten times its budget back in the
first three hours of release and if it
doesn't it's immediately pulled from
every theater yeah it was a different
era you know if we don't if we don't
make our gross production budget back in
this one theater in Los Angeles it goes
straight to China we don't even release
in the United States anymore
do-do-do-do-do anonymous rich yeah why
do a second run of zel this is your
second run of zelda because why not you
have already done all the shrines just
curious also did you ever look up him I
didn't I didn't do all the shrines the
shrines right yeah because you don't
have to do holes right cuz I because I
enjoy the game
yeah well the second part of that is uh
do you ever look up hints when you're
stuck need to know Wow I'll look up
hints you look a Vince yeah interesting
I'm stuck I like to do it myself
yeah I'm stuck I'm not gonna not gonna
let myself be stuck for half a fucking
day one stupid thing sure when we talked
about this a little bit on Friday so
much of this game is about like
discovering this new thing and going to
an unexplored area and you're playing it
again and obviously there's no new areas
it's not procedurally generated or
anything well there are I've I didn't go
everywhere understand play through I've
discovered new things actually really
yeah I didn't get the big horse my first
time through like that whole area is
that interesting okö that's great news
Ryan's I didn't see
so you're still finding finding two
things in a second run through that's
important that's important to know
I play games I like multiple times I
don't I don't like it that's it it's
dead I'm gonna throw it out burn Evan
look at it again I love a game at some
point it's probably gonna get a second
run through at some point you know and
and recently I found myself not
replaying games because there is so much
more to do there's so much more to play
you know like back in the day
you got you got Super Mario World and
that's the only game you get for a year
it's like well I'm gonna replay that
over and over again sure but now like I
almost feel bad replaying a game cuz
there's so many fucking games that I
want to play it mm-hmm not well for you
but I'm salivating over oh I need to
play that in hmm I can't do door alone I
don't have plans old again Zelda's a
very good game he's gonna spend it like
60 bucks some new game did maybe later
okay that's fair you know what that's
totally fair rich let's see here captain
blue 42 says how long do the discussions
on best the worst usually last before
editing now God seems like they get
longer and longer every episode varies
it varies sometimes we've barely made an
hour it's usually between an hour and
two hours before editing I think
recently though like what's it what's
important like for me being on a panel
it's like I want to make sure I try to
say something new yes and and I guess I
could that can be the problem is
sometimes we kind of start repeating
stuff yeah yeah
and so then just discussions go longer
cuz you want to make sure you we or you
go off on some weird tangents and maybe
it'll lead to something good right
doesn't then you got to cut the whole
thing out you never know where the fun
is gonna be at on average I would say
the discussions are usually between an
hour and two hours mm-hmm it sucks when
they're two hours I mean when you sync
up all your footage and you look at the
timeline it's two hours and you're like
fuck cuz that that is a I mean the
episodes are a bitch to edit anyway but
it's so much worse when they're really
really long I'm so sorry so sorry
drunk jack is the best jack but a drunk
jack is no good for editing because I
just don't care I might make good jokes
but I just won't care about anybody or
anything I think that's the key
I mean for it's fine makes a good
episode but it makes it worse for
editing now is what I'm saying do I
think I'll ever come back to near
automata
maybe right you know that our last two
big games we played over zelda and
horizons are down which are both open
worlds go wherever you want games and I
don't have room in my heart for another
open world go wherever you want game I
need this I need a simple
I need like Metroid at this point I need
a simple 2d side-scroller where it has a
linear path and sim and easy controls I
can't have another big world in my head
and I finished horizon and I finishes
Eldo so I you know I can now remove
those from my brain but I can't do near
I know everyone keeps telling us to play
The Witcher 3 which I have and I can't I
can't I just can't
I'm sorry you're an adult I can't and
I'm sorry
and you can do whatever the fuck you
want that is not true as you one are an
adult I would I am an adult you are an
adult man I have an adult man I can't do
whatever I want because you know like I
still need to eat sometimes sleep I have
children who count on me to give them
food and tell them when to go to bed so
it's like yeah right
there's stuff I have to do there's all
these movies I need to watch yeah ooh
let's see here where were we where were
we
what's your favorite tape from the wheel
of the worst nun
SOS SOS SOS wow that's more just for the
discovery of us watch ito in hindsight
isn't that what a bit creepy it's it's a
little yeah in retrospect so it's
unfortunate oh it's super creepy but
come on nothing will take that
experience it for the experience trying
to think it's been so many at this point
it's hard to keep track it really is our
little story of the of the bus safety
video yeah that one was pretty good
I enjoy us talking about the bus safety
video the fact the the fact that the bus
safety video is actually a horror movie
like this one know what that's fun let's
see here
have you seen Kong yet I'm not I'm
looking forward to it and I think yeah
we'll see yeah I wasn't terribly
enthused about it hmm
I might take my kids to see it this
weekend yeah wait you know we love all
the Godzilla movies we watch the
Godzilla movies is it isn't like pg-13
it's pg-13 no come and you know Kong
fights a fucking dinosaur so at least
one of my kids will love it cuz he loves
that shit but I'm thinking about
thinking about thinking to see it I mean
I need to do a little more research on
it to see like how bloody it gets or I'm
not terribly bloody and I have no idea I
don't know nothing but you haven't seen
you I have not seen it okay I like a
good big monster movie but I think I
think it's something like I know Kong is
way way bigger in it than he has been in
previous movies uh-huh and the reason
for doing that is simply so they can set
up a Kong vs. Godzilla movie right and
so again when I see that level of like
like the cynical aspect to the making of
the movie instead of it just be like
like you can complain about Peter
Jackson's King Kong there's a lot to
complain I like it quite a bit but
there's a lot it's so fucking long yeah
but it's still the movie was made from a
very
like pure place yeah you know he wanted
to make it and all the stuff with Kong
him as a character is great in it and I
think that's what has always made Kong
interesting to me is that he is a real
character hmm and I mean maybe he is in
this new movie it just looks like a big
monster movie which is fine I guess but
it doesn't look like a I don't know like
this leaves it classic it doesn't look
like the the thing that the kind of
thing that interests me about King Kong
doesn't look like it's in this movie
alright so I don't know you know I'm
sure I'll see it eventually that's
totally fair Jay now it's totally fair I
like that King Kong I think that's
totally totally fair anonymous says have
you guys over at rlm ever thought about
doing a best of best of the worst or a
worst video why would we do a best of
best of the worst
agreed yeah yeah that's the whole thing
we're not gonna re-watch the movies
remember these movies we already watched
do what were you discussed yeah and we
will see the same thing again right
there won't be that initial reaction to
watching them right wow that wasted
everybody's that would be the video yeah
yeah hopefully we we wrung all of the
entertainment we could out of them in
our first pass so it would it would be
hard to do a second pass yeah agreed
elemental LM Emily says howdy peeps just
wondering what are your opinions on the
Evil Dead franchise just watch what's
evil dead have you ever you never maybe
you haven't I don't know it's possible
I've never noticed talk about Evil Dead
if they're new just watch the last one
yesternight was very entertained the
last one what is in there assuming they
mean army of Darkness if they're talking
about the movies or do you mean the
remake oh the remake ham or or the TV
show or the TV show I was weird what's
the deal with season three of that I
don't think I've heard any I mean I'm
assuming it's coming back but I haven't
heard anything about it haven't either I
don't know I don't know what they're
gonna do man I don't know how I feel
about this down yeah I feel about this
now soured by all the
behind-the-scenes shenanigans just be
soured by that finale yeah yeah we'll
see we'll see what happens um but I mean
you'll that's great
yeah answer the first question I like
the evil that franchise holds very
special place in my heart because you've
led to is the movie that made me fall in
love with filmmaking mm-hmm evil that is
very special yeah very very special and
it's I don't know in a bottle I like all
those movies and I like Sam Raimi is in
general but that movie just like it just
works well I don't like the I also the
idea of like having comedy elements in a
horror movie which I'm sure has been
done before but that was not sure I saw
it yeah I was like you can do this this
it's amazing it's an amazing movie evil
that too well I'm trying to think of
other horror comedies before that where
the the horror aspects were also part of
the comedy because there are stuff like
Abin Costello Meet Frankenstein sure and
that's like the monsters are treated
seriously but the comedy is just the
Abbott and Costello stuff yeah you know
but I mean you have like Evil Dead 2 and
like the the creature in the cellar is
guts head sticking out and they're
jumping down the cellar door and it's
eyeball pops out and flies across the
room and it lands in the girl's mouth
uh-huh it's like that's a horror scene
it's a flying eyeball but it's funny too
oh it's like musical comedy yeah that
combined and it's a Three Stooges
reference but the the combining the
horror with the comedy yeah in that way
maybe the check and say another movie
that did it before it but I don't I
don't I can't think of any I was sure
but and just the general the filmmaking
is the most amazing thing that's the
movie where I watched it I was like when
I first saw it where I kind of
understood because I liked movies before
that but that was one where is like oh
somebody made this where I understood
the idea that like is this somebody made
these decisions to do this crazy shot
you know to have the camera go flying
through the woods yeah that type of
stuff oh no and you know we're also just
like as a DIY filmmaker an indie film
just figuring out how he like you know a
lot of his pushings were done with a
greased up 2x4 yes
like that's how they made their movie
like you know we don't have a dolly we
have a 2x4 let's cover it with Vaseline
and just cover with Vaseline and put our
camera hammer on top of it that's how
we're going to do our pushes damn dog
like you know we need to do the shot
through the woods where we want the
camera to go like up and over some some
some tree logs okay we'll put it we'll
just nail it to a 2x4 and we got two
people holdin now so we can get all
sorts of wacky movements yeah that's how
they made the Evil Dead movies and it's
amazing
ingenuity mm-hmm
don't well and you know what even I
think even looking back at Evil Dead 1
it's such a fascinating movie to watch
you can't watch it really first it won't
make much sense you can you can but I
didn't though I saw Evil Dead 2 first
and then watch the first one the next
day
absolutely and the really neat thing
about Evil Dead 1 is you can see the
sparks because it's nowhere near as
clever filmmaking wise as Evil Dead 2 no
but you can tell what they're going for
it's still there's lots of ingenuity in
it well and there's there's like little
hints of like we kind of want it to look
like this but maybe we don't know how to
do it yet yeah and you can see it fully
realized and Evil Dead - yeah it's
really great to watch after you've
already watched people that yeah evil
that has that that charm of like hey
gang let's put on a show were you
watching you're like oh they're trying
yeah oh yeah no in all of them army of
Darkness is is fantastic
Lari darkness is just a solid comedy
right that's not there's hardly horror
aspects to it
but it works as a comedy even that that
were that's that works best as a
showcase of Bruce Campbell's abilities
as a comedic actor um there's some of it
evil ed too but he's still you know a
little more straight yeah but I'll even
speak highly about the remake Evil Dead
oh yeah I like the remake i I think we
gave it like an okay issue review when
we initially did it for a from the bag
yeah um I've watched it since then and I
think it's gotten better on repeat it's
good its well might be solid so all of
them I like the way it plays with
expectations as far as the protagonist
goes that's good
oh yeah the only thing of sucks and this
is a modern horror thing it opens with
like a scare scene you remember that
like you see the the woman's tied up in
the basement and the weirdest family
members are like siting around fire yeah
yeah you have to open with a scare in
like every movie now it would have been
great if we just open on the kids drive
into the cabin like the first one and
let the let the horror bill
hmm what I don't understand what you're
saying Jack what is he saying
oh he's making a classical film
reference of building an atmosphere
before you do anything creepy but the
problem is then you have there's like a
lot of work and planning in that and
when the audience will be bored yeah you
gotta open with a scare the audience
will be bored in modern day moviemaking
you are so concerned about making sure
your audience doesn't get their phone
out that you need constant distraction
yes and if you don't have constant
distractions you'll lose you I mean
they'll still pay for the ticket but
then they won't see the movie they'll
call it dumb yeah so bam-bam-bam loud
noises but also and not I'm just playing
devil's advocate here it was also
important that they strike their own
tone a more modern tone yeah sure no I
like I don't fault them for like taking
a little bit of a sidestep there now so
it's not just a shot-for-shot remake
sure well it's not anyway and I really
it does kind of have its own tone it has
the tone of what I think they were
trying to do with the original Evil Dead
yes what makes it interesting yes like
the original evil that is charming
because it's low-budget you can see the
bad effects you can see tubes the blood
squirting out and um but they're trying
to make a serious horror movie and the
remake kind of feels like what Sam Raimi
probably had in his mind for what that
movie should be right as far as the tone
goes on that whole end sequence is great
yeah the evil but just the amount of
gore in that movie for a studio release
movie the of fine movie yeah one of them
remakes that works that changes enough
where it feels like its own thing I
think that's your Porton part of a
remake you know what I'll be with you
yeah boo rip do dare let's see mochi b85
says one of the best soundtracks is
there will be blood by
shining greenwood sure yeah that's some
good stuff you have that on final I do
not get with it
James you went Josh in your vinyl it's
adorable it's adorable really it's a fun
thing to collect you know it's silly I
don't follow you for your stupid ideas
hey yeah thing it's fine you won't like
the thickness
I have many records oh yeah I've been
gifted many records like I you know like
worked with musicians and made music
videos and they like they like give me
records I haven't I've never owned a
record player in my entire life and I
tell them all that now okay I got all
these records tonight I'm sure they're
not good records but what are you gonna
do ah
Tovah 941 Aloha rich Jack and Jay any
chance of a review on a whiplash no I
guess rich has decided did you do that
for half in the bag we didn't do i we
mention it on half of the bag it was my
favorite movie of that year okay um I
mean I guess that's such a recent movie
it would be different for review mm-hmm
I've ever I'm not even like with it yeah
it's a great movie JK Simmons JK Simmons
is fantastic in it miles teller is good
in it what yeah then it must be
something special you know that guy lost
in Technicolor says I watched roar for
the first time or roar roars amazing
holy shit what a hilarious clusterfuck
was there anyone on that set who wasn't
horribly mauled by many many lioness I
think according to the trailer it's
something like 37 cast and crew members
got seriously injured making that movie
I think it's something like that 36 37
what a terrible idea
oh man roar we need to do something with
roar eventually you haven't seen it
right I have not seen I was not that you
saw that at defense recipes
yeah and I immediately bought it about
the blu-ray right afterwards right I do
not watch this for anyone listening that
is interested in checking out roar yeah
if you're not familiar that first go
look at the trailer on YouTube but do
not watch it by yourself make sure you
get a group together that's the only way
to watch roar you need to experience
with a group of people Oh God
roar have any of you says captain's
saying have any of you ever seen
coherence it's a sci-fi film in the same
vein as primer sort of I would
definitely run yes keep up the good work
I have seen coherence okay I think I
still have yet to see primer you know I
think I talked to you about primer once
tonight I said like I get why people
like it and I understand the technical
level why it's good uh-huh but it feels
like the movie equivalent of reading an
instruction manual yes you have said
that before I'd like I still feel like
it's something I should see yeah that's
the thing I kind of saw it out of
obligation looks like okay I get it
I understand that this is is smart and
well-made but I am NOT interested in it
at all like I think there's just like
certain movies that like as a film buff
you are required to see like primer or
three amigos you know very similar movie
very similar yeah very similar in spirit
I'm looking up yes I have seen coherence
I saw it a few years ago okay one of the
actors from buffy isn't it all right um
it's good it's clever it's super I think
it's like practically no budget and the
whole thing takes a shot in this house
but they're very clever with like like
alternate timelines alternate universe
stuff and oh it's good okay yeah way
over you would see that over primer I
thought it was way more interesting than
brightly as more interested in what was
happening than I was with primer sure
sure
it's it's clever its clever filmmaking
no budget filmmaking and I think that's
important when you're talking about like
indie movies or low-budget you need you
need something yeah cuz you're not
you're not gonna sell us on the
wonderful acting if I can't afford them
their reminds me I just rewatched have
you ever seen cube
I keep telling Mike and he just watch
cube like seeing cube whether I'm
trapped in them and the cube he finally
saw I told him about that years and
years ago he's he didn't see it he's he
saw it a while ago
cuz I borrowed his copy of it to
re-watch it alright um well around the
time it was probably around the time of
his new or new ish I was telling them
when I was like 20 years ago cuz I dis
along this happen no this is I've been
ages ago heard ages ago I saw it on
cable and I know the kind of movie yeah
who's Mike lights look Michael like you
people trying to figure out how to do it
thing kind of use the brains right to
get out of the situation oh it's right
up your alley listen well sometime
between then and 20 years later he has
Cena seen it and purchased it apparently
yeah yeah cuz I brought his copy of it
maybe you haven't seen it I have not
seen it okay but that I was thinking of
that because you've mentioned bad acting
and man you really have to get over the
bad acting and cube there's some bad
acting in that movie but once you get
past that it's it's so great because the
whole movie the idea is it's it's a cube
it's a room when these people are
trapped in it they don't know why they
don't know what's going on they're
trying to figure out but there's all
these doorways to different rooms and
they're all the same shape same size the
only difference is like the color of the
lighting in the room sure and some of
them have like traps in them but that as
far as clever filmmaking goes they had
one set they've said this one room and
they go into a different room and it's
the same room and they just changed the
lighting sure and the whole movie is
shot that way like that's how you do a
low-budget roommate classic clever
filmmaking but that can only take you so
far you also have to have like an
interesting story I guess to go along
with it the cubed else I like cube a lot
interesting I will I might add that to
the list was you should add a total I
should add it to my own shit that's the
the ultimately a small
group of people are trapped in in a
space and they have to figure out why
and how to get out that's like the like
there's been like saw kind of stole that
lots of movies have taken that idea
there's movie on Netflix right now
called circle that's kind of similar but
I feel like that was the first big one
that like a lot of people kind of stole
from okay I'll make it you know what
I'll make a night of it and I watch cube
primer coherence there yeah and then
I'll spend the next two days drooling
because I won't be able to function
properly that actually is a really great
triple feature you think yeah that's
gonna happen then it's gonna happen as
soon as I need to find the proper vessel
to hold under my chin to catch the true
anonymous wants to know have y'all ever
cut yourself off from drinking after a
night of filming went on too long also
any 3ds game recommendations no cut what
does it cut herself off from drink like
like maybe we we got too drunk during a
discussion and we said hey we need to
ease up we've never said that I don't
think so
like I've said that to me personally
works just like maybe I should not get
so yeah I mean you use your own you know
gauge bars like I should probably not
have another drink so you don't oh no I
never say not have another drink I like
eventually like the next time we film
best of the worst I'll said maybe I just
shouldn't drink this episode because I
have no self-control that's a good thing
we don't film best of the worst weekly
then well god terribly here that's
what's funny is that occasionally I'll
see a comment that's like I'm concerned
about how much you guys drink like you
really felt like one of these a month
right and it's also like an entire days
yeah it's like you know you see as Drina
having a drink here or there it's like
cut together you know we're not we're
not getting smashed well not use not
always sometimes once in a while yeah I
was pretty fucking drunk for that max
landis episode Oh were you yeah if you
watch that episode
the discussion like especially by the
time we get to double-down like it's a
good thing rich save that double down
discussion I was I was pretty drunk by
that point that might be that's probably
the drunkest I've been on a best of the
worst I think was that episode okay but
not the drunks you've been ever know now
the truck is Levin ever but as far as
best of the worst shoots go oh sure just
legitimate question yeah well that's
that's a different kind of drunk cuz you
know you still need to like robbed well
that's yeah you got to be careful when
we're filming stuff cuz you still have
to set up the camera I mean you still
have to perform roaster extent not to a
certain all the way like you have to be
coherent enough to talk about the damn
movies yeah they do it I don't know what
does that do nothing does it thing
what's the thing it does Jax you hear
3ds game recommendations um look into
steam world heist I want to say that's
what it's all question world steam world
heist I
it's a I've played it on stream before
it's a it's that turn-based 2d XCOM like
thing it's really cute and fun and it's
like it's a simple strategy game
steamworld heist I I really enjoyed that
it's out on the 3ds
there's the the Zelda game the link
between worlds which you know it's like
it's a Zelda game it's great and that's
it that's those are the only games and
all the pokemons play all the pokemons
um hey J
have you gotten that Logan poster yet oh
yes thank you I tried to send it to the
PA box but I have no faith in the
American mail system yeah no yeah we got
it we got a we got to hang it up but we
haven't done that yet but thank you cool
so it's a wonderful poster I love that
artwork have you seen that what it's not
in my office right now
I don't the Logan poster oh you know
what I keep seeing that like as I pass
your office and I just assume like it's
I assumed it was junk like I haven't
taken place and it was junk because it
like it's been like hanging off of your
desk for like yeah
we gotta we gotta hang it up somewhere
it's like yeah that's obviously like a
prop from there half in the bag
discussion which I haven't seen cuz I
haven't seen Logan yet you still seem
Logan Oh ma'am let me let me let me tell
you a little story about something that
will ruin your life
about a man named Jed children children
I can understand uh judge I used to have
so much time I used to have so much time
you should get rid of him just sound
like a giant pain in the ass soon
they're they're they're so close to the
point where they will be able to take
care of themselves for long stretches of
time there you go then I'll get my life
well and also you know the other big
thing with Logan is that was right in
the middle of two very long reviews for
prereq and it was reviews that we needed
to get done quickly because there were
one right after the other because their
release dates are so soon and I just
every free hour needed to be playing
games unfortunately and you know like I
had 50 60 hours into horizon zero done
then you and then kids and other work
you don't have time for fucking movies
oh sure and sixty five hours of fucking
Zelda and like was wrecked I mean I need
to see Logan it's pretty great that's I
know I know it's good children can
handle Logan hey you kids Logan yeah I'm
gonna go out on a limb and say nope not
quite ready for that sort of hardcore
why would I love that so much as a kid
just hardcore violence and blood oh
nothing like a beheading when you're
seven right yeah I was watching that
shit Robocop yep not there yet it's good
for kids good for kids quints omniauth
yes I'm very behind on tips as we
usually get because you know we talk
about the things that you want us to
talk about and we could not talk about
them if you want we could not talk
that's an option you should have a rule
whatever the tip question is you have to
limit your answer to one sentence
sure that's it or we'll get like one of
those like Oscars esque timers that will
just go there you always play music
we don't talk about your topic for too
long but I'm sure it's coming up here we
are we are behind Logan Logan listen I
was just so excited I had I had some
free time and I could have rewatched I
was flipping through all the stuff I had
to watch you know I have HBO and HBO GO
oh sure and Netflix and Amazon Prime and
like so many boys watch movies and I was
flipping through HBO go and I saw Batman
vs Superman oh good like I want to sit
down watch a movie I was like oh you
know what we talked about this movie all
the time I only saw it once and I was
pretty drunk but you know like I have
that superpower words like I know what's
going on in the movie sure um but maybe
as much as you can know what's going on
in that movie well right maybe I should
rewatch that we talked about it on the
stream all the time and I stopped myself
and instead I watched the witch you made
the right call of course I did and so I
was like I'm so proud of myself for that
I'll get to Logan I'll get there someday
someday someday when you know I'm sure
when it comes to streaming because
that's another one that I'm sure Lisa
would really like she's a huge x-men fan
she's a bigger x-men fan than I am at
you okay a much larger comic-book
collection than I do it's all x-men so I
was a better nerd anymore
um Oh a significantly better nerd to me
there was a time she was reading I and I
don't even know how you could do this
she was running two different x-men
continuities oh god the x-men comic and
the uncanny x-men which were wildly
different storylines ultimate or just no
uncanny x-men okay and then and an x-men
which was rebranded at the time two new
x-men but it was the same continuity
what they probably have in the same
continuity
no no x-men and uncanny they were a
different universe was different you
think it of ultimate no ultimate was
also a different universe I was reading
ultimate x-men this is why I never get
into the incident well no it's the same
for sounds as confusing as the timeline
of the movies right it's the same for
like spider-man versus Peter Parker's
bihter man versus ultimate spider-man
versus I'm sure there's a new spider-man
or something yeah like comics have
different universes sure so I was
reading ultimate x-men she was reading
x-men and uncanny x-men there was
there's a lot x-men yeah it sucks
cat comics are so fucked up where's the
second ball Jack you've done this I
don't remember shit where's this other
ball you know I open this you've done
this more recently than I have this
didn't you do this on your first
playthrough didn't do everything I'm a
first playthrough okay um hey where
haven't you been yet have you been up in
the other hump I bet on the other hump
it's not there
um there's like the only divine beast I
didn't do oh you didn't do this on your
first playthrough yeah I'm the shit man
uh who you know what I don't know I
don't remember it's been a long time
since I played this ball is on the south
there someone was just about to tell you
I just ordered the blu-ray of society
says being home I can't wait to see what
all the hubbub is about it's pretty
great that's something that's one I
don't think we could ever do a review of
because it would just give everything
away
there's no way to talk about that movie
without talking about where it goes
interesting interesting yeah you've
mentioned it before
on screen I love society and just you've
said exactly that word yes you can't
talk about it can talk about it but
everyone it ruins the entire movie oh
man Society Jay you know what here's the
thing L mm made me Jay can't do this too
much but they want you to talk about
neon demon for money they paid the money
they want me to talk about neon demon
but here's the thing I am very excited
to see neon demon chair so you also
cannot spoil it now that one you can
talk about without spoil okay yeah talk
about nian demon now
it's it's it's great uh I don't know you
always say about it that's it you've
done you've talked about it it's it's
it's I've watched it a number of times
now that it's very of it okay um it's
very slow like I like I said I think you
might find a boring I could but it's one
that I it's like it like a movie you can
put on and kind of zone out too because
it is slow but it's like hypnotic like
the music is great the way it's shot
it's very dreamlike which I guess you
could say about drive to but even more
so with this one okay I don't know I
just I just love the the atmosphere of
the movie and the music is wonderful I
got that soundtrack well that's like
synth wave right I kind of okay it's
it's more like a little more like
ethereal like tangerine dreamish type
stuff alright and Elle Fanning is
fantastic in it okay wait actors cuz the
whole thing is like she it like
depending on the way a scene is lit or
the way she's performing like she can
come across her character is really
young like they um you know she's not 18
but her agent is telling her to say
you're you're older than you are
she's trying to be a model and like
depending on the scene and her
performance like she can either look
like like like a really young like babe
in the woods like innocent you know girl
or she can look like she's completely in
charge and way older than she is and
it's like completely based on her
performance and the lighting of the
scene I'm sure like depending on how she
looks is very purposeful oh yeah exactly
yeah see and like it's it's that kind of
stuff like you're you're talking about
like atmosphere and lighting that's the
kind of stuff that can drag you through
you know boring sections of sure chair
you know like like with the witch I was
just so drawn in by the mood of it yeah
and the filmmaking yeah and the act
that's that's how I feel about neon
demon and it's it's funny cuz like
people like to say you know style over
substance
but there's movies where it's like well
the style is part of the substance it's
like they're remaking Suspiria the
Italian Dario Argento movie in the 70s
okay they're remaking that now and it's
like why like this is the plot of that
movie is
not what's interesting about it and all
it's about the way the movie is made
it's about the you know the look and the
atmosphere on the music and the the
colors it's a really vibrant movie it's
like if you're gonna like you don't like
I don't care about a remake like oh I
want to see that story told differently
like a filmmaking is what makes it
interesting and that's that's how I feel
on TN demon - sure that gets me more
excited to see me on demon it's also
pretty funny it's it's a very like dry
kind of droll humor but me and demon
yeah what it's not an outright comedy
but it's it's it's there it has a sense
of humor to it hmm
Keanu Reeves everything he says and it
is hilarious he's like this sleazy motel
owner and he just does not give a fuck
fuck anyone it's great all right hmm
anonymous is lash cream you guys
mentioned how Marvel fucked up enforcing
diversity too hard on established
characters uh anonymous you didn't
listen to the full story I'll get to
that in a second do you need or do you
think the next ellos e game still works
if Lincoln Zelda were gender swapped
okay so that's two-part question so one
initial reports were that Marvel fucked
up because they had this whole new
initiative to diversify their classic
characters Jay are you okay yeah okay
you know like I mean no oh no I saw you
drop something I was amazing
oh no I knocked over my coffee counter
you know like Miles Morales spider-man
miss Marvel you know the the first
Muslim superhero the the Iron Man got
turned into a little black girl Thor is
Jane Foster craziness like there's a
there's one of the issues where Captain
America is a black woman now again the
the daughter of Luke Cage and Jessica
Jones from the future came to the past
and is Captain it's a whole thing
so initial reports were that Marvel
messed up and sales of their books were
slumping after the push for diversity
okay but that didn't actually happen
only individuals of individual books at
brick-and-mortar stores sale slums
online which nobody goes to anyways
nobody goes to anymore anyway digital
sales and sales of collected volumes
rose for all of their diversity
characters okay
and so it was one of those things where
someone was horribly miss quoted and
taken out of context so they a new cycle
could happen where everyone says haha
diversity is not the answer what this
never happens of a create your own
narrative by taking things out of
context that never happens exactly and
so as it turns out their diversity
initiative is proving effective hmm so
that was the other part of that of that
tale and it doesn't really matter
because Marvel's comics side of things
is no longer their main business focus
sure the comics are a pilot's at this
point let's workshop this character
until we can distill it we can make it
move enough until we can make a movie
right that's all the comics are at this
point and they are already anticipating
the audience for heroes of color and
diversity and so Marvel is getting ahead
of the game we're seeing huge box office
numbers for movies for you know
historically you know like movies that
historically wouldn't do good the box
office that are like you know black main
characters things like things like
moonlight did very well like what was
the one with the lady astronauts Oh
hidden figure hidden figures did
remarkable at the box office no one
thought it would do that good at the box
office so like people are seeing that
tick over to audiences of color wanting
to see themselves
presented in movies and so it to me
Marvel's just getting ahead of the game
here but so you're saying it's a cynical
move and they don't care about diversity
yes I don't know that's true it is
though that is that's exactly what like
they care about diversity because
they're a business and that's what's
going to make them money and so yes
oh yeah they both care about diversity
and it's cynical yeah oh my go
they don't give no fucks I just want
money look at we do to make more money
who's gonna give us money who's gonna
give us more money using is it that is
it that nerd that has been buying the
same comic for twenty years and will
only buy this one comic or is it the
next generation of kids who have
disposable income which will buy
multiple comic that's right comics
they're not room for both or do we have
to show the loyal customer for the last
30 years under the bus well Tony Stax
gon fuck you but that's a fallacy
because there's also 80 other comic
books only start I just kill them off
now that he won't be back
rich what did we just talk about about
multiple timelines and universes they
killed him off in one fucking book
there's eighty Ironman books that's why
I can never get into comic books all the
different continuities oh fuck that no
so Tony Stark still exists he still had
like there's iron man there's invincible
Iron Man I'm sure there's eighty Iron
Man's obviously that is a bit of
hyperbole there's not eighty only 15 but
Tony Stark still exists and now there's
black lady Iron Man two like you they
are trying to have their cake and eat it
too and so far it's working you know why
multiple cakes that's how you do it you
look at one cake while you're eating the
second cake okay boom boom
so anyway anonymous that's that's theme
play Miles Morales paired up I don't
mind that because they're still doing
the Peter Parker bark yeah I think
you're wrong about Tony Stark I don't
think that I don't think there is
currently a Iron Man book with Tony
Stark why do I of I honestly don't know
considering that that's their most
popular character right now as a result
of the movies I can't imagine they
wouldn't have something with it I am
going to make a logical deduction and
say that I there is a Tony there's also
a Tony Stark book I would think so
what's the trick to this no and you know
in the Ultimate Universe Peter Parker
universe is gone Peter but right but in
the alternate universe Peter Parker died
they brought him back but yes but there
there was still the amazing spider-man
the old classic continuity but I guess I
was I would have been done with the
ultimate spider-man after they got rid
of Peter right I would have been done
because I don't know where care about
miles right I don't I didn't buy the
book for miles
oh sure no I read it I read a bit of
miles and while I thought his origin was
interesting they his rollout was pasted
weird and sloppy it took that it took
him like I want to say 15 issues to get
web-slinger's and you know where he got
him the second face sucks from the
corpse of Peter Parker yeah that's I
mean I think Aunt May and you pride him
from his cold dead hands literally oh I
don't remember how to beat this second
part I'm assuming I get to hit him with
his own lightning yet you got me man
according to wiki Tony is currently in a
coma but are there other Ironman books I
guess that doesn't help
what Oh hitting with his own lightning
well I'm going to Google current Ironman
books current Iron Man comic books
well this fight started off good and now
it's gotten stupid oh and you know what
someone was just asking about like
looking up strategies I want to I want
to say that this might be the only time
I did is I couldn't figure out how to
how to beat him in the second stage and
I and I had to look it up just give me a
good straight up fight right that's all
I want
give me the give me another while those
are fun Lionel's are great no the but
these boss fights these Ganon boss
fights are so fucking weak all right
that was it for some reason it didn't
work the first time okay
well I have to look up Iron Man comic
books you can't figure out there's a
current Tony Stark comic fuck yeah logic
dictates there is ya Iverson in the chat
bet in 10 bucks that I would lose this
fight on first try you owe me yep
10 bucks 10 bucks 10 bucks I'll fight
you 10 bucks rich rich dies and gets mad
10 bucks
we look forward
how do you even find anything on the
Internet
you should google that I did Google how
do you find things on the Internet what
happens if you do that you do that list
of Iron Man titles how do you find
things on the how do you find things on
you know internet I ready rich sure we
have Iron Man you have invincible Iron
Man International iron man infamous Iron
Man and superior Iron Man
they are currently five continuities of
iron man happening and I watch any start
and I believe - are you sure they're
different continuity and the the one
with black girl Iron Man is invincible
Iron Man which I believe was the richest
I thought they had killed Tony and
sicker war I'd heard that I heard about
that the to the best of my googling
ability these are the these are the five
listed as currently ongoing Iron Man
comics chancing none of those are Tony
Stark then that could be I don't okay
I'm saying if I were a Tony Stark fan
yeah why would I care about new Iron Man
girl you wouldn't okay I'm agreeing with
that point I think there's no reason we
can't have both and I think we do that
you know what this will take this will
take a trip to the local
brick-and-mortar comic store no good
incontinent Iron Man yep that's as
embarrassing as going into a porno store
oh not fine I had you know what I have I
have a nice local comic book store
they're good people they're they're good
people that I've helped me out many
times so I will have to take a trip into
the nerd dumb because googling can only
take you so far like of course I googled
like current Iron Man comic books and a
list of 37 Iron Man comic books came up
some of them with dates ending in 1970
something so it's like that's not even
the thing I tried to Google sorry it
closed down due to diversity in comics
and you know what that's fine
then I'll buy my comics online like I
always do
I no longer set foot in my brick and
mortar because I buy them online digital
comics are where it's at
sure I mean there was always something
very satisfying about you know reading
your comic putting it in its sleeve with
its board back taping it up and filing
it with the rest of your comic books but
then you just run out of space yeah we
still have our fireproof filing cabinets
filled with hundreds of comic books now
god you collect vinyl Jay that's true I've
got like but the oxes of comics I just
need to get rid of yeah yeah are they
all bagged and boarded most of them are
vast majority I got like some that
aren't that's important but see that's
the difference between that and vinyl
cuz I'm never gonna be like oh god I
gotta get rid of these records I'm never
gonna do that
I bought them specifically because how
do you think I felt about those comic
books when I first bought them sure how
do you think I felt about those that J
okay these are my collectibles ooh
Kennex
now that no but to to be physical loves
me visit yet less the thing is like
physical comic books feel like that's
just your your vessel for reading the
story yeah you know as opposed to
something that is more collectible like
like a vinyl record I don't know
collected values matter I still taser
yeah yeah oh yeah no I'm like I've
always preferred trades because then you
get more story chunks and they're way
easier to reread because then you get
the whole story the back and digital is
so fantastic cuz that that on the iPad
like that makes more sense for something
like a comic book for me early magazines
- yeah yeah digital's the way to go you
outgrew them records are grown into you
you grow into an inferior format no you
see because the audio quality on vinyl
is easy for me not like because you
there is an argument to be made about
like the audio quality be better like I
don't know anything about that stuff but
for me it's more the reason I started
getting into it
is whatever year or so is um III think
you kind of take music for granted when
you stream everything which is what I've
always done
not always but obviously that's what you
do now we're like there's something
about like like having this physical
album with like the neat artwork and the
packaging is really well done and like
taking it out and putting it on a record
player and hitting play where it I don't
know it feels like you're actually the
invested in listening to the music as we
go such as tactile sensation of
listening to music yeah as opposed to
just like opening Spotify like listening
to have a song me like next yeah max out
of curiosity a CD doesn't have this CD
known not so much just because it's it's
it's physical media that you're
tactilely
putting a shirt no it's with a record
it's the size it's the artwork like in a
CD it's smaller like I don't know I'm
jokingly being a no sure no I understand
but for me it is more just like the I
like the the size of it as far as like
you know well the reason it's like
you're holding a poster versus a
baseball card exactly yeah yeah you you
take this thing and you know oh no and
like I've always loved record players
like putting the needle down and that
little that little noise that cook yeah
there's there's something to it that I
like it's not even a nostalgia thing
because I didn't grow up with records
alright listen I couldn't spin it is
just it's a it's it's helped me kind of
like reconnect with listening to music
in more than just like a passive way so
that's kind of what what I got you're
selling you're selling tender people
here they're probably call me a hipster
yeah yes half of them you know it first
of all you know it also I might have
ended this room no I didn't okay great
great my mouse felon all sudden OBS went
away anonymous says inspired by Ace
Attorney stream Jack if you want
how would you voice a creepy psycho that
tortures people slash friends until
watching movies they don't want to see
creepy person forcing people to watch
movies I'd probably give it I'd probably
try to do my best approximation of Jays
David Lynch
in Ryan like a creeper like get serious
get real yeah oh that's what it is get
real and we're gonna watch a movie we're
gonna watch a movie on a tiny fuckin
phone that's just that's that's a rough
estimate that's it would go something
like that I would I would emphasize all
of my words and we're gonna watch a
movie and you're gonna like it
get real I said I find myself saying
that often just like get real get real
get real love saying that though that's
what you got a fucking telephone get
real what a dick it I love him it's
great
Oh future famous person says according
to the director of Dark Souls their next
game may or may not have similar
gameplay now this is the studio that has
made five games all with the exact want
to do something different all right all
right
oh yeah they've earned that they've all
they've earned it but also if I'm going
to play a from software game I want to
play that game
they also made 3d Dot Heroes which I
really like oh sure where are we where
are we if it does would you rather it be
blood-borne two or something new like
futuristic sci-fi setting I mean I
really love blood-borne I would love a
blood-borne I'd love more blood-borne or
a new setting would be great I think
rich and I have talked about the
limitations of a future sci-fi setting
which is the Dark Souls blood-borne only
works with melee combat and future's a
lot of laser guns
you can't future be whatever you want to
be yeah exist also future can be
whatever you want it to be but that that
works only with weapons what jeanna Star
Wars got away with melee combat
new laser swords sure it's melee combat
yeah so you got laser swords not said it
couldn't work I wouldn't go that far
they do such great like gothic II kind
of horror art though yeah I don't know
you know I could give it a chance if
they want to do a sci-fi setting I
wouldn't say it's terrible idea
but I mean thatthat sort of those
Lovecraftian monsters would work great
in space like they have they have they
have very very talented artists yes yes
they do they do so maybe we're just not
thinking about it the right way maybe
we're thinking there could do something
that's horribly generic what
science-fiction anyway maybe it'll be
the best-looking science fiction setting
that has ever been if from software
doesn't because they have very talented
artists no matter what I'm gonna play it
they are very good at creature design
mmm they can they could work that magic
on some aliens should yeah I I would
want to see more about what they're
doing before I I poo poo from so after
we're doing a game with kind of a
different style of gameplay than Souls
yeah okay I would take a look first all
right
that's you know what Richards totally
fair avocados and
