Episode 079
Flinthook Line and Sinker! (part 2)
May 13, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxQsWzSoClA
___________________________________________

alright hey you know what instead of
that the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla
love the name says hey guys love the
stream let's say they built a time
machine allowing you to travel forward
in time to one time slash space
destination one way trip one way would
you do it and how far would you go one
way you can't go too far well you don't
know what you're gonna get like we might
have we never met of nuclear war the
next few years but we right on the other
hand they might have figured out
immortality science could be so good
that you will never die you need to go
far enough ahead we're like some cool
science shit is happening that's
assuming we don't regress
technologically but see even though
because global warming the facts aren't
all in yet and some assholes right our
doctors say cigarette smoking you can't
trust those scientists fact vaccines
rich there's mercury if we if we don't
go backwards the future could be great
but I guess what I'm saying is that's a
dice roll no matter how far in the
future right and so I 100 at least 100
you would do it though you one-way trip
you're leaving everything behind
thank you can you bring your family hi
I'm what I'm do I'm doing an experiment
where I either don't have a family or
they died in the horrible acts okay okay
my family died in a horrible accident
and now because I'm a lonely and broken
man I can sign up for this one-way time
travel experiment
obviously I would not do it now because
I have a family and I would not leave
them vaccines are turning the frogs gay
hahaha right that's why I can't have any
fun with pseudoscience by the way
because of assholes like that yeah it
can be harmful yep yeah well stuff like
you know aliens are infiltrating the
government this there's no real harm
going on there can't I can't I can't I
can't again II with some of that
conspiracy stuff you'd have the whole
lob that that pizza place things
remember that fuck right what was Vivian
people who don't know yeah
what was this was the original story as
like Hillary Clinton was conspiring with
with the Democratic National Committee
to run child sex slaves through a
well-known DC pizzeria this is an Alex
Jones conspiracy thing those Alex Jones
connected to it before I slander him uh
he promoted he promoted did not come up
with it but he promoted it Alex Jones
the performance artist did you see that
no a lot of people are getting really
mad at Alex Jones because his name is
now getting run in normal media circles
and I believe some people are suing him
for misinformation yeah and his lawyer
is claiming that he is a performance
artist playing a character all that
pasty shit he's an awful piece of shit
fucking piece of shit anyway pizza gate
so this is conspiracy theories going
around that the conspiracy side sites
are thrown everywhere about how this
child sex ring perpetuated by the US
government is taking place in this one
pizza place yep
so some normal well some abnormal
well-meaning idiot goes to this pizza
place with a gun to investigate to
investigate and liberate the children to
save the children from the basement of
the pizza parlor who by the way does not
have a basement so now because he
listened to and believed in this
conspiracy bullshit no his life is
ruined yes
yes um and again that's why I just can't
enjoy I can't enjoy that
well well meaning yes it's well meaning
he's an idiot when you go to a place to
try and save children from what you
think is a sex ring your
well-intentioned but what you're also
wrong and stupid for believing this
crackpot shit well and also let's say
you're going in there to save children
maybe you want to like look around
without a gun first just point that out
maybe just maybe figure out that they
don't have a basement first now if you
nobody's nobody's disagreeing that he
was stupid
oh is that was something that stupid
people were saying captain epic was
saying Alex Jones his ex-wife is suing
to keep him away from their kids that's
the philosophy okay sorry sorry for miss
speaking I I must have assumed that and
so so his lawyer is saying see he's not
a dangerous crackpot Alex Jones who by
the way believes that the Sandy Hook
massacre is a hoax
yeah yeah that the the the the where the
kid went in and shot all those
kindergarteners Alex Jones promotes that
that's a hoax to try and get rid of our
guns right so the government can take Oh
Erica but his lawyer says that he's just
playing a character but if you honestly
believe if you're you know it's
delusional but you honestly believe that
there is a sex slavery ring going on
under your nose
aren't you obligated to try and do
something about it if you genuinely
believe this is the thing that is
actually happening are you obligated to
do something yes yes you you fully
you're fully convinced that this is a
thing yes but even then you need to be
smart about it and you can't just go in
goons believes we've established that
this man is an idiot the argument is
whether or not he is well-intentioned
yes well-intentioned was the correct
term yeah he's just also an idiot
yes contact the police but what if the
police are involved right this is
conspiracy the police are both the
government is involved remember it's a
conspiracy theater Hillary Clinton is
involved right you can't trust the
police but I guess this is what I'm
saying
like let's say you believe that and you
believe that the government's involved
so you can't trust the police just go in
there and order a pizza and look around
right just be like a normal person to be
like oh hey maybe it maybe get a job
there maybe you know you got to be
sneaky if you're gonna figure this stuff
out don't be an idiot but of course he's
an idiot
excess I was fine conversation about
conspiracy nuts yes I guess that was
it's my first time really getting into
the whole conspiracy nut thing I'm not
of a sense if you could press a button
and it would retroactively Li make Star
Wars a new hope a standalone film so
there would never be sequels or an
extended universe including Empire would
you press it
no no Empire's a great empires one of
the best movies are made and even Return
of the Jedi is pretty good Return of the
Jedi is adequate it's pretty good movie
is adequate you know it concludes the
Vader Luke stuff well yeah the end our
stuff Scott stupid now of course and
here you know what and here's the thing
about a new hope it's kind of boring if
mike is compared to the other two it's
pretty boring
nah no hopes fine film it's fine films
great film there's two great films one
one ok film a new hope is a fine film
Empire's a great film return is a fine
film yeah it's the weakest can we can we
not disagree with that
is it the weakest return yeah I'm gonna
say force awakens is as good if not
better for when I was I was kind of home
on the force a weak force awakens I do
agree is better than return weakest out
of the four I might do a new home I
might do a new help no not a lot happens
in new a new hope it's Jedi not in what
happens you hope kind of boring fuck you
new hope is kind of boring rich
then you lose the the Jedi Knight games
which I'm fond of I'm fine to the dark
forces series then you lose TIE fighter
I'm final type fighter as a game really
fond of it like I said I don't I don't
hate the force awakens I like I said
about it about the same level Jedi and
the next one could be really good don't
give a fuck about that rogue one though
God and you know what the worst thing
would be if you you know reset star wars
and it's just one movie santalune yeah
ruins my fucking life I have I owe
everything to the fucking phantom bez
every good thing I have going on in my
life right now is in direct response to
the Phantom Menace literally you are out
of a job yeah if they had a reset button
think about that internet none of us are
here tonight that's true that's true
which by the way like butterfly effect
could be a good thing could be a bad
thing we don't know it's probably a bad
thing but for us this is how we're
working right now
take potshots taking potshots fuck you
anything pockets shy was so much better
than force awakens I don't not I'm not
seeing it the Jabba's palace stuff great
the throne room stuff great yeah great
yeah the spaceship battle I don't care
about Lando he was the fucking traitor
from the last movie I know I know he's a
good guy now but I'm not crying I'm from
a kid watching Jedi I'm not crying when
Lando dies if he dies right that doesn't
have any tension for right so this
there's nobody I care about in that in
that dogfight besides just the rebellion
in general right besides the rebellion
in general wait uh yeah I might go I
might go a new hoping the weakest just
because of how slow it is and then the
wood stuff is just kind of lame yeah you
want some lame I'm gonna hit some
stormtroopers with some log that's great
and I know a lot of people have a
problem the force awakens because it's
so Abram it's like everybody's quipping
and super happy for like JJ Abrams
that's the thing it's super appropriate
for the universe they have fun well
Daisy Ridley wasn't trained she beat
kylo Ren this does nobody does nobody
remember when kylo Ren got shot the
fucking kidney by a fucking space
shotgun I believe there's a space
crossbow uh-huh remember remember when
he went into bed fight near the end
nearly nearly bleeding out yeah I
remember why why do you bring it up
seems weird that you would even bring
that up they specifically set that up so
ray coming out on top would be plausible
the villain was fucking bleeding to
death during the sword fight that was
part of his cool hitting his spelling
ride come on what the fuck Jack what the
pain made him stronger I'll throw your
fucking Star Wars SIF bullshit
trash the the defeat on hate and the VAD
molten hood now he was bleeding to death
not the death because I guess spies but
he wasn't in good shape man
let's see you with a sword fight after
getting a shotgun to the kidney but Luke
trained with Yoda for like two days and
then fought and defeated Darth Vader
know I know Luke's well he did but
actually I was you know what I was
getting who did it who was I getting
into a Star Wars conversation with the
other day someone who did not understand
the entire point of Luke's journey in
the first three movies and kept the
entire point of the Jedi as far as the
first three movies are concerned is is
you're not supposed to fight anyone
that's how Luke became a Jedi is when he
decided not to fight Vader to let his
wonder why I think Jedi are boring and
Jedi are born by the way that's that's a
thing but Luke completed his
transformation as a Jedi when he stopped
fighting Vader and refused to fight sure
but with like a week of training with
lota yoda he still kicks Vader's ass of
course of course he does I was just
thinking this one there's one little
thing I like I said I was I was talking
with someone else as I wait a minute
Vader wasn't just shot in the kidney
with a wookie bow caster by the way yeah
he's just straight-up lost it just
straight-up lost oh and Vader has way
more training than kylo Ren Vader's been
the head of the Galactic Empire for how
many years at this point
he went to an actual school where they
taught these things kylo Ren learned
from Luke who had a week of training
from Yoda which you know no wonder that
went bad hahaha
so Vader was trained by actual Jedi's
for years fought in a war from the time
he was seven yeah fought in wars as a
general and then was the leader of the
Galactic Empire for at least 18 years 20
years right ah
no no but you know what that ray she's a
Mary Sue I'll tell you what fuck all you
guys so you know for the record I'm done
with rape you're down I'm down with
Wright force awakens gave me three
characters that I give a shit what
happens to them bb-8 rey and finn yeah
you don't like Pope doesn't we haven't
seen enough yet I'm so he certainly has
my sympathies I'm rooting for him when
you know kylo Ren is torturing him and
forcing his brain out of a skull yeah I
guess he really care about him I like
him yeah all right I'm with you I'm okay
I'm I'm not gonna say he's a super great
character all right yet he could be I'll
see what the two of them but I'm totally
done with bb-8 rey and finn yeah and i
care about what happened these
characters that was all they needed to
do with the force awakens after the
prequels we needed characters we didn't
hate that oh hi that's a tall order
they're rich characters we didn't hate
yeah yeah Kyle kylo Ren learning the
force from Lube that's that's like me
teaching somebody to do like the long
jump I saw a video on YouTube about it
once I'm gonna be your coach you know
this one time I jumped over a puddle and
it was pretty long I'll train your kids
but yet no one called kylo Ren Ameri
sooo weird I guess he did train with the
Knights of Ren whatever those things are
they were all trained by Luke who had a
week of training with Yoda that makes
Luke an expert
Jedi training just seems to cause
problems yes it's one of the flaws with
the Star Wars as a universe this is why
I'm depressed Luke is gonna come around
their way of thinking at the end and
restart the order Jedi he has to I know
you know why he has to rich because they
a Disney really likes selling slight
sabers they sell the lightsabers to the
kid I know but just burying the whole
thing is it's more trouble than it's
worth is so much more interesting oh
sure and honest well that would be the
good storytelling way to do it if you're
looking at all the fucking problems that
that this whole force thing has caused
the galaxy yep
it's such an honest reaction like yeah
we got to end this yep but uh that's not
gonna that's not gonna let Disney sell
no lightsabers the kids might think of
the kids I would be so I would be so
down though if they if they stuck to
their guns I'm like that's that's just
Luke's goal and he sticks to it we're
gonna start a pool rich okay listen up
listen up people who like spreadsheets
we're gonna start a pool we're gonna
start a when does Luke change his mind
pool first deck he's gonna need to Train
ray oh cool sorry started the second
actively training oh yeah absolutely
that's what that's where my money is so
what's what's started the second dive
that's the 20 that's the 20 so I'm going
to say bye I'm gonna say around the 35
minute mark oh yeah is when Luke changes
his mind and starts to Train Ray the 35
minute market get your money into the
pool you know we'll start to maybe maybe
it's reluctantly because he knows that
kylo Ren has to be stopped
oh sure sure and once that's done then
we can get rid of the last of the jive
to the other thing
Oh what it's happening Luke is changing
his mind
star wars wouldn't do something that's
sophisticated right well that's the
interesting place to take it the star
wars won't because they like money and
Jedi's are money to them they have a
whole theme park dedicated to Jedi's and
if the movie is about getting rid of
Jedi's oh sure yeah
Luke dies and Rey is the last Jedi I
don't think they're gonna go that route
because they already they don't want to
be too depressing with it they just
killed Han fucking solo and we know
Carrie Fisher can't be around for the
last one I don't think they can kill
Luke it would be too much of a fucking
downer that's an interesting take Ridge
yeah no look that doesn't mean they
won't I mean Mass Effect they did all of
the things I thought would be the worst
things they could do and then they found
a few new ones
interesting pumpkin bud cake are you
saying he's going to train her as a
Jetta because I think he's going to
train her to use both the light and the
dark side fuck that Jedi she's going to
be the balance in the force we'll see
that's see you know what that would kind
of be a have our cake and eat it too
moment yeah we might be able to do
something interesting story wise and we
still keep like light sabers because
that's how that's what's important to
Disney tired zan says what are your
thoughts on Ridley Scott planning two
more Alien films possibly including a
young Ripley si entering Lucas territory
in terms of creativity yes yes it's it's
it's it's sad is what it is every I mean
it really is we don't need it
we don't need it but we can't it's not
like we can do anything to stop them
gray Jedi is stupid now the concept of
normal Jedi is stupid
the only thing stupid about gray Jedi is
the name but yeah balance of the light
the duck and yeah yeah yeah I'm done
with that that's the angle they want to
take held up yeah I get like you know
what here's what here's why that would
make sense that would open up a whole
new universe of just normal people with
lightsabers yes which is good for them
which is good for they don't have to
have the boring monks so how do how do
we make Star Wars movies without the
boring monks grey Jedi's that's why I'm
saying that's their cake and eat it too
moment um no great Jedi is stupid oh
okay I was a hell of a response
hell of a response my friend wait what's
stupid now the concept of a morally gray
Jedi who's not a monk oh yeah that's the
exit the names stupid you don't need to
call him for a Jedi I know they probably
did that nee you book at some point sure
sure
yeah who cares what they're called be if
you know I'm liking this more and more
the more we talk about it Disney gets
Disney gets so Kyle Katarn wasn't that
kind of the same concept
I guess carrot for the the dark forces
videogames oh you never call themself a
gray anything he just said he's a guy
with a lightsaber right that's what you
need to do yes that's fun and that's
what you need to do hmm you know what
guys chat
I think we're figuring this out I think
we're figuring this out for Disney and
you know we should all be very proud of
ourselves
doot-doot-doot so you know just trying
to think of what what will be best for
Disney's business and yeah kind of
sounds like great Jedi's or whatever
we're calling them dudes with
lightsabers okay well how can we all
agree on that we just call them the new
Jedi and you don't need to give them a
stupid name I don't know I don't really
I don't really care yeah that would be
easiest for Disney just to call them
Jedi still right then they still get to
you know use the name Jedi without
having any of the stigma or monk anus of
them that's all that matters for any of
these companies whenever we talk about
you know what will Nintendo do what will
Disney do what will give them the most
money the easiest
nice
Highlander egg cases hi guys I tried to
watch the Star Wars event look so much
like a corporate shilling I couldn't
watch it nobody wanted to be there now I
agree with Mike that Star Wars is a
soulless product it's it's owned by a
giant company who wants to make money he
can't avoid that you want Star Wars this
is it's always has been a product you
know that's the thing that surprised me
the most is like it was a soulless
product when Lucas had it after a new
hope it was a soulless pride and then
Lucas at weight I can sell bunch of
these toys and make a bunch of money
well there's definitely a solos product
by the time you got to Jedi to Jedi sure
because that's you know when you start
saying well we can sell teddy bears if
we put these things called an Ewok in
there that's that's the moment yeah
that's the moment yeah
I think I think creatively people still
gave a shit when it came to Empire sure
Lawrence Kasdan and the cast wanted to
do something interesting and let's do
this we have dark endings that wasn't
that wasn't the ending to Empire wasn't
the soulless soulless corporate thing to
do oh you know what good point
good point
Touche okay it was I don't know if it's
a cliffhanger that I'm guarantee you
come back well that yeah I guess that's
just solace from a different time Disney
response to the political climate gray
Jedi would be a perfect response to the
political polarization we've seen it
how would Disney respond to the how
Disney would never respond to the
political climate because they're
disavowed Disney doesn't respond to the
political climate money someone who
works for Disney might shoot off their
mouths about something but Disney as a
company isn't going to go out of the way
to highlight political anything what are
you talking about what gives me money
that's what Disney cares about why why
was Ray why was the Jedi in the new
movie a girl because girls see a lot of
movies money
Nikolas is hey again guys hi
Jack mentioned B'Elanna but why not any
thoughts on other recent animated Disney
movies um oh one nah I love tangled
Zootopia and wreck-it Ralph and think
those are right up there with the very
best Disney movie not up there with the
very best one of Disney movies what is
uh their recent stuff tangled Zootopia
wreck-it Ralph is fine so fine better
than it's been in years but not as not
as not as good as Aladdin Beauty and the
Beast and a Little Mermaid
it's fine it's all fine like
wreckit-ralph is kind of like what if a
DreamWorks animated film we're good
right right it's it's like almost good
it's like almost almost great record
record record Ralph is really decent but
it's not quite there that regular Elvis
bids it really good yeah yeah but it's
it's not up there with the best things
Disney has ever done agree I I love
wreck-it Ralph but it is no O'Lantern
agreed
tangled yeah yeah thing is kind of not
again I'm not an eight-year-old girl so
it wasn't really my it wasn't it wasn't
targeted towards me uh
soot opiate too is kind of like yeah
it's fine
I'm not into that man that's fine
Zootopia yeah Zootopia I think is a lot
more clever than other Disney stuff okay
that doesn't necessarily make it better
I just I enjoyed how clever it was uh
and I thought tangled with shit it was
fine
frozen frozen nine joy I really I
thought that was a very solid movie
frozen I tell you why I saw tangle no
why did you see tangle ah my Mormon
sister refused to see anything else you
probably know she was in town yeah we're
gonna see a movie together it was the
only thing on the menu at the theater
that was acceptable is he like it to me
even tangled is like tangled has tangles
has some like decent bits it's not it's
not great but it's not the worst no no I
like how she fought people with the
frying pan I thought that was pretty
funny the horror the sassy horse
yeah there's a sassy horse I like that
you farad said so siren said were you
slightly disappointed to see Imperial
walkers in the last Jedi trailer I
honestly I don't even remember seeing
them in the trailer um by the way that's
the thing about the trailer is like
there's a Hanna maybe I just don't
remember it I I didn't get that nuts
about it analyzing every single frame
right si like yeah I'm sure we'll be
fine
are you sorry you surprised that there's
Imperial walkers in it like rogue one
was very successful
your sister converted to being a Mormon
yes
yeah it works for it fits her it fits
her she's is she's unique
oh this is unique not just good sweet
person good sweet person Oh being a
Mormon does fit her okay so okay so no
uh no no no mormon hate we ain't hating
on no mormons over here well i guess
other mormons but what we're talking
about you know one of those modern-day
like knock off any SS that plays your
old games kind of like the retron or
something we're talking about sure okay
now she was against it you know it
should be ah it's wrong to them to do
that it's Nintendo's skill hardware sure
and me and Karen were like well actually
the the patents all expired it's the
retros but you know it's perfectly legal
she's like well it should be wait what
gotta she has a very conservative
mindset oh oh so she was upset because
upset that the the knockoff NES which
plays games from 30 years ago was
actually legal wait she was upset that
it was legal yes my lord
yes oh my I don't like that these guys
can shoot through platforms and I hope
my family never washes everything
strings they're our biggest fans rich
that's my that's my big complaint with
this game so far by the way
is if there's a guy up here he can shoot
through the bricks and I can the bad
guys bullets go through the bricks I'm
sorry and mine don't maybe maybe there's
an upgrade you can get maybe but right
now that's how it is and I don't like it
it makes planning my attack more
difficult captain blue 42 as Flint hook
looks very pretty but seems very
repetitive yes ha how do you like it so
far can you explain why roguelikes like
FTL one but others don't do you think
roguelikes are being made too frequently
and I cannot comment any of this because
I've not been playing um so far it's
fine like you know it's it's a fine
platformer the the problem with it so
far is all the levels that I've been to
have had a more focus on combat on
defeating the bad guys where I was
really hoping for a platforming focus
like you have this incredible tool to
get around with right yeah and it is
super fun just doing this just we and
then you know hook before I hit the
ground hook before I hit the ground the
floor is lava yeah that is really fun
but that's not what every area is
centered around usually it's centered
around fighting bad dudes and as I just
explained the bad guys can do things
that I can't and that really annoys me
are there like upgrades you're finding
yeah yeah there's upgrades I'm finding
like I'm becoming more powerful up as I
play I'm getting these cards and getting
money so I can buy new cards what makes
a good roguelike
permadeath adds a lot of tension to the
experience I think permadeath is part of
it ah the important thing is ever you
should learn every learn something with
every debt the randomness the randomness
yeah and the growth like you said Isaac
the stacking powers so grand
ah I guess same with FTL too like yeah
just finding a combo of weapons that
works well together yep and you're
kicking ass and it's that lottery then
it's the lottery system sure oh I hit it
I made it now this is gonna be a good
run yeah and so that this is skull 2
though I mean of course you don't you
don't just win FTL by luck or there
wouldn't be so many people who can't be
normal by now right so there is there is
a skill there yeah like I said I wish
the I wish the focus of this game was
more on the platforming because just
doing that like just woof woof we're
like you know yeah is so much fun this
should have been the whole game we look
at this look at this just try to stay
off the ground try to stay off the
ground that's all I want that's all I
wanted to stay off the ground but I have
to worry about fighting those stupid
things oh shit
what if a bigger game like Zelda had
perma death I am crazy enough mister no
death run yeah that I might enjoy that I
would I I'm Zelda fuck know if I'm 50
hours in his elder I remember how upset
I was and I got my first dev yeah I do
I do remember yeah you were yeah I'm a
crazy bastard who would actually
probably go with it but the general
public would hate it right like that
that room this room right here look at
this yeah this is all I want the game to
be you gotta go go look at that oh
that's a that's a great little
maneuvering puzzle right there that's my
kind of game oh shit
and it was died showing off too that's
all I want the game to be is this but
it's fun and it's interesting it's fun
and it's interesting and I really like
the power set in general I just wish
there was much there you know there's
more one thing and that's another let's
just play blood-borne please wait I
don't even have the PlayStation 4 here
how am I gonna play it I mean like now
like now or in general I mean okay in
general in general I played the fuck out
of it it's the only thing on the
PlayStation 4 I have any real time in
Natomas says hey fuckos fuck my favorite
conspiracy theory is that alex jones is
actually bill hicks
after bill hicks died LOL fluoridate my
water then it actually would be
performance art right he went too far
how hard it says hey jack and rich guy
after a tough few days at work your
snarky musings have made it better thank
you for being the most pleasant assholes
possible you're welcome glad to help out
your work day we try
jay-ar Lovecraft says do you think the
fact that every alien species and Star
Wars defines their profession indicates
a subtle racism to Star Wars example all
Hutt's are gangsters all boffins are
spies etc it's an example of uncreate if
'ti and the fact that the universe
really isn't very well thought out
we saw Hut once he was a gangster all
Hutt's are gangsters it's a shocking
lack of creativity is what it is it's
saying this is like that thing you know
without a bounty that's that's the thing
rasaan yum-yum flash shit all your jobs
are good pilots
you
yep and you know did who did that start
with did that start with Lukas or did
that start we only started with the
expanded universe fan yeah
well sure and you know what it probably
started very innocently where it's like
you know someone some guy gets hired by
a company to write you know a Star Wars
novel
I don't yeah I don't think it's any kind
of uh intentional messaging right right
are you saying like you're yeah you're
imagine this you're a writer for hire
okay you get hired by a company pump out
a Star Wars novel just can't have any of
the characters you know but it's got to
do a Star Wars so he watched hours a oh
okay Jabba the Hutt's a gangster his
cousin who's also a gangster well yeah
he's in the movie right great and then
the next guy so he's because okay well
all of them are gangsters like his
cousins now you know like it was
probably a snowball and now here we are
all Vulcans are logical emotionless
dicks uh yeah but they're not all
Starfleet scientists also Sybok I don't
know Star Trek v Spock's brother fully
embraces his emotions fully yeah yeah
okay well that well one there you go to
your first point they are not all
scientists yeah yes as a race they have
they have embraced this emotionless
thing but they're all still different
Pete there was a Klingon scientist on an
episode of TNG oh yeah yeah yeah I hope
I clicked yes
a Klingon sighs like I'm scientists nice
so a Romulan then we have we have seen
most most of the time we see Romulans
it's it's like a military encounter
which you know makes sense because
there's kind of a Cold War thing going
on there yeah I'm sure if you dig
through there are Romulans we have seen
who are not military dicks sure why not
shit hell is that
the TNG episodes with Spock there plenty
of nice oh yeah Romulans who weren't a
part of any kind of military anything I
just got you know just kind of
interested in Spock's teachings
even even the Ferengi snog joined
Starfleet so new suck at Star Wars suck
it
shit shit
I'm sucking speaking of suck at Star
Wars I am sucking at this obi-wan wore a
brown robe
now all Jedi's wear brown robes exactly
fucking a fucking exactly
thank you
tired sad says force awakens is
basically Lawrence Kasdan's away to add
his original ideas from Return of the
Jedi and gets killed the Empire isn't
destroyed totally and Luke leads a
solitary life shouldn't listen to him
way back when I don't know about killing
Han I think that's Harrison Ford's
Harrison Wright what more than Lawrence
Kasdan's should he have died and
returned the Jedi because he already had
as his kind of down moment like that was
the end of Empires I'm getting frozen
you really need to kill him on top of
that and that isn't that just kind of
redundant uh well I guess I just know
that hunts uh uh Harrison Ford wanted
wanted to be done I would I might have I
might have sacrificed Chewbacca oh no
you can never sacrifice Chewbacca
Chewbacca Chewbacca is a mascot you
can't kill the soft furry creature never
never never should Han have died in
Empire is the question no no you want
the cliffhanger that cliffhanger is good
like how we get a gun back what happens
next what happens next right as opposed
to add just being completely bitter
right there's a difference between it's
bittersweet don't forget to add the
sweetness if your bittersweet ending is
too bitter it's not bittersweet it's
just depressing so you know I would not
I would not have killed Han at the end
of empire no just cuz it would've been
too fucking dark agreed agreed
okay so here's where we get to the
upgrade of the roguelike so here is
where I can like this gives me more
slots where I can start the game with
more power-ups get some stamina oh that
I can boost my max HP max stamina that's
important that actually be really nice
aimless Corsair says I'm pretty sure in
the cannon Darth Maul was able to
survive being cut in half purely through
his hate of obi-wan haha which is
fucking dumb as hell but doesn't that
kind of mean the cipa right that was
it's they're more powerful yeah
no because well see it again again
please remember the point of the first
movies the real power is not in your
strength it's with adding your energy to
the universe how about I don't give a
shit what they did with Darth Maul
lingam robot legs I don't give a shit
everyone over shit so here's a good show
I watched a little bit of it it's fine I
it'd be nice if they were bringing back
an actual character right but the
prequels didn't have any of those now
one character of likable almost foam
some how the fuck you pull that off the
magical Lucas man this is the magical
hookahs
non-sensitive AG says question about
endorsing our om / prereq IU's endorsing
is what he says I don't I don't know
what the rest of it says yet so I see no
problem I use YouTube bread to avoid ad
interruption is my support still felt by
you guys that way yes by the way I also
still do the patreon and sub here to
curious about you - bread eater any one
of those things is freaking fine by my
bark
absolutely absolutely no don't sweat it
none dude you get you to know those be
away don't quite for you to bread is
actually anybody's who's given to our
patreon something us helps us do this
without worrying about any kind of weird
shit going on with YouTube defunding ads
we don't have to worry about it exactly
we'd rather it didn't happen but all
right whatever so you know if you look
at the analytics which I check often you
know I'd like to know what's happening
YouTube read accounts for about one
third of our YouTube ad revenue isn't
yeah Wow it's a decent amount and you
know like but by the way if more people
subscribe to YouTube bread or were part
of YouTube's bread we no one would ever
have to deal with this YouTube D
monetizing video bullshit if YouTube
didn't have to worry about ad money
being part of its business model we
wouldn't have to worry about any of this
bullshit that YouTube go through every
once in a while ah because they would be
making it money from members and viewers
would pay for stuff through their
watches you know one watch equals money
but you know YouTube red gives us a good
part of our income but you know like
rich said the the patron of the
subscribing here just just watching in
general we appreciate it all yeah yeah
loader Archon says check I'm Jack how
would you get your kids to eat something
Dave they generally do not like such as
certain vegetables and how do you punish
them if they don't finish their plate
this is something you're hitting too
close to home here my friend vegetables
vegetables if that were all you had to
worry about Jack is a stress it
I have very picky children I'm not gonna
say it okay I can say what good you
don't mind well what is it he won't eat
cheese oh oh yeah no oh yeah she's you
have a fucking chick if you have a
fucking kid who doesn't like cheese you
know child
a child who thinks cheese is disgusting
he doesn't like cheese he doesn't like
butter he he doesn't like hot dogs
he doesn't like spaghetti he doesn't
like pizza uh no we what one of my boys
is the pickiest fucking eater you will
ever come across uh
he is he's an alien he's an absolute
goddamn alien and we've tried everything
like we you know we've tried like you
know hey this is all the food you're
getting and he made himself sick and
we've tried like if there was a point
where we were we were trying to bribe
him yeah it works for a little bit and
we could bribe him with anything I could
say if you eat half of a hot dog we will
get on an airplane and go to Disneyland
and he would not eat that hot dog he's
like I guess I don't care about
Disneyland like I've offered him I
scroll all the sweets in the world go as
I will go out we will go out to Target
and buy you the toy of your choosing if
you eat this macaroni and cheese I have
to diet no no and by the way I am not
exaggerating I have done this exact
thing
and he just doesn't care like nope it's
not important to me to have a toy right
now we'll fuck man um what that what
does he eat a lot of cereal a lot of
grit like he'll eat bread he'll eat
toasts meal butter like like a beef
patty really getting a hamburger like
hamburger is the latest victory we
finally got him to eat plain hamburgers
oh uh you know peanut butter sandwiches
no jelly can't do jelly won't eat no
won't eat mac and cheese has he tried
the Middle East what so basically what I
do now is is I just may I set aside part
of a food and I say okay like let's say
for example for lunch yeah I'm making
grilled cheese cut up apples and some
chips he'll eat the chips and he'll eat
the apples but he won't eat the grilled
cheese and so I'll say okay you have to
eat like I'll cut it into quarters you
have to eat a quarter of a grilled
cheese yeah no matter what well I don't
want to you have to and usually what it
turns into is is more of a mind game
right because he could sit there all day
but you can't allow that as a parent and
you just say this is what you have to
eat start eating it and and I go well
I'm not gonna eat it well you have to
eat it it's it turns into a whole big
mind game and you find the path to get
him there because if it were up to him
he would sit at that table and not eat
anything for 24 hours
like a young child he's eight he's eight
Seth like he's and he's growing and we
like we talked to his doctor and he is
normal height and weight for an
eight-year-old so we can't worry about
it too much yeah and yeah he drinks milk
no God no avocados he would never eat an
avocado no and he does not eat eggs he
does not eat pineapple he does not eat
peaches he does not eat grapes he's a
decent he's a mutant but it yeah every
night every lunch every meal every meal
turns into a mind game this is what you
have to eat the cereal have milk yes he
does have milk in his okay which is
frankly something I don't do I don't put
milk in my cereal just don't feed him
until he's hungry enough yep that
doesn't work i and here's a here's a
story I will tell we once went during
the beginning of this picky food was he
not picking at some point uh well I mean
like baby food yummy food um and then
yeah like we just got picky I don't we
don't know how it happened
we that's what we tried that was the
very first thing that we tried and
here's what we gave him cantaloupe
delicious cantaloupe one of the mildest
fruits in the world we put some
cantaloupe on his plate and he ate his
other food and buddy wouldn't eat the
cantaloupe and so we said okay you're
not eating anything until you eat this
cantaloupe and he went something like 36
hours without eating anything and this
was a while ago
yeah yeah and he was miserable he was
incredibly cranky and he made our lives
miserable and at that point we just had
to say fuck it were giving him food
because he went long enough where it
became scary to us you know uh-huh and
he was a miserable person and then we
became worried for his help like you
know you you can't go a while without
eating but he was that he's also a kid
and so then you had what you have to
ask yourself as a parent is what's more
important not dealing with this hassle
or him eating cantaloupe and usually
it's not dealing with this Hassim I lost
oh absolutely I lost and you know what
unless you are a parent you can fuck
right off with whatever you're saying
cuz you're not dealing with a kid all
day that's what I will say to anyone who
has any fun comments who is not a parent
but I absolutely lost and I take that
loss I take that loss saying your kid
sounds like a badass who only does
things his way he does yeah it is
knowing he's a smart kid and he does
things his way and that's why we just
were basically at the point now where we
don't worry about it oftentimes like
we'll go over to a friend's house and be
out and about and he just won't eat you
know like a friend doesn't have it like
you know the party doesn't have the
chips he likes well fuck it then you
don't eat so he's saying cheeseburgers
playing now it's not cheeseburgers it's
just hamburgers hamburgers play meat and
bread plain is the only thing that he
eats well I mean he eats a lot of it
like you know he'll leave chicken
nuggets that kind of stuff okay we've
got pancakes
that's a mainstay in our house the
pancakes but there's stuff that easy
just to pick a goddamn eater
and for someone like me who I like I eat
I eat anything it's tough sometimes but
you know you do what you do you do what
you do you can't mate you got it you got
to choose your battles that's the
important part
choose your battles that's that's the
thing you need to keep in mind as a
parent like what's what's the battle
going to be about and if your kids
miserable then guess who else is
miserable you are
and sometimes it's for their own good
and like you're willing to put up that
battle and sometimes you're just not
because it's every fucking day pumpkin
bundt cake says where do I pick up my
giant check from Disney for my ideas
Thanks
your ideas don't mean shit you don't
you're just as fucked as I am because I
came up with the whole Luke Skywalker
wants to bury the whole Jedi thing angle
a year and a half ago apparently I
haven't seen fucking dime Nayar arm says
with all this morally great Jedi talk I
want to remind rich to play Knights of
the Old Republic sometime in the future
because I think you will really like
this explanation expansion of the
universe I just don't care enough I
simply don't care enough about Star Wars
I don't need to see it expanded I was
fine when returned to the Jedi came out
and you know the story was done I was
fine with that yep you got three movies
got three movies a couple of good video
games out of it and I'm done it's fine
yeah and it was fuck Bioware yeah fuck
Bioware gruff Macmillan Terry says good
evening Jess I been a while since I've
logged into a stream I say I saw the
Mass Effect Andromeda episode I'm never
getting away from Bioware rich you are a
man of your word let no man say
different thank you thank you most
sincere video I've ever done in my
entire life
endo Crump says any thoughts on Bigfoot
and other creatures Chupacabra Nessie
miscellaneous um fakes fakes um my
favorite one my favorite one of these
creatures yeah is the Jackalope because
it sound it sounds plausible yeah the
rabbit with the Apple - rabbit with the
antlers it sounds so fucking plausible
yeah I'm with you
I like the Jackalope so I love me some
Jackalope every now and then they find
something that they thought was extinct
it was a comment that fish was like it
was a big deal like ten years ago they
found some kind of fish they thought
died out millions of years ago oh yeah
so these things do happen but I don't
think Bigfoot is one of them nope guy in
a suit Nessie's a big big a bit large to
be hiding yep this is actually cuz you
probably need more than one to keep the
species going didn't discover that
Nessie was like a stick or something
yeah it was like a stick in a photograph
and like the original photographer was
like are you talking about this stick
the red epic says hey guys
an other great stream tonight so much
stars were so much Star Wars talk though
there's a lot of Star Wars rock clave
some truck talk pretty please
hahaha balance out the universe yeah
yeah what is your favorite trek villain
slash race ship design PS frozen socks
it's art about frozen fine fine movie uh
far as villain goes Romulus Romulans
hands down
Klingons just kind of like dumb yeah
we're gonna do bed go like violence scar
or honor ER smash honor yar wow that's a
great clear depression they're kind of
lame they're an interesting they had
interesting color to the Star Trek
universe but I would never say the
Klingons were my favorite villains
they're serviceable they they have their
job in the Star Trek universe now now
the Romulans they fight with their brain
ah they Romulans have plots Andrews's
which makes them perfect freakin Star
Trek villains and foils Oh what what I'm
what I'm asking for here in this in in
the universe is a range we have depth so
yeah you know you have your cling onto
your that's your base nope it's your
simple base no right easy simple story
Romulans are the high notes and you when
you work together where the mid tones
humans are the mid tones yep and you
when you work together you get the
harmony that is Star Trek they have all
sorts of different things that make
their universe interesting
favorite villain totally the Romulans
favorite ship design ah the refit
Enterprise the motion picture enterprise
you know them from them all of the tos
movies well except for the reboot - you
asked me who no you know what I'm
talking about
no I say very good nope I don't it's
fucking beautiful
my favorite my favorite ship in science
fiction whoa the refit enterprise whoa
rich it's the best the enterprise's ever
looked any of them any any of the ships
that event Enterprise in their name that
is by far the most beautiful one holy
crap rich you are going out on a limb
you aren't holding anything back well
great I'm glad that you like that ship
my favorite villain race aren't the Borg
know the vordenberg were like a
one-time-use thing and they should have
disappeared after that there's just
there's not much to their entry as an
interesting concept but the Borg are a
very versatile concept is we've come to
assimilate you hmm
okay then what they come back to
assimilate you okay yeah they I mean
they could have worked in the long term
but they're they're they're OneNote once
once the best of both worlds ended once
you that then it's done it's done know
you can get a little more meat oh they
got like that you have a hue app so
nothing nothing on the same scale as
best of both worlds oh right
with the unstoppable force oh there's
nothing that can stop these Borg on all
under their hive mind we can't we can't
beat the hive mind and then oh we we
didn't we use the hive mind against them
and against all odds we have defeated
the Borg you can't you can't try the
Borg back out after that every it's it's
diminishing returns yes
borge one big story I'm done with them
here and there like like the view
episode is fine but it's cute
Kardashians
I don't oh god what's his name I don't
know if I like the Kardashians as much
as I like Dukat as a villain from deep
space 9 then kind of the the big evil
Kardashian who used to be in charge of
the station oh well I don't like in
general I don't like the Kardashians as
much as the Romulans as far as
individual characters as villains go
it's Dukat okay so there I have answered
all of the questions that's so much Star
Trek
there's something to be said for Weyoun
but but that's just Jeffrey Combs man
power I'm Jeffrey Combs the power of
Jeffrey Combs apparently I mean he built
that motorcycle that's what that's how I
know Jeffrey Combs anonymous anonymous
if you talked about it ignore this but
did you hear about Will Smith as a
potential genie for the new live-action
Aladdin I don't see it they don't need
to make a live-action Aladdin
they're gonna they're gonna rich you
know why Jungle Book competing the Beast
made money I don't know why anybody
would want to follow up Robin Williams
yep you listen I think all these remakes
are the dumbest shit in the world ah
I did not see beauty Denise I had it I
had an opportunity to see Beauty and the
Beast I was out of town this weekend it
was past weekend that's why we did not
stream on Sunday and a bunch of people
including the children were going to see
Beauty and the Beast and I had the
opportunity but instead I napped right
and I felt like that was the correct
course of action because I've already
seen the beauty the bees and from all
I've been told about the beauty into
bees yes it did the exact fucking same
as the old using the bees but not
animated why the fuck would I care the
Ayatollah of rock and Rolla says hey
guys let's say I'm doing a
best-of-the-best trifecta of sci-fi
action I would go with aliens predator
and matrix would you switch out any of
these with other movies Robocop needs to
be on this list sci-fi action yeah yeah
maybe swap out
Terminator 2 maybe swap out aliens for
Robocop no aliens is like that's like
I'm the top my list this is done get
your list and be different my list is
different him for me for me like Robocop
predator maybe made yeah get rid of
matrix - I think I think you need to
choose a decade also because like the
matrix you do like Robocop predator
matrix matrix is the odd man out right
not enough action in trouble I mean I
got down
I personally me personally yeah I like I
like Terminator 1 more than Terminator 2
this Terminator 1 is just such a perfect
beautiful causal loop yeah and then
Terminator 2 comes and a MUX things up
and you got a motionless robot as your
protagonists uh-huh but as an action
movie it's pretty good yeah you know
total recalls in the running chap no I
do I mean totally I love Total Recall
I'm just comparing it to the other
movies we talked about Robocop and
aliens are definitely there I am NOT for
my person for my list I am I am NOT
those art being touched when it comes to
sci-fi action third um you can debate me
on it I'm not sure but it might be it
might be Total Recall that's tough man
there's just so many others I think I
would prefer over Total Recall this is
my die did I get upset when you remove
aliens from your list then I throw a
little hissy fit I'm not doing a hissy
fit rigea nothing a hissy fit God you
always do this like dread oh look you
know what you forget about that cuz it's
so modern it counts
oh I'm saying I forgot oh you forgot if
I forgot about because some on they said
I'll forget about that that's too
moderate like what oh god no oh so by
the way the oven my night would be would
be a predator Robocop and read as post
passe post-apocalyptic count does it
count as per sci-fi action Yuri Road
fury road fury fuckin Road while
technically it is a science fiction I
don't think I think post apocalypse is
its own genre science fiction nothing
fury road is the best action movie ever
made
fury road is great we're talking I don't
know if it counts in science fiction has
there been a nuclear war is this Mad Max
plate take place in a possible future of
course it's science fiction
I think it's its own genre of post
apocalypse
fury road sucks shut up where's kro 76
shit don't be such a big dummy dumb dumb
you're dumb I don't like the things you
say fury road is great fury road is
number one on my list I just don't think
it counts as sci-fi is my only problem
with turf listen you said see that
sci-fi wall yeah what is what is that
second row look like what's up what's on
that second row though
Woori the apocalypse apocalypse post
apocalypse apocalypse I'm gonna you know
what we're gonna need to fit we need we
need a we need George Miller
someone called George Miller because we
need an official ruling on whether the
post apocalypse counts as sci-fi I would
put it in its own category rich how
about that Jack
I don't know I'm counting it a sci-fi
and it's going on my list well well then
there's nothing I can do
Robocop's Robocop aliens yeah fury road
Oh first of all that's just a great
night that's a great night yeah and see
for me it'd be predator dread Robocop
which is also just a fucking great night
veteran doesn't take place the future
slip slides fiction it's dealing with an
alien encounter that science fiction
that's an alien encounter rich don't
don't be snide just because
post-apocalypse is its own genre you
wish you have invented on your own I'm
yeah I am on your own you've decreed
this no I am a poor Emperor Packard I'm
looking into a George George Marsh
Miller's gonna get back to me we're
looking into this we're officially
looking into this I've isn't isn't Dredd
post-apocalyptic
No yes is it yes maybe open by the way
if you want to just call predator an
action movie and not a sci-fi movie I'm
kind of okay with them what part is fine
movie it's not topping any of the ones
I've listed as an action movie or as a
science fiction movie
this gets a good press so fucking ain't
got nothing on aliens fury road or
Robocop oh I would I would take predator
over aliens any fucking day to reach any
day of the week
aliens is perfect I saw that in the
theater when I was a kid I have never
known tension like that before my young
life predators so beautiful not saying
that I dislike aliens but if I've given
the choice I would go predator whole
last part of that movie my heart was
trying to pump its way out of my chest
aliens is a fine movie aliens was an
amazing theater-going experience oh yeah
yeah I did not get to see it in the
peers
not that that has anything to do with my
choosing predator over it
so if you sent a movie one day in the
future is it science fiction technically
according to these Yahoo's yes sure
Conroe does he count for some reason
that's post-apocalypse that's a
different thing
technically speaking like fucking Friday
the 3rd or Nightmare Before Christmas is
a science fiction movie it takes place
in its own universe
why not fright I think that's more magic
like horror movies are science fiction
because they take place in their own
with their own set of rules and bylaws
but its its own sub genre which I'm just
trying to get the rules I just want the
rules fury road Robocop aliens no
particular order though a fury road is
number one
fury road is great Bureau the greatest
action movie ever made man great movie
it's a great action movie it's great
Star Trek is post-apocalyptic right it
it is I know it is right now but you
don't have to think about that as a
post-apocalyptic movie you're not in the
desert
post-apocalypse is a setting not a genre
the road is very different from fury
road all right you're convincing me
I don't like fury road week story week
max I can understand you saying the
story's weak because there's not much in
the way of exposition your plot how can
you say max is weak if you're an idiot
why do people think that I have I become
because he doesn't he's not he doesn't
personally kill the big bad guy at the
end maybe it's not like he does nothing
that entire movie mm-hmm how the whole
fucking plan to go back to the Citadel
rather than like starving to death on
the empty seabed is his he saves
everybody's fucking life in that movie
right right no he he has a good
sympathetic turn at the beginning there
no you know what furiosa is doing for
most of that end action scene you know
what Mad Max is doing oh he's up jumping
on trucks and throwing bombs around yeah
it's a fine it's a thought of the piece
people like them rich people I don't I
can't explain why people think the
things they do rich I don't understand
it
anyone who doesn't get fury road doesn't
get us max is a broken man in fury road
and he's more interesting because of it
sure but here's the thing though I don't
think these people understand Mad Max
cuz he's been broken in every Mad Max
movie he's a he's a he's a heartless
fucking monster in road warrior ha ha ha
ha ha he doesn't give a shit about
anybody he wants gas
uh and when he doesn't want gases
motivation is kind of just like revenge
he's always been a broken character who
gets caught up in other people's shit
yeah that's his whole shtick not Mad Max
he still has his family from oh yeah but
the original is like an origin story
that's true that's also the least action
II of them oh right that's the one that
it like looks that he Mad Max is the one
that looks least like a Mad Max right
here at this point he he does less
action stuff in the original Mad Max
than he does in fury road right agreed
yeah I have no idea how people could say
he's he's a weak character who doesn't
do anything in fury road that's that's
insane it's insane rich it makes me
wonder if they've actually seen it or if
they just bought into some kind of weird
I by the political nonsense they
probably bought into some weird hype
about political nonsense is my is my is
my honest guess no don't let that keep
you from seeing it Matt it's a it's a
fucking amazing action movie it's it's
you you would be shocked by how much of
the movie is a car chase Haley is a car
chase 100% of the movie is a car chase
your minds gonna be blown and here's
here's what gets more exciting about the
movie a hundred percent being a car
chase it is also 100% exciting and
engaging yeah there they drive to a
place and then you know what they do
they turn their ass around and drive
back
I fucking love every second of it
gorgeous movie saw that the theater I
felt like a kid jag right I felt like a
kid watching a movie like the first time
right a bit of an exaggeration but
you're filled with Wonder yeah you fit
you know and you know what you know what
it does it's a spectacle it's a good the
guy riding on the car playing the guitar
with a flame oh it's a goddamn spectacle
mimicking doing fuck you I just don't
feel like Mad Max does much in movies
it's a car chase that takes time for
characterization Tim Jack knucks huh Lux
Lux Lux I wanted him to die at first of
course and like other sperms gonna get
it yep oh I can't wait til he bites it
Oh max is gonna do something terrible
this guy
coolie no no it's cool
it comes - yeah no I know like that's
yeah I don't I don't know like what I
don't know what has become a people
where they've bought and into this like
they've bought into this weird thing
where and and I think this is a lot of
this whole raise a MarySue thing to
where it's just some sort of backlash
against this push a female
representation and I think it's the
dumbest it's I don't even care how you
feel about that it's stupid and mad
Max's Kay in fury roads case cuz Max is
an extremely fucking prominent
protagonist in the fucking film of
course he is but I'm agreeing with you
I'm just saying I think this is like
this is the pushback there's been a push
in a poll and people are dumb kender
soup get out of here we've gone through
this we've gone over this all raised
MarySue things I'm done with that I'm
done with it we're done with it the off
switch I saying something incredibly
stupid well the reason I think gray Jedi
are stupid is because I find the idea of
an individual being able to use dark and
light to be at odds with the original
right to be an odds of the original rear
part I can agree with other like like
LED power glad you think fight powers of
the make I thought I was gonna get that
nerdy it didn't get that nerdy
I apologize for calling you an idiot
right a new ji philosophy would be cool
but darkside equal bad well you could
you could just turn the notion that dark
side equals bad on its head you could
you could pull something out of your ass
I mean everything Yoda said was pulled
out of somebody's ass there's no actual
there's no actual philosophy here what
is the force is a made-up thing what I
apologized when I first started reading
that I thought it was gonna be like
light fight power with Kent
work fight hard but stupid I thought it
was going there I thought it was going
there I was wrong and I apologize Abby
could you imagine with mace windu using
lightning bolts like haha that would be
as silly as a Gore back pilot everyone
knows Gore backs can't fly but but crude
matter rich yeah we are nothing but a
crude matter yes true that's just the
harsh fact of reality this is it kids
money isn't everything we know it's all
that's a crude batter yep
alright we were done I'm done I gotta
catch up let's good we talked for a bit
no we've had lots of just good comments
that have led to discussion tonight and
we are so backed up right now no that's
fine
that's fine go for it go for it Huff
harder that says hey guys knowing my
username is a lame joke to get rich to
say who farted and farts ever be funny
and movies Blazing Saddles did it but
now if modern movie did it it's
painfully unfunny thunderpants maybe
just the wrong people are doing I hope
there is something I want to comment on
the master says I agree that fury road
is amazing I just don't get why calling
people idiots for not enjoying it as
much as you were I'm not not not I'm not
calling it anything for not enjoying it
I'm calling you an idiot for saying that
Mad Max doesn't do anything in the movie
right that's the comment that's the
comment right if you didn't enjoy the
movie that's fine but if you say that
Max is a weak protagonist then you just
haven't seen the movie like then you're
then you're wrong and maybe you're an
idiot because you know you were facing
the wrong direction when the movie
played uh if you say
I don't like cheeseburgers that's fine
or that's fine but if you say I don't
like cheese murders because I can't have
potatoes in my diet I'm going to say you
are wrong there are no potatoes in
cheeseburgers and I might call you an
idiot
I'm not saying I will but I might
so I'm sorry rich okay go on that's fine
great necessitate says hey what how rich
and Jack taught me to be a man part one
of five guys I just became a dead this
year we found that the sound of
conversation helps put baby to sleep I
sometimes put on prereq streams near her
crib oh god oh god that kid's gonna grow
up all weird for reasons I don't really
understand my Mormon mother-in-law moved
in with us when baby was born one day I
had your first XCOM stream playing next
to baby when mi L walked in the room
mother-in-law mother-in-law thank you
for walking the room at that point in
the recording rich started talking about
how the chat always talks about his huge
dick a very frank conversation ensued
with mother-in-law about what the baby
should hear ha ha ha I love it well we
were arguing the stream continued to
play and I had the surreal experience of
fighting with her while Jack and Jay
were yelling about hunkering down I
really hope this is a true story anyone
believe that it's a true story
anyway we clearly established which of
us was in charge of parenting our
daughter me and things have improved
markedly Oh many thanks
hey we helped I don't know how you won
that one it's it's really easy to win
when they're over at your house cuz you
can just tell them to leave by the way
no and you know what babies can't
understand shit like you tell you you
could say anything you want to a baby
they don't understand the human language
but they do like people talking to them
that's true ok
flying magical Flying Tiger since I'm
with your kid Jack tell them that cheese
is overrated
I respectfully disagree Babji says but
don't you think killing Han at the end
of Jedi gives him more satisfying
character arc selfish prick ends up
sacrificing himself for his friends at
the end ultimate selfless act yadda
yadda they did that an empire it would
be redundant getting getting frozen kind
of you know it goes along with that him
him not leaving immediately to pay off
the hots him sticking with Leia to get
Leia out of there then he gets caught
and frozen because of it think oh yeah
well the enemy of the first movie then
in a new hope no hope he could have left
he didn't an empire he's still around
you know yeah I figured at that point
he's I suppose in Empire he is talking
keeps talking about going back to Java
yeah yeah Star Wars is a fairy tale the
fairy tale ends with everybody hugging
together and and the princess and the
guy get married I'm not I'm not saying
it it's the worst idea I'm saying I
wouldn't have done I think I think we
got that kind of dark pay the price
moment with Han with with with the
Carbonite freezing sure I think we
already had that moment but that's just
my opinion ya know and I and I I think
you need the happy ending
you need the happy ending because of the
style of movie is you can't you can't
have too much bitterness in your
bittersweet ending I do like the idea of
like kind of loop going off on his own
the solitary Jedi thing they talked
about things like that right at the end
of it yeah there's it was gonna end on a
more somber note for Luke oh okay yeah
maybe everything is learned everything
he sees and he's you can't celebrate
he's gotta go dude Jedi the Savannah
he's got to rebuild the Jedi's this is
something like that gotta go do boring
monk shit yeah you're already doing that
yeah
you can't fall into the trap that sad
thing happening makes adult work you can
have have you can have some happiness
and you're ending and it's not it's not
immature necessarily well and like I
Star Wars stylistically is these oh wow
I said that on ironically and I'm sorry
Star Wars is designed to be a take on
these classic tales and these classic
tales have generally speaking the good
guys win two happy endings didn't end so
well for King Arthur come on now
cherry-picking so III think you need to
have you know I'm saying I'm okay with
bittersweet but you have to be careful
that you don't end up with mostly bitter
yeah okay I'm with you
and I think arguably Han dying is it's
it's it's doubling down on the Han Han
playing a price because that kind of
already happened ya know and you know
what I really liked the way they handled
it in the force awakens I think that
yeah that was that was a really good
character that was fine time to kill Han
Solo that was a fine time and so I was
like they found a way to do it
Harrison Ford is very happy now he can
just show up to the celebrations and not
have to deal with being in any more
movies yep
hammer camp says sup nerds I sent our LM
the gummy worm after all the years of
content you've given me I'm so happy to
have given some back Oh No thank you for
giving us your worm Oh anonymous says I
know this is beyond lame but it's my
two-year anniversary on Friday and rip
saying the phrase these two years
haven't been shipped words and stuff
would make my girlfriend's year beyond
thanks these two years haven't been
shipped words and stuff they haven't
been shit they have not they have not
been it not been complete shit hey these
two years they haven't been complete
shit you know there's some corn in there
there's some corn in there
it took me it took me too long to get
that I'm sorry right it's all right I
wasn't with your eyes all right God with
the gun since I don't mind stealing
bread from the mouths of decadence but I
can't feed on the powerless when my cups
already overfilled but it's on the table
the fires cooking and their farming
babies no idea what any of that means it
was referring to
sounds like communist pop propaganda
okay or a line from a movie yeah and I'm
not I'm missing it like that sounds like
something from Braveheart or something
right what's that from you talk about a
lot of movies it's probably from
something brother oh god I gotta feel
dumb because I don't know it right
flopped over beefcake since if we can
take a tiny tiny break from Star Wars
for just the briefest of moments
can we get a hashtag Project Hornet
update not yet sonic mousetrap says you
can remove one core race from Star Trek
ie voyagers bullshit doesn't count which
would you remove if any one race like a
major one there's there's so many that
have just shown up for one episode like
a major one think think about are there
any redundant alien races
the Andorians are something for the
Andorians blue antennae people white
hair didn't show up that much yeah they
didn't show that their founding freaking
member of Starfleet oh yeah yeah they
don't show up that much for no they
don't no they don't
I'd have I don't you know what work
we're trying to get through these I'm
sorry I gotta think too much on that I
got to think too much on that think
about it over the weekend non-sensitive
bag says thanks for answering my
questions about youtube red by the way
rich my girlfriend and I loved launching
your planket performance and feeding
frenzy she actually thought I put an 80
slash and so she saw you bet you thank
you I'm glad you enjoyed it
loader argonne says to Jack I'm Jack I'm
sorry I opened that battle scar about
your child who is a Peter
oh yeah that's Ben and it's it's a every
day's a struggle here is 20 dollars to
compensate the pain you experienced you
go jackets all yes no it's part of it
and it's like I'm sure when I was
younger I was a picky eater too like and
I and you grow hopefully that that's all
I can the the really tough part is I
love adventure eating like I just want
to go places and eat weird shit yep and
and so the hardest part as a parent is
not being able to share that with my
child it's like hey guys let's go to an
Ethiopian restaurant have you ever had
Ethiopian food you eat it with like the
spongy bread and you just like dip bread
and goo and you eat it and it's tasty
gook in like this weird spongy bread
sagen I could never eat Ethiopian food
alright your food allergies it's not
just well algis more than that I can't
think of Ethiopian food without thinking
about a starving child covered with
flies and and that that fat Betty from
all in the family talking about how
desperately they need food well that's a
whole different thing it's just it's
just not an appetizing thought you know
it's delicious food it's delicious food
so like that that's why I like it gets
my it gets my goat a little bit because
it's like
that like kind of exploring food-wise is
really important to me but one day maybe
one day uh or man my rom says by the way
just recently bought a ps4 slim with
bloodborne for just $200 nice thank you
guys for the endless recommendations I
did expect to like this game but instead
I goddamn lovin it was worth the ps4
yeah it is alright blood-borne is
fucking amazing Sally Struthers thank
you chaps no I like Fanta baby that fat
Biddy issue we need to give food to all
starving children oh the red epic says I
agree the Connie refet didn't the Connie
reef it is beautiful have you had a
chance to see the new 3d model of the
enterprise see the Ambassador class by
Andrew Probert the new model is how it
should have looked at TNG I don't know
that I have seen this hmm um Eddie I I
will look into it
the ILA love love me the constitution
class refit and we are caught up how
would you do that
people just try to start shit in the
chant look what escaped cage says that's
purposefully just trying to start shit
where's it says blood-borne is horrible
and we you as far better than for this
for like yes that's like so obviously a
joke is like worried about a hen Channel
it's so obviously a joke I would know
what are you doing it's obviously a you
too can't get upset about something
that's obviously meant to be a joke but
it's like not even a joke I don't even
understand the joke is that it is so
impossible to be their actual opinion
because it makes no sense right
it's her Stan
hmm okay oh we've got we're caught up
well shit I got a thing
the Wii U does have Bayonetta 2 that's
true that's true that's true and a fan a
fine back catalog of games it has plenty
of plenty of fine games the Wii U I'm
not saying we bad saying like compared
to the ps4 well it really it's just
that's just a comment about blood-borne
like his cellphone MLG Freeman damn same
sounds I don't mind the fuck that baby
Yaga la la for 16 months in a row says I
seem to be stuck at 3 months
pretty sure it's 20 what you're 16
months in a row baby yo they're saying
there's a mistake there or something I
don't know Oh weird that's Babylon yaaaa
or babba
oh man I said it wrong now baba yeah
baby yeah oh I say baby yoga Lala that's
better yeah koala
that's the which the famous witch baby
yaga yaga oh okay
Joe kitty double O one Jim Doc's power
fantasy says oh my glory
missed you fucks Cheers bruiser and
bruiser ink is what I'm sure that's
supposed to be mr. shy smile for 30
fucking months in a row G bunny
8:8 TC 209 says roses are red and ready
to pluck play star control - it's for
you fuck ha ha Shawn underscores for 19
months in a row says you were wondering
if people can hear you when I was typing
so yes I could hear you several hours
ago our CMC me 84 mr. Beebe's 423
fucking months in a row
says so the memory on my PC is going not
sure if I want or pray not for it to be
BSOD in the middle of oh my god
luck would be appropriate timing yeah
memory is if it's your RAM just buy some
sticks it's cheap um lemme he says be
weird that your memory would be going
did this work it worked
Jack attack rudely rudely interrupted me
but I'm saying your name and the thing
you wrote why don't you say it again I'm
sorry that's fine I was I was thinking
about like why would you like you know I
guess rule just slowly could does Ram
slow down after use isn't there a way to
clear your memory cache I had good
problems involving Ram before yeah I
don't remember how I diagnosed that hmm
I remember I remember I had to change
out my RAM once but it was so long ago I
don't I just don't remember what the
computer was doing wrong like I've
upgraded my RAM before but I've never
had an issue with it look at look into
uh look into that um Lenny says did this
work it did star killer sanitation says
four months of loving you ain't enough
prereq tum low NR says Jack it's all
your fault
you know what you did I knocked over the
wheel of the worst three years ago home
town markup for 32 fucking months in a
row Annie Yammer digger blue says seven
months though auto flagellate er says
looking forward to CGI Bea Arthur in the
last Jedi one kuru if Flora's 984 Bob
Mick nuggets Jordana
Chris Gaines mm says please continue to
confirm all my opinions and play only
the games and watch movies I like wait
this isnt the nerd crew fried pickled
herring the brown coat mk2
probably mark - the brown coat marked
you is what that's supposed to be
gentlemen bears Oh a formal rebel low
fold Rebelo fold is that named Trent our
quality pixel boo Cambron ski Oh when
Thunder guns that's a great name oh and
thunder guns boom usury yeah Wow use
your name 30 fucking months in a row Ike
so low so is also 77 Zoll so that's how
you say that I think it's also 77 um
what's up and man that is moose that's a
great name casual horse says what up
bitches
how many months and for 17 months in a
row I got distracted because he costs
and I like the cuss words guy casual
whores for 17 months in row says what up
bitches our bitch damned one of us Wow I
assume II have 78 Nazzaro gruff Mick
military sixteen months a neurosis ah my
sweet sixteen do I get a car great job
guys please keep it up we'll get you a
pretty dress and we'll throw you a
quinceanera
vx 1 3 5
freewheeling Pope emphasis spambot 88
says for months always fun to watch you
guys appreciate your work dark matter
for 21
fucking months in a row keep on truckin
says doc dark matter are miller for 20
fucking months a neurosis very okay very
okay yeah that's what I feel about this
Frisco Jones for 32 fucking months in a
row
and sir Danforth says kumquat
