Episode 083
The First 4 Hours of... Serious Metal Detecting
May 22, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOgr-bW4r_0
___________________________________________

I was told to come in today we're doing
the first four hours of yep and that I
can't know what we're doing the first
four hours of okay are you ready to see
what we're playing yes this is the
fucking guy standing there in the woods
what's he holding roots as a mine
detector that crutch oh my god is a
crippled soldier
oh no this called Special Forces oh no
no it's a game we are playing today is
called serious metal detecting
previously recorded plays the first 400
it's are you ready right so you ready to
take a journey with me I'm ready to be
bored ten minutes from now once this
concept gets old right let's move out
let's detect some metal tv-series
growing what the hell is that look it up
wait Oh
okay digging left-mouse shovel our
shovel our and out of that so now let's
let's get down let's get down in the
dirt here great what the fuck is wrong
with you can't I guess I can't I can't
believe my dressing you there ha ha ha
ha I trust moves and I got it I got it I
got next four hours of I got it I know
what it's gonna be
rich would you look at ok you told me
I'm looking at it you're looking at it
that's pretty good one I think it it's
around there somewhere you know my wife
don't worry you get the next turn as
soon as I sign it says in our bladder
that's your stomach that's your
hydration okay so we need to like eat
yeah no I'm fine I'm keep howling weak
beeps we got it wait till we find like a
strong beep and I'll or a different P
for something I don't think it's gonna
work that way oh I guess it does oh my
god
rich it's happening it's happening oh oh
we found a treasure boom yeah we found a
trail sure we found a treasure we found
it what about what I find what did I
find an old Russian coin from 1977 boom
but
tres yeah shredder what did you find
this stuff oh shit
rich look at that it's an even older
Russian coin maybe or just a coin oh
there's water people swim and loose shit
all the time we're going to head towards
that water rich that's a plan I'm
serpentining and in hopes I'm not
covering more ground to cover more
ground or unlocking that's that's some
mad serious metal detecting stress we
got rich we get we're young you're gonna
you're gonna go get some some beverages
as for metal detecting to healthy
example detect small metal rich we got
that we have some metal to detect rich
got one
serious matter the Tecton going through
the woods and looking for meadow serious
metal detecting you'll find some rubles
but also some garbage oh look at that
we're hungry were through well we're not
hungry and thirsty yet fucking starve to
death all right hey he's the questions
that should be our goal we got to find
out if you starve to death or absolutely
free copic price for hahahaha the lesser
makes no sense sorry kopeck only to
seize balance its balance one three is
four one three two oh look at this rich
you're on an egg in exotic Beach oh nice
oh oh oh oh it's kind of swivel-eyed too
dude hey nice I'm good I'm down with
that
yeah ball cap oh that's nice man let's
save some time
bottle cap Battlecam bottle cap
boom just wouldn't look frisson bottle
cap bottle cap bottle cap
bottle-cap why do suppose our guys going
like army outfit ah I don't know yes
hahaha
there was a fair that's fair enough rich
fuck it
second fair enough man yeah you know
I'll buy I'll buy some canned food I'll
buy a tuna so small you knows where we
find out if we could starve yeah
whoo look we're really close to starving
it's going to be exciting
we're gonna see what happens when I see
what happens okay we're getting close
here
what's your hunger looking like your
thirst and all that okay I thirst is
that zero all right so now we wait for
death rich no it's gonna keep digging
yeah that's the game keep digging until
we die rich that's the game
all right I'm out of food nothing
happened I get a little bridge horrible
little bridge oh my good oh hey I dug
underneath the bridge oh oh oh right
click right click we're gonna have to be
right over it right
I love this
there's my new favorite bridge right
here look good get him to do it was
wonky thought I walk through the other
side like cry look like they thought
enough they thought enough to like like
halfway through it yeah and like oh if
you try to like clip here know that that
is solid but then they're like no eighty
is going to just walk through a bridge
in the middle
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
what do you got for me the Necronomicon
if you can squeeze it now maybe we can
go around
oh no I'm tramp adrift
hoping this couldn't help me push
through
you are absolutely stuck in here I'm
absolutely second you know the angle of
this must have been enough to get me
like into yeah in but it's not enough to
get me out hold on Trey did you find
anything in here no your horror story
yeah this is a horror story
come on abandon cabin in the woods and
now you're trapped the supernatural
forces will not allow you to leave the
cabin
