Episode 084
Witchy Woman (Bayonetta 2 part 1)
May 26, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyY5DDOQVyQ
___________________________________________

welcome to welcome to the oh well well
what well what son of a bitch we have
like half a rich we have like half a
rich Evans hold the horse that's that's
that's enough there's a lot of me to go
around how about that though now we get
all the rich Evans action look at that
now we are ready to go welcome I'm we're
okay we're here now we're here now
how's everybody doing this fine fine
night everybody what is everybody doing
okay cuz you know we're feeling pretty
good you feeling pretty good the
weather's been great today I rode my
bike here everything's been great so
this is Bayonetta 2 Bayonetta 2 we
played the band out of one yep I had a
hate issues with I didn't I didn't love
it as much as I thought I was going to
after that first few hours with the game
the it
Bayonetta plateaued for me uh-huh uh-huh
you know that first that for the first
third of Bayonetta is is really a solid
rock solid and her as a character she's
fantastic
but then it just plateaus and it never
gets better you know yeah yeah and then
you start you start like reusing levels
you're fighting the same enemies over
and over again it gets a little button
mashing leaders issues I don't you know
I guess I really don't like the bosses
boss fights and not my favorite style of
boss fights yeah we talked about this a
little bit in a in our in our Zelda
breadth of the wild review which is oh
he's back you know the best boss fights
utilize the exact same mechanics as you
are doing in the rest of the game but
they're just harder those are those are
the best boss fights
oh are you I'm telling the game to start
great let's do it Jack her up on a farm
give him a break why why why are you
doing in giving you a ring why are you
giving me a break what about we're just
talking about trying to be nice we're
just talking about Bayonetta
uh yes Dell long but but basically we
played oh sorry I was I was gonna go on
to a different subject so but oh we
played Bayonetta one yeah found some
things lacking yeah I'm excited to give
Bayonetta 2 a chance cuz I didn't I
didn't like go ahead everything about it
right there's a lot of good to bad in it
yeah I'm looking forward to this great
great I know Indy long schlong wanted to
know if I caught the season premiere of
Fargo have you seen any Fargo yet no I
have not oh so fucking good and the
season premiere is so good sir Ewan
McGregor plays two characters and he and
both have you know like about one of my
favorite things about Fargo's you know
they always have some sort of like
small-time criminal but they all speak
in that like you / Minnesota oh hey
there yeah accent and it gets me every
time
and so you and McGregor is playing twin
brothers who both speak in the u4x and
it's correct it's alright I want to see
if something amazing happens that's not
how a moon works that's the same thing
okay just start on a crotch that's a
fine way to start oh there's no another
multiple crashes and we have two
Bayonetta's that's probably Jean Jean
Shawna wears white hope you're playing
rich
nobody knows where the world came
I don't know no rich does not know about
vanquish yeah
I can't wait for that for one hello for
Vanquish apparently somewhere in the
code to Bayonetta there is an easter egg
featuring the vanquish armor and so
people are starting to they had all
right vanquish you know came out in pc
somewhat recently no bayonetta banette
up there came out a pc somewhat recently
yeah a few days ago something like that
two or three days ago there was a an
update to bayonet up it was a small
update like twenty-two kilobytes and
apparently it was an update to the games
extras and you know the extras full of
like a lot of like you know avatars of
bayonetta mmm-hmm but the 22 kilobyte up
alright
I'm wearing a little back and that's
kind of cool that's adorable
alright the update debated oh it's just
they had an eye on avatar a little image
file but it's not Bayonetta it's the
player character from vanquish right
people are taking this as a strong hint
that there will be an upcoming vanquish
steam release it's possible uh-oh it'll
be fucking glorious Jack what platinum
has been you know releasing all their
shit on PC now and you know if they keep
making money why would they stop why
would they stop I'm not gonna say that
like it's because of us and our hash tag
no bring vanquish to PC got damaged
Twitter bombardment but I think we helps
rich I think we helped
oh look at all that hair oh I think they
replaced a time slow down with just mega
hair mega hair attacks the vanquished
gods may smile upon us all yes they may
they may indeed it'll be it'll be very
interesting when it comes out because
obviously we'll have to do something
about it
I like just just so we can you know play
it and have an excuse to play the whole
thing but you know can we can we do a
previously recorded or do we need to do
a game station 3.0 that's the real Dan
and on one hand I'm watching this the
other hand I'm looking at chat that
voice is so different it sounds
different but it could be the same
actress who's just a little older games
not that old huh Wow you've always
changes in five years
well at least you're the silent type the
last sage I met spent 20 minutes
rambling yep I'm gonna look it up
who that when I look up if it's the same
voice actress or a different one
oh it's Papa Papa don't preach Papa
Jesus Papa Jesus by the way same voice
actress is it
Helena Taylor well we got the volume low
and we're yakking hello I'm just I'm
just putting it on I just put that out
there
a same voice actress Helena Taylor in
both bayonetta's this game looks weird
as shit yeah they're kind of weird it's
about witches fighting angels you have
guns on your feet you use your hair as a
weapon it's it's weird but you know what
we're okay with it
beyo not how I died of light was lost
from the world forever along with its
possessor the last of the lumen sages
anonymous says hey rich yeah yo that's
it alright cool just hey hey you know
what just hey rich just hey
uh-oh
but oh my head stiff I wanted to talk
about what I'm forgetting you talk about
anytime you want I had but I'm four oh
no I'm remembering I'm remembering now
there is there was it was just announced
over the geek wire the the nerd news
service that there they are working on a
live-action Teen Titans TV show yeah
which you know for fans of Teen Titans
this is very good news but here's where
it gets very strange so if you're
thinking like where were they gonna
where they're gonna play a Teen Titans
show TV show live-action where would you
it weird you soon
ah see CW because it's really got arrow
and whatnot of course that's that's the
the are enjoy so absolutely it's not
gonna be on CW sure they are starting a
DC centric streaming service it'll fail
yeah yep
a brand new DC centric streaming service
and you know who knows that there's no
word yet over whether it will have any
sort of monthly subscription charge or
be like the CW app where you know just
run its own commercials but oh lordy
just oh we need another streaming
channel yeah
you know what I love most about
Bayonetta's character model how on
terribly tall she is I love it and it's
just like how every Eve like you know
obviously Enzo is ridiculously short but
even with against the normal people
she's just she's a giant she has a big
personality and I love her
we both unashamedly love the character
oh god yeah oh yeah so in any case DC
starting streaming service it's it's
gonna fail wildly because it won't like
it won't have any videos right my
they're gonna make it the only places
you can see well you know the hype the
DCAU batman the animated series they're
Superman Show and Justice League they'll
they'll take that off of anywhere else
for the air at now you you know what
that'd be nice yeah - want to watch
Batman the animated series the
adventures it'll be nice to have to pay
for a whole fucking stream of streaming
service just for that shit no it won't
be nice well that won't be nice unless
they go commercial they might go the
commercial route where they run
commercials they probably won't they
probably won't but that'd be me and
that's that's all they got that's
interesting hey I got some other movies
oh sure well they have all their
animated features and it's you know they
play they put all the movies on yeah and
then you know they're making a another
season of a Young Justice
oh and so your wacky hey John and this
time John has long hair now they
switched that's fun it's John Warner
Brothers in general streaming service
might do decent as long as it's under
five bucks I mean like I guess I have a
big movie catalog maybe but this is they
have built this as a DC Centrex
streaming service yuck you have a Warner
Brothers centric one right that would be
great yeah that would be fun to get all
your fuckin movies on there yep and then
the DC stuff is just a bonus that might
actually you know you over the tipping
point no and you know what it like then
they could name they could you know they
could pull all of their stuff
well movie studio has done this just put
all of their stuff on a streaming
service somehow but you know what
smaller has like I think Troma has its
own service there there's like a couple
like niche ones that have their own
streaming service okay we can just watch
any movie at any time J would know about
promos more than I would yeah smaller
ones do but like then they could pull
all of their superhero stuff from like
CW and Netflix and just have like the
entire flash arrow Supergirl legends of
tomorrow back catalog you know that
would offer them something
that that is one classy outfit she is
right absolutely
the Golden Rose holding its again yeah
yeah everything's everything's all in in
all the bayonetta's everything's just
delightfully over-the-top see where they
were just like you know it would be fun
let's have her jump off a taxicab just
because we can just because we can in
case people don't understand that we're
trying to have a little fun here all of
those shows are terrible yeah I'm not
caught up on agents of shield I think
there there was a new episode of like
yesterday and I did not see that yet but
I'm mostly caught up it's not that I
like I said I'm mostly watching it out
of sheer momentum at this point so so
it's a bunch of man did everyone see the
the cloak-and-dagger preview looks
pretty interesting what is this
it's a have you ever heard of the Marvel
comic cloak-and-dagger oh yeah yeah are
they doing that on Netflix and no not on
my foot no no no probably terrible then
uh-uh and not on ABC it's Oh hold on
something's about to happen
she just punted a fighter jet that's
beautiful
by the way Gino suave yes
cloak-and-dagger looks like juicy juicy
teen trash I am going to love it
team trash oh yeah so cloak-and-dagger
cloak-and-dagger on out teens and and
they probably love each other and it's
gonna have some issues and it looks
actually it looks pretty decent oh Jesus
oh wow Wow
of course there we go
yeah all right I got a little just hold
on that camel toe for as long as you can
I'm mr. big 70s beehive I do I do
I agree look I mean she's still spanking
a minute or so that's all right oh wow
see look her hair is not attached to her
outfit isn't the first one I'm just
saying it is in the first rider okay
this is the second game what do you want
me to say we played the first one her
hair is attached to her outfit okay so
here's the thing about cloak-and-dagger
it looks really good and look it looks
like juicy team trash right um but it
looks like it's shot really well but
it's not going to be on Netflix it's not
gonna be on ABC it's not gonna be on ABC
Family uh-huh it's going to be on
freeform what the fuck is freeform
it's a streaming service the what
streaming service to many streaming
services stop this shit it's a streaming
service that you don't have to pay for
um is is so annoying that alright
alright very knowing but you don't have
to pay for it it's it's it just um Oh
ABC Family is freeform well the freeform
is the app
it's all it's going to come to the app
wait touch controls I don't want to play
touch controls
reform is ABC family renamed Oh so it's
going to be an ABC Family show is that
it because they have the free form has
an app as well I guess they all have
apps
they changed the name up
in a case it looks really good
I'm pretty excited about it doesn't come
out till next year though so I have no
idea why they're starting to promote it
now but I'm pretty excited looks neat
looks like that like just like dum-dum
teen drama with superpowers it's gonna
be great about two people fall in love
and but you know like maybe they're not
supposed to maybe you know like you know
he's from the wrong side of the tracks
and she's a good girl it's still
interracial yeah we got that's what it
looks like it looks like she's like a
ballerina
and and he's you know just a dude and I
get power somehow I don't know
I was going to say Marvel isn't that
dumb Jack who do you think they are DC
right it's just to me it's very strange
that that a Marvel would spread out
their shows like this you know why you
got you got agents of shield here you
have all of the Marvel Netflix stuff
here then you have something on ABC
Family which apparently is called
freeform now and it's like to me it
seems like they are they're spreading it
out oh so you still do yeah I'm just an
intro thing
you
it's too oh no I know cinnamon I know
it's a disney-owned channel but it's
like why it seems weird to spread it all
out unless they're there just hoping to
like use the Marvel name and the
superhero genre to bump up ratings for
ABC Family which I guess makes sense but
as a consumer it's annoying and I know
they don't care about me
you
cloak-and-dagger have no real big-name
rivals seek it out anywhere well you can
make you can invent new characters that
can be rivals for them I yeah look or
you know maybe they just fight like you
know criminals just regular criminals
right get the drama elsewhere cuz you
know like it's a team show so it's like
yeah we just fight regular criminals oh
god I just turned to see him in a Santa
Claus outfit oh yeah that's great
I thought they they fought drug dealers
yeah that would make a lot of sense
there's a there's a drug dealer yes yes
indicate in their town right low-level
like they're the lowest of they're not
even street level they're their suburban
level you know this Universal level City
level street level and suburb level so
it could be funny like I said watch
watch the cloak-and-dagger trailer and
it looks like very some really
impressive cinematography to the point
where you won't you wonder how much is
like in the actual show
and how much is just propped up for the
trailer and and in the in the pilot
okay this is a good this is fun
that's a nice fake out yep
boom Briand climax rich
they can fight teen pregnancy oh um you
know you know there's going to be an
episode about that you know it wanna
wanna daggers friends is gonna is gonna
you know be into a guy and unsure
whether they want to go all the way and
they're gonna have a little talk
which have you ever played a Devil May
Cry game did you die I mean I you know
the thing the hit X came up and I just
played it with an Xbox controller and X
is in an entirely different place yeah
yep never much I think I think they had
like a demo set up at a store and I
played a little bit of the original but
I don't know if I've ever played it
either for no particular reason it
wasn't it wasn't hate I just haven't
played much of the double make right
right
oshi on
you
how much of like bayonetta development
is is giggling during the writing
process just just all of all of the
writers going okay okay here's what we
do then we have a second jet show off
dagger gets addicted to caffeine pills
absolutely I'm so excited I'm so scared
you know cloak has to you know spend
time between between fighting drug
dealers and making it to football
practice
oh no oh Jesus
all right seems like this has replaced
the like the torture chamber attack
oh okay interest I got my magic meter
filled and I hit L on a did that okay
well I hope there's still special
torture taxes were fun I get I can deal
with that
all right being replaced with this
I hope they give dagger the peekaboo
sideboob costume drive is probably not
gonna happen
dagger is being played by a former like
Disney Channel actress and I'm pretty
sure she's young enough where we don't
want to see that which one's beat which
one's B oh my god I was doing a little
reading up on it on the show just
because you know in general interested
and this actress is playing dagger you
know she's on all these Disney Channel
shows and apparently is like she was on
like a show called like kicking it or
something yeah and she's like an
accomplished martial artist and now
she's gonna be in this shows like oh
that's fun I got someone who can do the
moves and in pure Disney Channel fashion
she also is a singer and as an album I
did not listen to it
she's 19 now so it's fine yeah but she's
playing someone under that so we still
can't be okay with it
Gama yes her suit Bayonetta's suit
occasionally disappears when she attacks
because she attacks with her hair and
her in her suit is her hair her suit is
made out of her hair and so whenever she
does those major attacks she has to get
her hair from pull her hair I'm
somewhere so it's just logical fucked up
that Dodge
okay I can hear the voice now that said
yeah Oh cinnamon I did not hear that I
know um it's it's getting close this
summer you are going to hear rich Evans
voice in a dream work animated cartoon
series the worst part about it I'm sure
ah
and it's so far we know it's gonna be up
on the DreamWorks YouTube channel we
don't know if it's like I haven't heard
if it's getting picked up for regular
television yet you got a cast that rich
recast that rich Evans yep
listen you're taking the whole thing
down everything was super fun this one
character no though pissed me right off
I can't explain why we record how long
ago did we record that Wow
let these six take time oh yeah they
take time but it's it's coming up soon
ish yep is called too loud and it's
gonna be on the DreamWorks YouTube
channel and this is you know I don't you
know I I read the script and it was kind
of fun we had we had a little recording
session right here at the studio so so
wish could do his voice and we'll see
we'll see if anything happens
it does not rich is not one of the main
characters but you know he's in it
but rich to loud unpossible dearth
Stevens is not know this is not Project
Hornet we still have no update for
Project Hornet as it's a slow process
this is just a fun thing that rich did
you know we got a message one day going
hey I'm making a cartoon I want rich to
do a voice and before I gave rich a
chance to answer I said sure rich we'll
do it because why not it's fun
because I can make those decisions for
rich you need to know that
beautiful that's a crazy fun
well just like giving it yeah you know
the first part of the other game is
crazy fun too
I know I know yes I'm Rich's agent rich
rich pays me in in hamburgers Mike my
contract is very simple whenever rich
Evans gets a hamburger
he needs to rip off a chunk of it and
give it to you so it's pretty nice so
far I get a little bit of hamburger here
no it's pretty great it's pretty great I
cheat him all the time yeah half the
time I you know I order patty melts
instead because patty melt is not
technically a hamburger did you get on
purpose
yeah breach of contract that's rich
contract I gotta I gotta look back I got
to look back at a contract ah
No
oh do you have to go rescue sir razor
from hell that was awesome Jean oh yeah
sorry you have to rescue John from hell
I presume
oh great that's a fun little twist oh
yeah you had to fight your hair thing
honey
standard burger tax entertainment agent
clause textbook absolutely but
apparently rich has been cheating me
with patty melts so I guess I need to go
back into the contract and see if it's a
specific hamburger clause or just any
sort of beef between bread clause in
which case you owe you back Oh me like a
dozen patty melts we're gonna look into
this we're gonna look into this Mike did
Mike did do some voiceover for TIG Tom
right but that never really went
anywhere no this was just like it was
just a weird thing the the guy who's
making the cartoon got a hold of us and
said hey I'd really like it if rich was
involved in this and we made it happen
let's see here oh I'm so sorry I've been
I've been it's a beef with inbred claws
then you have then I have a case for
getting up percentages of all beef hot
dogs you're right captain nitpick I
think I've been thinking into small
scope let's see here anonymous says hey
jerk and Roarke what advice would you
give someone starting a freelance
business other than don't start a
freelance business you idiots
lol free my lands it's really hard at
first working for yourself because you
set your own hours and obviously be
there there's a super downside of being
a freelancer where you never know when
your next paycheck is going to come and
so then usually what ends up happening
is you end up working far too much just
because you never know when that next
paycheck is going to come and so I the
only advice I have is work all you can
it is work all you can
which obviously is the most simplest
advice I could give
all right let's see what we got here oh
yeah here we go
gobbledygook says a streaming service
filled with material online from the DC
Universe how often no matter how bad
something you might seem to be do online
offerings ever fail anymore our people
still paying for AOL well that's you
know like that's the big question with
their streaming services is it going to
be something is it going to be an HBO go
or is it going to be something that's
free you know like the CW app
Oh what is that are you making a wall
risk
a hair walrus
humberto Cabbage Patch says hello hacks
what in your opinion is the best John
Carpenter movie what is your favorite
John Carpenter movies separate question
favorite John Carpenter vs. best John
Carpenter my favorite big trouble little
China SNES is pretty great it's pretty
great one his best Halloween is the one
that kind of put him on the map yeah I
still think the thing might be his best
oh you haven't I know I know
yeah I'll agree with rich my personal
favorite is Big Trouble in Little China
that's such a fun movie yeah
lady straight here love yeah oh so I
think his best might be the thing and my
favorite is big drivel Montana
okay I'm sure I'm wrong and I'm about to
hear about it
what the fuck Ridge all right despite
the fact we we talked about the 17,000
times during streams yeah
for the longest time I avoided the thing
because I'm not big on horror movies
right I understand now I mean I've heard
about all the time it's a lot of good
sci-fi kind of stuff in there and I
probably like I just haven't got around
watching it yeah I'll get around to
watching it someday
I avoid it because it was a horror movie
I typically don't like horror movies
rich is not a horror person that's my
industry absolutely it's alright okay
anonymous as rich Congrats on the
engagement and future wedding you're a
delightful person that brings joy to so
many people couldn't be a better man to
get married Jack you're cool too I guess
so do they just have Sean's body laying
around somewhere yes that's great this
was something that I creeped me out a
lot during the first bayonetta were
these like sequences where they just
didn't animate the mouth but yeah we're
talking and I understand why it's done
that's you know I'm sure it saves a ton
of time and money but it's a little
disturbing
jack is objectively uncool I can agree
with them I can totally agree with yeah
Jack is uncool you're gonna say nothing
of me no they say nothing about I think
you're cool I think you're cool okay I
think rich Evans is cool okay I'm uncool
which I am perfectly okay with I'm at
peace with that no mouth animations
equal old school PlayStation days right
and it's weird especially like sometimes
it'll it will cut from like a cutscene
where everybody's mouth is moving to a
scene like this where the camera is
still moving but he's just making that
weird face
hey rich yeah says the blue prism I'm
thinking about getting thief gold off of
steam okay
got any words to convince me to give my
money to the developer but while the
developer is long gone
yeah looking glass studio died because
instead of bailing looking glass studio
out I doze chose to give more money to
John Romero and we got daikatana out of
it oh yeah that happen yeah um
supportive or not I know I don't give a
shit the developers just they're not
gonna get they're not gonna the people
actually made it are gonna see anything
right yeah and you might want to get it
off of gog gog do get it a bit of drm
free you get drm free and you know it it
works the the graphics are really dated
oh that's that's an understatement my
fuhrer this is an arrow when a nose was
just a texture it's a it was an earlier
3d game it and and it is rough you know
rough to look at their use of shadows
really helps as far as it looking dated
it holds up better than it should but
it's still really dated at this point
it's whatever you look at a person in
that game it's like looking at a box o
whenever you look at anything in that
game ever i mean it looks like there's
still some areas with a just some wise
use of shadow that's still that's a fine
that's nothing to find out oh it's you
know it looks I thought it looked
there's mods for this there's graphic
mods for it oh yeah yeah hmm I think
they've even a prick
I think they'd even improved like the 3d
messin mesh meshes oh god um on the
people okay so yeah I saw I take get it
off of GOG you can probably find it for
a better price and
they do they do good work there of Ren
GOG atomic mousetrap says when do you
think the superhero bubble will burst oh
god I hope it's soon no idea right I
have to imagine we're over the hump
maybe infinity Wars gonna be the mild
disappointment
I'll do terrible maybe yeah maybe that
Maura Marvel has already announced that
they are kind of restructuring the next
phase it's not going to be another phase
it's going to be something completely
different is what Marvel has just said
and so after infinity war something
something new is happening link-up with
Marvel movies obviously they'll still
make them as long as they make money but
I miss your old outfit I do I don't you
can go into practice mode if you want
just point that out here you know what
her beehive was really spectacular her
new hair is technically you know nicer
it's more modern yeah it's more modern
yeah but the old hair I don't know I had
some great charm to it that's it I agree
it sounds like Phase II will be leaving
after Avengers 4 right and and so that's
gonna be what's really interesting is
like as soon as Kevin phage ease out and
you don't have that strong producer
voice this phage you said anything about
being on the way out he can't be there
forever sure but it could be for a long
time
Jacobi he could just burn out though
after infinity world everything
everything's been leading up to this
leading up to this and they do that and
then what well now what asshole and then
you know like he probably also like just
for his career in sanity you know you
want a Seinfeld it like we're gonna
we're gonna leave while while it's
riding high I'll give the reins to
someone else and my job is done
I'm a gazillionaire now I'll run some
other part of Disney I have to imagine
part of this is passion for him I have
to imagine he gives a shit no all of its
passion for him yeah that's what makes
him
so special that's what make is the
Marvel movies work is the best layer cuz
that's why you're not gonna see I made
my money
oh no but I like what I can only imagine
he's thinking is I want to get out
before I make a mistake you know I want
to get for I make a bad movie possibly
but obviously he loves the weird awesome
Marvel galactic stuff like guardians and
Planet Hulk right but he's also just a
fan that's how he got started he was
that he was a director's no he was a he
was an assistant to one of the producers
on the first x-men movie and his
encyclopedic knowledge of the entire
Marvel Universe led people like costume
designers and set designers and even
Bryan Singer to go to him with questions
because he was on set with the producer
anyway and that's how he got his start
it's Kevin Fei Jie is every nerds dream
my extensive knowledge of comic books
led me to my job that's not the first I
don't think he was a via rods assistant
um whose assistant was he he was I want
it was it I don't it was one of the
female producers of the x-men movie he
was her assistant good what why was that
go for wearing a necklace I don't know
we might find out Greg is there a quick
summary of this story so ya know the
Bayonetta story so far in this game is
again angel showed up and John died and
her soul was dragged down to hell and
now we have to go get John soul so plot
of the first one was angels wanted to
resurrect God but that would end up
killing everybody cuz it would restart
the universe right yeah that really was
the whole story yeah but you don't find
that out until like way towards the end
really the story the first run around
and just race he thinks the first ones
was shoot to things like shoot
all the things that that move oh just
run around underwater head don't do that
how would you pronounce LOV is love is
LOV is lova slovis yeah love is is how I
would pronounce it but what do I know
I'm a fuckin idiot right
Oh Gina suave Lauren Shuler Donner was
the name of the producer who Kevin Fei
Jie was assistant to thank you for
looking that up for me Gino suave
alright that squirrels gonna be
something did they just cut to the
squirrel get just head out like its head
was in the frame I'm gonna sleep for a
second that I want away yeah that
squirrel is something that squirrel is
something no material you're on the mic
record
everything's fine great there I got
there we go
that squirrel is something I assume that
squirrel is something you can't you
can't set up something like that and not
have it pay off
you
oh you know what that's a really good
way of putting that jolt Aurora this
this kind of genre a spectacle fighter
that's what they were called yeah that's
that is a very good name for the zone I
was trying to think the name we were
talking about the other days and
character fighter character this
spectacle fighter that's the name I'm
sticking up and wikipedia has Bayonetta
listed as a hack-and-slash but it is
technically I suppose that has some
truth to it but it's a brawler it has
combos hack-and-slash is don't have can
booze
he's God of War a spectacle fighter
I gotta four is a button mashing
QuickTime event fest yeah but I would I
would be comfortable lumping that in
with spectacle fighters like okay
yes matters do you do big giant fight
moves we we Oh butter I love her
butterfly wings but Aflac it is a dude
and him yeah that sounds great
great Oh lock and slash that's hard to
say leftover beefcake
Sherlock and slash let's see here super
here bubble one's gonna purse out that's
it you know what that's a great question
it's a great question more so like will
we get into a superhero monopoly where
eventually DC fails and there's just no
one else whatever when our other winner
winner like independent comic developers
besides Hellboy gonna make movies right
Danish bit Ninja Turtles oh they go
mango 1080p ninja turtles they were
doing stuff I know for a while they were
talking about making an irredeemable
movie did you ever read irredeemable no
interesting story like a Superman esque
incredibly powerful superhero one day
does that like turns evil yeah and just
destroys things and all the other heroes
scramble to to just deal with not only
their friend but the most powerful hero
ever is now a villain yeah and and he
wrecked shit was it called irredeemable
they turn this to a film and there was
talk of turning it into a film that
sounds like a good concept yeah it's
it's a very interesting concept
I guess not totally new but well like
I've watched that in the movie ya know
right I read the first then again
Justice League movie Superman's gonna
come back evil possessed you know what I
think I think III heard a spoiler is or
you know like I think it's gonna go the
other way
Superman's going to be reborn into
classic Superman hmm
now that's one bad that's the SEC Snyder
in charge
Zack Zack you know that's not gonna
happen he's gonna come back is gonna be
the thrall of Darkseid and you know what
you're not gonna be able to tell the
difference right but I read the first
collection of irredeemable and it had
some neat story arcs it had some neat
ideas so I could see an irredeemable
movie so you want to you're trying to
think of none big Marvel DC comic book
movies what yeah The Rocketeer was that
comic yes what a very popular one I was
coming apparently oh you know what you
know what could use a reboot the rocket
see since city knives a phantom class
the shadow of course I was a radio play
first yeah yeah yeah but oh yeah the
Phantom I fucking love the phantom the
spirit spirit Oh Frank oh wow
transformers was a cartoon even even the
shadow doesn't count because that
technically is a radio bleh transformers
doesn't count because it was a cartoon
first Oh Chet the crow the crow nice
arch at there on it but where are they
now these are we're all talking about
you know mostly mid 90s early aughts
movies we're all we're all these Indies
now
they're wicked Scotty they already are
doing a dark gritty Archy it's a show on
the CW called Riverdale and and it's
Archie comics by way of Twin Peaks
and I know they tried to do what did
PlayStation try to do and it sucked
oh it sucks so bad
powers playstation tried to make a
powers TV show yeah sure as Xbox woman
and then on the Xbox one streaming no
that was on the place its PlayStation
nice PlayStation 4 streaming and you
know what it sucked
oh it was awful they do a live-action
halo
what happened to that did they do a
live-action 8 were they talking about
that they did animated halo that like
collection of like like the animal no no
they're gonna do like a halo thing for
Xbox screaming oh yeah to compete with
shit like powers ah oh man oh yeah power
list just got cancelled yep and powers
oh man that show sucked powers is a
really good book powers is a really good
book sometimes I worry about Brian
Michael Bendis you know just like how
much he works he's got to take a break
that man's gonna die earlier he writes
so much but powers is a fine book if you
guys haven't read it
you know I'd rather freak dance I'd
rather have break yeah I always bend it
just rights - it's true mall reco like
that he just writes fucking everything
and I'm not saying it's bad not
everything is bad but I just I'm worried
about his health railgun I'm glad you're
enjoying our Bayonetta 2 discussion I'm
glad you're enjoying her all right let's
see here my moose is loose as hi jacket
rich new here I just finished Mass
Effect Andromeda and I was wondering
what your thoughts on just kidding I was
trying to see if I could get Rich's face
to twitch love you guys
I think he did oh yeah yeah worry about
to worry about to be okay I would love a
the darkness movie supernatural mobster
film yeah that could be fun that could
be fun a queen of the One Ring says hey
guys have you heard of we need to go
deeper could make for a fun stream with
chat members playing along if you stream
it I bet I could even get my husband and
his man harem to watch love you I have
not heard of we need to go deep what is
we need to go deeper need to know more
than say name do you get be interested
I was reading about a game today called
you must be 18 years or older to enter
mmm and it looks like a like a slight
text adventure game where you're trying
to watch porn on an old computer without
your parents finding out hey hey it
looks cute it looked funny I don't know
if that's it I keep playing Bayonetta 2
yeah yeah yeah the other thing I was
going to suggest if someone is making a
fan version someone's making a fan game
that I thought could be interesting and
maybe we can do the next dream it is a
The Legend of Zelda breath of the wild
but in the art style of the original
Legend of Zelda okay okay so it's cute
it looks cute yeah so Nintendo will put
a stop of that yep super fast King
videoid I think a man harem is just a
group of guys that hang out a man harem
could just be a gay harem buddy is her
husband she's a husband so he could be
bi they can have an open marriage you
don't know that's true that's true I
should know you know what I shouldn't
put my own judgement on them what if
it's a man Haram is it Haram how you say
something is not good in for Islamic
people or is that halal Haram it sounds
that sounds like if something's Haram I
think halal is like they're kosher Oh
halal is good I think Haram then is
something they can't do so maybe it's a
man all right and maybe maybe her
husband can't hang out with other men
but he does anyway and it's Haram okay
sure okay that's all that's that's it
with your place I can go rich that's the
only thing I could think of
ah right let's see here are CMC me 84 so
hey guys since my save the wheel fund
was successful I will now start a let
Jack use the pling keto board fun not
only because he's never used it but also
to see how fast he can destroy it
hey I'm not the one that destroyed the
wheel when I pushed it over it didn't
break no I'm sure I'm sure they're gonna
like probably next time we film uplink
ghetto like obviously oh we need to get
all five in a minute I get it I remember
whether something LR now they're in a
line how many other one here Jack only
weakened did I did that three years ago
mike is just a monster we all know this
to be true
where's the fourth worst where's the
phone where's the phone
I don't know yeah fuck you gotta pay
attention this time had to do it again
yep is it under that I'm gonna check do
it is it is it is nice
for saving me from a shitty worker
you're welcome screwed smih groots yes
you know I when I knocked and when I
knocked it over that was only like what
the second or third wheel episode I did
not know this was gonna be a
long-standing bit this was like when I
knocked it over it was fine I didn't
break it
alright what was that
how do I get to the next area Wow
you know what I don't know it's over by
these boats anonymous says god damn it
Jack you started Phoenix right and
didn't finish did the goddamn steel
samurai kill the goddamn jackhammer not
um we'll find out Oh patience okay
I'll be fine it's gonna be fine never
never gonna play Phoenix right again
again never again you were afraid I was
gonna get fired after I knocked over the
wheel oh okay get fired I'm not sure
employed yeah you gotta be employed by
someone to get fired huh huh
how are you feel trace amount of what
something coming from it but magic whoa
alright so I get to something with us
for what but what you have to rebuild it
somehow powder right
yeah but how what's behind you and
nothing good oh go to that circle that's
it okay yep
any rlm content in the pipes my font
fiancé and I are scratching at a wrist
like crack fiends waiting for an upload
yes there's there's there's a best of
the worst that's in other words for a
while yeah yeah that one hasn't come on
a while that one hasn't come out in a
while there's a oh no that's the
squirrel who's that the squirrel well
I'm just a squirrel but it's just like
what new character
all right yeah I kind of miss her doofy
sidekick right Ches higher yeah Bieber
squirrel
yes it's sounding a little bit more like
Bayonetta now yeah shit he's kind of
awful I hate him already
how about that how about that they
haven't talked about editing a best to
worse on patreon well there there is a
best of the worst in the can I can know
if it's in lobbying film there no feel
fully edited no no that's what I'm
saying in the can in the Canon just
means yeah there there is a there is at
least one review that I know about in
the can and I'm sure there's other stuff
they're working well the one which did
well I don't think we wanted too many
reviews of us you and me in a row oh
right I'm just saying like I'm you know
they're asking about our alum content
there's this content on the way I can I
can confirm at least two things that I
know are shot who knows when they're
gonna come out but I noticed things are
shot at least three Oh at least three at
least three Oh rich knows of one more
you have knowledge that I don't yes I
mad that's that just also a
generalization there is obvious is in
general you know things I don't know but
also about stuff that our alum is filmed
you know think that alright that's my
husband
we'll garden to the galaxy to be
released next week in USA that comes out
this weekend Gardens is it this weekend
this weekend already oh yeah isn't it I
think it is May 4th I was in May 4 oh
that's not till next weekend it's kind
of good for me Karen just started the
new job this first weekend off from that
I don't want to be busy work and she's
gonna wanna hang out and do something
and I don't blame her I would love to
take the bikes out weather or something
next Oh next weekend oh man I headed up
I got excited for nothing I put the
wrong date on my calendar I got tickets
and everything all ready for guardians
oh you can still of course can cuz you
already learned the total taxes are
still there yay those are fun look at
that those are fun alright I'm enjoying
this then again I'm enjoying this about
as much as I enjoyed the first third yep
let's see here not back the Fiero says
tipping to say hi to my girlfriend ELISA
who will be watching when this hits
YouTube thanks for all the great content
you hax sweet Shack meanwhile hello
ELISA at Lisa bad news everyone says hey
guys can you reveal which film the new
rlm commentary is for also will Star
Trek discovery ever see the light of day
yes it will see the light of day and no
I'm not gonna reveal the next comment
arias oh yeah so eat it
you guys know it's way more it's way
more fun to find out when it hits that's
way more fun rival farm gang says I've
been watching you guys for about a year
now finally decided to take the plunge
and stop being a dirty freeloader
here's five bucks go get yourself some
cheap and delicious taco bell tacobell'
for five bucks I mean heck we get it we
could each get like a big box of tacos
and have left over for Pepsi that was a
great yeah that's great Dana is good
luxury bandit is really good like that
she has that ya know the the system is
there just I'd to many of the fights
were bad and the first one I know nakai
repetitive they count how many times you
have to fight those two gold claw guys
at once how many times you have to do
that right hundred oh here's another
here's the boss coming back for battle
it guess what it's a QuickTime event now
since I've seen plenty of copies on a
shelf I was wondering what are your
thoughts on the Guyver too dark hero I
have never seen it I haven't seen either
now the shelf women we haven't watched
everything that's on the shelf
this is shit people have sent to us yoga
all of them yeah
like are we there these are these are
best of the worst candidates right
everything you see on the shelves like
in the background are candidates there's
only we have two shelves full of stuff
we've watched only two out of all of
these shelves are full of stuff we have
watched in the past not MacGyver the
Guyver yes the angelic teabag oh that's
fun
but at least we know that kid isn't a
younger version of her maybe I like that
character that's fun heading the stick
head ahead mystic heading the sword huh
that's fun that's fun character
oh I know I saw that they're
re-releasing night trap they're
re-releasing a physical version of night
trap my because nostalgia why because
nostalgia night trap was always ship
it's one of it I think it's I think it's
so bad it's good you know like it has a
cult following now her sword face he is
a sword face I like him I think he's a
that's a neat design
let's see here anonymous says will you
get night trap 25th anniversary edition
and what do you think about it I think
it's garbage it I only kind of know of
it fucking hot garbage look at that's me
like I only know of it and from what I
know of it it looks like hot garbage oh
it's it's terrible it looks like just
one of those games where you have to
absolutely memorize everything you need
to do mix that yeah memorize everything
you need to do and mix that with a
little bit of five nights at Freddy's 4
you're just looking at monitors and
that's the only gameplay mechanic right
it's garbage
it'll-it'll looks like yeah it's cheesy
hahaha Dana Plato's in it's garbage
let's see here this time it's lupus says
Jack I watched that folding ideas vid
about Man of Steel and it was great I
also watched his video here movies have
become and it was incredibly eye-opening
thanks for the recommendation you
absolutely you guys want to watch some
quality there's something inherently
authoritarian about superheroes
inherently mmm kind of yeah I mean like
they they know what's best for you so
then so they're gonna go outside of the
rule of law to make sure it happens yep
I'll be with you there I'll be with you
there but uh folding ideas is this guy
he has a YouTube channel and he he
primarily focuses on editing and like
what editing can do for a movie he has
this amazing video about Suicide Squad
and every single problem with Suicide
Squad Nick that's how I found him I saw
this video and it's it's really it's his
attention to detail is incredible but he
also has this amazing breakdown of Man
of Steel and actually like for for a
long time in secret I haven't told
anybody this I have been working on a
script for a Man of Steel breakdown Yayo
of my own because I've always felt that
an idea of a good movie is in there did
you ever see Man of Steel
yeah like there's an idea of a good
movie in there and Zack Snyder just
fucked it up and so you know like not
telling anyone and really kind of
half-assed working out I've been working
on a script to break down my own
feelings about it a script I will no
longer be working on because this guy
fucking nailed it with his video haha
nailed it it's a beautiful Man of Steel
breakdown about all the things that were
wrong with it and and the biggest part
the biggest thing that's wrong with it
is the entire movie is dedicated to will
Clark save people that's that's you know
like Jonathan Kent doesn't want him to
save people because that mood mean he
reveals himself and so much of the drama
is bent on whether or not he'll save
people but the opening action sequence
of the movie is of him the movie on
earth is him saving people from a
burning oil rig and so they answered the
question before they asked the question
and it's beautiful
s what kind of hate that that take on
his origin what what you know Superman's
been rebooted number of times over the
years yeah yeah I've always liked John
Bryan or burn I got Briggs burn okay I
earned a high friend of house names
we're like you know
Superman's Kryptonian parents say you
know the extending of this little
disgusting mud ball but you know you'll
have powers there he'll be able to rule
them like a king that was their thinking
when they sent him to earth this is
basically this alien takeover plot was
foiled it was foiled by a kindly Kansas
farming couple yeah to taught Superman
right I like that aye aye vote Matt you
know my favorite Superman has always
been the Adventures of the animated
Superman yeah and yeah and both Mon
potkins are alive and well and he has a
good relationship with them and he's
just all the aw shucks here oh yeah I
don't I don't like them being dead right
agreed or John it usually it's just
Jonathan he's dead it it's nice to you
know he's just a farm boy you can see he
goes hi mom how you doing you know it
goes the Kansas every now and then cuz
he can fly there see a fly there it
helps out on the farm does those dishes
know we do the dishes mom Yeah right
yeah right that like that Superman
that's the feel-good hero wanna say that
was part of I don't know if that if that
was part of walkabout where he just like
he was having a really rough day and he
just hung out with his mom yeah he's
like I'm I you know gotten to you know I
saved some people but I knew there was
more I could save mom and he's all your
son you're doing all you can you know
just like oh that's that's the Superman
I want heart-to-heart Superman Oh Bob
Kent does not need to be dead huh Kent
does not need to be dead this whole this
whole superhero parents need to be dead
thing needs to end Clark does his farm
chores in two point two seconds yeah but
he still doesn't that's yeah yeah the
important he's fuckin Superman
I think fly the fucking moon he wants to
do it every fucking mods right yes oh no
take care of his parents he spends two
he had to the chores using a healthy
relationship with his parents who are
both alive
that's the Superman I want you know what
else I was thinking about huh you know
something I hate what about Zack Snyder
about well about know what I hate about
Chris Nolan that Zack Snyder and the DC
Universe has bar
from no they got rid of the fantastic
cities add those were always silly like
metropolis and I'm you know what it was
here's what it was it was different
yeah I don't I don't know why that
inherently makes it worthwhile
be it well because that means that that
made them have their own voice like
metropolis being this giant white
sprawling techno topia and then Gotham
being this you know old Catholic dark
places I'm sure sure cities had some
life to them and of course like
metropolis being you know giant and you
know what about when you get like
Keystone so there's somebody well
needless cities well what I'm saying
like metropolis in general like you know
they had like the giant walkways going
from skyscraper skyscraper it was a
playground for Superman right it was a
place that he could fly around and do
his Superman shit and because of Nolan
just everything Chicago or New York now
mmm it's like it's just a little boring
don't you think got oh that's a good way
to put a Gina suave Gotham and
metropolis were almost characters
themselves absolutely I'll agree with
you on Gotham and metropolis I'm just
thinking of the DC as a whole keystone
stars stars right no wonder so many
bullshit DC cities well you don't need
and you know I don't know that much
about those cities and so
metropolis and Gotham art is the
idealized and grim dark sides of New
York absolutely but you know what they
were they were fantasy they added to the
fantasy of these characters and I really
liked that and I don't like the Lee
Nolin ization
of the DC Universe did Zack Snyder make
metropolis and Gotham right fucking next
to each other because he didn't know oh
that was the dumbest thing Ryan was the
dumbest there are also neighbors now
which is the dumbest I didn't know why I
was necessary just pacing wise oh just
so the building and Gotham could be
destroyed it's not like it's it's it's
not like Batman good fucking Bruce Wayne
can own a building in Metropolis know
that that building wasn't metropolis
that was a it was a wait so there is no
reason that they're next to each other
there's literally absolutely no reason
although the only reason is the
transporter argument where it's just
easier to have them next to each other
for travel because oh yeah no Ritz it's
his metropolis branch of Wayne Corp that
gets bombed you know in the in the in
the incident or whatever so no it's just
bullshit and we don't want to spend any
time traveling so we'll put the cities
right next to each other
they did mention metropolis and Batman
Forever yeah but they're not literally
right next to each other you don't know
if you don't know uh in Batman vs
Superman Gotham and metropolis share a
border you can you can stand on a
building in Metropolis and look at
Gotham you can you can in the movie in
the movie you can be standing in
Metropolis in Gotham at the same time by
straddling the border they're right next
to each other no isn't there like a big
there might be a berry there might be a
river between River Bridge it's probably
a bridge though oh yeah I think you
could stand on a bridge be standing in
both cities sure I think I think it's
supposed to be like a New York New
Jersey thing where they're you know
they're you look upon them oh no Jesus
he's heard time travel Sun God of course
is wait and where's chess higher where's
our chess higher they had they had a
nice repartee in the first game her in
chess your honor yeah but she would use
him like a Kleenex
that that makes a fair amount of sense
yeah or just like where's his analog is
is this guy suposed to be chess hires
analog knows this is her time travel kid
yeah no you're absolutely right
you don't see what the big deal is about
Gotham and metropolis being right next
to each other atom like side the eye the
only problem is then you have these
heroes who are right next door to each
other all the time and so why isn't
Superman doing anything in Gotham all
the time like the the idea with
metropolis and Gotham being relatively
far from each other is that's why you
can have different heroes in these
cities
why isn't Batman crossing the river and
doing any good in Metropolis I'm sure
there's crime in Metropolis and it's
only a river away but Gotham is his city
right and it's so it's like it starts to
break down the established rule
of the world and once you start asking
these seemingly pointless questions
you're no longer paying attention to the
world the penguin would be far more
worried about Superman right why does
anyone care about the Batman when
literally a cross a bridge is a God who
can fly to them in a second why does
Batman even need to exist you know the
name of the Man of Steel video what was
it called uh folding ideas is the name
of the YouTube channel and it's an older
it's one of his older videos obviously
Man of Steel is older and don't be
disturbed that it's a puppet head he got
rid of the puppet head later on in his
video but for this for the Man of Steel
video whenever he talks it's like a
little puppet okay and it's a little
weird because you're just kind of
watching a puppet talk but oh god he
just kicked the door down like she does
too
yeah rich is totally right you're
totally right oh thank you Jeana suave
fur for linking to the video so that's
the video all of his stuff is fantastic
he he has a real real sharp eye and like
I said he focuses mostly on editing
which is something I really enjoy and he
has a great way of articulating his
ideas and showing footage to point out
to uh to make his to make his point see
great channel great channel he one of
his one of his videos on Suicide Squad
and all the problems with Suicide Squad
went viral a little bit ago that's how I
found the Man of Steel one so
Oh does he have a Fight Club rich and I
were just talking about Fight Club I
didn't know folding ideas that a Fight
Club video now I gotta watch it I gotta
watch it out selling rich I think that
Fight Club was the first time that I
remember at least loving a movie but
hating the other people who loved the
movie it was it was it was so you know
fight clubs a great movie but the at
least the people you know that were
around me at the time I was totally my
fault yeah oh yeah you failed the people
who were around me when Fight Club came
out loved Tyler Durden and Project
Mayhem and they were just like this is
the greatest thing we should start our
own Fight Club and I was like well you
know the Tyler Durden is the bad guy of
Fight Club right and they're like what
the fuck you're talking about he's so
cool let's do a thing where we where we
have to you know prove our worthlessness
to and I was like no but that's the UM
is like Fight Club there's a whole bunch
of people who saw it and just didn't get
it and it was infuriating to me it's
still very good movie that wasn't very
good so the uh oh nice so Fight Club was
the first film I was pretentious about
kind of you know what kind of
the Firefly effects many of the fans
didn't get the irony of the Project
Mayhem brainwashing right the fact that
project where it mayhem had had menial
tasks and uniforms a lot like he had in
his office job it was great but you know
people didn't get it and that's a
question that that leg comes up a lot in
the artists community anyway so rich I'm
gonna pick your brain on this yeah whose
responsibility is it to make trivia
Dean's gets it is it the artists
responsibility or the audience's did you
get it huh did you get it yeah I got
then I was a movie for smarter people
Wow I don't wanna I don't want that a
lot of people misunderstood psycho I
agree booger but like I have I have like
traditional artist friends you know like
painting people who paint and make art
like that and this conversation will
come up a lot it was like you know what
responsibility do I have as an artist to
make sure that my message comes across
and usually I'll lean on the side of
it's the artists responsibility like if
you want to say something make sure that
you say the thing right so she can to
dumb down what you're saying so
everybody can get it that that's the
balance rich Evans that's the balance
that dreamer TK says bow roll right and
that's the thing where it's it is both
of their responsibilities well that
Dodgers not in time altameyer you are
absolutely correct Fincher doesn't care
if you get in Fight Club or not that is
very true hmm David Finn he Kazemi does
it yeah yeah he he doesn't care if you
get it or not
like I said if for me it was just one of
those realizations where's like oh god
people don't get it oh that's horrible
those are the same people that worship
the Heath Ledger Joker
you know those assholes right right oh
rich you do have healing items
apparently someone told me to tell you
but really if rich was getting good he
wouldn't need his healing items
yeah look this is fairly casual
playthrough while we're streaming and
talking Absalom not super worried about
picking all of the ass
agreed
humberto Cabbage Patch says I had never
seen Howard the Duck before so last week
I got really fucking drunk and watched
it Wow that's all it's it's so special
that Howard the Duck and I don't
completely hate it
they were trying they were trying for
something you know what it's been a long
enough time where I kind of want to see
it again I think God what's-his-face
he's a disgusting human being who I
believe is in prison for doing something
or other with a minor but Jeffrey
villain in that guy from beetlejuice
then beetlejuice yeah the principal from
Ferris Bueller's well from Ferris
Bueller yeah he did do something clean
he did something creepy but he's good
Howard the dark you know what he's a
fine actor but oh yeah I remember that
he did some creepy well Jeffrey Jones
there he had I think they caught of a
child pornography and oh is it yeah it's
been a legitimately long time since I've
seen how are the doctor but I mean I
think that one is we should make a list
of the movies that have been ruined by
child pornography all right that would
be extra depressing Ferris Bueller Star
Trek the motion picture oh yeah
oh yeah I need I need a solid Rika I
remember watching that when I was
younger and of course like every
warm-blooded heterosexual boy all I
cared about was tail eonni know Lea
Thompson Lea Thompson not tail I mean de
Leon it's great too but Lea Thompson was
in Howard the dog yeah yeah I got I got
my you know younger attractive ladies
mixed up T le unnie's fine choice too
but lay at Thompson
Ashley use that now Allah whatever I
should have used that now yeah I was
dumb yeah yeah oh shit yeah oh man Lea
Thompson that late that lady that lady
does stuff to me I like her last
Thompson is also the only reason why
jaws 3 is worth watching
oh man a dark wing schmuck I don't know
if I three that apparently that's what
that's what dark wing schmuck says about
it that's true new key hunter it's like
you know we can we can talk about just
things that have been ruined by that
stuff in general yep can't ever watch an
old episode of Cosby Show again
let's see here Sarah Chen says sorry for
God if I asked already but will you all
play the bonus story dungeon for Zelda
already got my cheap switch t-shirt for
link gonna start second playthrough soon
I'm at five hundred five hundred core
oak seeds oh there's no way I will ever
collect all the crooks we're just
talking about this how don't like
collectable things and games I don't
like at least the core ox do something
yeah I get it up to I'm comfortable with
the amount of weapons I'm having and I
am never I am never going to have them
all I don't that's just never something
I am going to bother whether or agree
I'm also not a big like find all the
baubles person I appreciate that they
put so many in that it's fairly pain
free to collect just as many as you need
yeah but there's no way I would get them
all you know what you know what i'm not
i'm not a find all the baubles person i
tell you what i am though open up all
the math person yeah if they have a fog
of war map i am not satisfied until that
in 100% open yeah Noma even if I don't
have to I love just knowing the entire
area I am I am probably going to wait
until the the final deal c4 that comes
out of the winter one whatever okay and
then I'll play it again okay okay that's
fair
cuz I know you did you finish your
second play for you
yeah that's I got all the shrines and
that one that's great that one I did all
of the things
all right so where's that kid where we
going where is that stupid kid can your
stupid kid Jack super metroid stream i
like super metroid didn't we play that
already once i don't know we did stream
that one no listen no but i'm not sure i
don't remember i just don't remember
super metroids a great game it's a fine
game alright let's see what we got here
sean underscore said I bought a 3ds and
the game just to find out who the real
criminal is oh I assume you're talking
about feint a Phoenix right but I have
been too busy to solve the case but
thankfully my billable hours are on the
honor system so I'm still making Bank is
it you know what it's a fine little
detective game those those Phoenix right
games fine I want a bit more logic
puzzle deducing things yeah agreed
some like sometimes the the answer the
solution you know not being not being
able to present the right solution at
the right time is a little frustrating
but she got rakesh aha much with a jack
did you ever like funda Boondock Saints
when Boondock Saints came out that was
the indie movie fucking everybody and
their brother loved Boondock Saints I
have never seen boondock saints.the
boondock saints when it came on them
like everyone saw that movie and loves
it and part of the reason why I stayed
away from it is generally the people who
were super into Boondock Saints
were super assholes another one of those
like fanbase versus the movie like
Boondock Saints a very popular movie so
I'm sure it's a fine movie but I could
not stand the fanbase but I'm not saying
it's bad I'm just saying I don't know I
never saw a lot of people a lot of
people oh is there there we go Boondock
Saints is awful Boondock Saints is
terrible love boondock saints.the
boondock saints is all rights nice we
got all three of them now we're good we
get we got all three but I I would I
would a no you know what I and I don't
care to ever see it I don't care to ever
see boondocks and so it's probably not
going to happen a lot of times I'll say
maybe I'll get around to it but I just
don't care anonymous says hey guys I
remember people being sick and tired of
world war ii shooters and then they
started making future shooters and
everyone one of the world war two back
yes
so here's Call of Duty World War two I
wonder how this will turn out in
November Jack can you move Rich's mic
out of his manly face I think it's like
they're I think that's what people want
it was set up for a commentary track Oh
what oh whoa whoa whoa watts and by the
way ironically that commentary track
Blue Duck sings name is not doing back
science
yep
no spoilers damn it I would that was
just a joke it was not boondock saints
but we were just talking about when i'm
saying so i thought it might be funny
okay let's see here rich says rewind
shock if you become famous doing voice
work after your minor role in a one-off
youtube cartoon what what is your
biggest caviar dream how fast will you
ditch these hack frauds around and hit
the weeaboo voice acting circuit um I
don't think I would ditch these guys
this is a these people have been my
friends for many years you wouldn't you
wouldn't you wouldn't say peace out
motherfucker just give a good deal I I
might I might occasionally say well no I
can't fucking film the meril I've got to
go into studio right to record some
things I have to you know I have my own
career now so MIT maybe you could work
around my schedule right right
Jack who do you think is savat are
Sabbat are an important question so this
season on the flash the evil speedster
cuz every season needs to have an evil
speedster
it's Savitt are who claims to be the god
of speed okay but he's clearly not it's
clearly just a person in a suit of armor
but we don't know who that person is and
I'll tell you who that person is it's
Wally West I think I think okay it's a
fake out it is a god of speed huh maybe
it's a fake out and there's got a speed
well that we know that was the fake out
when he was first introduced we all
thought he was the god of speed but then
they found out that he was just a dude
in it okay I think it's Wally West they
keep become because the big the big
thing that's happened is the flash
accidentally ran into the future
again again well no last time he
accidentally ran to the past this time
he accidentally ran to the future and he
saw Savitt our kill his beloved iris
West oh yeah super Oh
and and so they've been training extra
hard so he can get fast enough to save
her and he's just not fast enough but
what he discovered was that Wally West
who is now Kid Flash is fast enough and
so they've been pushing him really hard
to get faster and faster and train him
more and he's he's a little egotistical
and he's a little resentful and he's
he's got those like evil seeds about him
so what I'm guessing is they push him
too far and he turns into seven
oh my
I like the flash and I think it's a fine
show I think it's a quality show and so
I have no idea what the fuck I'm talking
about the flash the CW's the flash TV
show so I right now that's what my guess
is it's it's wall-e it Wally West has
never been a really important character
it would have some emotional depth and
so that's that's at least what my guess
is so the key to stopping savat I would
be then to stop training well unless it
would be but they'd you know they don't
know that yet they're still trying to
train Wally West
so he gets fast enough to save items so
are they gonna kill Barry Allen at some
point in the CW flash oh dude no god no
no no they will never he's bear that
that actor is their bread and butter
he's his charisma is what's holding this
show that's and not the greatest show in
the world together he's a very fun
character they are banking off of the
charm of their actors and it's working
and no bad news and chews I did not see
last night's episode I'm um I'm working
on an edit right now and so I don't have
a ton of TV time unfortunately so I'm
like a Ananas to you like a man into it
I mean so far I can buy a tattoo Jack it
looks good it looks good so far I'm like
in the fights but then again first stars
but now that was our exact problem
Bayonetta is just like it has such a
wonderful build and then eventually that
build stopped so that doesn't health and
pain I really I really don't like most
of the boss fights that game that's a
good chunk of the game the big boss
chapters are dedicated just to boss
fights that are just and they're just
bad bras vice and QuickTime events yeah
agreed agreed and edit on our LM edit
yeah I'm editing the next previously
recorded which I'm hoping will be out by
this weekend if I can get my ass in line
so we'll see look
so our fates and our paths cross is that
him I want to say the voice is different
but I thought that about bayonetta at
first alright looks like him oh yeah and
he got those glasses right from from
little cerveza ooh yeah that's him
oh yeah okay Kesha is this great
chemistry I forget what his real name is
Luca Luca that's what it is he's
fantastic yeah so I'm this one they're
gonna fall in love and do the thing and
that's gonna be the kid from the future
I like it well bad news and chews I'm
not going to read the Wikipedia article
on hoose avatar is because because I
know nothing about the flash these kind
of things can be a surprise to me so I'm
not going to read up on who these
characters are that does sound like a
different voice actor that sounds very
different Yuri Lowenthal I believe for
the first one Yuri Lowenthal he's done
voice work in other games bunch of
thanks back it's an easy trade to get
him to make
for me and don't get it twisted
bayonetta stalking you this time at
least
I know you've got nothing but secrets
well that goes for any woman right
what so am i spelling around that's
still URI he doesn't sound much Shiva
did you have to realize we're listening
this because we're talking and we're
streaming we don't want to pick on the
mics our volume on the TV is down pretty
low yeah for some reason my my phone's
not working can someone uh did you do
your spoiler homework check I don't know
I don't I don't like I said I don't want
to look into who sabotages someone tell
me in the chat if that's the same actor
if Bayonetta is seven feet tall in
Cheshire is 8 feet tall
yeah maybe he's wearing like platform
shoes because he feels insecure I love
it by the way definitely I really I ever
I hope he is someone look imma look up
the IMDB of Bayonetta the real gates of
Hell listen oh they're saying it's the
same guy yeah really look uh yeah yeah
alright let's see here gobbledygook says
little tip to shout out to all my side
chicks out there who may or may not be
watching this on the down-low
when this prereq is replayed on the
re-up fo shizzle my nizzle - rizal - fo
sheezy man easy I'm glad I didn't have
to read that that's gobbledygook s' the
traveler speaks yes I do need eggs I'm
gonna stop oh no I can't stop and get
eggs I wrote my bike oh darn it did a
voice sure he was Prince of Persia okay
so he's done other things too I can't
think what they are offhand but guys
been around for a while sure sure
I can only assume how that's how it
works with basically any voice actor
yeah like yeah you know once you start
doing games like oh yeah that guy you
those voices he's Mike alright let's see
here only child says hey guys have you
seen max Landis's video of his pitch to
DC for a reboot of the death of Superman
it would have been a great retelling of
the story I really wish he would have
written it I have not seen that up to
I've seen a couple of Max's videos I
think I've told this story like when
when Max when they first said that max
landis was coming to to be on an episode
I my first thought was oh that guy who
makes the fun videos I just thought they
were inviting another youtuber to be on
best of the worst I had no idea he was a
screenwriter and then once I figured out
he was a screenwriter I had no idea he
was John Landis's kid that's how that's
how little I knew of max I was like oh
great you're getting that fun youtuber
to come be on the show wait he's a he
works in the industry wait John Landis
is his dad so and I still have not seen
any of his movies I have not seen a max
landis movie oh you stuff a bitch
I haven't seen any of his movies and you
know what this weekend I tried to watch
Dirk Gently yeah I had some free time I
was gonna watch Dirk Gently and I
couldn't find anybody to stream it and I
have BBC America and I don't like it's
not on their app or anything it's really
frustrating and I didn't want to pay for
it like I'm not gonna pay I'm not gonna
pay extra money like you can buy it on
iTunes but I don't know pay money so
yeah I've heard good things about
Chronicle never got around to seeing it
I haven't seen the one with the lady
trifles good articles really good I've
heard good things about chronica I just
haven't seen any of his movies but
American hustle that was there no that
was an American hustle it was uh just
run it in a way that's great
Jack I don't want to spoil anything but
if you watch Dirk Gently make sure you
get some red string and a lot of pen and
paper
oh well no that's that should be good
like it should be a good mystery a good
little detective story and you know with
with weirdo sci-fi elements as it's a
Douglas Adams property but it was just
one of those things where it's like I
like I finally had a chance to watch
something of Max's yeah and it's very
likely I will talk to him again in real
life at some point and I want to finally
be like hey I finally saw one of your
things you would say I hated it well I
know you know what I could I could be um
you know what I didn't really didn't
like that uh-huh turned out but but you
know what what's going to end up
happening is I'm sure like next time
here comes our other day I say I haven't
seen any shit max I'm sorry I think
you're an all right guy
thanks for coming around but I just
haven't seen any shit all right now ROM
says rich yeah do you think a full
playthrough of vanquish will be possible
in one stream possible yes like a
celebration after all those years
campaign is about seven hours long as
long as ready no death run of an on
stream once or twice well the only the
only caveat was kicking my ass
oh yeah the only caveat would be if like
if we are going to do that we would need
to also record all of the gameplay
footage to use in an episode if we sure
sure so we'd have to figure out how to
well we could just do it full screen
fuck it
oh you want well the sound though right
we couldn't have our sound I know you
figure that out you figure it out you
figure that out and then we'll do it
we'll do a special vanquish day welcome
to vanquish day well if we do it you
probably wanna play the game yourself
but you want to watch me play through
the whole fucking thing first that's a
good point it's a good point rich yeah
I'll just bring my computer and play it
off camera
okay we'll figure it out max might not
want you to see some of this shit thanks
to the horrible studio interference
fantastic for anyone max didn't have
anything to do with Fantastic Four oh
yeah he wasn't involved that at all I
was there was a guy a directed Chronicle
but I heard director Chronicle and end
up to do with Max and the scripts had
nothing to do with Max and rumor has it
that that movie was garbage before
studio interference there there is there
is a how come I can't dodge these you
touched one egg I like rumor rumor is
that people who have seen enormous out
of that movie oh oh my god that took a
ton of your help getting behind these
guys not smart not yep Josh Trank that's
that's who directed that movie oh and
that really was a mess did you see that
for its fan for stick why would I hate
so it's you know why it's baffling it is
bizarre
it is a dark weird creature movie where
you don't like anybody in it they don't
really do anything it's weird it's a
Nizar movie like I would almost
recommend people watch Suicide Squad
because of how bad they fuck it up it's
an exercise rich like just to watch it
and say what studio development a lot
like that people who know I've talked to
people who know and they say the the
original edit of fans for stick is
unintelligible that it is only halfway
like a cohesive movie because of studio
in
interference so I know there was a ton
of drama on set
apparently max I don't know if that
that's the story I should carry so
nevermind let's see here where we go oh
here we go gobbledygook says the
location of metropolis versus Gotham is
irrelevant to the general audience that
the Nolan's file it's silly when they're
literally right next to each other
agree but uh for the stories they are
trying to tell within the format of the
blockbuster it's fine and it's distract
if it did distracted me it was so silly
they were right next to each other as a
the right next to each other
that's distracting even even in the
sense of a general audience and a
blockbuster movie that that's uh what do
they call logical dissonance like there
was that point of the movie go wait why
are the cities right next to each other
why are these two giant cities right
next to each other did it does not make
sense also just in the real world you
don't see two giant metropolis is right
next to each other even New Jersey is
not a giant City to be fair yeah what is
that Rob the Twin Cities was that st.
Paul nah yeah no those you can if you go
up on a tall building in Minneapolis
yeah you can bear you can see a tall
building in the far distance they are
not across a river from each other okay
okay even though like they are a short
drive away they're not they're not
ridiculously close to each other like a
Gotham and metropolis
that was like I said that's that's the
transporter that is that is lazy
screenwriters need quick transportation
which is the only reason that these they
have a man who can fly across the world
in a second
yes but Batman can't they need to get
Batman to Metropolis quickly how else do
you do that if you're a lazy
screenwriter how do you do that right
you write it so that he doesn't have to
go across the earth right to get to the
next plot in the story exactly you the
answer is you write it differently
let's see
