Episode 088
Fri-Jay the 13th (Drunk Driving Edition)
June 2, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMbz-Bb11J0
___________________________________________

story person yeah he was a story person
and he produced it okay but he's not the
director and so I think right you know
camera wait if we look at all my shit
hey sweatsuit let's have a talk I'm just
gonna follow you
fuck you I'm gone oh you're bugging me
Jay your indecisiveness fuck leave me
alone
look in this drawer I would have follow
you fuck off fired said says which film
franchises prequels fucked up their
continuity go away lady she's been
pantsed you I'm going this way
anyway what's the question you know what
I think it's a fine answer to the
question go away lady which combs
franchise prequels fucked up they're cut
know anymore alien Star Wars or x-men
eigem fuck x-men x-men it was was first
class bad no first class wasn't bad what
the hell is this
what's the prequel to fuck things up it
will it won't say the movies after first
class where now we've got like multiple
timelines especially Age of Apocalypse
just Apocalypse
those are both prequels yeah oh wait
well the question is are prequels yes
Oh Age of Apocalypse is a prequel age
it's that Age of Apocalypse it's just
called apocalypse
it's just x-men apocalypse apocalypse is
a prequel to the x-men movies alright
alright I I don't watch these things
well it says it's a prequel to the
original movies but a sequel to first
class right but first class was also a
prequel to the original yes yes yeah
they're prequels uh and they fucked up
the timelines super hard
hey KC's nice hit the wait wait wait hit
the don't don't touch anything hit the T
we've got keys we've got keys follow
that woman with the battery
where's the battery one of those two
dots outside had the battery other way
damn it
her follow pinky Oh doctor okay and take
me to a car we
map Oh fine both of these people holy
shit we're good to go let's go we don't
have a map we will follow you to any car
don't hit buttons Oh car we need a car
everyone's just standing here do you
have a map Shay hit the start button did
you find one you do yeah we do have met
all right we got to follow them just
take it easy and follow them they're
your best shot of winning Oh even this
lady she's bugging me all game track
suit know what I don't say it does it
what it's not a spoiler okay if they
find a car yeah I'll get the car running
yeah if they do this successfully J has
the keys he's got a drive he perfect
perfect J you're gonna have to drive a
car I don't know I've been drinking many
the Vera King this is how many donations
do you need to get Mike to play Star
Trek bridge blue and VR okay a lot of
people asking about that huh our twitter
both both prereqs Twitter feed and my
personal Twitter feed is amok with that
and I cannot say this hard enough never
gonna happen is that officially out uh
yeah yeah I think it just came out like
we don't really care about VR we don't
have a VR device and Mike doesn't come
to streams uh-huh there are three what
do you fuckers doing why are we
understanding don't worry about it just
keep following them I think they're
following me cuz nobody knows where to
go all right just go to your map oh shit
okay you're close you go straight just
keep going straight go straight to that
car is it yellow no I'll go to the other
going right a little bit
yeah it's follow that row a color go
right no no the same way straight there
straight all that rar file that road
it'll take you to a car okay that's
gonna be the blue car
there it is
do you see the blue on your map oh yeah
yeah that's the car you have to go to
the other one they're not gonna help oh
shit yeah this is the to see now they're
gonna do it anyway all right well you'll
be yeah you have the keys you'll be fine
can I get in the car like one more day
things they need wait wait wait don't
move
do we want do we want it do we want to
find the four-seater all right let's go
to the other car
don't put the gas in the dip with the
Gessen dare I put the gas on
son of a bitch okay
battery someone has a better ear yeah
well if I'm fucking you you have the
keys you'll be good put the battery in
stupid someone has it right let's see
look it's too late we already put the
gas in we may as well get the battery in
this car too people can get out idiots I
feel like I should go hide or something
right I'm just standing here
wait turn around oh no she's better you
and battery girl getting out heck yeah
she's on the short shorts there you go
she's coming with me oh hey girl they
return around turn around
did she put it in but the battery in yep
there we go all right hop Elvis how do I
get in no wait yeah yet which is done
and then they'll be a little be the egg
button it'll be the green one okay come
on stupid she's probably trying to do it
before anyone else leaves the house
where the fuck is Jason who cares
chasing busy chasing somebody else
that's none of your concern right back
does for you blue says hey guys get your
shit together battery girl I love what
you have all you all have accomplished
with Harlem thank you for all your humor
and work you all get in get in and do
the thing what do I do now
hit a just hold a just
whole day and then the right trigger is
gonna be gas left trigger is gonna be
reverse right trigger right the swing
button okay trigger like a gun like a
gun other trigger other trigger other
trigger
oh right trigger deer steers I mean what
the play is happening what is happening
you hit a tree
you have to steer a car how do I steer
this is amazing if I hit it with a car I
should be able to survive what happens
Oh pushes me side more exciting if I
knew what any of the buttons didn't I
used him correct
oh that was excited that was exciting
for us you were so close if I knew how
to use all the buttons properly I'm so
out of there okay what about here two
days ago
very excited damn it that was exciting I
was still very exciting highlight
drunk-driving J okay oh yeah yeah
