Episode 090
The Forever Young/Friday the 13th cinematic universe
June 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwXz8vDjOqg
___________________________________________

yeah no but you're Jason oh and you have
an axe your axe Jason this is part three
Jason oh well you now you have to play
Jason yes absolutely
so take it did you catch up on tip seven
ah what a horrible circumstance to be
Jason one thousand three nobody around
there's nobody in this game oh that's
right it's just like three pieces three
people ah sorry but you know you get to
kill three people man mr. Jason yeah
Jason come on his neck is weird well
yeah he's Jason he's he's he's a mutant
right he was born deformed that was the
whole that was the whole point that's
the whole thing you got picked on at
camp
although the timeline really doesn't
make any sense
no in what way uh well he is picked on
at camp and then he drowns because the
counselors aren't paying attention to
him right off like fucking or something
Dex yes yeah and so's mom comes back
because he drowned and died and she you
know exalts her revenge but then at the
very end of the movie
tiny Jason even though this was like 20
years ago that this happened the may the
the survivor girl from the first movie
she's out in the boat she's killed
Jason's mom right then Jason that age
Jason jumps out of the water
and pulls her under and it's like oh was
it a dream and if it wasn't a dream he's
still out there and then the second
movie he's full-grown Jason uh
apparently he survived drowning but he
lived in a shack in the woods why did he
never make any attempt to find his mom
well have you it was wrong very good is
the Mel Gibson movie Forever Young no
that will answer all your questions so
basically what what the idea is is that
if you get into some sort of cryostasis
like extra cold stasis you will come out
of that stasis the same
main jazz you went in but then due to
cellular rapid degeneration you will
actually aged at an exponential rate but
it's revealed in the second movie that
he's been living in a shack in the woods
for years well but what you're not what
you what you failed to keep in mind here
is that the lake is probably cold right
so he was in the lake for a long time
which held him in a cryostasis state
then he rapidly aged and lived in a
shack but boom sorry I did it
uh-huh but but why did he never make any
attempt to reconnect with his mom
because he was at the bottom of the lake
first he couldn't he couldn't cuz he was
at the bar but no he he was living in a
shack while his mom was killing people
in the first movie though they they
overlap oh well oh so maybe he went
after he got on the lake cuz of the
cryostasis yes he was a kid and he went
to the shack but his mom was busy
killing people so he just thought his
mom left him so he went back in the lake
just happened on the counselor and then
back to the shack it was a whole it was
a whole thing okay it makes perfect
sense I I understand now Jack's powers
are real yes is that the planet Forever
Young and well you know what I might be
getting the name wrong but I think
that's the plot of Forever Young I know
if it's the Mel Gibson movie I know
you're talking about he was like a pilot
yeah yeah I mean look it up and there's
it's it's a cryostasis situation but
then he rages rapidly spoiler alert for
Forever Young yeah Jamie Lee Curtis
Elijah Wood
boom yep I got this written by JJ Abrams
what yeah how about that
no one directed by Steve miner who
directed some of the Friday than 13
sequels oh yeah I did parts two and
three so by the way you're welcome Jay
I can't believe I pulled it off nobody's
thought about in 20 years actually
connects to Friday the 13th well killed
one of one your well I can tell anyone I
can't believe there was a connection
there that was amazing holy fuck today
that should not happen that should not
amazing well we can't top that
now is no that's the end right there
this is the end holy crap
Wow I'd I need people to know that I was
not like check