Episode 093
Rumble in the River City (part 2)
June 7, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs7EvuruJL8
___________________________________________

let's see here Anonymous's I just
realized that rich is the wildly more
successful Jar Jar of our LM you're the
key to our LM working and a funnier
character than they've had before and
you never go too far in some places yeah
yeah yeah the things hi jack do it yeah
Oh Glen sense sadness behind that smile
it's adorable that's adorable listen I
agree then rich rich is what makes is
what makes rlm tick without rich it
would be a very different work
environment the videos would would have
a lot less life to them the least
talented person here though that's you
say that until you get us in front of a
camera and we're no good
every time richard laughs my wife looks
over from across the room and I'm
wearing a headphone oh wow right that's
the thing rich rich is a presence he is
a present scotch dang it
rich you're being instructed to go into
that Motel hotel there's a Motown out
there and you're being instructed to get
into hotel hideout so you can go here to
get rid of the cops yeah yeah can you
sleep in the bed to regenerate out miss
wings is also kind of a save here or
something right uh does not appear to be
able to sleep oh what's on the TV
nothing sure you don't want any more of
this no no I I was not doing very well
at all well doesn't matter I was uh I
was uh you know I used up all of my
muscle memory and twitch gaming skills
on the game we played earlier today
hey you write too much about answered
tips sometimes you know we're here to
play games jacket sometimes it's just
what we got to do i I agree rich I'm
just I'm just in a talking mood today
can you stuff in here and that is a safe
point on oh you can store stuff in there
in life store stuff like what kind of
stuff you can store stuff in the motel
and it is a safe point now
that's true dream I think AI would have
been doing better if rich didn't keep
throwing dudes at me oh shit that
spinning balls not good is it
wrecking ball in this there comes on
yeah yeah you know I don't know we're
safe
Oh weapons ban and says you can store
weapons okay at the hotel huh Wow
ready got cake I'm saying how a lot I'm
sorry you are it's because I'm into it
that's I think that's what's great about
it give me my money give me my money
right like everyone's looking for a
fight but everyone sucks oh you just
take their money I'm just a mugger
you're you know you're charging them for
karate lessons lesson number one duck
lesson number two I'm gonna hit you with
your own friend duck
you would have money Oh what can you go
in there and save the day
probably not Oh
or maybe I might have to come here later
that's possibility that's crazy that's
crazy what's happening over there go
into the phone booth go into the phone
booth go into the phone booth I cannot
oh sorry I thought you could go in that
door no no pink elephant come on what
you guys got what you guys got now just
getting cocky rich I like it I like it
Oh rich there's a shortcut aside come
dad you did it you know what I actually
have not seen michael mann's heat I have
been told by very reliable sources that
heat is one of the greatest movies ever
made and I do know it's getting
rereleased
soon oh hey yeah we know this place I
know it's on my list of movies to see
it's supposed to be one of the greatest
cops and robbers movies ever made rich
have you ever seen heat no I've seen
like a like a shootout from an on the
youtubes sure good quality it's supposed
to be great it's supposed to be
fantastic and I've been told to watch it
by many people and is top on my list
yeah
all these dang nerds rich they keep
throwing their nerd stuff at you look
that one's throwing his virginity
standard joke not the greatest joke but
I was insulting I thought I thought it
was insulting yeah that's what I was
going for that's what I was going for so
insulting that's what I was going for
great Bannon says I'll ask this one more
time should I join Rich's game and show
off hi yeah why not if that's something
you can do do it it probably is
something that advice wise moreover I
have that it may they made the game yeah
then probably they probably have the ins
and outs of reverse I ran aground ion or
very least I would hope they do man and
you are officially invited how do we do
this that's the real question
how hot is there some bit of Settings
thing I got to do here hold on
I'm waiting I'm gonna see if I need to
level up more before I can buy that $30
move sure I probably do before you die
get in that house and buy that thing
blustery kick alright alright I'll hop
on Steam you'll have to add me I will
get on that wob wreck since you guys
know why Mike dislikes video games so
much um Mike Mike loves being productive
yes he likes getting stuff done and he
views video games as the antithesis of
getting stuff done in video games in
video games you're getting fixed things
done alright so let's all tab we have to
add then or something right uh hold on
one more tip Huff hard and says hey guys
while enjoying rich saying ow every time
he gets hurt
hit I was wondering are you more audible
gaming alone or was someone in the room
I find that I talk a lot more when I'm
playing alone oh I think I'm more
audible with someone in the room me too
I'm rather silent when I play games by
myself yeah mostly just like usually
like Lisa's in the other room and if she
overheard me talking she'd probably
think I was crazy
she probably think I was crazy
alright you know Mike Mike made the
original mr. Plunkett reviews just for
Vaughn we didn't we didn't have any
fucking subscribers on YouTube yet
that's true
you know you know what might not have
happened if Mike did video games in a
spare time that's true he would have
been he would have a yeah he would have
been bored and he's like oh you know
what I'll blow off some steam playing
Halo or world Warcraft
but it's Starfleet Academy Sheriff
you're good so and then it but instead
of that he took his free time and made
the plenty of reviews Apple those that
might be a bad idea if you send us your
design outline for a game we might not
be like we might not be very supportive
also we might not know how to read a
design outline you know who would be
better to send that to the game dev that
is currently in our chat Hey putting
that out there putting that out there
all right how do we uh as rich CAD and
all the achievements for X come I don't
I don't care at all about achievements I
don't try to get them so probably not
but I'm not what do I need to do the
last chief I don't I don't give any
fucks what's so bad about World of
Warcraft no it's just a game that people
spend a lot of time in it was just an
example of a game that people spend a
lot of time and I'm not I'm certainly
not saying anything bad about World of
Warcraft Oh mom Bannon what's your last
name Bannon Rudess this nope never been
eroded let's just do steam
there's multiple balances demon add me
on Steam free you haven't already I
don't we don't know what your steam name
is van they send us send us that one of
them send us one of them whispers
whisper at us Bannen Rudess and and I'll
take a look at your whisper take a look
at you whisper and the whisper me your
steam name and then all I envy one steam
kind of whisper can I say I think it's
chief ones are just the dumbest fucking
thing no I like achievements that's fine
I don't care if you like it you okay I I
don't have any interest in the concepts
it's like replacing game content with
pretend game content they can but it
could also be I missed it Batman and I
missed it can't you scroll oh yes
boom and boom I'll just we'll get hit
rid of wonder hold on paw Paw's who's
got who hasn't been on in the longest
and they're gone ah damn boom 57 yes
brother some 78 go with it ow wait I
know I didn't do it again
so 70 oh here look at this one
that's that's digging up there you go I
don't have them in online 127 days
unfriend I'm sorry it's nothing personal
boom unfriended
okay we just invited you we just invited
you Bannon to be Rich's friend we also
still have no confirmation that you
actually are a game dev you just seem to
be someone who seems to know a lot about
this game they more trustworthy than we
should the day usually I'm the sucker
usually you're the one saying like hey
maybe we should look into this you did
today you're saying hey but uh but I
think it's achievable unki right sure
you play spelunky you go through the
game you like eventually you go through
the full game and you're like oh wow
I've done all the things in the game and
then you see that achievement to say hey
what if you can do the whole beat the
whole game in under ten minutes and it's
like oh yeah let's try that and then it
gives you a new way to play the gun
don't give me a stupid steam achievement
make it a part of the game and have like
an unlockable attach to it you get
infinite jumps are infinite gunshot gun
after you do that it's is that instead
it's an easy way to get a little more
playtime out of a game you're working
for something you remember Spider Man on
the PlayStation one PlayStation 1
PlayStation 1 I don't know there were
like a hundred different unlockable
costumes that you could use in the game
Bannen Rudess richest team name is chard
ch ard you have a friend request from a
chard CH AR doors going ah you got the
mouse you can hand me ahead to me if you
want but why
to do what oh you mean they do have I've
never run that say I got that backwards
like we had to click on the thing but
you sent the thing yeah I sent the thing
why is Jack's voice so deep today we are
right before one I'm a little hungover
today that usually makes you boys a
little deeper to right before we
streamed rich and I shot a thing and
there was a lot of talking involved so
I'm losing my voice a little bit
a what's the difference between an
achievement and a star or coin you grab
while one ain't running through a
platformer well the star coin you grab
while running through the platformer
might actually have some effect on the
game itself and I have never been a
completionist rarely out sometimes I
wonder yeah you know I'm close enough
anyway I'll 100% I'll do all the things
they need to do but usually okay ban
saying you should start an online game I
don't have to exit probably should I say
first well you just say you just saved
when you went to the thing all right all
right
start online how do we start online
probably not this one I think you have
to go to get out of it go to lobby hosts
friends only game like that yeah why not
what up
my characters hideout
okay go ready lap whoa what Oh
uh what do I go I don't know what I'm
doing with online anything I really
don't know you don't wanna land game
did I not change them friends only yeah
should be a button right okay yeah
ready hey butter does nothing oh you
know me you know you know why why my
difficulties so far wait a button
doesn't do anything sorry you're saying
yeah right now it's doing nothing okay
erm unless we're waiting for somebody
joint I don't maybe are we do we have am
i viewable right now on Steam do we need
to turn on like we on online mode what
oh sure double check that too maybe
that's it you're on your honor it's
usually you are you are offline yeah no
that way every there we go now things
might be working less I need to restart
the game or something we'll see
you're online now great love my acting
and the rlm Guardians number to review
thank you you know you didn't realize my
acting was monotone ha ha ha excuse me
by definition very bad acting
ok can hit a now no wait I hit start and
that goes to this okay sure
yeah well that takes me here okay lobby
okay friends only game great hit the
button okay and alright let's see here
do we have to invite somebody or
something I never play online I'm such a
helmet I'm a gaming hermit yeah I'm not
in LAN I'm on he did friends that he did
friends only shack soda rich hasn't seen
guardians to yet I didn't much care for
it I'm not gonna be able to see it until
the next weekend because I want to see
with Karen and she's gonna be working a
lot of shows we will probably talk about
it next Sunday give everyone a chance to
see it and then we will do it this late
oh hey all right well oh my god like
those sweet-ass moves
oh this is your controller this is you
this is that controller what pick up the
other control oh that's you technically
you can switch that out huh you want to
play no this is just to the Devgan
showoff yeah you play for a bit
wait you want me to play yeah I'm gonna
you'll knock your socks off we get to
switch off I don't care
good vibe right Trey Glynn huh try Glen
a boxer all right
okay are we waiting for other people or
no no really
and then just start if you can leave the
door wait what what who's this now well
that's obviously our deaf friend who was
Bannen who was great at this okay great
they have look at the money they have oh
Jesus Christ
alright yep alright that's right let's
rock and roll let's rock and roll
Jack didn't get his check for Marvel
right I didn't get my check for Marvel
so I didn't much care for guardians
how do you do super moves double tap the
the red shoulder bottom for him will
none of us says hijack and rich loved
the stream I'm curious if either of you
have seen in Bruges and birds in Bruges
Rui yeah
and what you think of it it's one of my
favorite films but is often overlooked
well obviously I am not familiar with it
I've read calm fair hold down the right
stick you do a fist bump yeah um Colin
Farrell cheeky like cheeky British
comedy you through do that means you got
oh god oh my god it's chaos already it's
chaos on the streets Jack terrible and
shit shit
get beat up all those cops I'm working
on it every every last fucking one of
them and then we're gonna hide in a
dumpster you're right right yeah I know
what's up okay
I think it's probably enough I don't see
the thing anymore
yeah it's up there see oh then the top
right I see it there your mind I was
thinking the news report thing see yeah
it's going down all right let's go
bitty where we going oh this way
gonna get some burgers hey can I have
jump in mom friends only thing you can't
do I don't know do you want to play no
no I was they gonna be three be neat but
anonymous says you guys look nice today
color-coordinated okay look once it's MC
Lukas is beating resident evil another
three hours is the thing I would never
usually try but was one of the most
rewarding gaming experiences I've had
would have never tried it if it weren't
for a trophy attached
that's what I'm saying it's like it can
it can open up different gaming avenues
that aren't necessarily alright alright
listen up you I never said they
shouldn't exist and they're an
abomination before the eyes of the Lord
I got that impression rich I'm just
saying I have I have no need to increase
my e-peen your EP ep n-- nevermind your
EP m-- come mixi in 120 says hey guys
this is my favorite game that i helped
to make was never released but i can get
you a copy if you want to play it
message me and twitch if you like
alright this is not the time
that shouldn't exist but they're the
dumbest thing yes yes in my opinion
they're the dumbest thing I have no
interest in in the the achievements I
think they're dumb right what are we
doing what are we doing banning what's
happening I think you should just follow
banner that's what I'm trying to do ah
they're doing a sprocket ice sled thing
so if you jump on the ice block while
she's holding it she can said you flying
across the screen I'm just gonna block
of ice I'm good at video games I'm stuck
I'm stuck fucking stuck I can't get out
and I can't get out where are you I
can't get out okay try it again
there we go left trigger wasn't eating
fries for me not a sense I was bored
today learned how to play backgammon
backgammon backgammon what card game
slash old types of games do you two like
mad checkers is fine card games like you
know poker poker is a fine game pokers a
fine here this is blackjack
uh you know stuff like you know I played
sheep's head knee replaced sheep's head
no I never even heard of sheep's head oh
yeah so you know like a like a
four-player what about what about
solitaire Jam you get into the solitaire
do not get into the solitaire
oh ow you do you know what you do you
want to say ow
what about Magic the Gathering rich and
that really you know what time I've ever
played any of those any get any kind of
card games one bad Jack's having game
night I got stuck oh here we go
like what was that one munchkin and I
played munchkin with you guys yeah
that's a good game that wizard one kind
of a card game kind of the wizard battle
yeah deadly wizard Bell yeah that's a
fun game and those are the only time I
play anything along the lines of magic
whoa okay
whoa yeah I yeah I like all those kind
of like deck-building
cards wielding games you know stuff like
magic I usually have a problem with
because yeah a lot of that is if he or
at least it feels like pay2win you know
because you have to buy cars and some
cards are just inherently better than
other cards
she likes stuff that comes between deck
exactly where it's more laying luck of
the draw and strategy it's not about
buying the better cards I have a lot of
Marvel Legends legendary factor into
that well I can buy expansions to that
sure but every player has the
opportunity to get every card yeah
whereas in Pokemon you can buy a deck
that's completely different than your
opponent's deck and you could have a
better deck just by paying for it you
know why don't you pick up that ice
that's in the bottom right can you do
that well can you take it with you
Jack get blood rage great Viking theme
board game with a draft mechanic you
would love it
okay I'll look into it I like board
games although I probably won't get it
tuned because I just I just got Star
Wars battle battlefront and we finally
got around to playing that the dark
souls game just came in the mail yeah um
which I know a new one no duh Dark Souls
game not the blood-borne oh oh the the
Dark Souls game just came in the mail
you can see why I would get that
somewhat confused oh right right um so
we just got the Dark Souls game which I
still need to convince Lisa to play in
general well which is gonna be tough she
apparently did not care for the blood
boy he did not like the blood war game
which you know what did have some
problems it had some issues it wasn't as
good a game as I was hoping but I would
have thought that a a successful
well-made video game with action and and
and reflexes and all that did not
translate well into a turn-based card
game it was almost there but we we were
saying like with a couple tweaks it was
really close none of us is Jack Packard
Jack record professional let's player
that's true I'm suing another son after
you fell into the pen
oh yes I would also assume that is mr.
balls
hi Jen hi I'm glad to hear I wasn't the
only one who didn't like guardians of
the galaxy we are the minority
solidarity honestly everyone hi rich
when you record a commentary is it more
fun to do a good movie or a bad one
thanks guys and I don't know that it
matters necessarily if it's good or it's
bad it's better if I have something I
might actually want to say about it
the worst the worst is ambivalence
executive housewife says hello rich I
love you how did your husband feel about
that executive house
hey now out tix see Jack now we need to
play killer instinct wha why because
we're playing beat him up now okay oh I
died again I'm bad at this
shit shit oh that is executive horse
wife yes I read that wrong executive
horse wife executive horse wife nice
first of all that sounds like a weird
job so I'm just an idiot well you know
it happens does anyone from quieter or
IGN or anything had any response to the
nerd crew goods as far as I know they
just took it in good humor yeah yeah
yeah they're fine people I can take joke
his jokes this is jokes I got nothing
against Collider
kudos
Hey oh sorry sorry friend I'm coming I'm
coming
OOP shit
the real bayon says here's some money to
go check out the moon it's only about
two degrees away from Jupiter tonight
mmm even with my mediocre binoculars I
am able to see three of the Galilean
moons pretty cool oh cool neat yeah I
don't even have a meeting over
binoculars though so there's that oh man
this like flying uppercut clears a crowd
it's great I'm really diggin that pickup
Hey
so are you enjoying it more without
somebody accidentally throwing people
okay if you're not enjoying it I'll take
back over take back over sure here not
necessarily my type of thing and you
know what it could be Anna my god on a
different day this could be like the
game I play all day right now not
necessarily Fiona steal some binoculars
no we're not gonna do that guy sucks so
much
you don't know intentional not the face
Jack makes while sipping coffee in the
latest prereq video is perhaps my
favorite Jack moment well great great
what do you think it was you think of
the bayonetta cut you think that was it
was a fair cutting I've been afraid to
watch it big as the comments a lot of
the comment sorry I've been going a
little back and forth of some of the
comments from the bayonetta video and a
lot of them do not believe us that there
was not a way or that it didn't say
anywhere how to uh how to stop the
screen from loading it's just like we
showed you how fast that goes and it
doesn't say it anywhere that you have to
press the back button to stop it rich
Evans richer professional less player so
we've had a little we've had a little
people agreeing with us and a little
people disagreeing with us and that's
fine I'm stuck there we go
stop shooting in front of the couch it
looks wildly unprofessional and you guys
are have such slumped posture oh god
already already it didn't take much yeah
Tiberius this shooting on the couch
really works well for us we'll work on
our posture sorry fat bothers you but
from a from a production standpoint
shooting on the couch is far far easier
Hey
Oh fun
nice sorry we're - we're - can you get
in it now I'm gonna guess no I mean you
don't know unless you wanna you wanna
head I'm heading up ending with banner
into the bathroom
alright alright alright let's let's
pound these dudes in the bathroom found
them yeah you know who has preferred
easier George Lucas on the prequels
right and there's obviously a big
difference between web videos discussing
video games and professional narrative
movies what's going on
Oh Tiberius is not happy with our couch
setup okay so and I'm just letting them
know it's probably not gonna change
because it's way easier to do and I
think it looks alright I agree we do get
a little slouchy we get a little slouchy
yeah
hmm oh it's adorable what the hand dryer
yeah oh it's pushing me back huh am I
supposed to get into the restroom here
Oh
you're in the potty now you're in the
body now so we're being shown things the
Easter eggs yeah that's me oh wow
these nerds like them chemicals oh
please
these offensive stereotypes sure do like
them chemicals absolutely
Nikolas is hey Jack and rich whose hand
is that slamming the beer into the
popcorn bag at the beginning of every
half in the bag
I'm gonna guess J's you're gonna guess
Jay's not Mike's oh no Nico :
guess J's I'm going to guess Mike yeah
I'm gonna 100% say Mike I don't know who
did that but I'm gonna say Mike how
hairy is it
that's the girl that's the answer that's
a serious question up that's what I'm
saying that's the answer and
gobbledygook says Sacramento 2003
harbinger drag and I show up pay $40 and
get randomized nerd pieces builds battle
D&D; miniatures thrilled to win second
place and an exclusive Silver Dragon
figurine good stuff I think that was a
story from 2003 that gobbledygook was
letting us know
yeah so Neko I'm good I'm gonna guess
that's Mike I'm gonna guess that is Mike
but to be to be honest those were shot
so long ago at this point it could be
anyone
ah
bergna says rich yeah if Mike was
walking down a dark alley and ran into
George Lucas who had a gun how fast do
you think George Lucas would shoot him
also did he ever make any official
comment on the plinker reviews George
Lucas would not shoot him right because
George Lucas has four billion dollars in
the bank and you can't enjoy that money
when you're in prison boom that's true
also let's be honest George Lucas is a
super wuss he's not shooting anyone he
can barely shoot a movie thank you sorry
I was fighting I get it I get it now I
add up I had a moment to reflect little
now I get it settle down now everyone
you're welcome you're welcome I'll be
here all night
um you're pretty proud of that one I am
pretty proud of that one George Lucas
has never made any official comments
about the blanket reviews to our
knowledge he has never seen them just
talk about people not liking him yeah
I've talked about that how mean it is to
be criticized right all right span what
are we doing what are we doing I'm not
in charge here I didn't charge a jack
oh you wanna get to oh shit whoa-oh I
was almost nice combo boo is that the
Akira motorcycle yes nice how come his
friend is not defending him friend
figures he can take care of fucking self
right potatoes wondering how much would
I have to donate to get rich to grow a
full on Tom Selleck mustache only rich
mustache only what's the donation for
for what a week a week with them with a
mustache oh oh is that that looks like
it'll be useful I mean you know what are
you talking about you talking about a
week you're talking about a month oh oh
there's a punching bag oh shit what
what that's a neat character who is that
someone we haven't unlocked yet so yeah
well that's the the question is how long
do you want the mustache what do you
want you know like what oh geez
until Jay forces him to shave it to
assure his mustache dominance Jay has a
beard Jay has a full beard yeah yeah Jay
does not have there's no one here with
just a mustache rich could corner the
market that could corner the rlm market
on mustaches I'm really still much of a
need to write so what are we doing what
are we doing I have no idea what we're
doing
Oh
let's see here
J frezz ik2 says hey Jack it's too bad
we didn't agree on guardians to on
Twitter hopefully once Valiant gets
their movies off the ground you'll like
those a lot more Valiants um if they get
some movies video game Valiant Comics oh
yeah horrible Harvard Aaron oh yeah they
did video games too yeah you know
there's a lot of good stories in there I
actually it's hard for me to think of
any of their stories that would work
well as movies like I'd love a harbinger
TV series you know harbinger works
really great as a serial button
and Archer I mean maybe our turn
Armstrong could work as a movie a
standalone movie it'd be a little
bloated but maybe boom that's a deep
punch can Anna here we go
Oh Oh No
Oh this is we're gonna get twitches
taking this down this is NSFW rich
can you imagine blade in the avengers
home all that be awesome
The Avengers finally take down Thanos
and as they're standing over Thanos
Dracula comes in what all right what it
was it done what do I hit what I'll hit
for this uh the right stick but you have
to face him
I am no
hey let's see here Harmons ESA's have
any of you at rlm folk tried out
stand-up comedy in the past if so how
did it go oh my god don't punch it well
now you have to kill it uh yeah I used
to do stand-up I used to do stand-up and
I was not very good at it
who's that on the couch function ah I
had a lot of fun doing and I had a lot
of fun writing jokes but I always had a
problem with my timing and you guys know
me I I really like my jokes more than
the people listening to my jokes and so
I would problem that's that's a big
problem so I would I would laugh at my
own jokes when no one else would and Wow
and then the fact that no nut was
laughing at my jokes made me laugh even
harder I was really bad I was really bad
at stand-up but you know I tried it out
for a little bit I had some good times
Jack grew up on a farm give him a break
for that life I had some fun right even
right he made some stand-up jokes I had
some good bits I had some quality bits
and some quality quality bits about
about my grandfather you know my group
my grandfather he's a he's an old he's
an old folksy kind of guy he's an old
country kind of guy he says he says he
has all these weird sings you know like
a maybe it's just a Wisconsin thing like
you know he always calls uh he calls
soda pop he got water fountain he calls
a bubbler he calls my grandma cunt I get
it I get it you get it nine oh that's
let's see that's my problems like to me
as like as a funny joke so I laughed
more than the other people did and also
my timing was terrible
that's a good time I get it I know oh
yeah I know I had a whole bit on corn
and throwing corn had a whole bid on
that and yet the corn bit had the corn
but did not go over very well
oh here this way sorry sorry I messed up
I think I've told like for any new
viewer you might not have heard my other
joke my other you know its famous at
this point my my famous stuttering joke
yeah thank you uh I was really proud of
this show cuz how would you usually like
open start off the the the routine right
oh yeah I'd say I say you know I the
reason I started doing stand-up is I
used to have a big stuttering problem
and my speech therapists suggested doing
stand-up as a way to get in front of an
audience and get over my fear and then
stop stop me from stuttering and it
actually helped an incredible amount and
if you go to the department of therapies
do t they have a great website that will
help you out it's wwe.com and I get it
you get it right now I thank you rich I
appreciate that you get it rich rich is
a great height man you're right rich
which is I'm fighting dudes I'm doing
Mac Mac jokes I'm I'm getting kicked in
the face by a Bobo uh listen it wasn't a
great joke it's just a joke I enjoyed
you don't like my joke um I like that
one
as a future speech pathologist says that
I'm stealing the shit out of that joke
see that's a good joke people want to
steal it yeah well and by the way now
you know why I no longer do stand-up
comedy that's that's why but I had a lot
of fun and that's the important part
all right using guard as much as I
probably should yeah I found myself not
really using guard either cuz you want a
punch you want a punch how much for an
hour of Jack doing stand-up on stream
that could never happen I don't have an
hour of material so no HBO specials for
you no HBO specials for me I'm very
sorry like you know I could probably I
could probably scrape together a solid
12 minutes at this point in my life but
even that it takes some weeks that'll
take some time do you remember all of
your old material oh no no I don't I can
barely remember my two jokes but like no
I had a bit I had some bits but no I
don't remember all my other ones like I
might be able to come up with 12 8 to 12
minutes at this point
steal the deadbolt joke oh the wedlock
too close to deadbolt oh I love that
joke ah that's funny
bounce on the ball ow
Moo skidoo I didn't really have a bit
about corn that was that was just that
was just making fun of the fact that we
used to check a corn thank you Jim that
was funny I thought it I thought it was
it was a reference it was a funny
reference to the thing we've talked
about earlier on the string
oh god I'm getting I'm getting raped up
let's see here gobbledygook says so the
big red balls in front of my Tiger
target are covered with mario and luigi
faces and when you go in you hear three
two one here we go Mario Kart 8 comes
with a free rubik's cube there you still
play my a my switch is actually in the
shop I had to send it in because I was
having some controller connectivity
problems and so I sent it to Nintendo
for repairs but yeah I was I am still
playing before I sent it in and I was
having a good time I'm still like in
Mario Kart 8 I like the new battle modes
I tried one round of the 200cc races and
it was far too intense for me I'm not
ready for those yet but having a lot of
fun
rude air the wrestler cool so hopefully
when I get my switch back I won't have
any more controller problems and and I
will get to play more Mario Kart 8
they say I like the characters in this
you like the character yeah all right
this is this bruiser up anonymous says I
think it's cool that you did stand up
even if you sucked ass well thank you an
elephants I'd like to do Stannis like is
what that's like that's like an insult
and a compliment all rolled into one
sentence I'd like to do stand-up Sunday
how did you shake the nervousness did it
involve heavy drinking heavily no no no
I before
stand-up I did a lot of comedy sports
and other theater stuff and so I was
used to being in front of a crowd I'm
fairly comfortable in front of a crowd
so getting on stage you know it was a
little different doing stand-up because
it's just you in front of a crowd like
it's not a group of people and you
you're not doing a structured thing
you're just doing your own material but
you just got it don't do it don't drink
too much though because that'll throw
you that'll throw you off that'll throw
off your timing and and then if you do
suck you won't know that you suck and
you might suck more because you've been
drinking too much so I recommend not
drinking drink afterwards do not drink
beforehand
and anonymous says as a stutterer I
approve of that joke Thank You anonymous
not that that sounds great it's time to
find it you know it is fine it's fine
joke not a great jokes find it but that
being said anonymous if you have stuff
like improv classes where you live that
is a great way to get comfortable on
stage and to get comfortable in front of
crowds and they also teach you kind of
like basic theater stuff just like
speaking comedic timing listening to
other people on stage and and it really
helps get comfortable the classes
usually aren't that expensive you know
one one night a week for for a month and
and you put on a little show at the end
and you can have a lot of fun doing
stuff like that I highly recommend that
if you're interested in any sort of
theater work
I miss my days over at comedy sports
Oh God I have no good at this character
need to learn how to use a special
absolutely oh you're still here oh
you're still here
reality blue no I haven't had a chance
to mess with the sidebar well last week
was kind of editing that Bayonetta
episode rich and I have been working on
a few other things that have been taking
up my time so I haven't had a lot of
time to work on sidebar stuff we have a
comedy Sportz it's always a great time
yeah and comedy Sportz they have classes
all the time that you can join like
super beginner classes that helps you
loosen up helps you warm up
gets you comfortable on stage gets it
comfortable in front of an audience and
it's it's like structured comedy its
structured improv so just kind of
teaches you how to how to how to tough
break kind of just teaches you how to
how to talk how to talk non-stop
recommended
got a favorite comic well rich you're
not reading comics at the moment let's
talk about comic book or stand-up
comedian oh you know what I I see most
of our conversation is so nerd
orientated right I just assumed they
meant comic book but George Carlin
ah you're George Carlin I'm a Steve
Martin squirrel hey can you hit the
squirrel I can't because I'm too slow
what the hell Oh would it be okay for
people to send you sidebar Jack look at
the rake what ah Bravo yeah but and yeah
if you come up with your own sidebar
send it actually that's the the the
current logo was sent to us by a fan we
love that that logo is great the the
current background with the cool like
mountains and Spacey stuff was sent to
us if you have ideas send it to us I
might use it I might not
I appreciate anyone with more talent
than me helping me out so if you if you
can get us a better sidebar make it
happen absolutely
absolutely Oh the jocks these guys are
great and you say that you can't get
physical comedy out of game play alone
rich well then I say that Jack during
the Bayonetta cutscenes of Aiden I don't
think it's quite the same quick question
do subs through Amazon auto-renew I do
not know mr. balls I I want to say the
answer is no they do not but I do not
know the answer I think we've had to
deal with that before
if I designed some shirt artwork can I
get a piece of that action when Mike
finally lets you put shirts on the rlm
store maybe we'll never be pretty our
goal and if if we sell shirts we will
probably have to find a way to sell them
ourselves can you get on the other side
of that fence if you hop on the top of
that tree what I what are we supposed to
just bump fist bump the sides of it baby
no right shouldn't every something there
there's something here I don't know what
he would Benin wants me to do can you
figure out what Bannon wants me to deal
with the street I'm looking I'm looking
Oh Oh what he's given us all the secrets
all the secrets hey kin the feeling this
game was a labor of love is that got a
real player or just CGI no he's a he's a
real player that's apparently a dev and
apparently he worked on the game so he
has all the secrets this game reserves I
think this game is really supposed to
come out like 2013 oh yeah I believe
there are issues with the rights I could
only yeah I can f was absolutely on they
imagine i suck it I like this guy but I
suck at him as of now till I learned his
new move set and learned some new moves
for him yeah
okay yeah I'm shaking my climbin
gobbledygook says so in Super Mario
Odyssey are the humans going to be
super-sized compared to normal Mario
doesn't matter news pushes lemma Mario
is three feet tall and we're just gonna
have to deal with that it's alright
newsflash Sonic did cartoons in
cityscape almost 20 years ago but he's a
hedgehog is Mario a midget sure might be
I'm not as bothered by this as most
people seem to be it's just weird it's
weird to see normal people and not
normal Mario you know what a big deal
like if you were going to do a city why
not make everyone look like Mario all
right so we're supposed to do something
here with this cat and this guy the
second time we've come here oh the guys
like turn now you pet the cat can you
grab the cat
all right what do we do Bannon I don't
recommend Rudy for beginner please pick
a different guy rich can you pick a
different guy in here oh yeah I was just
in here so I can select character I
think so
there's not a lot of luck and fun with
Glenn so we're sticking with Glenn great
great great yeah so to me the the
normal-looking people and then cartoon
Mario is weird I
I prefer everyone to be a cartoon but
you know we'll see we'll see how it
works out
atomic mass drive says hey you're
playing ribbit River City Rampage I just
like to slide in and say this fuck the
nerds nerds seven of organizes Jack I
just finished eating some delicious
Calabresi salami salami seasoned with
cayenne and paprika do you have any
lesser-known or more obscure meats that
you recommend trying lol eat my meat no
no just the just the usuals weren't
we're enjoying the sauna again I'll just
give this probably give me lots of extra
health right maybe I'll Seminole stamina
improve Oh Sam is maxed out Sam I went
up by food this is like the old game you
can actually improve your stats by doing
stuff like that I'm probably getting
better base stats nice sorry it's been a
good long time since I've played the
original I love the original River City
Rampage I have a river city ransom good
it's been a number of years since I've
played oh sure now you know like as far
as a rare meet so like I don't really
have any rare meets but I do Oh
what I do love me some prosciutto
man oh man you get me some prosciutto on
just about anything and I'll eat that
shit up for days you know it's like ham
but more delicious
you
hey guys first time playing Zelda Oracle
of Seasons thanks for the tip any
difference between the two versions
yeah it's Oracle of Seasons in two
different games and Oracle of Ages are
two very different games and one is more
puzzle orientated and one is more action
orientated and I forget which one is
which to be honest with you I just then
you link them together and you do
something or other right yeah oh we got
a possible slick look me up here but
since I'm in for this I'm out of here I
forget which one is which but they're
there they're their own games and I
recommend getting button nope what I
recommend getting them both I'm I'm
replaying Oracle of Seasons right now
I'm just at the beginning and I'm really
enjoying it that's what I was going to
bring today if ship if rich didn't have
a plan oh no I'm fret backer
I'm an idiot get out of there right can
you double jump there you go now you're
out seasons is action ages as puzzles
dah Thank You Sun blue guy and Chad damn
when I was a kid I opted out thinking it
was a Pokemon color version gimmick a
perfectly reasonable assumption probably
not the only one yeah but no they're
they're really great games you know made
by Capcom the Oracle games really neat
stuff really neat stuff
so I thought uh how am I gonna I need
not fall behind this van okay there we
go
she said to get good so maybe on
Wednesday I'll bring my Gamecube and my
little Gameboy advanced adapter and we
can we can play some Oracle of Seasons
yeah I'd played Twilight Princess yeah
be my desire to play more of the Zelda
games I don't know if I'm gonna do
winwaker next for Link to the Past oh
that's tough if I can get the 3ds away
from Karen I want to give ocarina of
time another shot it is it's for work
rich you got
I'm gonna say I finished Twilight
Princess yeah if I talked about this
today yet I don't I don't believe you've
talked about this today you finish
Twilight Princess it's dropped a few
pegs in my eyes yeah yeah absolutely
believe that there's things I like about
it but oh god it's so painfully linear
and the thing isn't it absolutely did
not need to be don't tell him I'm tellin
ya listen I I agree with you I agree
with you wholeheartedly and like that
with its more linear than a car o karna
mm-hm Macedo right the time finally you
said all right you said all right last
time accidentally ocarina is right okay
I I know I'm saying wrong I was
corrected and then at this point I've
actually did and I got it so muddled and
no longer remember which is wish get
that egg
is this an easter egg that's funny
well yeah like Twilight being so linear
and the all the dog crap and and the the
later items you get in the dungeon is
really only being used in the dungeons
it's there's a lot of good to Twilight
Princess there's a lot of good but oh
look like the sewage drum and then the
river that's great dodge ball it's a
reference to one of their other games
well the original people who made River
City ransom it's in the profits of one
of their games okay they had an NES game
super dodgeball oh yeah yeah hey
alright alright look we're almost dead
we can finish this man
similar to how new doom had ruined doom
3 for you has breath of the wild ruined
past Zelda's for you well that's the
question I've just replayed Twilight
right now right
I'm almost afraid to play Wind Waker and
and I started a little bit of Wind Waker
and so far I'm I'm absolutely loving it
but I'm just at the beginning you know
it's all the story stuff and all the
animation the art is so adorable so I'm
still just kind of oh do you see that
buttbounce
I'm still basically just in love with
with Wind Waker but I haven't got to
like the majority of the sailing yet
yeah like I haven't gotten my sail you
playing HD or gamecube gamecube I found
my GameCube version you know HD has like
a super sale yes yeah so it's supposed
to deal with a lot of that yeah and like
I said there's a couple of reasons why I
don't want to get the HD one one because
then I'd have to play it in the living
room and not my office or move the Wii U
back and forth and I'd have to pay for
it and I already have a copy of the game
so it would it would it's hard for me to
justify the HD getting the HD version
now they don't do it huh
oh wow well we're seeing where she
couldn't move showing off here
and a Triforce question reduced in the
HD version I used to think I used to
think Twilight Princess was solidly
above loot now it's just just a little
better than oh yeah just a little bit
Lutz itself is very linear and I
remember replaying a little bit of it a
while back and not miss some dungeons
you can do out of order
Anoop oh sure but there are also some
dungeons that suck balls balls
anonymous says John Connor is sent back
in time after recuperating from a
strange attack Skynet sends
t800 back in time to kill the alien
before it kills all of humanity and
prevents Skynet from being created what
what's going on
aliens already to stop Skynet now John
Connor had a strange attack and then
gets sent back in time but then the
alien bursts out of him
okay which and if the alien causes too
much havoc Skynet would never be created
so they have to send the t800 back
through time to kill the alien and save
humanity so Skynet can be created in the
first place sure man whatever about a
pitch that who owns the comic book
rights that's a great crossover comic
book Terminator Terminator vs. the alien
that's a great idea anonymous I'm down
I'm down get Freddie Williams on the
phone Freddie Williams
we got your next crossover buddy how
all right distresses you guys are
talking about playing more Zelda but if
you don't play wandering soul soon I'll
have to keep giving you money to tell
you about it and nobody wants that I'm
sorry there are games we want to play
sorry we yeah and and part of that is
rich and I are contemplating doing a
look back on past Zelda games after we
loved breath of the wild right right and
so like part of that is just us deciding
whether or not there's enough stuff to
talk about with playing all of these
passes all the games it's not that we
don't want to play wandering souls it's
just we like wild breath of the wild is
still on everyone's mind it might be an
interesting time to look back at past
Jax you know we're wrong for not having
played more new we need to put and we
need to play more near and we also need
to play battlegrounds I think that's a
new hot game everyone's playing that
nowadays also DC Universe Online it's
still still out there there's a lot of
stuff there's a lot of stuff to play oh
yeah and we're Diddy Kong Racing is on
its way we got to do Diddy Kong Racing
that's gonna be a great one well you
guys are back in the sauna level it up
level it up oh and also we need to
finish Phoenix right we need to do more
Sierra games there there's a lot on our
need to play list I'm not telling you
I'm telling Chad there's we go we got a
lot hell I still haven't played the XCOM
2 DLC you know that something I want to
do right
did he kong racing rich was telling me
the other day that apparently diddy kong
racing is a lot more than just racing
there's a whole like one player story
thing involved with it it's a mix i mean
there's still as you know the worlds are
still race courses but there's an
overworld that's Mario 64 like that's
crazy I love it oh we're being shown off
the leave weapons in the hideout
I don't need okay okay yes I have never
played diddy kong racing because I
assumed it was just a straight-up Mario
Kart clone but apparently there's more
to it than that and yes last stream I
did order a copy of Diddy Kong Racing
that is on its way to us right now all
of those failed fist bumps
oh my gourd I do love it that they'll
cry what if they figure out alright
great gobbledygook
says 1990 Papa pulls over me and my
cousin enter a Capcom corporate building
Mega Man picks in my GamePro magazine
got a street fighter poster nobody
understands our obsession with the
culture of games okay
okay gobbledygook alpaca death trap says
diddy kong racing was my favorite n64
game and that's like I said you know I
and I saw it it was on the shelves it
was on the shelves of my of the store
that I worked at like for for ages and I
just never picked it up because like oh
if I want to play a racing game I'll
play Mario Kart last night
when will you guys go into VR not
anytime soon we have no plans one movie
our feet worth going into that's the
more important question as soon as there
are games that we want to play and our
features we want to explore right now we
have no as soon as there's not a game
that's shooting gallery a shooting
gallery or on Rails shooting gallery or
some sort of painted painting thing art
artists tools
you can use the swings you can use the
swings I parent you can kick them nice
nice but yeah if there's you know what
if there is a game that oh my god what's
for my achromatic I was looking at the
meteor and I lost track of where I was
what's this a reference to it could be a
reference to so many things but the
forest is right there Len we are not
talking guardians to today rich has yet
to see it the short version is as Jack
didn't much care for do we ever talk
about a big movie the weekend 2 came out
either and the other thing is it just
came out so we're going to give the chat
a chance to do be spoiler free next
Sunday we will talk about it next Sunday
rich will have seen it by then it'll be
it'll be great but we're not talking
about it tonight
sewer facility
space cáñamo I have no thoughts on the
Bajoran or the trill as I didn't watch
Deep Space nine rich padorin trill
interesting enough what about him
just thoughts about to meet there you go
I'm trapped in here there we go I'm just
trapped in there where are you
ring tube yeah I'm in the too but it's
not letting me out of the tube can you
go like up or down or anything or mi-nam
suck oh wait wait hope there's someone
in there with you
maybe well I'm in love the next zone
area oh except for there's a boss out
here oh no you're out now no that wasn't
me how did the third player get in here
yes she's just help someone else uh
friend probably bought the game look
interesting interesting
oh no we have not talked about strafe
coming out on the 9th I did not know I
was that releasing apparently oh we are
streaming that oh fuck yeah but you
gotta play more near that way why you
gotta play pray uh-huh uh-huh
no so we did not we didn't even I didn't
even realize it was coming up that soon
you know it's one of those games that
has just been in development for so long
but you just kind of forget about it
great great nonsense in a bag hijack and
rich I remember playing diddy kong
racing when i was in middle school four
players split battle splits green battle
mode with this and gold and i was
quality playtime with the siblings back
in the day hell yeah
heck yeah you back that game because of
you fucks we backed that game we back to
strength yeah
our names going to be written in blood
somewhere in that game that's the level
where our name it will be a blood
splatter somewhere I believe was the
level we around
yep all right so Bannon you got anything
interesting to show us now is the time
now is the time because we're probably
gonna cut it pretty soon pretty soon
pretty soon bad what do you got for us
one more like one more mission kind of
soon we're starting to lose it let's see
Lord Belmont says are you going to get
prey I highly suggested it's excellent
sort of like a fusion of System Shock 2
and Deus Ex
no I'm really deep and engaging gameplay
and environments I've heard I've heard
of the name and I've heard people talk
about it highly but I I have no plans on
getting it because we got out of shit to
do
hi magical Flying Tiger yes
strafe the realistic 3d shooter with
cutting-edge graphics straight very
excited to get my hands on that
gobbledygook says FYI walmart has XCOM
to on clearance in many stores this
weekend for $20 okay that's a great
price I picked up my copy for the ps4
yesterday I hunkered down all weekend
while the wife played on the PC I
believe we are done good time yep hey
it's been good
that was that was this look this is an
adorable game rich Madden thank you
thank you for the tour thank you for the
little Easter egg - ha ha
what about Wonder Woman
what about Wonder Woman oh okay
we didn't see Wonder Woman yeah no I
have not seen Wonder Woman I don't
believe that's out yet so yeah you know
it's controversy that she doesn't have
armpit hair everything you can't do
anything with you know wait wait this is
a commercial that she does not have
armpit hair did um did Wonder Woman ever
have our Petare not that I know of no I
I yeah whatever
Wow people are dumb I it must not that
be that big of a controversy because I
haven't heard about it it's probably
just like one stupid article exactly by
someone looking for attention yeah but
still the fact that that's a thing but
it's not a thing it's one state so I'm
sure it's one stupid person
one stupid person who is very proud of
their armpit hair you can even use the
MEC I told you yeah you know what I
assumed you wouldn't be able to just you
know white boy it just sounded too
awesome hahaha awesome haha I told you
you could use that Mac games don't want
you to have fun anymore
hahahaha you have to walk into the room
and see what the people say yeah and
then you worry then you follow the
cutscene but it's not really a cutscene
cuz you're kind of walking but oh god I
hate Naughty Dog's so much I mean yeah
all right all right all right I got this
hi guys hey
Bannen thanks for playing with us that
was great that was great this is now the
time of the stream in which we thank all
the people who subscribe to us during
this stream much like team planket Gino
suave says this is now the longest
relationship I've ever had okay Captain
James May do be sandwich crooked spiral
who says thanks for all the great
streams guys keep up the great work
oh can you can you um dr. poon MD and
for some reason it says cannula again lo
toma la raza
for 15 months in a row --ss two days and
I got my Magnus builder badge just a
hundred and sixty of just one thousand
six hundred and seventy seven more
resonators to architect do you know what
I mean I have no idea what that means
maybe the chat knows what that means
rebel base who says happy seven months
sorry you didn't care for Guardians keep
up the great content you know what went
uh still when it got to go out to the
movie theater with my wife we dropped
the kids off at this other friend's
house so I still got you know it is nice
you know went up to movie had a beer
movie theater has a beer had a beer
watch movie is great Berto cabbage patch
for 28 fucking months and roses looking
forward to Diddy Kong Racing more XCOM
soon it'll happen it'll happen there's
so much there's so much stuff there's
nuclear and prey and wandering Souls I
really wanted to play River City ransom
underground freakin strafe is coming out
Oracle of Ages a lot of shit we want to
stream Ali Raza
but this is Ali underscore Raza who says
have you guys thought of playing Kerbal
space program it'd be a lot of fun to
watch you blow up some Rockets we're too
distracted with chat and tips during a
stream to handle actual rocket science
right agreed I have nothing against
Kerbal space program
I am unconvinced it would be a great
stream because we're too podcast II yeah
we don't focus on the game enough
abandon that sounds great to send us
that and then we'd love that yeah that's
that's the real fun we could never get
we could never get fully we could never
we could never just sit down and pay
attention up to know how even how to
build a rocket right right
ah this one those fingers yeah yeah
waffle tail for 21 fucking months in a
row artic is Rex who says holy fuck come
cretin doobie sandwich two sandwiches I
don't think I'm allowed to share my
thoughts
in my second first month all right Thai
Rak the ancient for 16 months in a row
oh gee archimedes this one should really
be youtubers authority cuz I'd give them
it's because I can do the impact in 11
was like a father a father 42 for 28
fuckin months in a row don't go far for
220 a month of the Christians for some
tiny American flag for Reza
wait what oh it's funny most
prescriptions for some heiny american
flag for other don't blame me I voted
for kotas we want with here's what we're
gonna do we're gonna move forward not
backwards we're gonna move upwards not
downwards and constantly spinning
caroling Oh whirling I've made the same
section and I'm constantly twirling
twirling taught freedom double to deuce
says yeah bgb live dream sign for 15
months in a row the off switch for 16
months in a row and the off switch says
it's 1:00 a.m. where I live I've just
gotten back from the pub and remembered
I have a flat inspection tomorrow
morning so thank you for providing noise
to keep me awake and tidying in my
totally not drunk State you guys always
make the best noise revelant mr. Steve
Harvey Oswald crazy Elvis the real net
boy for 13 months in a row says let's
hope we see mr. planket on the nerd crew
probably won't happen those streams will
not be crossed you say that until Abdo
jest says previously on previously
recorded rich tells fans
shut up and this is the game we are
playing also Jack needs eggs ends and
ends not multiplying and just one end
and and no I'm good on eggs but thank
you not a robot 101 says thanks for all
the entertainment rich Jack again I
won't get to see this message read but
you guys deserve my sub still can't
continue after next month had to stop my
Amazon Prime due to no job I might soon
maybe then I'll get to see this read
then no problem not a robot yep no no
problem not problem we appreciate
anything that anyone can do good luck
with the job hunt mmm Apache Co pizza
train 11 for 27 fucking months in a row
pizza train 11 says hey Jack I know you
love board games and you love FTL there
is a Kickstarter for a board game that
is basically FTL it's called ray guns
and rocket ships check it out yeah Pizza
train I have a board game addiction yeah
and you are not you're not helping
because like I'm gonna look this up and
it's probably going to look good and I'm
probably gonna kickstart it and then
I'll just have way more board games ray
guns and rockets right ships you're not
your innate you're enabling me you're
enabling my addiction Princess Peach Bop
MV was it MV convulsant resonant oh yeah
poke Alex in the eye since if anyone
tells you that prereqs best days are
behind him they're looking the wrong way
I don't know about that man wait a
minute our best days are behind us
that's not true at all now
in the last few streams garbage he's
been great streams I don't know wait
talking about I don't know why talking
about your crazy person what lands uh
says does this work
Berg's miss no nonsense in a bag says
makes with a great live show on top of
super rlm content you're welcome
Colonel Ramon said I'd love to talk more
board games on stream the one of the
issues is actually like for a while just
all I was playing was Marvel legendary
and so I didn't get a chance to play him
any new games but we'll talk more board
games ah let's see here kick girl V for
thirteen months in a row okay that's uh
loves a money says love you guys to
pieces my dad thinks rich is the
funniest person on earth ever since I
made him watch space cop haha the good
work haha my worst performance it's a
grateful I'm obviously really funny I
know you're talking about no fear no
envy for twenty seven fucking months in
a row know if you know if he says hey
fuckos thanks for the twenty seven
months no problem thank you no leader
itis or is it Wiener tits I can't even I
need my eyes check tonight Jack what is
wrong with my eyes you're an old man
Wiener wiener tits DVD hwl el gran gone
might be mine Timbo five-on-four Ren
gone money we're gonna we're gonna want
to double that's I think this'll do the
twitch prime yeah yeah it's the sleepy
or it's the Sheep II even nice I think
it's the Chevy Chevy it can be Shep it's
the Chevy I think I yeah I think that's
it we're gonna go ahead Chevy yeah says
love you guys heart emoji leftover beef
who is the wonderful provider of this
very chat watcher that we are using
right now we love it they make the font
bigger on the twat sure old man Ridge
gone everywhere and by the way you need
to you need to write a code that
automatically let makes it larger every
six months because as rich gets older
like just a little bit larger every six
months because as he gets older his eyes
are gonna get worse and worse
leftover beefcake for 30 fucking months
in a row
leftover beefcake says after all this
time I really think you guys should play
the game that I want you to play here I
have this 5 gigabyte file already to
send you guys it's thanks beefcake tofu
ace I think it's the last one to write
this is nothing and tofu ace who says
thanks for making the years of dread
brighter with humor and heck front ring
by the way rich check out the book
series space team it's sci-fi humor and
the vein of Starship grifters and the
hitch-hiker series criminal team in
space
fighting the space things right one more
nukkie and under the wire here we got
this this is our second end and ravenous
1313 thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
sure we really do thank you thank you
alright
click off there ok so rich yeah
guardians the galaxy to this really you
think you think they're gonna buy this
for a second well I'd you know you have
to commit to the bit rich my crawling
you out on it is a much better bit yeah
that's fair
