Episode 106
Exploring new Fridays (Part 2)
July 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94khWgPVj4U
___________________________________________

thank you jack yep I think I you're it's
either jacker or Jason is coming up the
stairs to kill us at this point I might
be okay with that
Jack put us out of our misery quickly
I'm looking for a car battery and keys
we need it we did a bunch of things
no multi-deck did not bring Taco Bell
when did the mic set up one says her
mics are clipping I'm not an audio guy I
don't know how to correct this or what
that even is they were saying that I was
loud which is probably a miracle I said
Karen was quiet I tried I was loud I
tried to adjust it and no one was happy
and I was that I was like distorting
terribly when I spoke up or something
and I moved the microphone away from my
face which seemed to help it better be
good did Jack fix the audio successfully
they want to know if you wanted an
adventure to get eggs Jack we were we
were over at the demarinis pizza
successfully yeah they said I'm quiet
now well you know what you guys are just
gonna happen you just gonna have to deal
with it okay you made your bed you you
you lie in it okay okay okay see now I
can move the mug closer well a little
bit anyway but not too much cuz I might
have to move myself
no it's fine it's all fine okay they
basically somebody in this cheers is
obsessed with knowing from a guy's
perspective I guess whether you would
want Rebecca or Diane or or Sheryl from
Cheers
Rebecca or Carla I always liked the
curly-haired one and Diane was like like
Sam's love interest hi everybody I made
it I don't know that much about Cheers
what is wrong with these people
our fans new heart I've never seen that
much a new hire all I remember about new
hardest is Larry Darrell and Darrell
Oh Jack has a microphone he's working
out and he's like screwing it in and
assembling it and working a bunch of
little knobs and things what'd you do to
it I didn't do nothing
rich and I have been abusing each other
yeah yeah he slammed my fingers in your
keyboard on accident did your laptop he
like what that close your laptop in my
hand was up there so that I started
poking him how come no one ever picks
mrs. Howell from Gilligan's Island don't
older women lead lovin to is this my
microphone this is my microphone nobody
ever picks anybody but Mary Ann yeah hey
everybody hi hi Mary Ann Hondo Hondo
precent Oh Mary Ann oh there's Gilligan
the skipper to the millionaire and his
wife the movie star the professor and
Mary Ann hello hey everybody
Mary Ann okay so wait do you have is
there someone chasing you rich not at
this moment oh okay this game has a
fixation with sweaters what do you mean
what you I'm well there's like this guy
that walks around in sweaters and
they're like they're always tied to his
back and they come in like four
different colors and now she's wearing
it have you ever been to summer camp it
gets cold at night cannot find it
Northwoods yeah it does yeah
surprisingly so Oh
considering how warm it gets in the
daytime run run don't run this way don't
run this week don't run this way nope
does it are you playing with people you
know or no we learned our lesson
oh there is there is and he can't run I
assume
can you run rich oh he throws a night
die that's great that's great
hi that's a great question or does the
VHS glitch I'm gonna entertain oh my god
I thought that was there just to make
things with more IEDs or something
that's a good question maybe it does
signify something maybe that means he
sees you
somebody said they gave their fish Han
Solo a proper burial
I heard I heard someone asked us to name
their fish they named him Luke Leia Han
died I'm sorry
yeah Tibet did you it's a proper burial
about encasing in the Carbonite I think
it's just flushing them down the toilet
I think that's just more of a fish thing
not necessarily a Han thing until they
get to another an 18 year old frog fish
named fluffy that we bury the yard
because well because we had for like 40
years but also because we were
legitimately concerned that he might is
that what the via jest which means you
can't do something
Wow enjoy dying your dead body
what's HUD Housing and Urban Development
but well yes Housing and Urban
Development is very important in games
by the way so if you toggle if you
toggle why right now you can actually
add input so you know how you think tax
dollars should be spent for housing or
it means a heads-up display okay Karen
somebody said that the well you know I'm
not a brain surgeon like our housing a
nice topical humor but the VA John Rich
we even had help from your team and you
still died they said the VHS means
adjacent yeah I mean just tell me these
teleporting oh he can tell you can
teleport he has abilities chip I got
away entirely on my fucking own like the
second or third match we played oh it
says you get to talk to bed meat you get
to talk to Ben Carson if you click on
that nice Oh Jack I tell you how the
pyramids were used for storing I earlier
on in the stream huh
I fixed the car mister car needs battery
and gas and you need keys oh I did all
of that myself uh-huh
I got in the car I started it up other
players are running towards me to get in
the car and I left them behind because
Jason was on their ass and while he was
busy dealing with them I escaped they're
running towards the car they're not your
friends right I love you you feel bad
for them I got the drive for the exit
unobstructed music a.m. we have certain
your survivor's guilt has survivor's
guilt it would have been different if
you were maybe playing with people you
knew and there were friends but these
were the strangers fuck them they said
you're crippling diabetes kept you from
running fast enough no
oh look at this fanciful hipster oh shit
oh he really can't teleport okay there's
like a lot this game everybody seems to
either wear a plaid or the dress like
some kind of rich yuppie from oh my god
there's wait to see if a knife is good
all the way no he needs to split in half
now it's almost like they were designed
to look like the people loved in the
movies back in the day Karen do you want
to give this a go Jack no I don't care
to be interested but you know it's not
bad yeah try it out on another day enjoy
this more than I enjoyed dead by
daylight oh yeah I remember that yeah
well we're gonna probably string this
Wednesday to rob of probably possibly
how do you donate Bitcoin our donations
are done through PayPal so somehow you
can hope I'm dead this sounds like
there's no way to do it directly but you
know there's probably some way to do it
if somehow you can turn your Bitcoin
into PayPal them yeah you turned your
real money into Bitcoin and then you
turned a Bitcoin into something and you
turn your something this step thing into
something into PayPal and then yeah do
PayPal or just do PayPal
do we take food stamps
those aren't a thing anymore now it's
they're just on cards well it still yeah
if you want to mail us all of your snap
cards and not feed your children I mean
I guess that could happen this person is
smart they would just drop the car
battery just wait him out four six nine
yeah that's the yep she's the only one
left there's no way she's going to
install the car battery he's talking
right over me yep right probably grab my
keys they need that but this was the
plan was never going to work that plan
is never going to work
we need more guts more guts
gonna be killed by lady fingers did you
be distracted by them and you can get
away sure that's nice cuz you can't kill
him
there's like a convoluted process you
would need some massive teamwork yeah
you didn't actually poke me you like
pretend poke I tried to poke you but I
couldn't reach just a problem you
couldn't like I literally from that uh
yeah but I was like reaching this way
without looking see you you go they
would make contact pretend poke so why
does he have the dead head of his mother
he keeps trying to make sense out of
Jason and what he is it's a nonsensical
mystical universe yes well except for
the first one which kind of makes sense
kind of
after that you know the further the
further the first one it was the mother
the whole time right let me see this
thing
Oh God oh Jesus Christ PSA get a room
JS BA God they want to know if any of us
have ever sky dived I can speak for oh
that's not gonna happen how about you -
I've never skies the sky dome hey you
could do it for me
there was Pella Sawa's there was
probably a time where I would be okay
skydiving but then like enough good
stuff happened in my life where I'm like
I don't want to end this stupidly
cuz if you die while skydiving everyone
goes and yeah no that's that's pretty
that's pretty okay like yeah he was an
asshole jumped out of a plane
what Oh what do you got kids you try to
avoid dying while they're kids
well you know dying while doing
something that is like it's really easy
to die by yeah yeah you if you have if
you got kids if you have to die die like
saving something saving somebody from
burning building or something where they
could be all proud of right exactly
that damn jumped out of a plane no he
didn't he paid a bunch of money to jump
out of a plane like a jackass and then
and then you know the thing that
happened when you jump out of a plane
happens
but his local newspaper is like the
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel so I don't
think jumping out of a plane at a leak
he'd make the front page if it was like
you know some small town baby
Milwaukee said that something bigger
would come up some aldermen would have
an affair somebody would do something
and so does it take a while for Jason to
spawn no no so he spawned somewhere
everyone spawns somewhere from carbon
our battery oh that's good Jason have
children is Jason fertile he's sometimes
he's a corpse sometimes he's not a
corpse sometimes he's a disembodied
spirit he was a woman I know he was he
was the mom in the first one he wasn't
there right in the first one it was them
it was Jason's mother the whole time
Jason's mother possibly see right on my
ass
you do have an odd relationship
yeah what luck
that's not gonna to meet again
oh he's a skis that you're like oh he's
in front of me he's right in front of
you can you play this game there's
Jason's mom I mean is that one of the
Jason is available and that's why you
want the pocket knife oh yeah I didn't
have time to hear your question because
I'm fighting for my motherfucking life
but my guess is talking about that I can
have the original skin the of the
original you know the Jason
quote-unquote but my guess is you cannot
play as an old lady well that seems like
an oversight you know what I bet this
this will be chalked full of DLC if
somebody suggested that there should be
downloadable sweaters one of which would
be the Bill Cosby sweater which would
cause the female campers to you can
throw the female camp Rosetta I went I
want a version where you something where
you could grab people into sleeping bags
did you stop this whopping oh right that
would be great oh this is sleeping bag
death in this but you have to you have
to find somebody when they're hiding in
a tent sure which probably isn't gonna
happen hiding isn't that useful and this
unfortunately he said you should check
out the Scimitar I need to find that car
battery I dropped and then we can go
check out the cemetery there are
sleeping bags well you know but I want
to know if you can beat people with
other people in sleeping bags that's
you're talking about how our favorite
part of the whole Jason series is where
the girls where they've got the virtual
reality thing going and the girls are
like we love premarital sex oh sure
oh no isn't that is that Freddy vs.
Jason no that was Jason eggs was that
Jason eggs though and then he takes that
your own sweet bikini bag if you deserve
a beat the other girl the sleeping bag
dad everything all right what am I
looking for in this cemetery so there's
me
my guess is some of these so yeah there
was Pamela Voorhees his grave okay
probably these are little
Easter eggs we gotta try and live here
yeah no time for Easter eggs does that
mean he's gonna close her yeah
yeah oh there's a tent okay okay what
are they afraid are they having really
bad sex a little bit of both they're
afraid because we bad sex and put down
the car battery but there was a shotgun
no I found a bomb day jason vs. jason
bourne who wins oh good question
that's a great question jason vs jason
bourne my guess is at the end of the day
Jason Bourne wins bud the second act low
point is horror Jason really really
beats my bad how about Jason Bourne
versus Jason and the Argonauts does he
have the Argonauts okay then
rich what do you want me he's on your
nine he's on your now this way I'm
crawling into this window great I just
wanted to let you know he was on your
nine tiberius clerk says Jason Kirk says
Jason Voorhees wins because Jason Bourne
can't Krav Maga for he's to death no you
really can't
yeah but he could stun him and and he's
also like a super text 5 so he could
like set a bunch of traps he could do
some shit blow him up and he's pretty
good at running
Jason Statham versus Jason Jason Statham
all the way Jason Statham would do some
fucked up shit and tear him apart looted
I'm not gonna find anything useful on
here
how about what's the name of the guy who
the the guy from Seinfeld Jason
Alexander Jason Alexander he's giving a
pretty fast a thing no offense to Jason
Alexander but you know but offense huh
no offense but offense no I'm no offense
but I mean look at one he's an older man
you know I'm not I'm not basically I'm
making assumptions about the athleticism
of Jason Alexander at this place based
purely on this an older chubby older
poor smaller frame individual I'm gonna
go out on a limb and say you know he
can't run a solid mile we're talking
prime Costanza here then maybe no Jason
still wins Jason still wins Costanzo
eats it Cramer eats it Elaine and Gerry
barely make it out
Kramer eats it yeah no Kramer's pretty
pretty crazy Kramer and Newman hatch a
plan to stop Jason and it's a wacky
goofy plan that Kramer is sure is gonna
work and and Jerry wants to be more
sensible and just run away with Elaine
so Kramer and Newman end up eating it
this is now a spec script that someone
needs to write which is Seinfeld versus
Jason calling and calling triple-a to
hire a tow truck should have been an
option what helped but of course Freddy
would have shown up driving the tow
truck new and dies and that's for sure
absolutely no and then like you need a
you need a buddy combination and so you
have to have the numeron Newman and
Kramer buddy package
oh nice
so then Kramer can like stumble upon the
mutilated corpse of Newman alright drop
how do I drop by too much Kramer versus
by you how about a few addresses Andy
Kaufman up there right he's right behind
you
he's right behind you we're dead yeah
yeah okay we can't run we're dead okay
how do you drop items yeah
he squeezed my neck
squeeze it you're up you know what rich
a fine effort and you you got the car
battery near the car and so like can you
type to them and say the car battery is
near the car no I don't see any option
for type chat you almost need a mic it's
usually T it's the dumbest thing you
know it's a big negative it's a big
negative I was with a group once trying
to get the car started I had found the
keys before I ran into these other
survivors and I kept hearing them over
their mics we did phone keys we did find
the keys I couldn't communicate that I
had the keys I mean this is like last
night making a microphone hooked up well
it's a it's a cooperative multiplayer
game sure so you either need to have you
need to make sure that everyone hasn't
like to play it or it's on PC there's a
keyboard right there of course text chat
yeah or something like like overwatch
has like quick character doodle
sentences get a fucking mic right you
never play fucking multiplayer games
fuck off instead of taking the time to
type your character can sit you can have
your character say stuff like let's go
this direction or you know here's here's
where my ultimate is and so maybe they
could have like a key I like a shortcut
where your character could go I have the
keys we need to find the battery watch
out behind you that would be great I
have let's go to quickly chat mouse and
keyboard mappings forward left backward
right in Iraq crouch jog run flashlight
map objectives inventory next inventory
previous weight use item use item use
item use item use large item drop item
drop large item Z Z I'm using a
controller right ask that
he'll be we review hold breath break
free aim combat stay wait I'll push the
time no push talk isn't useful at all no
text no text well we could do that right
now right like if I hold T its
push-to-talk I don't know if they can
hear me I don't know if the game comes
our mics or what I don't know Oh looks
like you can heads up everyone we drop
to the battery near the car is the only
person alive
they learn to use the flashlight in
Morse code we wait for this guy to die
or do we leave and find a new match
maybe this guy to die rich see what's
going on testing testing KO taan cloture
kick what
Jack generally the dead can't
communicate with the living in these
games oh sure you know what that makes a
ton of sense that makes actually way too
much sense this guy he's great
like the play is Jason one more time Oh
his feet don't really touch the ground
and that's a little upsetting kind of
glide eeeh there might be touching the
ground but he was like hovering like
yeah I found a guy I had a major glitch
yeah yesterday first first round I ever
played oh no um I was like I was kind of
like walking up a hill and I I got
detached from the ground I ended up like
a hundred feet in the air
Jason's just running around underneath
me can't do anything nice so you want
high disconnected yeah and I'm guessing
if you sneak like this like if you're
Jason if you're Jason I'm guessing you
can like hear people we play as Jason
you'll see this there's all there's a
whole number of things Jason can do okay
they want to know if you like the board
game life I'm okay with life I always
like the little cars yeah it's like it's
fine you have to get the walkie-talkie
and hear other players you can hear all
the players if you're just near then you
have the walkie-talkie you can hear and
talk to them from anywhere it's if they
have a it's a game that seems designed
to make adulthood seem as awful as
possible I'd say it makes it seem it too
easy I get some kids you get some money
like
i-it's a button you know what like
that's that's like a classic family
board games and like I'm part of that
it's no monopoly well it drags on
forever a lot of people play by like
house a lot of fight house if you play
by the actual rules it's a lot quicker
yeah I've heard that which is nice about
payday you ever play payday payday it
was kind of fun it's like you had like a
calendar and you went through the mom
tried to game yeah like there there's
some fun I found some fun YouTube videos
about like the history of Monopoly and
it's actually like it's really
fascinating monopoly started out as an
anti Gavin board game yep show you how
horrible it was to show you how horrible
capitalism wasn't like the fat cats a
ruining average folk but then it was
bought out by Parker Brothers or they
came up with the monopoly clone or
something that turned it into a pro
capitalism game and so but like a couple
the thing here's my question did they
change the rules they check out not all
of the rules they only changed some of
the rules which is why the game can seem
uneven at times as they kept a lot of
the original rules but added their own
twist to it and and so that's why I can
seem so weird but then it like everyone
plays with house rules and yeah one of
the biggest House Rules is is free
parking yeah and on free parking and
like people put their money in the
middle and it's like winning the lottery
not supposed to happen yeah people also
do a lot of things where they they take
out loans from each other and things
like that well and I think that's the
kind of stuff is acceptable like where
you are where you can barter with other
people the other thing is if someone
lands on a property and doesn't buy it
it's supposed to then go up for auction
to all the other players and then they
can you know auction and bid on it
it's gets it and so a lot of times
people don't play that way and a bunch
of property goes on bond the controller
doesn't have a push-to-talk I know every
time that they like change the tokens
people get all up in arms all kinds of
minor quibbles I have with this game
yeah no I am enjoying it okay well
paradoxically if you want to talk tell
me I have I got my finger on the T if
you want to talk I have the keyboard on
my lap I'm ready we're gonna do this is
multiplayer gaming you see your
microphone doesn't seem right which is
vague my microphone doesn't seem right
how does it seem how does it seem wrong
finally they were just set up and never
moved never adjusted weird for a minute
that was kind of the idea yeah you know
who ruined that rich you know who ruined
that idea nerd crew you dickheads had to
use these microphones for nerd crew and
of course they're not my microphone so I
haven't yeah you have no saying it I
were very very fortunate to have these
wonderful microphone they say the game
is louder than either me or you really
apparently nothing's louder the rich
no never have you ever met rich
nothing's louder than rich well then I
will move the microphone closer to my
face Thank You Aaron you should do the
same if I stick them well there's the
problem with this is that I'm trying to
read the chats right and you have now
stuck the microphone between my face and
the Chad's right and these these two
things that are embedded in my face they
they are involved in in yeah
reading now you've lost you're sad about
go for broke replay that go for broke no
it's a sort of anti-monopoly you're
trying to get rid of your money there is
an actual game called anti-monopoly did
you know that did you know there is a
board game called anti-monopoly I will
get right on that chief evolving new AI
so I just like some iced stock so I
could just kind of Bend him around you
know
a snail has that would be needs that
would be super super neat epic jason
says this upcoming Saturday is this 31st
birthday happy birthday happy birthday
this upcoming Saturday so in happy
birthday in six days
happy birthday yeah Harvey barf biofuel
31st it's less than six like 28 no no he
didn't say his birthday was on the 31st
birthday on Saturday okay I can see
where that June Sun Joon something oh
hey hi are we gonna be Jason oh great
okay all right here's a Jason's first
power okay teleporting oh look at that
let's go right here no one is almost as
old as rich I'm older than rich not by
much
No
a couple weeks okay and I see it has a
cool-down
oh and and what are those circles nice
sense is available okay
it said I'm confirmed for Cougar when
you're when you're less than a month
older I don't know that's exactly cougar
I mean I'm like robbing the cursor
that's somebody I'm like robbing the
cradle from the big wheel or something
driving bike and the big wheel rather
robbing the cradle or something sure so
like that's not that was someone running
rich or something yeah they're walking
making noise okay and they need to be
more afraid before my sense can pick
them up they're in the other side of the
lake okay somewhere the amount of age
difference that has to be there for it
to matter goes up with your age like you
know I mean like if you're 90 and your
girlfriend is 77 nobody says oh you but
like you know if your
20 in your girlfriend is three or
suddenly that's weird
oh really
he didn't wonder Jason
make them what's up said this guy looks
like when you the sweater guy looks like
when they use a plastic thing to pull
your lips back and they want to take
pictures of your teeth age divided by
two plus seven yeah that read houses you
know somebody's a reasonable at least
once people are not like really little
nice door you had their dingus nice okay
yeah we're gonna now your thumb walk so
why does Jason keep having issues with
fireworks because it's a game play
mechanics so the player has something
they could do to hold him back
story-wise maybe he was didn't he I
don't know he'd be drown right
and there's also Evil Dead mode neither
don't dead moose mode me to move you run
really fast that was quickly the fun of
that car battery
nope hello Suncoast that was like the
VHS store right those videos overpriced
movies did they even make it into the
DVD era now their movies were like 30
bucks oh yeah yeah but they they had all
like that was like this special food
video store they had all the foreign
imports all the specialty ones all the
niche markets and then came the internet
and then then came Netflix know that
when when it's like Sunkiss or Suncoast
yes yeah when it places are that
expensive it's hard to feel bad for them
would I go under right yeah you know
what but you know in like growing up in
the suburbs that's what we have that or
blockbuster pretty much and you know we
couldn't buy anything from blockbuster
that wasn't like horribly degraded after
a thousand viewings well we said that's
the video store I had that's the only
video store I had in the suburbs Oh
dingus we had black eyes we had
blockbuster and Hollywood and then there
was like this family video update which
had like a porn room how do these people
fight all of this shit so quick there's
like blockbuster with a former
you can never die they're trying to kill
you
can't dodges he's not alive dingus
victims win by not being dead and they
escape right they get off the mappers
energy you can see them through the card
now that enough time has passed
are they red make them suffer likely
I'll be honest
Jason seems a little overpowered
I'm doing really good right now are
you're doing you're doing so good it
almost looks not fun Jason's like like
under the giant figure Jason make them
stop her Jason can teleport Jason can
teleport and Evil Dead which is great
they say he's just trying to ask them a
question
ah which ones that icon in the upper
left upper left yeah can you chop OH I
then rage mode starts I don't know much
about that I haven't had many
opportunities to be Jason sure come on
you fuckers got to be around here
somewhere I think there might just be
one left yeah had more than one left so
now they're probably being smart like
sneaking away right
yeah you're playing against like other
actual people right yes don't want them
to get to that car but there are other
cars oh there are other cars it might be
one other one though hello Betty go
what are the circles going back to the
car smart buy yeah oh yeah she's gone Oh
yep damn it oh dear and close rich so
close they found like all of the things
they needed to get that car going like
right off the fucking bat I all said
done I did good okay oh no you look like
you were doing exceptionally well I need
a break you want to give this a shot
sure
okay keep that you know you don't have
to respond later don't feel stress about
it look at this right in front of me any
tips what kind of stuff do you get when
you level up you unlock different
counsellors different outfits they can
wear versions of Jason from different
movies though it seems like which one
you get is randomized sure but you don't
unlock other options you can spend like
points you earn by playing for different
kills okay or for like survival perks
and I can only imagine there's also
microtransactions where instead of like
getting in my leg I'm not even sure I
even at least I haven't noticed anything
but that was like I paid for this oh
yeah I haven't noticed I haven't gone
looking sure I would I'd assume there'd
be some sort of like counselor perks
though people things like like Jason
might has a chance to not notice you
when he uses his sense powers like stuff
like that cool you run faster under
dress you know yeah I agree with this
person for $40 she better not be
microtransactions that's that's all game
well and and you know it's one it's one
of those it's not free to play but it's
you know a freemium or it's like it's
it's the same thing they're doing in
overwatch where overwatch is a
full-price game but they have loot boxes
and you can earn loot boxes just by
playing the game or you can buy them to
get them faster and it's like that's how
you make your money that's how you make
your money I'm so pissed one got away
you should be so pissed
you should be that was a good run though
well just think about all the people you
killed not about the one person you fail
to go rich you killed so many people did
such a good job arey dead so dead really
dead they're so really dead jack they
want to know if you've seen the new twin
I have not yet I have not yet knowing
we're probably gonna talk a little bit
about it on Wednesday I'm a little
tempted to but I also don't know because
I have a lot of work I need to get done
in the next couple of days as we're
waiting for this round to start I can
say over the weekend I did have a chance
to finally see get out the Jordan Peele
social commentary horror movie which was
fantastic finally came to video on doing
their defending you huh
defending you rich rich was not short
tempered about the question it was
carries complete lack of either
awareness or caring about what the
situation the game was in dividing his
attention for non pertinent mundane
nonsense I could have waited a minute
that's true yes yes
rich Jack Karen which is each of your
favorite Friday the 13th film thanks for
all the free laughs I don't have one
I like I really like Freddy vs. Jason
that's that was fun I don't taste max oh
yeah there's some to be said for Jason
eggs too I think they're all fun for
very different reasons like you know you
gotta have love for the original but two
is wacky font was was it two or was it
three 3d that was 3d probably three ha I
knew a sumed three but it might have
been could have been for maybe the 3d
one is silly that you know they do so
many stick it to stick the thing towards
the camera they kind of love that three
was 3d and the jaws did the same thing
Josh 3d yeah I remember seeing them the
theater and black and white with those
stupid red and blue glasses oh yeah
I love that guy's face mm-hmm okay move
around windows are your friend with
windows with a shutter you can't climb
through windows that don't have a
shutter you can you can like open those
and get in
Jason cannot go through the windows he
can smash them and when he smashes them
you take a little bit of damage when you
climb through or so I've heard but not
really noticed tap a to go through hold
it down to close the window again what
you're not gonna want to do then look
for drawers and you want to find items
you can escape by calling the police
then the police come then you can walk
out the exit otherwise you can't walk
out the exit you're trapped in Crystal
Lake or you can drive out but you have
to fix the car which requires car
battery car keys and gasoline or you can
repair the boat which just you need the
propeller and gas boat only holds two
people though and Jason is super
dangerous in water he might be faster
than the boat but you you you don't see
Jason it's just like he can pop up
anywhere in the water once you're in the
water
are you rowing or you motor boating it's
a motor boat you have to fix the motor
boat and then you could take the boat
out so call the cops take the boat out
or take a car out or kill him but that
takes the knowledge of how to do it and
a ridiculous amount of teamwork right oh
there's a bad
yeah for anybody confused you don't
actually see Jason swim he walks and
once he's beneath the water surface you
don't see him but you know where you are
as the player and you can just just like
really fast you see this little red blur
above the water that represents where
you are and that just that zips around
yeah yeah oh them the red are on the
bottom that's your stamina never neglect
that don't spend too much time sprinting
if you click down the right stick that's
sprint or lipstick not right left
how do you beat Jason okay you have to
knock his mask off which he Jason needs
to take a significant amount of damage
so his mass needs to be knocked off then
you have to use the radio so that Tommy
Jarvis shows up what Tommy Jarvis had
character from some of the movies he was
never especially interesting but I guess
he's the thing so he shows up a player
who either died or escaped places Tommy
Jarvis has to pick up the mask and a
machete then outside of this female
counselor needs to find Jason's Shack
put out his mother's sweater then
confront Jason and then once Jason is
stunned after seeing the sweater Tommy
Jarvis with the mask and the machete has
to kill Jason but it can happen it can
happen
so you cannot kill Jason if you do that
complicated Tommy Jarvis what's your
thing you do kill Jason but if you just
the normal player if you hit him enough
with the ax no the best that's gonna do
is eventually it will knock his mask off
but it will not kill him those who said
you can use Tommy Jarvis is just another
life to help out with an escape
condition yes if I can find the
walkie-talkie the radio the walkie
talkie just lets other players
communicate with other players over
distance sure and you need a mic for
that to even matter well I guess you
could hear them if they have mics Jason
wear that red thing on the radar he's
heading toward you fucking knows where
you are he's got Jason senses oh that's
right fuck somebody's Oh somebody's all
gung-ho about Twin Peaks I don't watch
it Karen hasn't watched it jack hasn't
watched it but I do want to see the new
Roseanne oh shit
was it you throw up some knives
Oh a quick down right stick for combat
stance might make it easier for the
knock them down click down right stick
the force of your blow on Jason cause
you to break your arms which is enough
damage to kill you know I pulled that
out of my ass the first time I saw ever
seen somebody hit somebody else with an
axe and the person who's swinging the
axe dies right god damn it I think I
lasted a lot longer in the game that I
wouldn't realize yeah I think that's
pretty good so you give me that you can
either spectate other players or you can
just quit out and find another match I
will see what L see what they're doing
we'll get some we'll get some mad strats
if you wait it out you you get more
level up points more experience points
it's like 500 it's a decent chunk sure
is this the only player left apparently
Oh someone's in there
yep this is the only player left
how long is rich from playing this most
of the stream I first week we grabbed
some Lego games but I thought Karen my
leg she got bored after five minutes
all those Lego games I think I think
we've learned a valuable lesson about
streaming with Karen was that that she's
always get a good board with whatever it
is for five minutes it's very true it
takes it takes a special takes a special
sort to power through the board you just
talk to people so they you know look
they're heck with it
Friday the 13th is new and people want
to see you don't want to see this dead
body I know I've seen more you can take
off in any time you got a car I know I
figured you'd want to go to bed early so
you know your job so used to it you can
take off now
this tummy as well does Tommy Jarvis
spawn with a shotgun oh why does Tommy
Jarvis bomb with a shotgun
if Jason Jason can only be killed with a
machete to make killing Jason a little
bit harder for no good reason they said
you should keep rubbing my arm sleeve
they meant the other way around
let's just play the game with the
bookworm that makes words you guys well
not you not all of you but some of you
cheat when we do that it robs the fun
out of it when you know that you know
we're playing we're taking suggestions
from the chat and there's a really
really good chance any good word
somebody just used an anagram scrambler
to find and I especially feel bad if
somebody's got a good word and somebody
else has a great word but the great word
is cheating and the other person we're
not gonna use their words yeah yeah I
know did a really good word that they
came up with on their own
this is some mad strats here
oh I'm sure some of you definitely had
perfectly religious somebody somebody
flat out really tell what that game
somebody flat-out
confessed like a stream later yeah
flat-out confess terrible I knew it was
gonna happen but I'm saying these good
words I'm not gonna accuse people of
cheating midstream you know any proof
look she's in a Michael Bay movie oh
that's interesting the funny thing about
Jason is that every parody of him always
says in wielding a chainsaw he's never
used a chainsaw
in the movies yeah you know if they're
crossing their wires with the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre both of those a hockey
mask and the chainsaw like together they
define your low-budget slasher flavor
people didn't use a chainsaw against him
and he
a weed whacker a weed whacker okay
where's Jason I know you know get to
spectate him a weed whackers just have
like those plastic things that like give
you nasty welts if they hit your leg can
you even really do damage there is the
usual kind II he can't find her she
probably has perks that keep her hidden
from his census ye and she just
standings - oh no she's moving she's
gone that means that means we got ten
minutes of this shit fine we'll talk
about shit you know what television
program I've been watching and really
enjoying yeah
the Netflix original master of none have
you seen them
nope I want you to watch the just one
episode oh I think I've heard of this
what's this about it's it's worth his
ease I'm sorry I don't know names did
you ever watch the old sketch comedy
show human giant No did you watch Parks
and Recreation I'm not my I'm familiar
with it though he he is the Indian man
from Parks and Rec okay NNE so it's a
show that he stars in and writes and
directs some episodes and it's just
basically about a dude living in New
York who's kind of aloof and doesn't
have a direction and it's it's a comedy
program and it is quite wonderful it's
very it's a well it's a very earnest
show like the way that they handle
situations it's very it's clever and
honest and Eric Wareheim is in it from
the Tim and Eric show is very good I
finished season one today and I'm really
enjoying it okay I also have a special
connection with Aziz Ansari yeah did you
ever play the game celebrity no
celebrity is by far my favorite party
game the way celebrity works is everyone
who is playing celebrity writes down ten
celebrity names so you know the three of
us are playing we each write down ten
celebrity names put them on a little
slip of paper put those papers in a bowl
right yeah and then we have teams and
you have to pick up a piece of paper and
the rule of celebrity is the only the
only words you can't say are that
person's name you can say
anything else get your team to guess
that celebrity's name okay
and it's one of my favorite party games
and there's three different rounds using
the same thing that was Arnold
Schwarzenegger you could be like he was
he was turning commando kindergarten
kindergarten cop bodybuilder cut yeah
Aaron fussing hey that's the point
look if you don't know who it was what
if you don't know who it was then then
you don't get any points and your team
fails for that round until someone else
can go so they but it's a it's a really
fun party game because you know like
it's it's something easy for everyone
right I was playing one year with my
cousin and my aunt and a bunch of people
and the one rule of celebrity is you
can't save the celebrity name yeah and
so my aunt gets Aziz Ansari she doesn't
know who that name is his name is
spelled kind of weird you yeah I don't
know how to pronounce it
and so she she just starts going well it
is what it is I'm sorry
and we're like what and she's like it is
what it is I'm sorry it is what it is
I'm sorry and we're just like what's
that pitch and that like eventually we
figure out that she was just trying to
say the name in a different way like
that's that's the one rule of celebrity
is you can't say the name fucking bitch
I know it's great but right it's a very
clever Qi but now like it that was that
was maybe like five years ago at this
point and to this day anytime anyone
ever says it is what it is all I can
think of yeah right yeah I'm sorry it is
what it is I'm sorry it is what it is
I'm sorry but uh but it's it's a really
clever show and it's you know what's the
the great thing about master of none is
it's it's one of those 28 minutes
Netflix shows a lot of hours yeah short
short little show clever and funny pop a
handful in your mouth like skittles like
skittles right oh the end it's dangerous
can write because it just watch one
but short season so we were talking
about the the Roseann revival yeah
earlier I was wondering you suppose
suppose they're gonna make Darlene a
lesbian and Sara Gilbert the brown the
brown the brown the brown haired one
curly brown who is a lesbian in real
life okay but her character I don't
think was a lesbian on the Big Bang no
it was on the show right in the show yes
yes yeah I think they got may have
gotten married on the show - oh did that
I'm not an episode sure about that
doesn't mean anything she's fairly
famous for having come out yeah are they
going to make Darlene a lesbian because
of that and if you're Sara Gilbert are
you flattered or kind of insulted
because you're an actress and you your
job as being other people another saying
this is how they see you this is what I
am now this is well you're the lesbian
nice somebody said rumor has it she
would still be a lesbian now was the
Roseanne sister which she was her
character a lesbian because she was
absolutely there retconning that last
season didn't she come out in the last
season I don't know I didn't see the
last season that's you know yeah this is
the shark jump was the last season you
know and the sister came somewhere in
the later seasons my guess is I would
assume that they will have Darlene's
character be whatever she was on the
show unless like she divorced and like
that's just the character twists or the
character arc if she decided she was by
later there's that thing I don't know I
can't imagine that they would say like
no no offense to the actress but she's
not that famous yeah like she's not
Ellen DeGeneres right gay famous yes
she's a famous it's just a little bit
gay baby and that gay famous enough that
every straight person knows whether it
is good exactly i I didn't know that she
was she was a lesbian hadn't really
given her any thoughts and she left fro
saying one way or the other she just you
know and it was like she's a lesbian I'm
like oh okay that's not necessarily a
defining characteristic of her I just I
just just
the thought at the thought of sparking
my head sure if I were the de gay actor
and I came out and then suddenly the
writers want to make my character de is
that insulting or not what does she want
she may want that right you may not sure
on that I'm sure they might have
consulted with her but my guess is
because right I know that was a big
thing for Modern Family is the the gay
couple on Modern Family one of them is a
gay actor and one of them is a straight
actor playing gay and so like they had a
long talk with the two actors about like
just being comfortable working together
and not doing gay face you know sorry
and the character like Roseanne the
Roseanne character was when the show
ended I mean she was probably supposed
to be like 19 or something which is an
age where it wouldn't be totally
shocking of somebody you know still
deciding for themselves what their
identity that was my god right out of
the gate jag that sucks
Neil Patrick Harris who's fine go to the
head towards the other survivors there's
safety in numbers who the white the
white circles in your map or survivor oh
I think all the characters he played
he's played of them straight since since
his revival yes since his since his
revival like with the Harold and Kumar
movies yes he's played he's oh shit I
mean like he's a woman that womanizing
character on the TV show Neil Patrick
Harris and well don't you Houser it was
a kid then yeah that was before oh he
doesn't want me on him mine they said
did he did he play a game no Patrick
Harris in the second or third Harold and
Kumar I don't know I've never seen the
second or third
I will say that Count Olaf is pretty
campy but that's the character - I mean
I've read the books oh yeah and I
haven't seen him yeah oh they're fine
yeah yeah oh he would be a great counter
off he is a great kind of love well in
the a played a straight dude in and dr.
horrible like it's fine it's all fine
it's all fine it's just you know so I
like oh hey keys are those keys no those
no no those are the kind of keys you
need this fucking decoration it's
annoying
oh hello I get I guess like the moral
the story is as far as Sara Gilbert is
concerned
hold the dumb Pope I'll have you hit
select you've got a map or back or
whatever doesn't the Xbox controller
know like Sara Gilbert is an actress
right and what is that I don't know what
that oh is that a fuse I've never been
able to do that you could fix the fuse
box which if you find the phone after
you fix the I guess it's a phone box not
a fuse box you can call the cops
it's an a bear trap yeah once the cop
comes it takes it like five minutes to
get there sure you can leave just by
walking out the exit by walking out the
where the cops are okay well and I know
where the fuse box off these bikes yeah
fix that fucking fuse you got a plan I
can't go out that window I'm trying to
be I'm trying to be stealthy had I
wanted to hear me have you ever seen a
summer camp where they weren't like 75
beds in the same room no oh no no that's
the car that other building that I was
in near oh you know what it's kind of
smoking huh I was near another building
it was this way Jack's got a fuse box
Jason never sleeps at night
sure it wasn't one of them the gas can
which could also there is there it is
you got Jason you're alright he's
looking for someone else get it hold it
down and you're gonna have to do right
bumper left bumper what he's gonna he's
coming your way
get out of there getting better run run
run run run run runaway window well now
don't you think you have to do I'm
hoping he gives up on me
is it behind you yep I see threw a knife
at me fuck hide by the tree right
he knows I want that fuse box
am I the only one left the white arrows
it's Jack trigger Joyce Jason swish and
Jason was here by me - and my misery he
dies does the fuse respond somewhere
it'll be on your corpse and somebody
else if they get to your corpse can grab
it
well Lisa work that way with car keys I
may be Brahman marques that way once
well I actually heading toward someone
else go to the fuse boxes yeah I'm going
I'm but I'm still sneaking I know at
this point he's focuses elsewhere go to
that fuse box
who knows how long he's gonna be
distracted sure what is that
don't worry about it
you keep an eye out of the map
okay with a keyboard okay oh wait you
don't have you don't have a
walkie-talkie it's a moot point note I
made the actual keyboard okay so now
what we need to find a phone and if you
find a phone you can call the cops
I even never found a phone jack okay
it'll be on the wall
I think it's like aqua blue no I'm sorry
judge frowny face
I saw someone use it as a spectator once
it was aqua blue and on the wall unless
use a walkie-talkie
grab it Karen Henry the actual keyboard
I'm working on the fuse box is fixed if
somebody can find the phone that's the
phone we got the phone never mind
cops cops you have to stay alive for
five fucking minutes and make it to that
exit Jericho they can see they can see
that came up on everybody's Candyman -
Williams yeah I've heard that looks like
there's only oh there's two survivors
Annie so first one for Spanish - for
English thank you for calling the
Crystal Lake Police Department our hours
are staying in a building Friday's isn't
necessarily the best idea right cuz the
building goes red bright red
but you want to say near buildings you
can go in and out of window Crystal Lake
Police Department or zoo if you know
your party's extension one of the other
buildings I said a bear trap end is near
by jack
the music's all of our associates are
busy at this time this is this is
potentially stay on the line if you
would like to leave a callback number
right you have the map so when the
police show up psycho killers up on the
mast I find out where the icon for the
police are you want to make it there
okay so we yeah be careful see that car
over there you don't worry about it none
of the building by that car I said a
bear trap or touch-tone that pier car is
gonna be a jason magnet I know when I
play as Jason
but what I'm hoping is he'll come into
the building that's gonna be like a it's
gonna be like a 10 no it's gonna be like
a six second delay it's not gonna do
much Rizzy so what's going on so I'm
just trying to help jack no no no we
were we were we were just the chant and
I were just imagining that he check
calls to Crystal Lake Police Department
and he gets a phone tree thank you for
calling there Crystal Lake Police
Department this call may be monitored
for quality assurance if you know your
party's extension already if this is an
emergency please hang up and call
one that was the music just fucking with
me it could have been I know for sure it
plays when he's near you are being
murdered press 1 for decapitation press
2 if you are being drowned pray for
Jason Voorhees we can't do anything
about that shit hey you're so L for
Freddy Krueger press 4 and a earpiece
piercing shriek will help keep you away
please stay on the line while we play
seventies elevator music do you have all
right search some homes I have a weapon
you a pocketknife would be ideal right
now yeah here's what's gonna happen okay
once the police arrive yeah Jason's
gonna be camping okay he's gonna be
camping by that that police exit sure if
you have a pocketknife what he grabs you
you could just hit a stabbed him and
make it to the exit safely okay yeah if
you were being bashed around in the
sleeping bag stay on the line for 10
start playing Roberta Flack killing me
softly with his song it's late in my
wrist with his razor good yeah yeah you
can grab it it's a health which don't
really need right now did did they play
Dueling Banjos there's another drug for
an hour or did they play or to Dueling
Banjos for an hour while you're on hold
because it's you know as much as we like
doing banjos I'm not sure an hour's
worth of it is it's Jordan my doctor
ordered tonight really I like the Fugees
version except for that one time one
time all that just weird talking over it
should at the beginning got kind of
annoying
alright it's up to you if you want to
brave the police you might have a hard
time finding a pocket knife mm-hmm right
Oh God you are so fucking far away where
am I good oh my god I need to make it to
the pool yeah
laying my flaying
my ribs with his razor breaking my back
with his arm and I don't have the
stamina to run although that's like a
nice oh yeah now our Dueling Banjos why
your excruciating well you know what I
think some people got away
yeah killing me harshly with these
swords
run-run right jack oh god at that pace
you're just never gonna do it
there's safe numbers there's a survivor
over 50 ways to leave your killer you
just hop on the bus goes make a new plan
Stan
I was chasing you don't mom left love lb
by the way Jack yeah we'll look behind
you
do I like watching I know I like her
like early hits you're gonna stand them
up step it up you're fucked you're
fucked old schoolchild obligatory so
close to your welcome everyone for
saving you with the police
Jack the murder if I would have known
like I should have checked the map
earlier to see where they well it's it
could be I think it could be like a
couple different places
oh wait who's oh you get to place him
somebody use the radio let's go where
dies okay so you can still get out no
you don't it's too late so now what do i
do really long day you just plays this
guy somebody it's a thing somebody used
the radio okay think of it like a second
chance Jack great you know he does look
like Doctor Who
shit I still have a long way to go done
again there's many Doctor Who's there
been most people look like Doctor Who he
looks like Matt's neck
oh oh oh shit yeah Freddie's chasing
those people shit stuck on a rock he's
just like hopper from stranger things do
I go do I go help my friend or do I just
get out you get out it's up to you if
you want to help your friend no fucking
oh yeah it was kind of my point to bear
is Kirk I mean there's been like 15 of
them or something at that point they've
covered most of the ways white male guys
can look doctor who sing check stop like
completely stop your stamina where he
feels really quick when you stop there's
no Doctor Who that looks like rich
though hey remember that that show it
was at UHF or whatever with the kids
parents were trapped inside the TV show
yeah have you ever made a video game of
that
up
stay tuned it might be stay tuned oh
yeah with John Ritter yeah yeah I think
you're right but anyway I'm just
wondering what a video game of that
would look like because like every time
they jump channels they're in different
bodies and stuff
shoot him shoot him shotgun across the
bridge would I out of one yep all right
first of all I only get one shot with
the shotgun I get one fucking shot
Jack are you like from the country don't
I got you people supposed to know -
she's got one bullet bullet start you
out with a cap pistol and like a cap to
tip over one bullet rich one bullet that
was my last those a fun adventure yeah I
feel good about that round I feel like I
did well I'm learning the game yeah yeah
you know what I could see this being
oh yeah that person okay and they talk
about our microphone sounding weird the
shotgun gets one never know that thing
oh I'll tell them one shotgun born with
no bleach just a game which virus works
it works good German game you like to
play I want I want the game which works
oh I wish the game actually works feel
sorry because one is a dummy light is
kaput
you know I wish they would go to other
people's close-up reaction of him
instead of just that one guy I loved his
face he has a weird face but oh you're
the hipster oh my god
invert how do i oh god setting d input
settings invert and then X to apply
secret offers a lot see like a house a
to confirm they go sorry I play inverted
you do not yeah cuz I took it in high
school you can speak German because you
took a nice home I know a little bit I
just said the potatoes Oh dere cut off
is a lot I'm sorry I made the cut off is
a lot to do the wrong gender doesn't
have that it makes it hard to remember
we need to find the fuse there's the
fuse box oh you got the fuse no use
boxes in yeah I play inverted I rich
used to play inverted controller because
uh mmm oh I've slightly easier yes what
I converted yeah like I don't because I
don't see very meadows and I don't have
to change the default for everything
anymore like on a mouse I don't play
inverted just on a controller cuz the
stick you know like the stick makes
sense as far as looking for me but when
I'm playing a mouse I don't blame her
hello friend you bring trouble my way
yep
that's the bathroom
so there's somebody in here named Zephyr
kills are you from Zephyrhills what
what's that the hills it's a city in
Florida nope no my relatives is living
down there for a while like my
grandmother but I never better so just
kind of wait from the door
was that been breaking down the door yep
Oh what you do
trying to play mind game with you rich
but he can only come through the door
yeah yeah I want to know if the
consensus would you recommend this game
or not it's fine that's cute
it seems cute it's probably get it on
sale well here's here's the here's the
situation the parents went away a week
vacation and they left the keys to the
brand new force where they mine food
well of course not so so here's the
situation with as with any multiplayer
game it will only be as good oh yeah oh
you're the partner they say Jason can
can melt steel beams Jason was involved
in the moon landing is that true
Andy shot Jay okay he was involved in
the moon landing that wasn't actually on
the moon it was an Arizona or something
right he's on the grassy knoll okay so
wait for reals recommendation
multiplayer game will only be as good as
the community that plays it and so the
question you need to ask yourself is
will there be enough people playing this
game to still make it good and I don't
think the answer is really just give me
a dick well can you select who you're
going to play with like if you happen to
have a group of buddies who like games
could you just play it for that guy play
game with them either in the same room
or over the Internet can you look up
specific people you might probably can't
them play in the same room and wait
private match huh private match yeah so
if you wanted to just play with friends
then yes but most people are probably
here looking for the quick play you know
just like the hot bond with a bunch of
people who also want to hop up in a play
quitter he was fucking with me I'm not
gonna stand around while he's just
dicking around standing there it was
kind of neat that you can play with
people from all over the place I mean
that one guy definitely sounded German
fucking kill me or don't he could have
been here but there's a good chance also
that he was playing in Germany where
there might be a larger contingent of
people playing in English yes and then
so the the other widely spoken second
language the other important thing for a
multiplayer game is finding people
at your level right yeah and if there
aren't enough people playing or there's
a small dedicated community who are who
have already mastered everything and our
way above your level you're never gonna
be able to enter right yeah so will
there be enough and this was a $60 game
Richard something like that yeah or the
change the fuck I don't remember this
work expense it was right right
amazing 999 ping I got the best ping in
here exactly
still heard too many complain it does
say Dobby all right but he's got to look
strong so yeah I for for read this seems
like a really fun one night worth of
play yeah one or two but I can't imagine
it will have the community needed
I know that was one of them if you guys
wanted to be noclip documentary of
rocket league the one of the developers
of rocket league was was almost
bemoaning the fact that they gave the
game away for free and for PlayStation
Plus members yeah and he's like what we
know a lot of copies were sold to
PlayStation Plus members we could have
made a lot of money but what he doesn't
realize or maybe he does realize and is
weighing the pros and cons is they now
have a built-in forever community
because that game was free for a while
they have a huge user base which for an
online multiplayer game is the only
thing that matters nice we've been
killing it fun - that map yeah better
things to find now so oh sorry you know
what and a game tries it a little louder
than me every once in a while because
I'm I'm foolishly looking at Karen and
rich when I talk in my microphone then
is not directly in front of my mouth i
some sometimes I forget I forget that I
don't need to be polite to the people
next to me because my face needs to be
into the microphone buzzy I can go like
this and now I'm contorting my body to
both have my face in front of the
microphone pretend you're talking to us
on the phone exactly then I'd be pacing
I guys phone Pacers I pace when I talk
on the phone yeah I cannot stand still I
usually I usually have like the sound
off and I'm playing like like TriPeaks
solitaire or something
something that's mindless what he didn't
have you sent the swing but they didn't
swing it's gonna knock them down to help
that guy out of course that's what
altruism gets you rich yeah here's your
dead body rich
it sure is dead all right I'm not like
the first one out I'm not waiting around
for this water match I hurt myself today
oh man
