Episode 107
Now THAT's some fucking driving!!
July 4, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gjpa2q54AQ
___________________________________________

hey okay let's get to some tips here
anonymous says where lies the strangling
fruit that came from the hand of the
sinner I shall bring forth the seeds of
the dead to share with the worms that
gather in the dark are yeah he's smart
he's a smart Jason hanging out by the
car that go
and cephalo pathetic says rich it was an
honor and a privilege to have driven you
to safety the other day here's some
money go buy yourself a pocketknife oh
that's one of the people I was playing
with who probably thought I just ditched
them yep and so they they're they're
donating bring why I hit the swing
button
tranq him stunned oh good we got a tummy
nice aren't getting get in get in get in
here
think you have a full cartoon just right
as soon as you get it I can run for the
biggest dick yeah what we are full
enough every way f3 I'm okay with three
okay alright no that's great I'm good
this is Jason not very not very look at
you did you see that's some fucking
driving you are the world's best
backwards driver that was amazing thank
you that was amazing rich Evans you
won't see that in a horror movie now
you'll see that in a really bad horror
movie where the killer can't get anyone
good I'm so glad that was on camera
beautiful