Episode 111
Monkey Wrenching Around
July 15, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUbZTCLPI20
___________________________________________

so convenient so fucking lazy
it's not about laziness rich it's it's
about well it's about efficiency and
it's about like making sure that the
stream runs smoothly and with this
little device our stream can run more
smoothly hello everyone welcome to the
stream you will probably notice right
away that this is not Diddy Kong Racing
as promised I was packing up I was
packing up to come here and you know
head down to the basement where I have
all of my old game consoles and I pick
up the n64 and I get the the AV cable
for the n64 grab Diddy Kong Racing a few
other games of course and I start to
look around my bin and I would say where
my controllers that's really weird it's
not in my bin and I started looking
around other places around in the
basement like where would normally be
and there's no controllers and I said
well well shit maybe maybe they're still
at the studio from when we had to
decorate the the set but then I start
looking and there's no power brick
either you know like that giant yeah
yeah rectangle that plugs into the back
of the Nintendo 64 which definitely
wouldn't be here because like that
doesn't look like anything videogame II
so we don't have I have just the n64
with no power and no controllers and I
need to find them and I'm sorry that was
my I mean it was a rich had a great plan
for playing Diddy Kong Racing it's just
not gonna work that's right shit happens
shit happens shit so we've got strafe
and you don't you don't restart
constantly like me so I've strafe and I
don't restart constantly I understand
how important it is to get a good start
no it didn't I've know you you
overestimate how important it is to get
a good start because it's you know
getting health getting armor gets easier
and getting into that like every time
you restart base
Stickley your your what do you call it
when you like punish yourself your
flagellating yourself and that turns
into a negative shame spiral it's all
about getting as far as you can right so
what is your plan here tonight then
that's right well that's n that's weird
so my plan here tonight I guess I won't
really even need reload item well no no
you won't even load no when I pick up
weapons as you go right my plan is
actually pretty simple I I was a thing
that we discussed in our conversation of
strength which isn't out yet sorry is
there is no item in strafe that
drastically changes how you play it
and to us talking about strafe is a
roguelike that was a negative before
yes but then I got to thinking there is
one situation that drastically changes
how you play strafe and that is a wrench
only run okay so I'm going to be
attempting a wrench only run on
straighten you wrench this shit out of
that jack yeah you wrench this shit out
of that yep play play more Jason
probably I don't know that we're gonna
do this all night we'll probably change
it up at some point
absolutely cuz I think Friday the 13th
that's that's decent for streaming oh
yeah I was actually playing that before
Jack showed up I I got to throw
somebody's head in the fireplace that
was pretty awesome and then I killed
somebody else with a birdbath I didn't
even know you could do this that's right
so what will probably split the stream
tonight I think that is perfect oh well
then why is she
why did Jay bring me here action is Jay
mind at that pause it I don't forget
home we're gonna be for Jack it's your
mouth what you wanted to be oh wait I
use escape to the top button yeah how do
I not have that be the top button uh you
have to go and reprogram the mouse I
think has son of a bitch that's fine
okay well hold on son of a bitch rich
there that'll be action because action
is more important all right
she didn't know that you can get this
little handy dandy food yeah I know I
notice I don't sneeze shit
alright ring
all right wrench only run obviously this
gonna take me a little bit to just get
used to the controls boom
it's been a while since I played and
it's like a mouse man I love this shitty
boring robe like on Sunday yeah well
great then you are in luck my friend cuz
we got that have you been here there's
nothing in here a secret area back here
hey what's in there nothing I mean
nothing nothing's in here it's a little
secret area you have to you have to hit
this panel to open it up and there's
just nothing in here you know looks like
a monster closet right and then one
entrance just weird just weird alright
here we go here we go it feels almost
like there's a delay now we've got to
buy a second
SteelSeries rival 500 i i've been using
that mouse to play vanquish and i
fucking love that mouse i have fallen
completely in love oh yeah there we go
I'm doing great I'm doing great this
mouse is weird I'm gonna to change some
of the mouse which which mouse I have
recently bought myself a what are they
what are they steel series I think is
the company still still series its the
rival of 500
it has so many wonderful buttons those
little thumb guard buttons oh that looks
great what you can does if you don't if
you're not comfortable with that and I
don't know why you wouldn't be those
buttons are freaking awesome
mmm there's like a switch in the bottom
where you can just have that actually
just be a thumb rest yeah well you use
them as buttons like I do what it's
great bTW boo-boom anonymous says rich I
am the Stargate letter guy hi I did not
send any of the messages what messages
there's messages now what messages that
we're talking about so sorry I started
this won't bring it up again
Jack I'm not quitting smoking tomorrow
hey that's a great that's a great thing
anonymous you don't have to be sorry
about the Stargate thing there's no
there are no feelings hurt and I've I've
been able to joke around about it so I
mean really it's it's fine it's
completely fine
don't don't have any worries at all not
reading the letter has lent to amusement
absolutely oh you've brought us the gift
of comedy because now that gives us
something to talk about and something to
talk about is a valuable valuable
commodity c'mon mother day commodity
here so good on you man
nesib Tate says I know Blade Runner is a
divisive movie at rlm it's really not I
think everybody except for Jack doesn't
care for it that much so it's divisive
yeah yeah so it's divisive your opinion
doesn't matter to a lot of people that's
true you all have to admit it has an
incredible score what film has your
favorites
I don't I don't rank film scores I've
always said Ghostbusters is an
underappreciated score everybody always
thinks about the thing theme song yeah
but that that what's his name Elmer
Bernstein score it's just it's just
perfect for that spooky comedic thing
they got going on Tron Tron Legacy as a
fine score fine score
yeah Tron Legacy has a fine score
there's there's there's a lot of just
about just about any movie by oh my god
oh my god oh my god
John Carpenter there's no way that
should have taken me that long
oh yeah a good bed in the egg Lee Enrico
Mirko I don't know how you pronounce his
damn name okay so here's a really
important option by the way under
gameplay the options this right here see
this yeah
switch on pick up turn that turn that
mother fucker right off
oh you're picking up explosive things
well no it's just it's you know because
you have a plan and then all of a sudden
you walk over a weapon and your plan
changes when your weapon automatically
changes so so I turn that off Oh
Diddy Kong has been postponed due to
Jack's broken n64 number I lost Slyke
there there it's currently not a
functional state due to missing parts in
any case it's not working I I thought I
would just be simple with it I could I
could go into the story go into the
story about about you walking into the
basement and you find the controller and
you can't look for the controller and
you couldn't know no there's no power
brick or I could just say yeah the n64
is not working and we could all move on
with our lives
yes there's a gender slider in this it
changes your grunt tone oh yeah is this
is that something we'd joked about with
him when he was the gut people made this
one of the developers was it Tom Wow
yeah it was on stream with us did he say
that we're gonna do that or is that
something we're joking around about that
they use I wonder I don't know what that
dream was years ago at this point but uh
so I actually don't remember whose idea
I think I think I think they
anyway and then we that I was making
jokes about it but I'm gonna take crime
out trying to take credit for that I'm
just I remember that conversation we're
talking about the gender slider I don't
remember that I mentioned lana wachowski
and somebody got upset who I don't know
somebody somebody in chat somebody I
think might have read a comment on the
YouTube video after the fact
I don't cuz he talked about Lana yeah
why because the gender slider yeah I
could see someone getting upset about
that I don't think the right to get
upset about it but I can see them
getting upset about she's transgender
and I was referencing that fact that
wasn't saying there was anything wrong
with it but you mean no no I rich i'm
not saying you were wrong i'm saying i
could see someone getting upset people
get upset about everything exactly no
politics place this isn't politics
talking about a person Oh for cryin out
loud
you people knock that off or I'm gonna
start talking about trouble he'll do it
too he'll do it god damn it I'm just
gonna hold that over people's heads now
hey I'm just I'm talking about Trump oh
god no uh
rich rich I finally start Logan we could
say well okay let me tell you what I
think
about Hillary Clinton I wonder woman
Wonder Woman I could talk about Wonder
Woman or the Captain Underpants movie
that means there's a panel around here
somewhere humberto Cabbage Patch so hey
guys I just started watching the expense
oh yeah great sci-fi show on the Sci Fi
Channel
I like the space cop with max landis
haircut yeah what's his name he was he
was with The Punisher in one of the
Punisher movies he was in the mist
what's his name Thomas paint um Oh
what's his name
he's a good actor you like from where
from so you remember the Punisher movie
Thomas Jane Thomas Jane that's it
Thomas Shan is the actor good yeah and
he does he has a very matte eye there it
is he is a very max landis haircut I
know where there is dumb butt floss 21's
is Jack and rich what are your opinions
on the Hellboy films and Pacific Rim
I've only seen one of the Hellboy films
and I think it was terrible obviously I
didn't run out to see the sequel so yeah
you have much to say about this the
Hellboy Hannah war or Pacific Rim sure
sure I asked to say about that um help
Hellboy is one of those comment and like
have you read the Hellboy comics
uh one of them one of the volumes okay
like I think those are really fun comics
alright really striking art style
interesting subject matter it's just
it's just different and I really enjoyed
the different nough cebause it and a lot
of the movie is really good but Hellboy
was like low enough budget and still on
the trail end of the awkward years of
comic book movies where the action
sequences aren't that good because they
couldn't figure out how to film them
right so I think they were really
hindered by by their action sequences
the Hellboy movies a lot of good in them
a lot of fun a lot of weird stuff and
unbuttoned like overall I'd say like
yeah they're alright
Lorca oh wait and Pacific Rim yeah the
room is a slow movie but good overall
it's it it falls into the into every
trapping of an actual kaiju movie which
is just parts of it are too damn slow
people who don't understand this game
are saying wrench only demo that's what
I'm oh well no this is a wrench this is
a wrench run which means I can use guns
but I can't reload me in this game in
this game yeah if you don't know it's
not a lot of never let's play that sure
okay you you have one main gun that you
pick at the beginning yeah you can pick
it at the railgun or the machine gun or
the shotgun and that's your main weapon
that you upgrade throughout the game now
in addition to that main weapon again
you get to pick one of the three at the
start you pick up other weapons as you
go but they're like they're like
temporary power-ups you can't refill
their ammo you use the gun and it's gone
if you don't pick a main weapon you get
the wrench so basically a wrench one
means that his main weapon is the wrench
not that he can't pick up the other like
temporary weapons that he finds it's a
thing bitch loner Archon says here is to
two dollars of recouped AB money because
YouTube do you monetize the recent half
in the bag video the fuck's also hijack
and rich which one did you - do you
monetize and why half the bag did this
just happen I haven't heard about it
well well the Zelda ones went up today
which obviously YouTube they said half
in the bag I don't know any half of it
unless they meant free right cuz of the
Zelda stuff that might have been what
they meant I don't know nothing about no
half in the bag okay yeah this is first
I would have heard about it too
there you are
there you are shit shit once I stuck him
god damn it yeah I don't know I don't
know nothing about no no - no I don't
know anything about any half in the bags
that have had monetization issues I can
see a prereq like this el Dupree RAC
yeah oh yeah all the all the Zelda ones
like the we just put up the Twilight
Princess Stream yeah could be they could
be thinking about that that yeah that's
because that got dinged by Nintendo yeah
so yeah yeah oh yeah they're gonna be
Nintendo Oh a Nintendo gonna be a
Nintendo ex white lightnings is gonna be
visiting Milwaukee for the first time do
you find fellas know the password for
the safe house and if so would you be so
kind as to pass it to a loyal subscriber
I do know the password to the safe house
I do I know the password to this I'm not
gonna say it because honestly that's
that's a chunk of the fun right there
that's very true you could conceivably
find it out oh like you could google it
sure but yeah part of I'm a part of the
fun is that you know they make you they
make you earn it didn't the new
ownership actually put like a sign up
outside good there hey yeah oh well
nothing like the password but like the
building used to be unlabeled in the the
sign out front was like
something-something shipping company
didn't say the safe house
oh no it's the the news the news cafe or
whatever well no it was International
shipping it's something International
shipping was what the building used to
say it was yeah yeah
the safe house if you don't know it'll
probably a lot of people are very
confused right now right is a bar in
downtown Milwaukee it's a spy themed bar
and it it part of the
going there used to look for your first
time used to be actually finding the
safehouse which was kind of hidden yes
it's it's a spy bar that you actually
had to find and then you needed a
password to get in or else something or
else something but now this big sign in
front and oh there's a safehouse I know
where it is I can see the side like it
was like the entrance was hidden in an
alley it was great it was great it's
still fun place doesn't seem very good
for business they were they were a
landmark I was one of the tourist spots
oh yeah lucky and it seems like a
contradiction but it was their claim to
fame
you sons of bitches die die you damn
gluttons die
captain spicy Weiner says spicy Weiner I
see we know nice if you love the rival
500 you should check out the know how to
prime na OS nose now's Nao's I don't
even know what the rifle 500 is that's
the my mouse oh my super my super Magic
Mouse the Nao's caster same sort of
shape best mouse have ever used a little
cheaper I think - ah ok but what about
one of the things though I love about
the rival 500 and I don't know this the
same with your na OS caster is the
amount of buttons and they're they're
relatively comfortable placement it's
like I love I absolutely love the thumb
brushed buttons yeah well and you know
that's just a lot of personal preference
you know mices be personal yo
Hiten gluttons with my ring Oh captain
spicy winter fellows it up says two
extra bucks cuz you guys are cool and
it's a my own x-mas actually Mouse is
another one of their Mouse's I like some
my own expire next ah is the cheaper
version of the mouse you like my own
eggs for my onyx how do you pronounce it
that's the thing you said I am causing
quite a stench I wasn't gonna say
anything
yeah you know oh you meant me I get it I
get it
Jack have you seen the Wonder Woman's
performance I have seen the Wonder
Woman's actually oh yeah I just saw it
this afternoon
is it good here's the thing it's pretty
good huh it's one of those like
expectation games where you know alright
is this terrible because that means
they're not gonna end DC see you well it
depends on how it doesn't the box office
obviously like they could make a good
movie if no one goes to see it it
doesn't matter yeah but no it it all
depends on on Justice League
that's the important one because that's
that's the big one and that's the of
course the Zack Snyder one so
I know I know Mikey jj-just and a half
in the bag I didn't I didn't actually
see their review yet I don't know if
they liked it or not but yeah I don't
know either I've not had a chance to
talk to them but I've really enjoyed it
it's the basically the one thing that I
heard about it before going in was that
it was very similar to the early Marvel
movies the Marvel first wave which were
all fine movies but you know like a
little light and that's what it is it's
a fine movie just pretty lights it does
though here's something I can say with
confidence it has one of the greatest
action sequences I have ever seen in a
DC movie oh that doesn't mean that much
well no these are all act like these are
movies are supposed to be action movies
all of them uh-huh and and not all of
them have failed at action yeah you
don't care about any of the action in
any of these Batman vs Superman Superman
movies Suicide Squad any of that shit
there is a sequence in Wonder Woman
that is edge-of-your-seat buzz to the
wall awesome like legitimately just a
great action sequence and it is one of
those like they do it like slow burn
action they they spend a lot of time in
like micro action sequences setting up
wonder woman's power set like her
ability to block bullets with the
gauntlets and her whip and her strength
and all that funny slip huh they change
it from I know it's Alyssa or whatever
but it like all these little action
sequences none not a full action
sequence until you get to this one point
in the movie and it was awesome ok it
was genuinely like you know the crowd
went wild awesome action sequence and I
was really happy to see that because you
know that's what the superhero movies
are action movies and I love action
movies and and they did that really well
so yeah I recommend it it's a little
long and it's a little talky talk
you know there's plenty to nitpick about
Wonder Woman if you are the sort to
nitpick but overall really solid movie
all right
really solid movie and you know as we
get on like we'll do I'll do is that was
it you know as as is usually the case
you know well I'll talk more spoilery
about it after people have had a chance
to see it obviously its opening weekend
fucking guy houses wrench only run
working for him not very well not very
well at all like you know I'm still
getting used to like this mouse yeah I'm
blaming my tools you know what I I
bought that Mouse it's on me I'm I
wasn't very happy with it yeah that's
why I want to get another rifle of five
hundred for this studio I'm with you I'm
with you so yeah go see one one fun
stuff and I could understand what gal
gadot was saying all the time which you
know I know some people had a problem
with when Batman vs Superman I had a
problem with in Batman vs Superman
put a loop code codes to the stars since
hello hello y'all still signed space
composters merch site says yes but I
requested on two recent orders even
throw us some extra dollars with no luck
no hard feelings but would be great to
know thank you
oh yeah we still saw them did you are
you sure you mentioned something in your
in your PayPal I mean they're usually
pretty good about you know yep yep that
you have to request it
we don't just automatically sign them
yeah so in the PayPal fuck in the PayPal
notes section there's a you know a
little area where you can uh you know
write something specific then you have
to request and you have to request
specifically who you want to sign it as
well you know if you just say everyone
they're probably going to assume just
Jay Mike and rich so if you want like
everyone everyone then you need to
request that though they'll probably a
significant wait for Josh yes not around
that often
but you should be able you should be
able to to get that are we able to sign
the nerd crew shirts black on black why
would you want that no email contacted
red letter I have no idea I'm not sure
how well that would work we might be
able to try but if we try it it doesn't
work and just fuck up the shirt that you
can probably never wash because then the
goofy silver ink would wash right out
would be like this because you couldn't
sign that permanent marker over the show
okay good you can do whatever you want
you make a request but it might end up
might end up being a horrible idea
no I we have not had to sign any of
those shirts yet nobody is requested a
they signed nerd crew shirt very rarely
we could shirt signing request yeah it's
usually usually the other stuff here I
need a gun and your gun anonymous sons
haven't launched for a few weeks
rich is looking good don't worry you can
damn cripples and endorse Trump again
you'll still love you all right amount
of a sense just nothing I can add what
were you doing this is something we did
jokingly during a stream a while back
what I don't remember something about
something something proposed oh sure I
said something just going at the
horrible and then after I said something
horrible I said vote Trump I get it now
but none of us sense
firstly firstly firstly firstly have any
of you guys heard or seen the 1979 and
Ray Tarkovsky films stalker
no no secondly have any of you guys
played any
the stalker video games no no there no
help sorry reversal psychology says have
have either of you seen the show
American Gods but we are so helpful at
this exact moment fine I hear good
things about it you know based off of
the Neil Gaiman book that's on stars and
I don't have stars didn't you watch ash
vs. Evil Dead yeah but then ash
perceives that was over I got rid of
stars I mmm I think what you're saying
is we can't expect too many more seasons
of ash vs. Evil Dead pretty much listen
if they if they you know if they
wouldn't have fucked up that season
finale maybe I would have held on T they
did fuck up that season finale oh god
they fucked it right up Oh Jack you
didn't save one for the garbage oh you
got that gun yeah
for the what
some blue guide chat says hey guys I'm
dying up here the new Cheryl about stand
up in the 70s premieres tonight and I'm
a big fan of stand-up comedy who are
your favorite stand a favorite comedians
if any from today or back in the day
George Carlin for all time I've also
enjoyed Richard Pryor and Eddie Murphy's
comedy specials raw and delirious yes
both fine stand-up comedy specials for
me it's Steve Martin Steve Martin is is
my forever favorite do you know he's got
some kind of online class where he
teaches comedy I it's a it's a whole
website called masterclass and like it's
not just him like David Mamet has a
master class on like writing plays how
the hell are you supposed to teach
comedy rah well I think he's teaching
you the ideas behind writing okay
possibly like okay obviously he's not
going to like give you material but I
like Steve Martin but I hope that's not
some big scam because I don't know how
the hell you teach people to be creative
and funny well you teach them you're a
UT somehow you work and hopefully okay
hopefully that helps give them some
ideas hello
I got a lift in Stine I ain't got a lift
in skåne but I'm yeah I like a lot of
stand up there's a lot of good stand up
what I shot you twice in the face well
you keep shooting until they fall over
you only need to shoot them once if
you're right up in their face you Shh oh
my god you're doing this all wrong
look I'm shocked that worked out for you
it always works out for me I'm great at
loops in China okay you get right up in
there damn faces no buts about it
yeah moving is difficult King Puru says
Jack I'm Jack I've been stretching every
so often lately and was wondering if you
could make a video so I know what to do
stretch stretching yep rich could join
in and you both could wear some exercise
outfits for amusement Wow no no no I
also don't think I'm a leading expert on
stretching Anonymous's please say
something depressing to bring me down
I'm at a decent mood Trump is president
and the left is so fractured and
fighting with itself that it will be
unable to do anything about that
for the foreseeable future
that's half true after Trump is
president half half half my Facebook
feed is people yelling about Bernie
Sanders that's that's half my I don't
know what why why suddenly many moons
after the election but that's that's my
Facebook feed and it's full of that shit
you need to get off Facebook
yes I do bitch
yeah what are you gonna do Braun Adam
Sandler says so Jack it's right now that
we hate guardians to and like Wonder
Woman right
are you a DC shill now absolutely they
pay me the big money I mean it is
possible that you just like what you
like but we all know that can't be it no
no it's gotta be more sinister man right
right this is not gonna work out is it
just me a tennis run and you know more
do this stupid wrench thing oh I know I
thought this was here's here's why you
like it it's a good idea because it's an
interesting thing to do you know you try
to you try to do a a fun run you know
like a I'm doing a specific run this is
a thing that people do the the downside
the thing I did not think about was what
about fists only run gave you that yeah
you can do that yeah that'll work
that'll work great Jack that'll that'll
work great oh look at how well that's
working I haven't lost any healthy yet
great great I got this I got this that
this shit there's another shooting on
there's another shooty one it's great
this is great this is working great this
is working great this is working great
great I did the the downside the thing I
wasn't thinking about was that like I
don't have my mouse and I'm out of
practice you know like I was playing
this so much over and over again they're
just glad you're not there honestly just
glad you're not restarting there in two
seconds right I'm dying every two
seconds
anonymous sense just watched Eng the
chase before tuning in rich what are
your thoughts on retconning why all of
the different aliens are so similar it
was fine
the the all of the races in Star Trek
sure a a common ancestor everything
humanoid Oh something else yeah that was
those episode I don't I don't have any
strong thoughts on that ever ever bring
a decent episode and if you need an
explanation for why there are so many
fucking humanoids and that would be
extremely unlikely there you go there's
your excuse and if you don't like that
fact you can just ignore that that
episode exists right
right yeah I could see I could I could
see that pitch meeting now like like hey
guys isn't it funny that like like we
all know why there's all humanoid aliens
is because you know we still need actors
but isn't that kind of weird it's almost
like a it's almost like a sketch like a
joke you know which why are you sure
that would be extremely unlikely all
right how many how many animals on the
planet Earth have evolved with a
humanoid shape standing upright two arms
two legs five fingers in each hand right
big big ol head on the top two eyes nose
mouth right here that configuration it's
very it is very oh yeah we are the way
we are because of a very specific set of
evolutionary circumstances that's how
many animals have evolved with four legs
and a head that's nut all right how many
how many how many aliens sentient
species in Star Trek have four legs and
a head and walk on all fours how many
you stamp when that when that seems to
be the far more likely thing all right
bitch
because you know like what you're then
assuming well you then also assuming is
that all of these all of these aliens
also grew up on similar planets with
similar circumstances to humans as to
why we grew the way we did right and
it's just like that's the math is all
off there if you're going to assume that
evolution follows a set path yeah then
you know what you know what you know
what every freaking planet has on it
dinosaurs because not every planet had
an asteroid headed that completely
interrupted their chain of events most
planets have dinosaurs boom rich Evans
for the win you know what that is
big logic in the house done and done
right humans the small mammals that we
evolved from were were gifted this
planet after the big ones died yep by
accident motherfucker we didn't earn
this shit
we're all down there rich and go get the
dogs yep if you don't know if you're
ever in this room alone I get a better
view of this room if you're ever in the
you room this room right here bring this
you room right here yeah where
everyone's seen this you bunch of you
dickheads over here if you hit the wall
right here you need to hit the wall
first and then jump into it
oh no we're my dogs shit shit where my
dogs at from the front to back are you
feeling that matter of fact kill them
all okay where was I that's right
they're supposed to be dogs over here
hold on why couldn't I get the dogs
there we go and then you pet the dogs
and they poop out a little shield thank
you dogs oh just one shield you can't
you can't you can't abuse the dogs right
that'd be great but no you cannot can
you kill them oh that's a great question
rich let's find out box hey guys let's
kill some dogs well let's try to kill
some dogs
you cannot kill the dogs zero out of ten
do not buy okay exploit lightning says
fair enough I didn't expect the password
but it was fun hearing you guys talk
about it any spots you can recommend
while I'm in town that password was
reference to the safe house
that's right question that's where
there's where do you go in Milwaukee
there's a nice lakefront you know there
are just tons of places to go
it all depends on what you're into you
know to me like usually a place I would
recommend is a place called the vanguard
and the vanguard is a specialty sausage
restaurant they make the best sausage in
town and they have poutine and they have
delicious delicious food locally owned
there was that you know your monster
closet so that's that's the place I
usually recommend to people who are new
in town because I just think it's a
great restaurant but I mean where else
where else there's there's so many
places yes we couldn't recommend they
check out the bronze Fonz but only
ironically I don't I don't know I could
market how much money did they waste on
that alright I think it's the stupidest
stupidest thing they erected a bronze
statue of the Fonz from Happy Days from
a fictional not of Henry Winkler but of
the Fonz and it's bronze except for his
clothes which are painted I guess
technically the bronze but there he has
a painted on jacket and jeans and shirt
oh yeah but his skin is still bronze
let's get in heret eyes and did that
open there's no treasure in here I got
screwed I'm sorry
damnit my treasure rich he's got to be
loaded
nothin seats 181 happy days I read this
he took a small salary
he didn't get paid that much okay in
exchange for like a cut of syndication
he's fuckin loaded yeah he's fine he
ended up being the star of the show but
originally he was just like a side
character right
what secret weapons have we found so far
I haven't found any because I think that
we've been playing this that much
freaking freaking vanquish and Friday
the 13th yeah you've been all about
Friday the 13th
yeah I'd won that game playing a little
bit of Anchorage then you know switch it
up a little bit of Friday the 13th
that's spend my gaming routine totally
fair I found a couple secret weapons I
found a bunch of secret rooms that have
glitched on me because game still has a
lot of bugs there's footage of it in the
review of I found a secret weapon room
and I fired it once and it had it was
like a rocket launcher kind of weapon
and then I tried firing it again and
instead of firing anything it just hurt
me and so like eventually land I
couldn't just probably you probably it
probably needed time to recharge or
something funky I don't think that's it
I'm going to I'm just going to assume
that you use the weapon wrong sure sure
it's there by the way totally fair
and the the finding of the weapon rooms
is one of the dumbest things in gaming
history I still I still have not seen
any bugs bothers me how you're supposed
to find the receipt build up in the
rooms is somewhere on Icarus you walk
into a space and you see a bug and then
that bug crawls under a hidden door and
then you hit that hidden door with a
barrel and it opens up and you find the
secret weapon I I have 50 plus hours
into this game and I have never seen a
bug and I've looked no bugs no bugs for
me and it's annoying
is there a prereq episode on strafe not
yet it's coming yeah I got a little busy
it's my fault it's 100% my fault I was I
was relatively met on it yeah that's
that's the review yeah I think I was too
obviously we explained why we think it's
now in the review but ultimately yeah
yeah that's it really is it really is
kind of you know our final
recommendation I think boil down to
Steam sale wait so you can get it for
under 10 yeah you'll get some you'll get
some decent play time out of it the
roguelike elements don't work well
enough that's the real problem
yeah that's the real problem do you guys
only answer subscribers questions yep
well now you know I don't wait oh sorry
no we prioritize people who tip I let me
start and take a tips and reading tips
yeah I didn't expect we get so many I
really did not mm-hmm
but when I you know every now and then
if I see something interesting enough in
the chat I'll answer it but if you ask
me something like I don't know some
obscure British sitcom that I've never
seen I'm probably not going to address
that as a question you know I mean yeah
and you know we see a lot of the same
question over and over again and a lot
of it like we've dealt with on past
streams and so like but yeah we should
we do check the chat and if you say
something interesting well hopefully
answer your question at least attempts
to answer your question if not just in
general talk about it yeah who did
shit shit dawg like you can ask me like
how do you feel about Green Lantern I
don't give a shit about Green Lantern
and I have any thoughts at all like you
know I'm not gonna address that question
at all right cuz I don't have a good
answer for you right damn it I want to
get I want to at least get off of Icarus
that is my that is my goal with my
wrench run don't think it's gonna happen
that is my goal I honestly don't think
it's gonna happen is for that's fair
that's fair you won't feel better I want
you to do a run with my god a railgun or
something just to feel better about
yourself nope alright doing rich I can
do this I believe in me one will event
which stream happen all will happen
didn't it already happen
I've overtime they've already been like
5 different language dreams
you know I've streamed it before it was
on PC right will you say that I don't
remember we streamed it what it first
came home
I'm probably going to stream it again
sometime in the relatively near future
Oh tonight tonight I figured you know
Jack Jack had interest in playing Diddy
Kong and I we play bad tonight yeah that
didn't end up happening due to
unforeseen difficulties but in ten to 64
but at that point I didn't have my nice
new Mouse that I'm spoiled with on there
yeah and I didn't want to play Vanquish
because I don't have my nice Mouse so
you let me play with this monstrosity
you guys should know you get a set let's
do something else
you gonna said let's let's play more
Friday the 13th that's what you could
have said I could have say what I I'm
interested in playing right on the 13th
with with a mouse and keyboard yeah we
could so do that
it's a shame you can't rebind I know
that thing is already bound to wasd
right right
he got bad oh yeah but to do all the
specials and stuff then you need to tell
the mouse that some buttons are like Yi
or whatever the other commands are in
the Friday the 13th day right that's
what you need son of a bitch son of a
bitch son of a bitch son of a bitch son
of a bitch son of a bitch son of a bitch
damn it I'm gonna die and I'm gonna die
soon I'm going to die very soon I know I
know you know my big fat cat says hi
Richard Jack hello both your prereq
stuff and the half in the bag and best
of the worst with you guys and the
others have gotten me through some
really tough years of Law School just
wanted to say thanks so thanks you're
welcome thanks for watching
welcome it say you're welcome kid you
just graduated law school you know kid
they're all kids rich they're all kids
you gonna be suing me someday for
emotional distress for calling them kid
calling him kid you got me kid gotta
like to follow these motions
it's not works you filed Motel emotion
and anything that you have to give
somebody money and then anything that
you don't like they give you money for I
don't like it I'm suing you
I win automatically give me money
that's how it works the other ones who
win it's a lawyer that's the only one
who wins sometimes no staking McFly I
have never been so engrossed in a game
that I have used a piss bottle I would
stop playing the game and go to the
toilet like an adult okay that's even a
question jack
there isn't there are very few
reasonable excuses to use a piss bottle
very very few you need to take a good
long hard look at your life if you're
using if you're using pissed bottles
just just because you know like you're
into a game says rich if you haven't
heard of him a great comedian is Scott
Pruett he's quite the right doesn't
believe in global warming
humberto Cabbage Patch says I got my
first and last tattoo this weekend what
is the craziest tattoo piercing
alteration you've ever seen
Bam Bam Bigelow had like a Ted 2 in his
head what would make you think I've seen
many crazy tattoos they know you're into
it you're into the scene I know like you
used to just hang out a tattoo parlours
not you don't have any tattoos you just
you just like the scene you know it's
all like it's all about the girls for
you obviously I didn't know this guy in
person but I've seen him on like on the
Internet's pictures of him sure guy
who's had extensive modifications done
to his face because he wanted to look
like a tiger what Tiger tattoos tattooed
on his tiger stripes tattoo to his face
gonna like cat eye contacts he had his
ears clipped he had a slip split so he'd
have that kinda like lion kind of mouth
thing going on awful yeah awful
and now we can only earn money oh oh
look at this
goodbye oh the couch is the this is the
deliberate glitch room
how weird I've never run it you know
what I've never run into this you've
never run into this I've never run into
the collect room I'm ready to do it
twice no but it's delivered that look
what's on like one of them monitors
jorts what am i buying
according to the chat I guess the tiger
guy killed himself
oh how sad the blue prism says hey rich
I've value your opinion so I am asking
you if I should go and buy Dead Rising
for PC a couple months you gave me the
solid thief Gold recommendation so
thanks for that - well I love the fuck
out of Dead Rising 1 I highly recommend
that game I know it's on MPC I own it on
PC I haven't played much of the PC
version yet so I don't know if it's I
can't tell you about the quality of the
port ok there's been other things on my
plate and then I never got around
actually playing it goodbye it just so I
could have it there bitch it's there for
the future that's fair rich well I love
that game
dr1 port is basically flawless so it's
some person in the chat is saying so
okay great great Sean says I spent a lot
of time watching Babylon 5 as a kid I
always liked the non humanoid aliens
it was great within the budget and
technological limitations of the time
yeah
takes effort to actually make an alien
look like an alien right just to not put
a mask on the unit
that's that takes time that takes money
takes forethought it's really you you
are that person who said that rising was
a good Ford I'm sorry I didn't read your
name aloud you should be for from for
Christ's sake he got the point across
didn't he
listen all my secret rooms rich I'm
sorry
Brown Adam Sandler's Jack you said you
finally saw Logan I did see Logan if
this was not a joke please discuss also
rich it could be possible that something
in a humanoid form like forceful thumbs
for example is e2 intelligence could be
but we only have an example of one
intelligent species I mean and we're
pretty good intelligent species we are
the only species we know of that like
has technology and shit so words it's a
very low sample size okay you can't draw
any solid conclusions right one is not a
pattern that's that's a that's something
to keep in mind Logan Logan 8 so okay
this this kind of ties back to Wonder
Woman the expectation game check check
get back to me when an octopus builds
like a suit they could walk out and to
land with then get back to me on that
no the monkeys use sticks to catch
termites checkmate
atheists Logan yeah expectation games
Wonder Woman here Logan's fine the
Logan's fine movie wonderfully violent
it's that's a great phrase wonderfully
fine I like hearing that you know it's
it's the first time you actually get to
see Wolverine do his Wolverine thing
which is great I was expecting something
a bit deeper than what I got it was it
was very
I don't know I don't know I'm trying to
think of the best way to describe it
where it's just like I was kind of left
who I was kind of left with is that it
and after watching it was good like it
was good don't get I'm not saying it's
bad I'm just I was a guess I was
expecting a little bit of a deeper
experience than the movie offered I was
looking for some some I thought I was
looking for a better movie I'll be
honest then what I got but it's not bad
it's not a bad movie it's just we talked
about Logan Logan yeah okay but but it's
so tying it in with Wonder Woman and the
expectation game right we're like you go
into Wonder Woman and you go they have
set the bar so low as long as there's no
boom in the boom mic in the shot it's a
fine movie right I went in with super
low expectations for Wonder Woman and it
was like oh yeah it's fine movie Logan
everyone was talking it up everyone was
super hyping it up there's oh this is
the greatest comic book movie ever this
is the hugest is fine it's fine why do I
I thought it would be deeper because of
the you know the themes in the Oh
passing it on and everyone's old and
angry and depressed and I'd heard such
amazing things as I was I was hoping for
something a little bit more than you
know what we got
it's which is a fine movie it's a fine
movie it's a good movie and again just
some of the some great action sequences
and great violence but okay so you know
don't going back though the whole
evolution thing oh sure no opposable
thumbs and whatnot evolving intelligence
have you ever heard the Fermi paradox
you talk about the Fermi paradox before
you saw it coming related to like the
Drake Equation and
these these smart people who scientists
were standing around there talking about
you know like intelligent life on other
planets
yeah and just doing the math like the
universe is like study the galaxy
somebody you know billions of years old
even with slower than light travel and
there's there should be like intelligent
life colonized all over the damn galaxy
right it's it's weird that we have not
run across signs of intelligent life out
there and the Fermi paradox is well you
know if if intelligent civilization
should be all throughout the galaxy
white why hasn't why haven't they
stumbled across words why why why
right and one of the answers is like the
idea of this like great barrier to
getting AG lactic civilization it could
be that most civilizations you know
destroy themselves with nuclear fire or
another possibility is that just
intelligent species that evolving is
like an exceptionally rare thing hmm and
that's the case we're already ahead of
the curve that whole galaxy doubt there
Jack it could be just ripe for our
picking it could be well please have to
go out there is it like you know of
course it's endless possibilities one of
the possibilities is that there is the
civilization out there and they choose
not to talk to us there's a lot of
possibilities great barrier great filter
might be called the great filter oh I
forgetting the name wrong the great
barrier yeah that's from Star Trek the
great fills the great filter that sounds
collects yeah there's no second number
like it could be the life itself is very
well not just intelligent like hardly
any planets good life that's sure that's
possible yeah there's a lot of
possibilities and you know like my
favorite thing about it is it's so it's
so philosophical in a scientific
community where they're like well you
know like if we do the numbers the
numbers say that it should be but it's
like those numbers don't
anything because as we know life is
incredibly randomized you know and us
being here us being the dominant species
on the planet the planet being here is
all is all random dead dead one is a
dead run but I'm not gonna restart rich
I'm not gonna restart because I'm gonna
I'm gonna be better so in other words
you're wasting your time pretty much
plays a glory blaze of gory glory I saw
I saw someone in the chat
I saw someone the chap who was
mentioning getting back to Logan talk
Logan being what's all about life in the
universe what talk about a movie talk
about some stupid x-man movie I waited
for a long enough pause where I figured
you were done if you would like to go on
to talking about your space and stuff
I'm teasing just how these grand
philosophical ideas uh-huh we're gonna
talk about the claw man who slices the
people I go man we're gonna talk about a
fake claw man who is now fake older
someone in the chat was saying that fake
claw man who is now a fake older that
movie was just as bad as the fake flying
man and fake crime fighter which
couldn't be further from the truth
like no Logan was a competent movie like
it was it was a little simplistic but at
least it was competent you knew why
everyone was doing the things they were
doing you had a basic understanding of
the universe it was nowhere near as bad
as batman vs superman so whoever said
that get it get on out of here that's
crazy talk that is absolute crazy talk
man
I was just you know the trailer had me
believing that Logan was going to be a
and and you know because it does deal
with themes of aging and maturing and I
was just hoping for a little more in
depth of a movie like oh you know maybe
maybe we're gonna dissect what it takes
to be a hero or or we're going to you
know like have a have a movie about like
family now that he's getting older and
has no family of his own it's like no no
no just claw man slashes which by the
way was great like the fighting
sequences were great especially with
x-23 that little girl or her stunt
double or her CG stunt double they had
some great action sequences in logo hash
tag fart bag think she watched Wolverine
Origins by mistake I've seen Wolverine
Origins know and obviously it's not the
clusterfuck that is Wolverine Origins
and you know not bad it's not a be cool
please remember me saying that it's not
a bad movie it's it was just kind of it
was simple it was a very simple movie
and I was expecting something a little
deeper
like especially if if you are a fan of
x-men and if you've read a lot of
Wolverine books it just doesn't it
doesn't have a lot that you haven't seen
already and I kept like they kept on
setting up what I thought worked or
going to turn into like interesting
existential crises and it turns out they
weren't or like you get to though you
get to a point where you think why
aren't you dead I hit you you get to
your point where you think that the the
hero is going to have his arc his
character arc he doesn't he's just he's
the same throughout the whole movie like
no no character arc for Logan which is
acceptable maybe there was a character
arc for other people but expectations is
is the is the theme and because I was
expecting more I was disappointed candy
for crows in the chat is sang rich a few
moons are so intelligent yeah why do we
actively destroy the planet we live on
yeah not all humans are intelligent hey
I'll tell you why yeah I'll tell you
exactly why okay because we only live
for about 80 years give or take and it
becomes incredibly hard to care about
something that's going to happen 200
years from now when you're worried about
making a life for yourself and I need to
make money ya gotta be rich and you know
give a fuck about those future
generations
that's why yeah well and I think it's
even beyond that we're you know let's
say you want to buy something that's
fairly expensive right let's say you
want to buy a house or a car mmm this is
gonna be a bit of a labored metaphor but
I swear to you I will bring it around
you want to buy something relatively
expensive like a house or a car so you
start taking all of your money and
saving it right and you you even save to
the point where you
are like maybe going hungry because
you're not using that money for food now
you're using it to save for later and
that's that's my analogy for people who
sacrifice the planet for profits now
where you know like hey there are jobs
in factories that pollute the planet but
those people need those jobs though
there's other jobs too and so like you
have to balance spending a little money
to live now versus saving money for the
future
that was a labored metaphor here's the
thing though if you're the business that
can make a lot of money burning coal
yeah what do you care about saving for
later if you're not going to be alive
when later Congress what do you what do
you give a shit well you know hope
that's where that's where hopefully you
have some family that you give a shit
about or you want the company to prosper
later on or you know something you know
we need we need some sort of incentive
for the future that's why you know like
things like cap and trade I think I
think we're are a good idea where you
know the the there were government
benefits given to you as a corporation
if you met certain green requirements or
there were penalties if you didn't meet
those you know like these kind of things
can be very helpful in protecting future
generations but my job's rich ajob
McCole jobs which by the way like I
don't want to live Jack well that's the
thing I and I don't I know that came off
snarky and I don't want to trivialize
trivialize people's jobs because they
know that's important and for some
people that's all they know but I sure
like having a planet
what son of a bitch oh yeah there's a
short sightedness I know there there are
ah was it a sent us the senator or
congressman or a governor recently said
we didn't have to worry about climate
change because God will take care of
that for us we don't need to worry about
it what was the what was that wasn't a
governor or mayor there their solution
to like the booming crime problem yeah
was that everybody needs to pray right
right right
yes uh how do you how do you like do
absolutely nothing to correct a problem
yet not suffer the guilts for having
done nothing that's the magical it's
called prayer it's don't trick wait you
mean I don't have to do anything
but I don't have to feel bad about not
doing anything either well and this does
it takes time it takes time there's you
know I'd like to think we're moving in a
better direction sometimes it's easier
to think that than all the times
it's gonna be fine it's gonna be fine or
we're gonna be dead you know either way
it nice either way
then we don't have to worry about it if
it's fine or for dead oh shit it's right
there
anonymous says hello Richard Jack
anonymous are there any drive-in movie
theaters in the Milwaukee area heavy and
either of you been to one in this area
no I don't think so there used to be
there well before you moved up here
there we used to have a drive-in theater
there's one anothers one by oh I don't
know if they're still there there used
to be one by the Dells yeah so I saw
Wally we we used to have a really
kick-ass drive-in theater kind of in on
the south side of the city and I've seen
many many a drive-in movie oh fuck fuck
fuck took a break took a break and a
little things got me big I've seen many
many a drive-in movie at that drive-in
theater in fact back in the day do you
remember the movie City of Angels with
Nicolas Cage and yeah Ryan here's here's
the downside one where he was an angel
I'm like a black trenchcoat
right right Oh God and he fell in love
with meg Ryan yeah so then he became
human because he loved her knee like
died like instantly he died like that
day he didn't die that's right that's
right she died she died after he became
human like she died the very next day or
something but so spoiler alert for City
of Angels Oh
but so that was a huge movie at the time
it came out right that was a big deal
movie and at the drive-in I was watching
my movie that was not that movie I go to
the concession stand to get some popcorn
and I see that scene on the giant
screens like well fuck now I know how it
ends Oh like I watch it you know like
his driving
you know there's a big screen so it's
like I just see meg Ryan dies like oh
well now I know how now I know the big
twist to City of Angels not like I just
really cared about seeing it but you
know
I could have I could have seen it alert
noop says that's the chancel scream
another fabulous old-timey seer a third
game in the near future very high there
you go
novices Jack and Rich just curious what
are your thoughts on pirating things
from dead people now like they'll ever
get me money I give your hard-earned
cash to some soulless corporation Thanks
this is a question for Jack pirate I
don't even under it like I don't even
understand the hypothetical situation
we're in here I'll be honest with you
just like Jeff said hardline I'm a heart
I'm a hardline anti-piracy but I know
I'm leaving I'm leaving
I don't but like I said I don't even
understand the hypothetical just say
mindful about who you might be hurting
and and who deserves the money for their
hard work this those are the things you
should keep in mind if you're going to
delve into those those murky waters yes
well you know remember it might we
talked about this the other day about
like ad blocking on YouTube right and
the thing to keep in mind when ad
blocking on YouTube it doesn't only hurt
the creators on YouTube it actually
hurts YouTube which is an amazing
platform that a ton of people use for
easy access to distribute their own
products and so you might not end up
hurting the creator you might end up
hurting the distribution network that
that creator uses and so for piracy even
if it's from dead someone it could have
unintended consequences
sub claiming things that aren't politics
or political discussions piracy yep
I really don't think that's a political
discussion that's really not a political
discussion and we've talked about some
things mildly political to the hitch
that ain't one of them
food of the gods goddesses opinions on
the upcoming Blade Runner movie I know
it has a good chance of being better
than the first one which is definitively
boring shut up it's fine I'm not
thrilled by that that trailer
performance from Ryan Gosling I'm saying
that they played the trailer before
Wonder Woman and all I could see was
your face and you know I genuinely like
the original Blade Runner and I'm
looking forward to the sequel but now
all I see is your dumb face whenever I
see Ryan Gosling so congratulations rich
you ruined Ryan Gosling for me notices
anonymous says hey rich recognized
weasel wants you to say king of space
and I don't want all these people
thinking you won't answer their
questions so there you go weasel king of
space okay there you go
a pretty strange request but you know I
guess we've had stranger that's kind of
common I see in the chat and I don't
respond to because it's just too dumb
right a conversation somebody wants to
the same thing yeah yeah I don't you
know something I don't know that we've
talked about on stream yet but that has
been made official on Twitter and I know
you're not on Twitter yep but did
everyone know that rich is doing a voice
for admin McMillan's new game that
official that's official he's made he's
made an official statement rich is doing
a voice he's gonna take it back let's
see he he gets a new actor after he gets
the material no he's very excited I
never like counting my chickens before
they've hatched he's very excited we had
a little back and forth on Twitter today
because he is going to release the game
on the switch
and he's worried about amateur rating on
the switch so he was considering whether
or not to bleep all of the cuss words to
get a not amateur rating for the switch
and and I probably should on the switch
that's that's what he's in for you know
P so PC will be uncensored and switch
will have the bleeps and and he said
he's gonna add unnecessary like pixel
here's the thing do I need to do a
different version of the trailer then
just for the switch no no he'll bleep it
yeah that's an C I told them that I
think the believes could be funny cuz
like in the for the trailer at least
hear every other word is gonna begin
I said go full bleep cuz that's funny
it's pretty exciting oh and we we have
keys to the game we can play it now by
the way have you felt behind me
sometimes is this game sometimes rich
sometimes shouldn't say that all
expected to be streamed which I'm
assuming is definitely a no-no oh yeah
we can't snap it doesn't even ever
released it yet but we can play it I
don't know what I should say I don't
think he said what the name right I'm
not saying anything else because I don't
know I don't know what he's cool with
right right we can say that rich is
doing the voice for his new game
obviously we know a little bit about the
game we haven't played it yet huh but uh
we know a little bit about the game
didn't you sign an NDA no because I'm
cool man
keep my mouth shut
ain't no snitch you know way way back in
the day yeah before Mike had done the
episode 3 review yeah everyone wanted to
know when the episode 3 review was gonna
be yeah Mike started working out up OK
I almost just let it slip like in the
forums like Mike's working he's booked
he's finally set to work on it he's
gonna study started work on like I said
no you know what maybe I shouldn't do
that like a day later he said you know
what something else caught my interest I
wanted to Star Trek movie next they said
we're gonna start Trek 2009 instead I am
so glad I did not just start yakking my
mouth everywhere about about Mike
working on my second episode 3 he's
finally doing it Lizzie we're getting
that plinking episode through know what
ash of my flips so far down my throat
yep well then that's why I like you know
obviously I waited until until Edmond
made the announcement but just thought
it was interesting it's been it's been
an interesting work experience for us
I'm the audio engineer on this project
so I just get to listen to rich yell for
hours on end trying to find the perfect
yell so far we haven't hit it we haven't
hit it hey what does this button do oh
oh it turns off the game it's probably a
good idea alright where these freakin
toaster since fracking - are you done
yeah we're going to Friday Friday I'm
not in the right environment I'm not
feeling it rich that's not feeling it
you try to do something very very
difficult I wasn't in the mood and I
kind of it's a good game I'm not gonna
turn the air down I'm getting freezing
okay hey rich you do you man you do
alright I'm gonna read this if does the
rest but Aquaman and I don't give a shit
ok Aquaman ranking toaster says now that
we know jack is a DC show absolutely and
all you guys want to do is talk about
comic book characters yep what do you
think about Aquaman god water I'm gonna
go just the air you can handle that what
a goddamn boring care I don't give a
shit about someone who can swim that's
you know Jesus Christ who cares about
Aquaman he was a joke remember remember
the what was the television show about
the the assholes in Hollywood he can
talk to fish right what was that show
Entourage Thank You Entourage that was
the running gag was you know the big
James Cameron movie Aquaman and the
reason it was a running gag was because
no one should make a fucking Aquaman
movie and and they're going this whole
like hyper serious Aquaman's a hard
drinker route and it's just it's a
rolling it's a rolling cringe where am I
going here we go
it's it's dumb
it's um the Justice League trailer also
played before Wonder Woman and you know
you get to get to see if that Butte
again and you know Aquaman is just he
just looks idiotic jack is dumb also
very possible I I don't I don't get it
with the Aquaman thing I don't
understand it
I just don't I just don't get it and of
course you know anything
