Episode 112
Jason Wrenching Around
July 16, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfaSllC4ZUY
___________________________________________

that's fine that's fine where is it
going oh yeah you know what's a good you
know what was a good version of Aquaman
is Batman The Brave and the bold they
had a really fun campy Aquaman oh my god
Wow yeah we got voice chase let's just
let's just mute em well hopefully
they'll settle down but Batman brief in
the bold Aquaman he was big and campy
and he was kind of like the old school
like adventure like ha ha let's go fight
crime and that worked because Aquaman is
such a ridiculous character that you can
just take it to a ridiculous extreme
super serious there we go there we go
nothing can be for nothing can be fun
though yeah that's that's the problem
you see that's the exact problem with
the Justice League movies is they can't
be fun and their idea of fun is very
different than what fun is
a few of us yeah you should let me live
I'm nice to you okay
I'm trying mouse and keyboard controls
at least you get to watch cool that
that's his bad timing
ooh
oh she walks really slow but it runs
really fast
this is a weird character to be I get it
his character walks so slow rich huh
well I want to walk become huh yeah but
that that costs that you know then he's
more likely to see me right just don't
let it don't let it dip down to low
before you recharge if you're not being
chased right no saying it was Aquaman
yeah
I really like the Aquaman from Batman
braving the bold you know I really I
walked away because I hoped he would be
done talking about Aquaman I was done
but I brought it up again cuz I thought
to myself hey you've seen Batman like Oh
cuz I already have a map
oh hello gas cam
oh hello radio so I don't know if
they've done something to tweak the
matchmaking or whatnot yeah a lot of
times I played of Jason if like tripled
hmm it was twice in a row once interest
like the last day and a half
okay matched rats don't go in the door
never go in the door which what is your
opinion until dawn why is this something
I would play that I would even be
familiar with it you guys know rich
right rate that is the thing about
random rich I know I'm saying is though
is it random or have they tweaked
something cuz it seemed like it happened
fairly suddenly was hardly ever was
hardly ever Jason and then there was
like a amount of time there I was like
is like every other game practically
mmm-hmm interesting I mean you know they
could have tweaked it is it Emma I'm up
I'm over here who there's a car up there
I guess that's where we're heading don't
forget to communication is so fucking
important
it's so fucking important yeah about
walkie talkie know
I think ice has some people by the car
though
so long before this game becomes as dead
as rocket League rocket leagues not dead
it's raggedly even close to that no okay
I'll be sad when rocket league dies
that's why I tried not to get into
multiplayer games in the first place
right but this I've kind of known since
I started playing it that this is gonna
be a temporary thing I'm gonna get this
we got a funny Jason got a funny Jason
here we got we got ourselves a funny
Jason great well well there we go that
was an attempt at humor the car had a
battery in it too I should have known
are you gonna hang around huh are you
gonna hang around just watching people
I'm just curious
looks like there's only two left after
this game ends and he can hear you yeah
say you you you you murdered those
counselors like you murdered comedy can
he hear us someone we're dead no no yep
or is it you murdered comedy like you
murdered those counselors yep
do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do did it lead
to breaking out that door honeybee - Oh
23 tsa's hello first ever tip making use
of two great British pounds
by the way rich did you ever read
berserk so great a story of human misery
ever told dependent we played that
berserk game yeah yeah that's closest
I've come yeah that's basically it
no you know which isn't really a manga
type of person
that Jason was that Jason or Jason go
dude dude it
what's he doing Oh pocketknife
are you doing oh he's gonna try to take
a bit of water are you free tomorrow
maybe you feel like doing a stream with
my sister tomorrow night yeah god this
guy's a fucking bad you yeah and check
that old calendar right there I might
not be free until later
how later later like seven okay okay
like I won't be free until after seven
it looks like but I don't know yeah yes
free streams two times the Evanses hey
hey Jason you you killed those
counselors as well as you killed Comedy
and the sick burn no thanks to mr.
Richard Evans
sick burn they're rich you got all the
sick burns
dude that's start the match with a
baseball bat in hand Mele damage is also
increased by 12%
that was uncalled for dari I don't let
me talk to people very much
yeah and just mute that guy right away
that's the great thing about I wouldn't
worry about him he has autism muting
people it's really easy to do just gonna
mute everyone know that seemed that
seemed over the top enough where I don't
believe that was a that was a real thing
generally people who have that sort of
language afflictions do their best to
hide it not for playing it to the world
okay
high chance of stream tomorrow high
chance high chance whoa unless she
decide she doesn't want to it like last
minute if you get shy about it
that's I mean you know tell her that
might be the smart call
like oh that could be the smart call no
offence chat but sometimes you ain't the
nicest to new people hello pocket knife
nice gasoline that's great
okay sounds piped in there already
all right okay yeah yeah it's a series
of texts going on it's fairly important
shit is going down shockingly also
business-related Oh Oh cuz she's gonna
stream sure crunch Evans says yeah I'll
have to get her to sign a waiver any
emotional distress received while in the
previously recorded stream is not there
should be there should be some you know
what's almost bound to come up what
religion you know you know you know
something is your Mormon this is my
Mormon sister this is no just your
Mormon that's what they're called you
know you don't you don't hear an
interesting fact yeah I've never been a
preachy atheist who goes around I am a
Nathan everyone's I've never done that
okay she has no idea oh no she has no
idea this is a conversation you well she
if she knows me if she pays any kind of
attention to my personality yeah she
probably won't be shocked or she might
say yeah but this is not like a talk
we've ever had this might be a talk you
want to have before now it'll be great
yeah you're you're a lot you are a lot
more you're a lot braver than I would be
in this situation I wouldn't want to
have that you know keep keep the secret
here's the thing it's not a secret it's
honestly just never come up
map uh you know man
that's fine that's fine oh I had a knife
before I want that yeah Shady's got
better range machete you've got better
range all right did I get I'm part of
got in a room before I finish reading I
said I remember reading the name I don't
know reading the tip wrench Evans's hey
jerk and rich have you guys ever played
the indie game snowflakes chance one of
the item pick up sounds bit of one of
the item pick up sounds definitely has a
faint sample of rich Evan saying oh my
god
layered into it hmm I've never heard of
this neither have I
Justin voices hey everybody hi Justin
I'm a stupid moron with an ugly face and
a big butt and my butt smells and I like
to kiss my own bud I get it Simpson
reference for the wind I get the
reference I get it
good job you did it anonymous says hello
wreckers I remain anonymous but I feel I
speak for everybody in the chat we
demand more
XCOM XCOM should be played 24/7 more
specifically richest current run just
speaking for the group sure yeah you you
you kind of abandoned you
I haven't a ban that it just hasn't come
up yet there's a long-term thing Ozzy
Baxter says evening pricks been catching
up on old streams so far our hotdogs
sandwiches
Mass Effect is dead Jack more pirate no
fucking Final Fantasy Trek over Wars
rich hates everything etc lol peace
those are the things those are the
things all the talking points
those are all the talking points okay
those are the things which are the
things that other things this is the
house with the police
you need the fuse box well yeah well I
got the fuse box I need a fuse I mean I
mean yeah the few he need the fuse okay
well Jeff a radio I have a map you don't
have a radio that I don't have rigged up
how come okay I'm over here you need a
radio then you can tell somebody that
it's in the one of the boat houses right
it's at the North boathouse take a look
at your map real quick for you walk away
the West
there are more maps yeah I was like 3 2
or 3 the fuse is always near the phone
house I don't know that that's true
I found the fuse and I was nowhere near
the phone house it might be a
probability then it spawns close I need
a walkie-talkie up in here we need some
work we need some more motherfucking
teamwork oh hello everybody I found the
fuse box and the phone it's in the the
West boathouse West boathouse
we need a fuse
it's no reply either nobody else has one
somebody else needs the walkie-talkie
for them to hear you right or they have
one and they just don't have chat which
makes it of limited use if they don't
have a mic say again breaker breaker dr.
Harry Lime says do you chaps have any
thoughts on logan Noir is it any
different to just turning my TV to
monochrome listen a gimmick or is it
worthwhile in any way
what's a gimmick version of the movie
and black hole is a version of moving
back away and even the director has said
he does the director doesn't understand
why people want this
fury road did it never supposed to be
out it's all art man it's all art all
right where's this plate there's someone
over here anonymous says alien
civilizations encrypt their broadcast
like we've done as we've advanced then
their signals on hey have you seen a
fuse
Captain Picard okay
you guys are free to do what you want
he's over here monitoring me
yeah boathouse the West most boathouse
has the fuse box and the phone I'm
looking for a fuse which cars the four
car or the foreperson the one on the
left or the one on the right in here
Madison's failing civilizations encrypt
their progress like we've done is
wordlist driven asked then their signals
look like static to us they're likely to
far ahead for us to perceive contact
maybe there's no one definite answer to
the Fermi paradox there a number of
postulations oh that's a nice word thank
you thank you postulations
none of us as humans aren't uniquely
destructive all life consumes its
environments resources from bacteria to
grazing animals until scarce resources
limit the population humans are merely
approaching a limit here's here's the
problem animals utilize the environment
and until they've run out of food we're
we're not we're actively changing the
environment and that's not hope seafood
can grow back once once the animals have
died off due to starvation and then the
population can rebound yeah if you if
you get the planet to a point where you
can't grow any more food then you're
fucked
oh-oh-oh there's a room in the car
follow the car he's gonna try and stop
that car you might you might be able to
sneak in run to the car run to the car
they stopping for you run run right rich
I ran out of stamina
get it get him
hopefully you have a good driver
I have a flare gun I might be able to
distract him if he catches up to us
he does that wait until he stops the car
then shoot him right nice job
thanks for waiting for me oh look at how
sad Jason Jason is just looking
longingly out Jason is just looking
longingly at where the car left it's
kind of sad
also in case you didn't hear me before
thanks for waiting for me wasn't rolling
where players are actively helping Jason
and and that's a part of online gaming
people be trolling this is a good game
they it does that thing where it
recreates the feeling of the movies
really well yeah you get into those
situations at this point yeah the real
net voices check would you love to hear
a quick chitchat on the film Field of
Dreams rock on boys
I have known strong thoughts on Field of
Dreams rich do you have any strong
thoughts on stupid dreams my strong
cause it's a quality film I have no
strong thoughts on Field of Dreams and
I'm very sorry I'm very sorry everyone
you go you want this if you want to
control it oh I didn't mind
I didn't mind a mouse and keyboard shut
up what your binds are like or anything
that's especially like when I had that
flare gun just aiming with mouse oh of
course
right exactly but it wasn't it wasn't
the worst setup I would love to be able
to rebind some shit so I could use my
nunchuck because there aren't that many
buttons you know sprint button activates
stuff button
nice shoes oh thank these are these guys
are on their way out these are a couple
Jason was the guy that was muted in the
jerk good then I'm glad we got away I'm
double glad we got away hell even find a
different dude we do hey dude too much
like oh you can't handle you can't
handle this paleness you know that's
people switched out I'll probably find
probably because of that person
yeah if you all can't handle me at my
pay list you don't deserve me at my tan
just nice gams I'm not gonna shave my
legs settle down settle down if I end up
is Jason do you want to take over no you
can do it I want to I want a break
Huff hard it's a good evening rich how
was your day today it's alright it's
alright you found a really amazing prop
yeah but I have not forget to say
there's no way to mount it onto the lazy
susan I bought a lazy susan and there's
no holes for mounting
he was in Jason's dick Ryder laughs nice
interesting well you will find a
solution you you are pretty good at
finding a solution when none seem
obvious but it's a heck of a prop that
you found today Jack do you prefer cake
or pie cake actually you know what I
don't really like either I'm not a big
cake person so maybe maybe not a pie but
like it more of a crumble how do you
feel about crumble like apple crumble
where it's kind of like a pie but
there's more flaky bits inside I don't
think I've had an apple crumble it's
delicious it's like a pie but like it
with more pie stuff and less fillings
it's partially chewed up pie it's like
partially chewed up pie with more pie
stone that's always been my problem I is
like I've never I don't care for like
fruit fillings I don't care about pie
yeah yeah I know technically cheesecake
is a pie so then I'd have to say pie my
hot dogs are a sandwich hot dogs are
definitely a sandwich cheesecake is
technically a pie and it's delicious I
love cheesecake Jack I don't really like
that much Packard that's not true I like
a lot of things
I'm sassages is that you Jason
and possibly yes it is nice
oh I turned to by the way and doesn't
matter for this room but I turned to
push the talk okay so if you want it now
that won't matter for this right pi is
greater than cake I could see that like
I like you know when when when we talk
desserts I would probably choose a cake
just because a cake he kind of know what
you're getting a cake is a is a
guaranteed gonna be at least okay
whereas pie can go any which direction
you got yeah you were playing this when
I first got here what's your Stratton
the windows that's you're mad they take
damage when they walk out it's always
good to break a window okay and you
can't bust up the car I believe if
they're in the house it helps raise
their fear okay Oh laying a trap you're
laying a trap by the gas of the car nice
these are some these are some little we
hope someone's in that house rich okay
you know what we have more important
things to do to start off we're gonna
make this car the four person car very
hard to run away one you just laid three
traps by three true that's how important
I think it is okay more important gotta
get that phone phone phone takes
precedence you get to live for now
someone calling yeah
well no they will try it at some point
sure already in the damn house oh did
they repair it did it repair it I think
I do
Oh actually I don't know if that was him
when their name pop up if they were
diving I don't know
yeah rich Richards got a lot of a lot of
strats to this game finish breaking it
down just in case they jump back in
that's fair that's fair rich oh thank
you hack botton for the for the exact
young message Thank You hack pot let's
see here of the Oh half hearted one
veins by saying thanks for hanging out
with each other while strangers stare at
you hey thanks you guys for watching
well we're we're first things first I
like that I like the taunting what
that's got a good knockdown apparently
this chicks a badass where'd she go
where'd she go she stole the house
oh she tried to she tried to Juke yeah
oh no there's a what well I'll be car
trap mm-hmm run no I didn't want to do
that get out of there the trolls did
that its own
I do love his little his little jog
oh he's in there rich what you can't do
anything from in there oh she's in there
too
just jumped out the window sounds like
she's about to nope
she's wounded she'll be is your prey oh
they got you with the mad strats put the
trap by the door
oh man rich don't have a pocket knife
this time do you I don't have my my
different kill setup that's
disappointing yeah rich is super into
Travis
working on that book see your organ on
that boat I hate without the mouse yeah
I know I know without the mouse I guess
it's like it's so weird to me that they
don't let you rebind worm now no what's
he doing he's just taking me around the
take me around the Vic mcdabble you can
around a salmon soon really sure sure no
I think it's gonna be all right
Wow you fucked up kid
you fucked up yep he thought his
firecrackers could save him
your firecrackers can't do shit son oh
right in the vagina
nice PAP 78 says a few weeks ago you
mentioned your favorite sitcoms and he
thoughts on wings did you know it was
also a spin-off of tears and Frasier
really I did not know that I wasn't a
huge cheers person but I've seen wings
Tony Shalhoub wasn't that like that Tony
Shalhoub
oh hello big group of teenagers what do
you buy the car what are you guys buy
the car that's silly oh oh it's like
your birthday that battery probably out
the back but oh yeah I mean tear down
tear it down why again Oh
settle down right Oh where's Nova the
battery priorities man prayer right no
hey that's fine you do hey you you got
the mad strats in this you have way more
time in it than I do
let's see here sir Onion Knight says
hello guys favorite game based on a
movie I really liked the Riddick game
and had fun with the Mad Max also
Plunket asking Jay out on a on a date
was it genuinely his sweet moment
favorite game based off of a movie crazy
favorite game based off of a movie the
nun immediately jump to my attention so
I'm just gonna say Street Fighter the
movie game Street Fighter the game the
movie Oh spider-man two better one
better one don't let them where is she
with that battery by the other car
hello hello there oh nice dodging the
noodle did you see this yep that was a
great dodge
congratulations guy this Jason he's got
a he's got a trot but he's weak too
getting stunned okay I'll take the trot
over the stun weakness oh wait what am i
doing no you have rage mode yeah I can
just do that I need I don't need to chop
shit down oh wait what am i doing this
game feels too methodical when everyone
knows what they're doing well
that's any multiplayer game that's
actually what you're hoping for because
then you have a real challenge
nice rich nice job right out of evil
that into an axe swing kudos man kudos
Jeff traps watch out for traps no traps
yeah you keep running
first of all nice serpentine-like that's
that's the hope with any of these
multiplayer games is man is the most
dangerous game and so if everyone knows
what they're doing everyone has their
strategy that's when you can have some
super fun focus on one time one time I
see a fireplace fireplace kill hey buddy
fine pocketknife he doesn't have anymore
rich
speak the truth man where do you go
Arius you couldn't stay by the fireplace
man he doesn't want you to get the
points right in the vagina perfect oh no
what
you killed everyone Oh someone got away
up here someone probably oh trap kill I
did get one trap kill they get away or
do they just quit if it says five out of
six out of soon they got away we'll see
what it says perk new vagina Hector what
the damn game that sucked
what someone left fire should be it
should be eight players yeah five out of
six
oh yeah well tally a boat probably the
boat a bow that's right that's right
is there any disadvantage to just
hacking people to death like hitting
them with your axe versus grabbing up
well outside of the fun of grabbing them
yeah no I think do you get more
experience you get more points for
grabbing them you get the fun kills by
grabbing them right that's where you get
the context-sensitive if you're next to
the birdbath you impale them on the
birdbath but I knew there was a finding
he was the last one I saw would have
dragged his ass back to the fireplace
yeah and you get more points
let's see here huh farted says Jack are
you going to take your kids to watch
Captain Underpants my little girls loved
the books and I look forward to seeing
her discover for the first time when
movies never do books justice actually
we did we went to see that this was a
big movie weekend for me it's a Logan
I saw the Captain Underpants movie I saw
a Wonder Woman um kick my last kill pick
your last kill let's see what you got
here one that doesn't have a red
checkmark on it
backbreaker classic breaking a leg jason
is a big fan of Jaws heart punch do you
take their head off and then no no head
crush had a lot of had a lot of heads
yeah
Oh head rip okay body slam no you know
what body slam I just want you to throw
a motherfucker right on the ground I
don't know how to know how to get that
but I want you to throw a motherfucker
right on the ground
should we should we I like that Jason's
we set up another Jason yeah yeah I
don't sure what you got man what do you
wear do what he got hurt six Jason
what's his okay so he strengths his
throwing knives the senses and shift I
hate a defense he can't run since is
good and he can't morph is that evil
dead mode yeah oh well my way I'm shift
is evil to mode okay what's more fist
teleporting let go you went to go to the
map oh so he cannot more well it's
nobody can't it's probably got a much
greater cooldown okay
apparently the Wonder Woman half in the
bag is out I know oh I didn't see that
it was out yet I'll watch that later I'm
interested in what Mike and Jay think
about it I really enjoyed it but oh so
the Captain Underpants movie it's very
funny it's like for those who don't know
Captain Underpants is a series of early
reader books they're kind of like half
comic books with some longer chunks
of text and it like they are shocked
full of fart humor you know a Captain
Underpants and the perilous plight of
professor poopy pants Captain Underpants
versus the giant toilet monsters versus
the II like there it is nothing but fart
jokes potty humor barf and they are
hilarious books and for for early
readers sometimes it's a struggle to get
them just to want to read stuff but I
guarantee you Captain Underpants will
get your kids to read shit I couldn't
get the books away from my boys they
love them alright
I just came out with a movie and you
know DreamWorks animated and it's pretty
funny like a lot of potty humor it
actually has a lot of really different
animation styles there's a whole segment
of the Captain Underpants movie that are
just sock puppets hey like the main
characters just turn into sock puppets
for like a dream sequence it's weird
and a couple genuinely really laugh out
loud moments so it was a good time I
took I took my boys and and I went with
a couple neighborhood kids and oh man
the these kids were laughing these kids
were laughing professor poopy pants as
in it he's the main villain good old
professor poopy pants sounds like
they're just being cheap oh they have a
whole thing so the books actually have
this really neat thing they call flipper
Ranma yeah and what it is is it's a
two-page flip book and so like Captain
Underpants
well like have his fist back and one
about to punch someone and then the
second one his fist is up and he punched
him and then you flip back and forth and
it makes it look like he's punching the
guy and they're great like all the kids
loving a flip around flipper armor and
actually do a little flipper Rama
segment in the movie and they say
specifically like we ran out of budget
for the movie so we're doing a flipper
Rama segment because it's way cheaper
which the kids didn't get but they just
like but there's a flip around the
section and it's cute
it's really cute
we had a great time what a great time
see what we got
my boys definitely they liked the
Captain Underpants movie more than they
liked like the Wonder Woman but they did
like Wonder Woman as well I need things
to help us survive
absolutely absolutely nothing map that
helps I already got the lights oh that
means he's near you right
yeah somewhat near not necessary yes to
smash a fuse box it's not necessarily
the fuse box right outside this house
right it's in this campground he's not
close enough to trigger the music so Oh
axe trap which doesn't take my mad traps
trance he's not into my traps trance
that's fine Logan was gory or than I
thought if he yeah yeah really good
kills it's you know obviously it's
r-rated and there's there's a lot of
action sequences and when you have claws
and action sequences and an r-rating you
get to see some gore which is great it's
it's weird they're like being a comic
book fan even though they were seen a
little blood in comic books that's what
you saw that's what you were imagining
something useful hope you get nothing
ready shit it gave me shit
you get jock itch nothing the fuse can
be gas could be a car battery Wonder
Woman was not meant for kids it was a
lot of talkies segments but nothing
terrible in it Wonder Woman
it was a little long and a lot of talky
segments but you know good action a
husband and my kids really like their
there's this whole kind of like quasi
training montage at the beginning of
Wonder Woman when they're on magic
Amazon Island mm-hm
and meet a lots of horses and battle
scenes and bones and arrows they love
that you know they sat through the whole
thing which they have not like they
might my kids could barely sit through
rode one like they were not having a
good time at rug one but they sat
quietly all through Wonder Woman they
were having a great time at one of them
so too talky and violent for kids
definitely not too violent they loved
the violence people shooting and beating
the shit out of each other that's what
kids love did they say this is for girls
no they said ooh what a pretty outfit no
they they just enjoyed the movie it was
a little too talky like there was a
wrench into my my hatchet looked a
little different on the table medicine
have your kids watch the stream of
they've they've seen me like you know
either edit a highlight or you know
watch a bit of an episode they have a
quasi concept of what I do
and so they've seen bits of the stream
they they would never just sit down and
watch a stream mostly because you know
like they have a bedtime so and I think
they'd get really bored cuz they can
just hear me talk for you know like any
time about stuff they want to talk about
I just know I need to follow around this
woman with the gas can right nice treat
CEO cars the other way Gandhari Andris
is high and shadowy lead five says hi
yeah Star Wars is for kids though like
my kids are nine and six and I was I did
not pay attention to the reviews of and
you know they loved the force awakens
and I wasn't I did not pay attention to
the world
views of road wine they were bored out
of their gourd for rough water just
straight-up bored they made it through
101 and they were they were they were
they were into the the action sequences
they were tense
that was great it was great have they
ever watched your other videos for funny
and I'm like yeah they've seen they've
seen a bunch of my videos they like some
of them they don't like other ones other
ones I don't show them were your kids
sexist upset by the female female
let's probably suppose to be a joke but
I think you I think you might have had
typo'd the punchline I don't quite get
it
no they were fine like there's so much
punching in the movie that's all that's
all kids care about they just want to
see people did you know is that the last
one you got a pocket knife yeah
no they have not seen cock gun how was
gal gadot as Wonder Woman good they had
a couple weird things like you know if
I'm gonna nitpick and there's plenty to
nitpick about Wonder Woman that's what
we need we need this thing every three
seconds so Wonder Woman there was there
was a scene later on in which she picked
up a tank Wonder Woman
I know right and she's holding a tank
over her head and then she throws the
tank and this isn't just a Wonder Woman
thing this is a general like CG and
superhero thing they the actor never
seems to get the movement right because
like you still have to pretend like if
anything and she just went like this she
went like and threw the thing like she
didn't even move her body and so it
looked incredibly fake obviously she's
lifting up a tank so it's fake but she
was just like she's like I am done with
this tank now I'm putting it down and so
that was just one of those like come on
Wonder Woman oh he hugged Jason wants
hugs
so
put it in the car man would have been
dumb why he was chasing the other people
no he wasn't he he was smart and what to
look like was chasing the other people
and then he turn around
sure
probably didn't weigh too much to her
but I get what you're saying right well
that's the thing is like you still need
to show that it weighs something so
there were a couple little moments like
that but as far as her as an actress I I
bought it I bought it I was with her on
the journey
I'm the Wonder Woman journey just a body
falling through a door don't worry about
that
bone through a window people are all
pretty doomed yeah they have a lot of
time I hope
yeah now I want a Wonder Man movie you
already have 20,000 of them we're good a
good man
oh I love the hug death Jason one
snuggle Jason loved counselor do I think
Wonder Woman is gonna save the DC you
know because Justice League is right
around the corner it's it's false hope
right and Wonder Woman was not like the
the greatest movie ever you know what it
was it was competent and at times even
entertaining which as far as a DC EU
movie is concerned is groundbreaking but
as far as all other movies are concerned
it's just it's a good sign the game is
still set to strafe check out in chatty
I thought I updated that though it is
all right sorry about that
anyone who came here looking for us to
play strafe Friday and everyone turns
let me know thirteen I'm not trying to
hog this this is Friday the 13th Vic
game : the game and update
and level 27 I think we got the last
Jason had 31 okay great
I don't mind a seven out of ten movie at
least it's a seven right that's the
thing that's the thing and so it's it's
it's good it isn't that like so
basically what's gonna happen is Justice
League is gonna come out it will most
likely continue the burning dumpster
fire that Batman vs Superman left in its
wake and then people go well at least we
got that one Wonder Woman movie that was
pretty good
oh just you haven't surfer issue
suddenly just you suddenly no I don't I
don't think that Wonder Woman has deep
problems chameleon King I think it has
some nitpicks
it has snippets you can give to it but
overall it's a very it's a very simple
story and it's as well told and it had
good action which is all that really
matters for an action movie yeah I can't
interact what Jack I haven't fucking
seen Wonder Woman right yeah oh they
were all like what they're asking you to
do is pretend pretend for five fucking
seconds all right we're gonna use this
guy he's got high strength okay in the
hope that we find a he's lousy character
but he's got a high strength hope is we
find a good group of people and we can
work together to kill Jason no in which
case this guy would be useful for taking
the mask off okay great
are there any other super heroine movies
like there's lots of action movies that
star ladies but there's no other it's
the first one it's the fruit every time
there's an action movie starring a lady
it's the first one well this is a big
deal in that it's a big-budget
comic-book movie and there hasn't been a
female fronted big-budget comic book
movie Sigourney Weaver fuck you you did
your accomplishments were worthless
supergirl fucking gal gadot gets all the
credit
Sigourney Weaver well what was the last
big-budget comic book movie starring a
girl super there's a comic book I'm not
saying it's the only female fronted
action movie it's the first big-budget
female fronted chef sang Catwoman and
Elektra oh yeah they were bad but they
were female fronted chemical yeah that's
true big-budget well Catwoman
Bob wire yep Supergirl of course Carol
you can't forget about Supergirl
Supergirl tank girls not big-budget tank
girl was definitely not big-budget you
got so we got like we got like five
that's that ain't a whole lot to go on
like I think it's a relatively big deal
I care about whether or not that's a
good movie Agro agree need to be fuckin
politicized agreed but it doesn't need
to be unpolitical itta sized that's a
big deal it's a thing that we don't have
a lot of and they made a decent one so
yeah it's good politicize it you're
gonna you're gonna do you're gonna chase
half the audience away half your
potential audience you're saying fuck
off yeah but then like in saying that it
doesn't matter like obviously everyone
says like oh we just want to see a good
movie but like not saying anything about
the fact that there isn't a lot of it
means that you're complacent and that
there aren't a lot of female fronted
big-budget superhero movies how many how
many big-time female superheroes are
there there's there's a reason for this
there's there several several compared
to the male's burden male superheroes
ready female servers oh sure but your
pool to choose from is much lower agreed
and you know what that is equally part
of the problem is what a lot of people
would say and so having this
conversation is good say hey you wanna
you want what do you want to do do you
want to all the children that they
cannot like spider-man you have
like Wonder Woman because it's a girl
and more people need to like girl
superheroes that seems like a really I'm
just I'm done that you want that's a
snowball conclusion saying you can't
like something right like where did that
come from that seems like a dumb thing
to say no the only thing is like yeah we
don't have a lot of it we don't have a
lot of girls superhero movies we got a
girl super here now great that's a big
deal for people who want to see girls
superheroes rich is not on point that
your comment made no sense how about we
play this video game not talking about
political bullshit with a fucking Wonder
Woman movie all right your right foot of
next people will ask for a black female
led comic book movie ha yeah storm we
could have a storm movie like storm rich
doesn't care about the x-men Jack sad
now yeah like I said it was just the
thing I saw today I want to talk about
it
I was hoping rich would elaborate on his
dumb sentence in he doing that's fine
I don't really strongly thoughts I just
learned the Wonder Woman movie can be a
good Wonder Woman movie without having
to worry about the political viewpoint
of the movie and and and the message
that it's sending home about
I don't know modern feminine crisises
with comic book characters here but it
you know you don't have to ignore it
just don't give a shit right exactly
that's fine Mookie's I'll double that
ache pH D monster a Squirrel Girl movie
would be great I'll be down for a
schoolgirl movie I like that squirrel
girl she's a fun character totally be
down for a squirrel girl movie yep
missile there is no keeping agendas out
of entertainment that is they go
hand-in-hand man you usually all all
forms of art usually have a point of
view and you're gonna get you're gonna
get that no matter what
looking at that's just how the world
works the flare gun don't want that
flare gun shitty this guy's its strength
okay like all other aspects of my life
there we go
now I haven't read any of her new comic
but she's a fun character that Oh Dee
teleport away use the silence power to
make me think you teleported away I'm
sure sure could use a walkie-talkie okay
horsey car I just got to get to the four
C car which is the four seater I don't
have a radio to communicate my chiidhood
oh well here comes someone close to you
if you got a walkie-talkie I've got keys
heading towards the poor person car now
I just want Trish to become Hellcat on
Jessica Jones and I'll be happy oh yeah
that could be fun is that the four
seater that is that's the two seater
it's a two-seater what what remember you
can't run and hit T I've got keys
I like that you whisper you don't want
to tip off Jason now let's see here
anonymous wait I did that already and
I'm it says hello jack and rich I'm a
twenty-something that loved the Captain
Underpants folks growing up they
inspired me to draw comic books and
learn animation in my youth allows me to
pursue a pro animation now well great
yeah it's you know the Captain
Underpants movies are all about you know
just kids who want to be creative and
the oppressive adults that try to take
away their fun rich classic taken off on
a car
fuck I'm just fucked well you gotta get
the yeah I get the two-seater working
you got any gas in a battery it's not
gonna happen
yep flood of they're not making a coke
and dagger movie they are making a cloak
and dagger TV series which is going to
appear on freeform Network which
apparently used to be what ABC family or
it's gonna be a free-form it's not
coming out to like next year though but
they're making a cloak and dagger teen
drama TV series
that trap for what reason if there's a
general RM oh wait guys talk about FYI
squirrel girl will be part of the New
Warriors TV series also coming to
freeform interesting
whoa did truck they drove him to a
goddamn rock damn it what was that Oh
tried to hit him to stun him yeah he
fucked up man he fucked up big yeah
that's fine I'm not playing super
hardcore right now Jeff that's fine
you sent Jack and an email about the
Rick and Morty alien parody did rich see
it I forward very little to rich why
would I give a shit about the fucking
Rick and Morty alien parody yes I saw it
yes it was underwhelming I don't give a
shit about the fucking xenomorph guess
what I don't fucking ejaculate what I
think about the xenomorph it was a
fucking movie monster for from 40 years
ago I'm fucking over it I want to move
on with my life I want Rick and Morty to
do original shit that Rick and Morty is
good at doing without having the fucking
pander to the fucking alien xenomorph
fuck the alien xenomorph and that's why
i don't forward a lot of stuff to rich
by the way there's that reason and you
know Rick rich is very passionate about
not being passionate about xenomorphs
that's true oh that's very good
oh the ue4 summer camp that's what this
game is called by the way like when we
go to OBS it's called like summer camp
ya know it's weird I know it's very
strange very strange
you came back at the perfect time when
we're talking about Xena more so yep
that's what you get Chuck Fox says hey
that last tip about Captain Underpants
totally wasn't me anyway Jack and rich
you you could be any anime besides human
which would you be and why any anime
besides human thanks Tecna Fox that's
great
I understand atomic mousetrap says rich
you are a beautiful little hate cannon
and I love you that's a very that's a
flowery and and visual description of
rich yes alright well we'll try we'll
try this guy one more time in the hopes
that were with a group that communicates
a lot and wants to take down Jason okay
well try it again
sure when you're near people do you want
to like signal your intentions right
away
oh well art they have to be
communicating to or it's you're not
gonna be coordinator not enough to do it
right but I'm just saying like a lot of
times you'll start off in like a group
of three or something just say hey let's
try to take down Jason someone find his
cottage female all that yeah yeah
oh yeah uh yeah yeah I'm anonymous says
a woman playing a hero in movies this is
outraged women can't do fight hero
movies women belong in kitchen we men
need start dominating women again sorry
I am NOT creative enough to come up with
JK thanks anonymous
it's it's 2017 yeah and women have been
starring in movies in action movies for
for literally decades why are we talking
about this a lot of people feel that
they are still underrepresented why are
we why are we trying to to use duct tape
to put the glass ceiling back together
again so we can say that we smash them
why because a lot of people don't think
we've smashed it yet okay okay and
obviously I don't have a lot to say
about it as I am
you know contrary to what a lot of
people believe not a woman so but there
there are those who believe that the the
artificial constraints still exists
that's what the glass ceiling is and so
it's something that people still talk
about certainly not a man well you know
maybe somewhere in between Bay I'll do
my best
don't give up on your dreams jack that's
why I exclusively play women in games
you think I could pass I don't think I
can pass with the hair I need a wig I
need some sort of wig or fanciful hats
like if I got a big enough hat I think I
could maybe him button
what Wow he he was on to you man well he
was on about all your bullshit
purple came out of here purple came out
of the rich
that's a weird color I ate assumed it
would be too busy with the guy who was
dicking around by the car yeah I'd be an
ugly woman oh I'm an ugly man so it's
okay you don't need to be sorry about
that oh thank you this new subscriber
you saw that too like there was your
blood was purple coming out of your
mouth I think I think the counselor just
drank a shit ton of kool-aid and he was
vomiting that's what I'm gonna say in my
head Spanish banana says Jack if I send
an email to the prereq account will you
be able to read it um not right now as
I'm not checking my email at the moment
but if you send it to the email I will
read it when I check email tomorrow
morning I don't know how helpful that
will be to you Spanish banana butt
I only ever really watch you play yeah
Jack I got bunny Isaac for my switch any
tips for a beginner is that you know
just pay attention to those enemies and
prioritize which enemies to hit firsts
always be moving always move around the
room and just keep keep plowing through
eventually you'll figure it out like
you'll figure out enemy patterns and
you'll figure out who to prioritize you
just gotta pay attention keep playing
what what we've hit a slight snag with
projects hashtag horny but it's still
moving forward it's it's out of riches
and eyes hands at the moment so we are
we are currently relying on others and
it's moving its we have small snack
don't worry about so much nothing might
ever come of it it's the most likely
outcome is nothing is a story we will
get it when we get it down the road so
don't don't worry yeah you know Mike's
working on the episode 3 review Wow
right exactly
no don't count some chickens before the
polished that's not no that's true you
know it's it's something we're working
on and hopefully we'll have something
fun to show you or at very least a story
to tell
project MacGuffin right
when ads projects Hornet is our code
name project Hornet is the code name for
a secret project that rich and I have
been working on for a little bit with
the help of some lovely people from chat
nope I'm just going to damn window and
we can't give you any more information
about project Hornet the episode 3
review Mike is working on it right now
yes I assumed project Hornet had been
resolved months ago it's been quite some
time well it's a slow process we have
volunteer helpers and you know we're not
paying them very well and so everyone's
kind of working on it in their free time
and that's that's cool because we're
taking it slow mostly because rich and I
don't know what we're doing
that's very true and so we're okay with
people taking their time are you gonna
stream the game with rich voice acting
in it I don't know me me doing live
voice II do boom-boom Ozzie Baxter says
I've been trying to figure out who you
to remind me of and then suddenly it
dawn on me
well-spoken bald white guy fresh-faced
bearded partner you're the Picard and
Riker of rlm lol fuck agendas okay
alright I'll take that I'll take Picard
I'm okay with that
so I gotta help this lady find gas so we
can get out on a boat you're my new
partner whether you like it or not
does does she have all the things she
put the propeller on the boat oh that's
one of the major things I any a gas tank
oh you're not gonna shake me lady
you're not gonna shake me follow me oh
I'm all on that nice keep an eye on that
map see what Jason is up to
thank God it actually fit
can you get any better I'm out of here
thanks for the lift
oh man oh man
whoa
- guaranteed right
she knows where she's going nope waiting
we got
find us
our Jason might be behind us
how's he gonna be doing
there
yeah he didn't know where I was okay
he's got he's got whoo-hoo that music
can all Jason swim fast some of them are
slow okay
yeah all you really have to do is
teleport in the water near the exit and
wait sure by almost doing nothing you
follow the right person rich sometimes
sometimes you fail up man
GG what I think so I'm to discover your
phone what is this never seen the boat
eggs it's one of the easier ones even
the two-seater car you need the gas the
battery and the keys for the boat all
you need is the propeller and the gas
yeah Jack please have rich yell aids and
I'll sub forever rich you don't have to
hey there you go umm rich do you think a
game like this would work with other
horror franchises no you can't do this
you can't do this with Halloween
Halloween's in a house hmm okay in an
urban area in a house mm-hm so you have
a smaller area to work with
yeah this doesn't work Freddy at all
that would either that would be very
interesting what if like what if it took
a psychedelic turn with Freddy and you
could you could lay like dream traps you
know instead of instead of doesn't fit
like what are you escaping from it's
your own fucking dream right there's one
person at a time in their dream you have
to you have to find the items to
assemble the alarm clock you know that
doesn't work it doesn't work spitballing
here rich I'm spitballing you could do
it with a generic monster sure but then
people wouldn't necessarily care about
being the generic monster mm-hmm
as part of the fun of the game yeah
being Jason Texas Chainsaw yeah
yeah can work with Texas Chainsaw
Massacre sure sure sure
well yeah no we played a little bit of
that dead by daylight yeah that's kind
of generic slasher
yep no I probably look something like oh
yeah nice kill yeah I know that's like
my favorite in the game
oh man you need that ste spear that's
great that's great
whoo she said let's see here
dis church says hey guys just wanted to
say that even though I complain a lot in
chat I love the streaming keep up the
great work you deserve a higher
compliment to snark ratio thank you you
know we'll take it we'll take whatever
we can get
we'll take what is snark and compliments
fine I guess are too many people leave
in the middle of the damn game for this
game they start a match and then they
leave right away I think they're bad
they're not Jason I don't know
no I'm sure they're just re rollin yeah
yeah maybe oh oh you fucked up nope
what are you are you hoping to
accomplish your elec with sunshine
well Equus doesn't know that there's 11
minutes left right because when you're
playing you can't see the time yep and
so you know you've been playing for
about 10 minutes that's a good long time
if she can find a phone she can still a
cup that time is about it she's got to
be able to fix the phone with Jason on
her ass it's not gonna happen
Jason's honor oh yeah he's hotter mm-hmm
she's the last one left he's not gonna
get distracted with anyone else
zip oh that's a great I love the kills
with that spear thing it's great what
game will rich play with his Mormon
sister Oh probably something simple
she's not a gamer okay she's done
something about Mario and I think she
was talking about the 2d ones sure sure
get yourself one of them Mario's yeah
one of the Mario's anything I sing about
certain can you wait until until later
well I Fisher wants good lunch or
something around 5:00 okay so okay well
we'll play it by ear keep me updated
yeah and hopefully I can make it but
we'll see we will see yeah give her
bloodborne I've just shaved if you
probably like that binding of issac you
know something something with religious
themes so she'd be comfortable lunch at
5:00 yes rich does not live on a human
schedule rich rich it lives on his own
schedule the lunch at 5:00 schedule
fucking night all always have been yep
yup always have been every once in a
while I can tear rich out of bed at like
noon or
one in the afternoon it's not like rich
it's really important that we start
early today new and he's like and maybe
twelve your human definition of sleep
confuses me okay rich yeah here's an
important question from anonymous if you
were stuck in an elevator with the
xenomorph what non-human anime character
would you be please be specific hate you
people well there you go
you know what there you go there you go
everything's fine what no I did see some
sad news for anyone who is a fan like I
am of the Netflix series sense8 they
have not been renewed for a third season
so it's ending after two seasons
unfortunately I'm a big fan of that show
does it wrapped up or just left hanging
I don't know I haven't finished season
two yet but it's it probably is left
hanging as they finished it before they
knew what they'd be so yeah which is
something in general now that television
is becoming more you know like one
season one story orientated it's
something that actually really annoys me
just a couple weeks ago we got to the
season endings of all of my CW superhero
show
arrow flash not CW show but agents of
shield just wrapped up their big season
and all of them left on a cliffhanger
and I get it
that's how television works but I also
just want like give me one fucking
season where everything's wrapped up and
shit doesn't start again until next
season that would be great
I just want like a nice feeling well I
want to show does that absolutely love
it what when they end a season and I'm
just a good solid everything we were
working for this season is wrapped up
yeah I guess nothing can go wrong and
then the next season starts and
something else happens next year that's
fine but just let me have some goddamn
closure just once fine your crackers
good these are good things to have
oh yeah no but and you have your your
newer shows like stranger things that
does they do a good job of yeah stranger
things that was fantastic they wrapped
it all up they still gave you little
kernels of stuff that could happen next
season but everything was wrapped up and
that's great that's a great feeling
but like specifically flash we've been
working we've been working against
Savitt are all season and we barely got
five seconds to enjoy the feeling before
more shit went down
same with agents of shields you just
give me some time to enjoy the win right
give me some time to enjoy the wind
agents of shield is taking a very
interesting turn a slight spoiler I
guess for the teaser for next season of
Asian agents of shield is Coulson Agent
Coulson wakes up in space what yeah
wakes up in space pretty weird weird
place to wake up it's a weird place we
got and he seemed to be comfortable with
it like he had like he's like oh yeah I
guess I'm in space like he had been
there for a while right is he floating
in a space suit or z2 Space Station he's
on a he's on
sort of spaceship and he's looking over
an asteroid field
so he's like deep into space on a
spaceship and he's like well another day
another dollar let's get moving
and you're like what I hope all of
Jack's favorite shows are canceled oh
that's so mean that's a mean thing to
say okay I have gasoline
yep
it's final I mean I get like I
understand that that's just how
television works but it's still you know
which car should I head for they say
something they said something maybe
gonna check out whether it's the four
seater a two-seater from afar what do
you say the force eaters up
unfortunately yeah you're very quiet you
say the four seater was at the lodge or
the two-seater he did boo boo we want
the four then that's not good
someone running away very fast and then
shit get distracted with the other
people if that killed you that would
have been very that was that was super
spooky oh okay let's see here s in 1984
says hey like this stream and this game
looks fun anyways any plans to try the
new fire aboie emblem echoes for the 3d
yes I'm enjoying it but if anything
keeps up keep up the great work
no no plans to play just so fucked Fire
Emblem so
sneak sneak oh you know what I guess
you're right dope a now a super girl did
end oh hello
Supergirl ended pretty you know wrapped
everything up that's the four-seater
cast now dead guy had the case wasn't he
saying I have keys
he could have where did he get where did
he died over by the house okay okay
patience patience yeah someone screaming
I do not see keys more gas not helpful
the house we came from
oh sure yeah they they they set up they
set up some new shit but it wasn't it
wasn't terrible that's right rain or
whatever is coming who ever rain is no I
don't hey buddy
I'll tea here Willie J for 201 says hey
guys love the great job you all are
doing every week keep up the good work
any thoughts on future of DC movies with
the news of Gotham City sirens coming up
I have no thoughts on DC movies they've
all been terrible so far Wonder Woman
sounds like it's possibly good I don't
think that's any reason to be hopeful
for the rest of the DC Universe it's a
one-off thing that's true what like we
talked about earlier with humans and our
intelligence one is not a trend one is
not a pattern
Walker talker oh you cloned yourself
looted does anybody nearby have keys
weird Tundra weird Tundra you've got
this you got this
what happened are you doing I'm not
taking I'll take them he didn't want the
responsibility I don't think so you have
a map okay time to get out of here
I think you're all full up
Oh
you can do a rich you can do it
uh-huh this is an exhilarating
uh-huh
whoo okay everything's gonna be fine
everything's gonna be fine
rich is driving this is a very intense
moment
shit
shit all day rich have you ever
considered that you might be a really
great Reverse driver if it stops us we
all got it jumping oh shit fuck you oh
they're not gonna start in time they're
all dead they're all dead
I'm so sorry rich yeah I'm so sorry
uh-oh
where you going
as the card didn't know it so idiot hit
a rock don't don't leave your friend I
was a much better cry for you were a
much better driver they lost their good
driver rich what is this person doing
they are hiding the car behind a house I
love it oh my god
you know what this is kind of working oh
my god what
oh my god I can't believe this is
working are you pretending you're doing
it huh are you pretending you're the one
doing this no no no I
oh no I'm I'm just I'm like I said I'm
so caught up in the drama of this I know
this is great that's why this is a good
a streaming game yeah oh look at that
Juke nice my name is Jason doesn't even
know what hit him
a better driver than I thought took him
a while I might not have bothered
turning around there
can you run over Jason if you knock him
down no no like even if he's knocked
down yep 40 should turn around right
look he's back there again I think he
was faking out no it wasn't whoa nice
job everyone that was great that was
capital I mean you still die but that
was capital capital driving rich had to
die to save everyone else I got so
screwed except for when they murdered
ready yeah I mean but hey the others
lives that's what's important
standing ovations for them driving
skills great well may I do like one more
one more game here and then call it a
call it an evening
Richard sacrificed himself he did he did
he sacrificed himself he used his face
as a shield and you saved everyone else
Richard congratulations
shadow elite 5 says thanks for the
stream rich and Jack loved the driving
intensity this made my day well this
game has got it what's that phrase you
always like to use the emergent gameplay
or emergent storytelling where it's the
little scenarios that you happen to find
yourself in are really quite something
in this game
you don't play out a story story happens
when you play yeah yeah
shit yeah Jason or sleeping-bag death no
I'll give it I'll give it a real go no
matter what I get are you Ray Tennyson
yeah I think so I think so I had a
fairly late night last night so I can't
go too late today and I got shit to
accomplish tomorrow I need to remember
to invert and apply and confirm I go
back great but it doesn't have a set
single player story zero of 1000 you
might be Jason yeah it's a possibility
you're totally gonna be Jason
you think yep nope
can't see what we got here a lot of
drawers a lot of drawers a lot of
drawers nope a lot of bottle caps hey
there we go bottle cap bottle yeah
bottle cap
drawers and bottle cap hey bucket excuse
me you have one I have a perk that
starts with a walkie-talkie oh okay you
have a map already and a walkie-talkie
already hey breaker breaker
we're here lots of walkie-talkies we
have a mic and car keys and car keys now
we have car keys stop done with anything
okay repeat we have car keys
bear trap
what that's not what I wanted to do no
all right
too many people around here
anything
yeah some yeah we got keys okay
some well we're kind of new with this
we'll just follow you you are you're
playing I am I am kind of nervous did
you buy this for yourself yet no not yet
just because I haven't had a chance to
play much of anything because I've been
editing
so no like I I do want to get this for
myself eventually because I think might
not take them long no baseball bat mad
traps trap
their back door and it's locked
yeah is there another car look at the
map there is another car gonna head
towards the other car mm no I'm not sure
he might have gone I bet he trapped the
fuck out of that car though take a look
chatter I don't think there is a boat
this time no I did not see a boat they
vary it up a little bit drop the battery
off that's all you need to do just get
the fuck out of there he's got teleport
behind you
sure it can't die you got the keys huh
be a mistake yeah just get the fuck out
of here just go he's focused on somebody
else get the fuck out of here
I'm survived I'm gone yep go to the
other car see if there's any progress
over there is that the blue car I don't
have those kind of memory capabilities
or cars this
let's find out
it looks like a yellow car stop moving
for a second okay
batteries have been dropped off by the
four seater we have keys too
if you won't run back and grab that
battery and still apples I do then go
back alright update him wait we will hit
the start button alright though the map
button to see guys I got keys it doesn't
matter alright then you make your way
would have been quietly make your way
over to the battery sure because here's
the thing survivors can turn against
each other you can be murdered by
another survivor if they want those keys
yeah they can kill your ass and take
them oh yeah yeah Oh Jason's over there
he's camping yeah of course yes he knows
where the goods are oh you know you got
the keys you can let them yeah do all
the business you want to tell them that
there's a battery over by that car they
heard you okay
I'm gonna be super Sneaky
hey friend
okay all right we can do this we can do
this oh he's right there he's right the
fuck there I know I know you guys go
ahead you guys go ahead I'm just gonna
be over here chilling have you build Z
bub since rich and Jack you guys played
player unknowns battlegrounds any chance
of stream I've not even heard of it i I
keep hearing about it I don't know
anything about it I I constantly hear
about it I don't know anything about it
rap
go back back what do we need to get
better
I found the battery okay before senior
needs gas so it's a battery and gas
you know and I didn't explore in here at
all there might be gas smells probably
dead probably legend of gooses hey guys
I do truly love watching all your
content from old wheels of the worst new
breath of the worst best enjoyed with a
glass of bourbon
thanks for quality entertainment you're
welcome thank you very much we try Oh
check you grew up on farms it's gas
something you'd normally find in a farm
of course gas is there I'm not being
sarcastic I'm asking ya know especially
like in a like you want to be careful
where you put it in the barn oh is that
a gas can oh yeah no you need gas for
everything lawnmowers trailer
tractors you need fucking gas for
everything
those glass doors are so fragile it's
almost not worth locking them I said you
know just one extra stay under stand I
understand an extra step that taking
that much longer to get through it you
can you can bash them down as quick as
you're gonna open them normally pretty
much pause yeah what's their status and
ghastliness anybody found gasoline
and go upstairs Oh
I'm gonna trust him I in my teammates
here and assume that he searched
thoroughly see you know like logically
you'd want gas to be you know around the
boat for the boats to alright but I know
there's not necessarily a logical
placement right things here am i I'm
here don't want people have been to the
far right the far right that's where we
started you started that yeah you
started on them nevermind I'm gonna I'm
gonna take the long way around the far
left here and hope that you'll find
something useful there's gas at the
church do you think this is worth 40 40
I don't know this is this is something
that's different you know tell us about
what your means are but of course 40s it
is a tough call if there if there was a
single-player campaign which I know they
are supposedly there will be you know
they're working on it you never know
when you know cancel the single play we
do we couldn't get it to work it's
canceled you never know right right
right
and so like if I knew for sure there was
a single-player campaign then maybe but
because we're unsure forty still seems
like a stretch twenty he'd got me sold
for sure thirty right on the edge yep
thirty is good 39:34 this is totally
fair yeah
forty though is like that's just it's
like a hair too much yeah you want your
keys keyboard and mouse setup remember
what the controls were that being you
know that being said and it's its
extra-tough because it's multiplayer
right mm-hm and as soon as the community
disappears this game is worthless and
that's what makes it extra tough batters
drop by the car but Jason's on it
damnit make your way towards that fort
wait which car a two seater pause yeah
that raised by the two-seater or the
four seater and we need a battery and
your character has a good repair stab
you can repair things fast you can
install that battery quicker than a lot
of other characters okay for her it's
only three you know left hidden right
bumper things and she is fairly long
time to do them okay okay
and there's already gas in the
four-seater will hit the Start menu or
the map menu no yeah fill gas tank oh
and the two-seater guys they're gonna
bring them to the core shooter get to
the there's two houses here the four
seater if you look on the map it sorts
the right there's two cabinets once my
camp it's past the one by the camera and
bat follow far-right but I wanted you to
go in the first place is where he found
the gasps sorry sorry
motherfucking hindsight gets me again
bananers batteries on the car gases q
cabins away from the car get that
battery installed if you can in this car
no no the other one that's where all the
shit aside right this car it has gas no
battery
just as long as I'm here and I know
Jason's not here I'm gonna take out take
a moment to look around cuz if I you
know if there just happens to be a
battery in here I'm saving myself
alright alright the odds of that the
odds of that are low oh sure
cabins by the car gonna get picked
picked clean fast
alright well shit ok well then he's with
you fucking everyone else can I drop
them how do you how do you drop items I
don't just get in the car front there's
no time there's no time wait just get in
the car go go go shit happens
shit happens it happens
whyyy
see you oh snap what he teleported but
he wasn't on the road
you probably oh just missed Wow yes Wow
and you're fucking everyone else what
did we get out were they stuck we
survived accounts I was dead everyone
else is gone shank here yes awesome
that's some great a surviving job I did
it I was ready to screw over my fellow
players and it paid off so you drive
around until the exit shows up know
there's predetermined exits yeah but if
you don't have the mass you kind of have
to drive around until you figure out
where the exit is I couldn't go to the
map while I was driving I found hmm yeah
in the heat of things that was hit the
wrong button I don't know but or or
connect let's leave confirm yeah so so
you know where the exits are and you
just have to make your way there but
Jason also knows where the exits are and
you know ya can teleport in the road and
and if you hit Jason head-on with the
car he stops the car yeah so it's it's a
game it's always a game jack didn't I
didn't do anything too stupid no I was I
I got incredibly lucky that I just so
happened to be next to the two-seater
when the guy with the battery and a key
and a key zone key so he could drive and
I didn't have that pressure because I
couldn't I couldn't take it that would
have been my first time driving but I
did have the gun so like if Jason did
stop us I could stun Jason on
maybe so it's like this is it's like
this is a game right that's the thing is
it's a this is a fine game I'm not sure
it's worth 40 and I I hope the community
hangs around long enough I I've gotten
value out of this and I'm not a
multiplayer guy right right know if you
can get if you can get I'm not even a
horror guy that's true if you can get 20
40 hours out of this it's well worth it
ba we'll see it might be worth it they
probably should have priced it lower
they would have sold more units that
yeah that rubbish sale at some point of
course yeah as soon as this hits Steam
sale a bunch of people are gonna get it
just a bunch we'll see we'll see what
they could pull out of their ass for
single-player content if that will be at
all worth it I doubt it
maybe maybe we'll see all right well
let's uh why don't you all tap us and we
can get flat-out quit to the point in
the stream in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us we have a
button for just cam zoom and only cam do
that button we have buttons for things
now we do let's use our button hi
everyone are the buttons we have that
are four things I was figuring out you
know we we often have problems oh yeah
now you get now you get a lot of that
white thunder that white lightning I
mean let me catch up here we have
something I want to talk about with our
camera setup I think I figured out a
workaround because we have a lot of
issues when we want to stream with two
web cameras and a lot of people have are
having luck lowering the resolution of
both cameras really like having the
resolution and then it doesn't take up
the processing power or something of the
like so Lincoln jr. says Jack rich
please have rich dude the space cat
voice when you were playing us Jason
also hey
aids that'd be great I'm gonna get you
my fucker the other night yeah I did the
blanket voice well playing is Jason I'm
gonna get you
nice Rory good yeah after the game some
they called me a faggot I said don't you
suck my dick then nice it's kind of
thing I like it's my response it's fair
response that's a good and fair response
rich oh you know sometimes people I mean
sometimes people be mean okay
is that it one more Beelzebub says
Richard Jack favorite Friday the 13th
movie Freddy vs. Jason because it's lock
and it's fun well there's something to
be said for Jason 10 Jason axe yes
notice neither of these are really
horror movies they're just kind of fun
schlock and that's why I like those
right and I'm I'm not a huge Friday the
13th person I'm more I'm more of a
nightmare on elm street person so like
to me there are they're all just fun for
their own in their own way so I cannot
choose a favor I'm sorry Jason X has
like the single greatest Friday the 13th
moment ever that's when they try to
distract Jason by putting him in the
Crystal Lake VR simulation yes yes Karen
will occasionally go online and just
look up a clip of that she loves that so
much that's good that's good Jason the
10th that's right that's right okay so
this is the point in which we thank all
the people who have subscribed to us
during the stream much likes to
pocalypse who says thank you for all the
laughs Polly nice says oh no money
the real Vey on who subscribed to us for
19 months in a row the real van says
tell Stoke Lassa to lay off the Star
Wars criticism
or else partial transcript of rich
Evans's terrifying
dark alley encounter with a fan oh okay
sometimes friendship Euler's number an
unqualified bard says one-time follower
but I am now finally able to watch live
hey keep up the quality content in order
to keep it up we have to start nice cart
ophea's that was a subversion of my
expectations rich and carto feeis says
hey guys been freeloading for a while
here's my money can't wait to see your
rich play vanquish there's about five
streams where I've done it it's deadly
but yeah it's know there will be more
vanquished streams in the future I am
sure no good um where'd you leave off
that was I was a fireman Z for 17 months
in a row the blue prism says you two are
doing a great job keep doing what you're
doing
Pro leads yeah might say something I'm
not sure yet says no says we scroll past
it says 10 months boy oh boy what a ride
it's been
kisses and best wishes well take him bro
bleep ah both the kisses and the best
wishes where are all Rio Leo says I did
the thing honey be 2-0 23 says oh my
boys my boys are Miller for 22 fucking
months in a row and our Miller says it's
really a shame how previously recorded
have stooped to carve Fife a cocoa bean
coffee Co nevermind if you don't know
you don't want to get into it yellow is
a flavor rate says I did it for the lulz
we appreciate all of the your lulz then
dr. Harry Lime says thanks for the
entertainment chaps any chance of
plugging my interview with Len cab
ocinski
at Paul Beit Lee calm if you go to Paul
Beit Lee calm you can hear an interview
with lenka Basinski it sounds amazing
where do I go to that you go to Paul
Beit Lee which is Paul like you spell
Paul be a te y dot-com and you can
listen to an interview with Len Kevin's
GAD did listen to a little bit of it the
one capital letter media fame of killer
wolf fame and ready a red letter media
red letter media so Fame yes we're gonna
gotta get a little something for
yourself in there too jacket I I did
listen to a little bit of that interview
and it's great Len is always fantastic
and I'm sure anyone who enjoys Lenz
movies will enjoy listening to that ad
Paul Bailey calm no we mm says just
started to see Batman the Animated
Series Oh huge disappointment hey didn't
start with an origin story Batman is do
wasn't delusionally inspired instead of
hyper realistically miserable I get it
yeah yeah
the villains motivations aren't vague
enough and Joker's voice is just
terrible sarcasm received oh you know
what I was worried there for a second I
really was
I never seen someone said they didn't
care for the animators yeah I've seen
that before it's crazy that is crazy to
me let's see here left over beef cake
for 31 fucking months in a row leftover
beefcake who also brings us the lovely
twat sure that we are using right now
says Jack's not excited for an Aquaman
movie only because he thinks it's not
going to be deep enough
great cake good quality quality puns
weasel how many you mention was that I
couldn't see we scrolled the scroll
that's it before I can see the months
I'm sorry oh not enough yeah weasel says
thanks for the entertainment over the
years thank you thank you very much and
see Lily day on and Sealy dianna says
well look who primed five months for
some hack frauds who don't know how to
play the game right at least you got
less atheists okay look at 2:46 gobbledy
gook 434 fucking months in a row and
gobbledygook chmm twitch says it's only
my four month anniversary
what is up with that fucking shit twitch
get your fucking shit to go you fucking
fucking fuck dick Biggs says there's
some money that Amazon let me have let's
all take a moment to thank Danny Amazon
you know thank you daddy Amazon let's
take a moment Apple's WWDC is tomorrow
the Worldwide Developers Conference it's
it's one of the two big press
conferences that they have a year they
have two big ones and a lot of times at
these conferences they announce all the
new stuff they're working on and one of
the rumors is that they are going to
announce that finally we are going to be
able to watch Amazon video through our
Apple TV's Amazon and Apple had a fight
a while back why would you have an Apple
TV it's like a Roku but for Apple
products so it's like you know it'll
play netflix and it'll play you I'm like
a normal TV it's like it's just like a
Roku but you just got a Roku that
actually does play Amazon because a Roku
won't play any movies that I bought off
of the iTunes Store
okay okay you know I I have a bit of an
apple ecosystem going the only downside
is you can't play Amazon video directly
through the Apple TV you could play
Amazon video on your phone and
screencast it to your Apple TV but it's
not the same but they they hopefully
will are gonna stop their fight
so that's tomorrow that's what I'll be
doing tomorrow afternoon okay
watching the WWDC where did we leave off
I don't know Amazon gamebird Oh Cabbage
Patch from Brno Cabbage Patch 429
fucking months in a row yeah says Booker
Koo Wenger booger boomer this is very
it's very different you know I saw the
Bo oh and then the ER and I went for it
boomer cool anger Wilkins the clown for
28 fucking months in her own lady
Denning for 18 months in a row magical
Flying Tiger for 13 months in a row says
not as sexy as 1 year but I am always
glad to spend another month with you
clowns thank you real Rob Rose says so
you guys read these at the end of the
stream when we want to go home you want
to go home you guys read these at the
industry and when you want to go home
that considered can you give us a
detailed account on what your feelings
are on the new Wonder Woman movie I
missed it
it's good it's it's a good movie really
it's a good movie that's a joke I'm
gonna get I'm gonna give a quick recap
just in case that they realistically
wanted that it's a good movie has some
flaws some defects there is like a 1%
chance that they realistically wanted
that less than it's a sub one percent
chance one
skeletonbill for 15 months says I was
promised Diddy Kong Racing
Rek hack I will I will look for all of
my n64 next time you get that you get
this shit together will get my shit
together I'm so sorry
yeah King wait deca gang or good as you
can do with that yeah I think that's it
dr. Sundays for twenty six fucking
months and roses rich thank you for
acknowledging your lust for aliens I to
get huge erections for Xenomorphs and
I'm glad to know I'm in good company I
sent you a link to my deviantART page
it's bonerific and sure to please hello
HR my Geiger did you you didn't say the
brick and mortar aliens thing right no I
was it's a 20-second promo but gives a
shit of my sod or not it's just a stupid
fucking promo well they know your shit
movies they know that you're fans of
Rick and Morty and so it's Novack wish
is that on peace and the list of things
to ask you if you've seen it or not that
is like by far one of the dumbest you
see that McDonald's had and Rick and
Morty in the McDonald's had fucking
McDonald's ad I'll give a shit oh let's
see here dream sign for fifteen months
in a row and dream science says prereq
stream is of the highest to cava feet
what is this do I know I don't want to
know I don't want to know you said I
don't want to know code that's a Trump
tweet nobody knows what the fuck it
means they think he misspelled I forgot
what it was but so he type owed
something yeah we don't need to get into
it hop Fifi tendinitis I know I know
you're just trying to be nice by
pointing out the wrecking ball rethink
sometimes sometimes my anger is
overstated because I exaggerated
frequently hmm for for comedy purposes
for how many purposes I exaggerate
frequently yep this is just something I
do
mm-hmm and not even only just on stream
it's something I'll do just in general
yeah but it doesn't reflect my true
anger
considerably less great great when we
space Jack 2084 for 15 months in a row
well I'm looking at the wrong screen get
together rich Oh what are weirdly both
guy I just did space Jack Robbins Oh
nineteen says hi from Nebraska hello
you horrible horrible wonderful people
well you know balances out krokodil
brain for 31 fuckin months in a row mr.
Alex Reynolds says I have nothing clever
to say here right sir Danforth and sir
Danforth says six months butts thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do it's true we
really do so tomorrow on the stream you
are thinking of streaming tomorrow night
yeah with your deeply religious Mormon
yes and you think this is a good idea
yes I think this is a fine idea we got a
wall on this only gonna hate each other
