Episode 113
Space Sister
July 17, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjHXwXYQpLQ
___________________________________________

FLORIST you just like that table over
the table I can't give it from this
angle big table you go I'm gonna start
ripping things on the ground effect shit
anymore yeah
please don't rip things off the ground
okay well that was Karen speaking you
know Karen Karen is unexpected here
tonight but I'm boring I'm old hat
well scissor I'm Katie riches sister
okay okay
so this is a first it's probably weird
for you it's normal for me says everyday
I'm a Darren life what having a sister
yeah you've had a sister for quite a
while now please she's not even the
oldest sister so you had a sister before
but this particular sister she's been
around knew a number of years
yeah the newer of sisters yeah all keeps
going out of full screen why does FTL do
that's not even showing now for crying
out loud
my life is nothing but technical
difficulties alright so now we just we
just we just honestly we just chitchat
that's all we do anything you want to
talk about like you haven't seen Wonder
Woman no I haven't were you looking
forward to seeing Wonder Woman sure more
than more than most of the DS I need to
see it in in honor of the Phi girl with
Wonder Woman roller skates that I was
there you go a number of years ago a
keyboard I need I heard it was really
good one of my friends saw it last night
you have heard mostly positive reviews
from the
pile of nerds who are my Facebook
friends and I mean that the best
possible way I really do all right
do you wanna mention your name I did
Rich's cuz there's Katie well they need
to pay better attention maybe they do
alright so can can you hear my sister is
what I did what I need to know is she
audible
is my microphone am i audible because
you know we can probably put the
microphone 14 counties over and here
rich yes
so sounds like issues yes she's
honorable that's that's great that's
great he hugged all the genetic volume
and there just wasn't very much left by
the time I got to it seems possible I'm
naming our first person here that's
totally being named after you here
you're on the ship now congratulations
sir this is a gonna be our ship should I
do the ship or should I do a different
ship that kind of looks time no idea
what this game is so there's you know
the first ship of custody oh well sure
yeah well good they'll get to that
alright we fly around or ship the galaxy
is there a ship you like that one's okay
okay well then are you can rise a little
bit the guy's fun Britisher you're all
caught up and that may have been
delivered right for all I know
alright Karen give me the name of
somebody in the channel um there's a
Moog master Moog master mo oh gee yeah I
like the synthesizer oh yeah yeah these
guys assume that's what that resents the
thing why no face cam why don't you have
a face it's a CROs teeth I've heard of
hen's teeth
what's it pick me who said pick me um
Joseph was here
Joseph was here said pick me yeah well
then I mean he's the first one I know
you know yeah okay
I'm sure they're about 14 of them saying
it and then apologized any who said it
first
all right I'm Normal difficulty error he
hit and started basically you just need
to get to the other end of the galaxy
with the important the important plans
that will save the Federation okay from
the evil rebellion it's kind of a kind
of a twist on the Star Wars or the
rebellion are the evil ones oh well I'm
sure the Empire would have said that all
along so it's
a matter of perspective now I've talked
about you know talked about you on the
stream before here's something there's
something I I don't think I have
mentioned you like the Star Wars
prequels I do talk about it talked about
how how you could possibly like the Star
Wars prequel this isn't a soulja thing
because they came out when you were kind
of glad I was I was about nine ish you
were take when Phantom Menace came out
and I had seen the original trilogy
first so the prequels were not my
introduction to Star Wars but it was
like the big thing during my formative
years so maybe that has to do with it
generally a different view among them
you're like a millennial right these are
generally made perhaps Millennials have
a more favorable view on the whole star
what how do you feel about Jar Jar Binks
I hate Jar Jar Binks okay probably the
worst character ever created um so
you're not completely oh wow I got lucky
you're not completely non-sensitive no
it is it is a pretty bitter day where is
the oldest of all the kids of both of
his parents and and Katie is the
youngest yes so yeah I'm not saying that
the prequels were cinematic genius but I
would not simply watch the original
trilogy without watching oh well yes yes
what if I'm introducing a new person to
the Star Wars universe whatever rock
they've been hiding under I would have
them watch the original series first Oh
but other than that I would always watch
from Phantom Menace through in episodic
order I love you thank you if you watch
the prequels first then you lose like
the big reveals an empire right right so
that's why I said like to introduce
someone to it they should start with a
new hope but once you've once you've got
all the spoilers out of the way I feel
like you should start with I have to
start with that even if you haven't seen
the movies you probably know some of the
spoilers I don't know if there's anybody
they're still unless they're like from I
dunno a Content logic who have no Lunada
season I'm your father again that part
they cry on your father Luke that's his
name yeah pretty much proper name is I
am your father Lincoln Darth Vader that
Darth Vader not necessarily that he's
Anakin or blah blah blah because that
kind of comes in two prequels but just
the biggest spoiler and here you are
spoiling it all right here yeah for any
for any one reason spoiled but for
everyone um if anyone hasn't ever
watched or heard of or been in the same
universe as Star Trek why are you
watching
yeah but sorry I hate to painted wars
yes well start right now sure sure
Captain Picard is Luke's father I'm
sorry yeah it's everyone's father like
he did get around like he would have
been at the Maury Povich Show every
single day I'm sorry you are the father
oh damn it not again you didn't have to
hawk my spaceship they do know that's a
gross exaggeration right that's a gross
it's a character of Kirk honestly I
never was nominated how many times he
scored in the series
well shocking it was for doing some
shockingly there are zero scenes in Star
Trek the original series of Kirk having
sex no but it's kind of implied
technically technically he fell in love
about you know 12 times over the course
of the series but even he's always in
love
no no lust involved just probably a
product from when it was on TV
and what they were allowed to show the
first interracial kiss on TV yeah did
this crush you oh wait I'm just being
dumb I'm just being dumb I'm not hitting
the right buttons in the game wasn't
working because I wasn't hitting the
right buttons who was playing I am
playing his Spock had sex I don't know
yes well I know you went in it only went
in the oh wait but I know that's right
he never actually yeah you didn't know
about this right when Spock was in heat
no I have to say I have only seen like
two or three episodes of the original
series I saw lots of next you know I
mean there's an episode about this
spoken to going to heat once every seven
years okay that was an episode I mean it
was a TV show in the 60s so what did you
think of the recent Star Wars movies uh
I liked the first one what do you think
hmm well gone gone sorry finish that um
i we're still talking talking Star Trek
oh you want to go back wait which are we
okay yeah I liked I liked the force
awakens looking forward to last read I
try and keep my expectations fairly low
so that I can be pleasantly surprised
weapons was the first one of the recent
ones or the second the first that's not
not related that's a a Star Wars story
or whatever just try not to think about
it you know what yes interactions that
is that is that is the ultimate
description of Rome one fan fiction but
made by the people it was let's get all
the money we can out of this franchise
to be fair they spent four billion
dollars for the franchise with submit
you would be Oh Marty you didn't know
that I never really thought about it
does Disney right yeah well they've got
it anybody's
oh no sympathy huh you know no I don't
even want to know how much money Disney
has they're gonna buy Apple I don't know
this they could few things would
surprise me anymore
are they asking any interesting
questions in the chat or is it all just
garbage what's going on in their room I
think that they said Disney will buy rlm
for only 1.5 billion I'm okay with that
I don't think any of these yeah Karen is
here too
I don't think anybody that our Ellen
would have a problem with with dividing
up and do a few jokes 1.5 billion
dollars yes they would even have to be
even chunks and we could still be
talking about massive amounts of money
so I wanted to quickly diverge for a
second isn't it convenient that all of
these space aliens in Star Trek have
seem to have the same kind of genitalia
is humans we actually got into this
discussion last night yes it's a regular
recurring thing it really is well what's
specifically the genitalia but just how
everything is a human we're all humanoid
yeah you realize there's an explanation
for this in Star Trek that's the reason
well you know you need actors not
everything can have a tentacle shearing
and the whole CGI thing was not really a
thing in the 60s even even now it's not
feasible just have a whole bunch of CGI
characters okay so anyway what was the
what was the explanation that they were
all seated by Meteor be years or
something well not meteors they're all
seated by the first humanoid race that
ever popped up never they were the only
intelligent life they could find and
they were lonely so they seeded the
galaxy hopes that we would all come
together someday but you know we didn't
come to a little only only so he thought
he'd make some little friends
Murphy
I had it all people I was a kid it had
all kinds of weird catching satanic my
god okay you a gamer at all not really
the last game you ever played a video
game Super Mario Brothers 3 that's not a
game yeah I think anybody's gonna diss
that as being the only video game system
I own is an original NES so I'm a little
limited that's fine that's fine I want a
big gamer
I love that some of the old NES games
for sure you do the thing you did the
dance dance revelution researches oh
yeah yeah yeah the pad broke nitro we
tried to prep me buy a new one and it
wasn't working very well
so but that kind of fell by the wayside
talk about riches childhood is there
anything you have to say about childhood
and me you weren't a child by the time
you know no is an acceptable answer to
anything anybody asked tonight I don't
know what your couple what I ain't about
when I our family circumstances when I
started hanging out I think your sister
Aaron was about 13 and your what about
seven years younger or something six
significantly younger than me so you
were like in like first grade at the
time so yeah do you remember what he was
like when you were in first grade uh old
not terribly much you know I just
remember that when I would go over to
your house we would play video games
yeah usually and I was not very good at
them
I remember that one one detail that I
remember is that you heard like change
all over the house and your grandmother
would let me keep anything that I picked
up
so I would go on like little scavenger
hunt and do you remember how odd that
house was that he grew up in yeah talk
mother know so to what do you remember
because I remember a lot but I've grown
up for the record for people who don't
know I'll say this much we have the same
father we do not have the same mother
yeah my my you know our father and my
mother split up when I was very very
young and in the shuffle I ended up
being raised by my grandmother
yeah my dad went on break very sweet
woman dad's very sweet man my mom wasn't
a it wasn't an angry split my dad my mom
no they both got along just fine and
they don't fit on they but if they
hadn't split they wouldn't have both
gone on they have other children and
those kids wouldn't be here it no longer
kids but so we worked out okay so you
know when we talked about you visiting
me if that's literally what happen we
didn't grow up in the same house yeah
yeah but it wasn't that he was living
with his mother because he wasn't with
his mom either
grandmother close and it was not very
long after I came along that you were
like having friends and a social life
and stuff and you were but what do you
remember about that house mm-hmm
I remember you had a pool and there was
a waterslide yeah and I feel like I
almost drowned once and I've only been
on a waterslide like once was a
waterslide as you put a hose on it basic
it was a slide that yeah like zip tied
up to it or something yeah I remember
dad was like don't worry I'll catch you
and then he didn't I hear I am told that
Rich's father once decided he was gonna
go down the pool slide standing up and
and nearly cracked his head and he
became nearly cracked back of the skull
and just cleared it that strikes me as
something that dad would do techie
computer person okay I always thought
that his
iving was an anomaly and not a symptom
of a greater thing is the driving just
part of the whole package because I
always thought your father was behind
his dream first things first how does he
drive oh my god
I feel like I should probably not
comment on this the last time they were
last time they were up here we did not
end up streaming with them but they were
up here maybe six months ago a little
less and I got in the car and Rich's
stepmother was driving and I said what
Rich's father was in the same car and I
said I I said this person is driving
we're saved
yes he's one of those people who just
thinks other people can read his mind
and he just kind of specced maybe he
takes a quick glance it's hard to tell
but he'll just spastically change lanes
at the slightest provocation or possibly
none yeah I I can see him deciding to
slide down a water slide on us I still
think my mother did the stupidest thing
ever though she tells me that when she
was young she she met up with a couple
guys who were friends friends of friends
but anyway then dedup with with two guys
with motorcycles and my mother and her
friend were on the back of the
motorcycle and they decide to go for a
ride they decided to go through the
woods on their motorcycles at night and
then turn off the lights I looked at her
and I said I came close to not being
here apparently give me a name somebody
in the chaplain animist prime 8 and I am
is T and they missed they want to know
if you watch red letter media I've seen
a few things yeah same here
I'm assuming it does not appeal to you
and that's where a lot like a drunken
sailor like a drunken sailor I have no
regrets
we made that orange is moving a
microwave at once wears a lot the way
the Pacific Ocean is damp yeah we do
have one of the year
oranges movies I remember your mother's
advise them she make it for children or
make it some are rated we did recently
watch space cop I a drinker of alcohols
and if so what is my chip nipple of
choice
I met much of a drinker I'll go for the
occasional beer I tend to like you know
the usual hipster hoppy sorts of micro
brew things I don't know I'll try
different things when things look
interesting here in Wisconsin but not
really much of a drinker I don't have a
regular tip oh I don't like the
occasional margarita if I'm at a Mexican
restaurant but by and large I'm not a
connoisseur talk about space Scott
bridge I still need to see that oh yes
you watch face I did hipster beer yeah
you know like like yeah IPAs I like IPAs
I actually genuinely like IPAs and I
like them a bit bitter and yeah you know
hipster beer there's lots of restaurants
that have their own microbrewery crap
and whatnot so for in a restaurant and
they've got like their own beer I'll
look and see what looks interesting so
what because this is Milwaukee and
Milwaukee does beer are you done so what
did you think of space cop I thought it
was entertaining what did you honestly
think was crazy I thought it was
entertaining it was uh it's hard to
describe I feel like it was a sort of
move you have to see yes and that's
exactly it caring words do not do it
justice I've seen the trailer and
whatnot and I did like the line about
horse penis in Chinese people so okay
Lee that's the hot dogs are made from
the future
they want to know if you're proud of
your brother being an interstellar
superstar I am proud of my brother the
celebrity of the family is fine we're
all weirdos so so that use a normal one
really Wow
my mom was more normal than I am I mean
I don't think anybody's ever described
me as normal or like lived in Japan and
then she well yeah that's true I mean
you were the one who had like elven
characters all over your shoes when you
were in high school right yeah that's
the one that wrote my high school notes
in elvish that was kind of Awesome when
they weren't in runes I made up my own
like alphabet like but it was just like
straight character substitution I used
to write stuff on there well that's how
I did I'll write it backwards I would
not show my elvish notes to legitimate
Tolkien fan because they're not so you
know you're not correctly over the
broken Elvis you know some girl in my
math class printed out a chart from the
internet it was like look it's pretty
and I was like yeah it is yeah I learned
it pretty and it was a direct yourself
of it yeah that's cute that's other
stuff like your dad would come up with
yeah his dad is like the king of yes I
think I was driving and and possible
waterslide stunts he's a punster they
want to know if it's Kenya or cinder n'
i don't even know i guess you gave me a
church she got off the internet and I
was pretty you're a poser I am deaf I
never pretended to be they want me to
ask you about space copying you hit in
Uganda is space cop a hit in Uganda and
how many copies do you have to sell to
be a hit in Uganda Uganda famous people
in Uganda Uganda people who made like
action movies they're actually I guess
they're friends of us they had some kind
of clip where they mentioned
Milwaukee being famous for space copper
is it is it subtitled or did somebody
actually dump a probably speak English
okay I'm just wondering if there was
like a Ugandan if you could go in anyway
gondola theater and see space cop either
subtitled or dubbed into wouldn't
imagine you Uganda need to speak Ugandan
my apologies I mean maybe people in
Uganda speak English as their native
language I know a lot of countries speak
English I'm not sure if Uganda is one of
them but it would not surprise me it's a
former British colony okay William them
to probably do speak English and they
probably speak it better than I do they
certainly do you ignorant person well I
speak it like a lazy public school
educated American what was rich Evans
like in high school rich Evans and I
were not our social circles overlapped
what we didn't really know each other
that well I'm no friend we just didn't
have any we've never had any question
yeah we liked each other we just
literally never had any classes together
and then we got in we went to the same
Community College and we were like the
only people we knew there and then we
started hanging out what was he like in
high school
kind of like he is now you know but with
a couple more zits and a little bit more
hair and you know nerdy I'm still nerdy
yet embraced as nerdy as much he worked
in the library
he was a library that was a fine way to
kill an hour they thought you went to
Juilliard is that where people go for
like music or something and maybe acting
never had an acting class in my life
they say you were born with a receding
hairline
you were born with about the same
hairline you have now but in between
that's the point proceeded a little
everyone's being mean to me today
they want to know if your librarians ate
so not that kind of aid you said on the
bench that crack about my my hairline
I also responded somebody else said and
they said comes out of womb oh my god
and I don't know if that's supposed to
be rich probably or his mother where's
father babies both start dumping on Mike
and make rich feel better I mostly know
Mike as Rich's friend yeah I mean rich
has been on like the periphery of my
life because he's Richard's good buddy
yeah oh no no which yeah and I like Mike
but you know I've never really never
really sat down and had a one-on-one
lengthy conversation with Mike I don't
feel like I know Mike that well we're
acquaintances so we're you a fan of the
Lord of the Rings movies or you just
like look of the elvish language um
mostly I just like the look okay no
neither mine I have not actually read
the books I keep meaning to try I tried
in like seventh grade all my friends
were reading them and I gave it a shot I
got about a hundred pages in and was
like yeah I'm done with this when I
tried The Hobbit and I got about a
hundred pages in and I just couldn't do
it
dad loves The Hobbit right yeah
I think was like Tolkien writes very
detailed like he creates amazing worlds
with all kinds of detail that you can
like inhabit yourself but he also writes
that detail about things that I don't
feel really matter like there's an awful
lot of just like walking through the
woods
ryuko or some people see what I have
left El Pollo there was a rock and the
rock was brown with four purple spots
yeah look like granted I was you know 11
or 12 at the time and I ought to give it
another shot but I haven't got around to
it yet I remember like trying to read it
and his criticism was there was there
was a whole lot of fortnight's yeah
somebody here said it's like reading the
Bible over the Leviticus and be rich
baba Blondin ritually unclean until
sunset do I remember Pizza bear picture
I have seen it I was not there for it I
do remember Pizza Hut I mean I go in the
same general area Israel Katy was not
born yet I don't believe this yeah I
think you were probably less than like
that little girl in the pictures that's
that's that's my other sister yeah her
other sister not the one on our dad's
side of the one of my mother's son you
were like what six then or something
section five and I'm really I'm really
young and I don't know if any of your
siblings except like your oldest brother
we're born at that point Jesus was in
the picture okay well done all right so
you're your older sister too yes dick
the birthday boy weeks ago yeah you know
why that's funny right it's missing a
comma
it's that dick the birthday boy it's
like an imperative statement dick the
birthday boy go do it now I had not
figured that out no you're sorry that
you did yeah could we clear up the
mystery bridges you know we don't we've
we've asked Rich's father where he's not
entirely sure who did that I mean it's
it's a gorgeous what the baby picture
yeah it's a portrait done by an artist
probably working at the mall or maybe a
friend I don't know somebody somebody
was paid to do him in pastel it's
definitely rich but we're not entirely
sure who the mystery artist is the world
will never know
that that the search for that has hit a
dead end well it's at least a good
accurate picture it's not like one of
those bad tattoos where the dad looks
like an alien I still have no idea how
this game works oh now there's a problem
Rocket Raccoon icon in here Rocket
Raccoon you take another pizza I think
sure looks like a raccoon to me all
right all right it's a pizza bear I've
seen the beats affair I want to know
what kind of run you're going for a
casual run so we can talk like what do
you mean this is just a normal man there
oh yeah there's the Showbiz Pizza bear
which has like a weird bald pink face
like a Monchichi R but drone recovery
room that's good but I don't know I sold
I sold my drones I was gonna go for a
drone strategy this or their show they
were like this there so I got Cthulhu or
something hindsight hindsight I'm gonna
have to make do oh I see there's three
riches and there's a Batman I'm gonna
have to just make do
dang need more scrap when we need worst
crap to make anything oh no they're
gonna have like great weapons at that
store they said a weird bald pink face
sounds familiar I think they're
comparing you to the Showbiz Pizza bear
all right all right
I clearly have hair on my face so
whatever yes I've currently created the
parade of icons and here I thought there
were only a few icons in this chat like
from that little list down there but
indeed I'm gonna have to run from this
fight too this is not good this is not
good
I really needed I really needed this ion
blast to be functional with my first
laser and by the way umberto Cabbage
Patch I do love your name use the mic
that came up with umberto Cabbage Patch
first for bumper dick clump or damper
gang comforting comfort Dino with
Benedict Cumberbatch that's his name
it's got a name his parents just took
random little selections of consonants
and threw them in a hat and stirred them
and pulled some out and said this is our
kids going bad very quickly very quickly
so it was J they can't help with that
they know their history or provenance or
whatever octopus the kumquat possibly
British name complicated
that joke was like one of the four times
Mikus laughed
Mike's laugh is terrified okay I'm not
sure if I've ever heard it terrifying
we're doomed
we're gonna die that's a lot of
asteroids we are we are gonna die and
then some suffocate before we do they
all have asteroid wallpaper no deep
thoughts by Jack Andy indeed oh that's
right his laugh is kind of I'm getting
ready to die here they want to know why
there are two guys in the weapons room
because I had to evacuate my engine room
because it walks with oxygen that's why
cuz of lacks of oxygen I feel like why
do you hate me like luck why bagels and
lox
why are you eight me as much salmon or
something isn't it is there smoked
salmon in your what room what did I do
to you
is there smoked salmon instead of oxygen
in your what did I do to you I'm not
accepting your surrender you people
could die you've been a thorn in my rear
you're just gonna let them die I'm going
mom I'm not gonna let them die I am
going to murder them oh okay that's
different
ah get out of here oh I start gradually
trying to write back that's the
relationship okay we like it
no you want to know feel like if you
like fish for your five o'clock lunch
was that your breakfast or your launch
that was your lunch finish dinner I have
no idea
he doesn't like fish by the way I'm
allergic to at least some of it sure how
much do I need to be allergic to before
I go eat at all he makes some really
horrible horrible faces when I eat tuna
does why I wouldn't bring those to
expect X to work nobody seems to care of
their know if they do they're polite
enough not to make face you need poison
instead of me
I eat nuts - I don't care - for that are
you allergic to all nuts
is there just like some tree nuts
peanuts are nuts no they're legumes yeah
so yes I am allergic to all nuts
is there anything rich isn't allergic to
cheese fries apparently unless the
allergy symptoms are like more cheese
pizza you're being such a minor broccoli
yes lastly there's egg friendly you any
opportunity you've found to wound me
today you have taken it and like with
with relish you don't look like relish
either or mustard Wow in general is
anybody on my side cheese for anything
he's a condiment you know what you do
how do you feel about zucchini we
arrange bikini apparently dead doesn't
like zucchini and it's like my favorite
vegetables I was just wondering I've
never had a zucchini I think it's really
good hurt good I don't believe I've ever
had a zucchini I'm sorry his grandmother
made him kind of like like a meat and
potatoes kind of diet because I I
remember eating a salad once and he was
asking me what the cucumbers tasted like
get him I am so I am so done with this
why did I want to do this side no idea
why are the people closest to me my
worst enemies I'm sorry
and why do you enjoy it so much
what would you like to talk about
uh you know let's talk about what's that
gonna how she was so rude today that she
reached over and put ketchup on my
cheese fries well you know he was eating
like that and he is saying that he
really shouldn't but they tasted so good
and it wasn't that many and basically he
was full and he was saying that they're
not good for me but they're there and I
feel obligated to eat them and so I I
know he doesn't like ketchup on his
cheese fries there's a story about this
so I just went and I took the the cheese
fries that I just would over by me and I
put ketchup all over them because then I
knew we wouldn't be tempted by them
anymore so I'm selling him we went to
Great America once years ago Six Flags
in in gurney and years ago with my
sister and my sister putting ketchup on
her cheese fries and rich was absolutely
Paul he still remembers it was
disgusting I hear Donald jump Trump does
put ketchup on his steaks and that is
wrong I hear he eats them well-done
two which is also just that's harder my
panels from it's just right now you're
talking about Donald Trump you're trying
to ruin me he doesn't make it doesn't
like his steaks the right way whatever
else he does it's a separate issue
boy let's avoid the politics people
cannot people could never handle it I've
tried dad so like maturely discuss this
thing that does not work well he wanted
a lot of things that anyone's got on
fries too
as far as eating a pizza with a fork I
mean it depends on the kind of pizza if
you're eating like chicago-style
deep-dish you probably are gonna be eat
it with a fork because the cheese is
like four feet thick we're half dead
well speaking of Forks the Germans eat
french fries with forks or at least it
did when I was there it was bizarre
they're like these little tiny wooden
fart wooden forks because they just
don't do finger food Chicago style pizza
is pizza but it's a different kind of
pizza it's delicious you are just all
over the place I'm just responding to
the chat oh are your people dead yet no
no power just one two should be enough
power that if eating a hamburger with a
fork makes you happy by all means
Japanese eat Cheetos with chopsticks
that has to be fun to watch
five I have one two three four five
I totally have an obvious reaction oh
wait no no I think I have the force
awakens' friend pineapple feats the
pineapple pizzas good yes Chicago style
pizza this type of pie you really
pineapple on your visa I do know I
thought it sounded weird until I try
this man I have tried it it's still
weird yes it's the worst it's the worst
that in Canadian bacon how do I feel
about tipping pizza delivery drivers
that try to be generous tipping anybody
cuz you know working in the service
industry is is not easy
oh particularly lucrative most of the
time o bowl game that you totally were
white I've got frico
oh this is BS my weapons that should be
always the monetary sense are in the
knocking over sense kind of hoping you
would be easier to tip that a cow
because you're bipedal still probably
not too easy what she's really surprised
she lives to be mean to me where's it go
center of gravity pineapple pizza is not
hair heresy but I think ham comes close
I just can't
can't do the ham thing there's like my
pizza planes and burned I've I've been
putting me I've been putting up like the
cheese burn to the crust or just all of
it I just make sure I cook it for at
least twice as long as it's recommended
mmm oh god it's been a long time so
plate up to y'all you can have that I
just did something stupid grating my and
not which is why that I can't use my
proper weapons those are we talkin about
like something benign and and stupid oh
I was talking I was trying to talk about
something Brian its game is my stream
I had to talk about benign stupid things
okay so when you've got a tip area let's
say we just got a new Chicago's pizza
place in Yuba City California our town
is the home of the world's largest Sikh
gathering so the pizza place is in the
infusion example tikka masala lasagna I
don't have any idea what that is but I'm
the kind of person who will try just
about any food as long as it doesn't
involve like poop or live bugs so it's
probably great and thank you for the tip
Kapil he looks and and we you've told
them the story about Rick ins and the
dominoes right yeah number time for that
story so many times they're sick of you
are trying Domino's do you remember when
our co manager would get on the phone on
the intercom
and imitate his boss and his bosses days
off no yeah we had a co-manager our
first co manager when that star open he
would get in the intercom on his boss's
day off but he liked selling so office
planes and he would do it like imitating
the unusual voice of the store manager
and it was great
IV that is balls imitating your voice ho
boss's vocal courts over the intercom
how convincing was his imitation um you
could usually tell but sometimes you had
to wonder it's just to kind of do if his
door manager was there that day you
would know because he paged people day
and night did the manager ever come in
on his days off just like oh I need some
things I'm just gonna stop in for it and
over here this it was an occasional
thing it wasn't continual but I'm
guessing that the store manager if he
spent that much time paging the people
there was office he probably spent that
much time texting about his day off so
they probably knew what he was doing
Rich's sister have you seen him do his
Don Wilson bit if you could be any
animal what animal would you be
oh lordy don't worry you get to go back
to you answer the questions why am I an
animal was that cursed is that choice is
it something where I get to jump back
and forth between the doors one time
today you get to go back to being a
human when you're done but if you
couldn't never said that they never said
that that's well if you could choose to
be any animal what animal would you
choose to be do I get to keep my human
intelligence no there's an obvious
answer an obvious answer what's the
obvious answer you say like if I could
still think like a human it would be
cool to be a squirrel but I wouldn't
want to like chart out into the street
mmm
you know and dolly I doesn't receive one
good hit I mean they're like greased
lightning I've seen plenty of dead
squirrels okay so like if I could think
like a human and not do that I'd choose
a squirrel yeah because of the ability
of the adorable further incredibly
lifetime you'd have been you'd have been
dead generations ago when squirrel terms
yeah you'd be like your own great great
great great great very great grandmother
or something so what's the obvious it's
not as bad as - the obvious answer is
that you'd like to stay to continue to
be a human but my answer and he liked my
answers I said well then how about a
Neanderthal because they work you know
you can't be a human can't use human
well there were people but they they
were they were our species so that's
what I want with him but I like squirrel
you ever read squirrel girl no it's fun
someone says they'd be a Nautilus shrimp
I wonder why you got to give us a reason
it might not be serious
we're gonna attack the slaver scum it's
the only it's the only option hominid
seems to be a popular choice it's broad
mantis shrimp those are the ones with
the like go a little cracky arms right
where it's like no that's a pistol
shrimp never mind how about an otter oh
they're adorable
and they help they like sleep on their
hands and stuff are they utterly
adorable they are they oughta be in
pictures you ought to be an honor they
want to know what your favorite anime is
if you have one you possibly do yes the
other sister you would press her sis her
older sister you would probably get a
four-hour answer I guess I'm probably
safer she gue I don't watch too many
animated maybe she's is a fushigi yûgi
it means the mysterious play or the
mysterious game or something like that
okay what's this about a I think she's a
junior high or maybe high school student
who gets transported back to ancient
China and it's like the chosen of the
God to like protect this province or
whatever and she has to collect these
seven celestial warriors that are gonna
help her do this and then her friend
gets collected seven hot guys they do
actually happen to all be guys but when
her friend gets back
it is real that they don't have to all
be male because she has some of her
seven warriors that are sounds like such
nonsense
today absolute utter nonsense
unbelievable nonsense how do you feel
about Inuyasha no idea what that is
he's like I haven't seen it years but he
was like a like a dog demon who has to
listen to this stuff this girl says and
do what she did like bosses him around I
don't even remember but it was cute
it used to watch Ranma any excuse to
hang out with you well well it was
mostly our friend violet so it was big
and around huh
sure I don't Aaron like that I want to
know if you've seen Stargate no I have
not
I've seen like one of them rich has no
interest in anime you might think he
just hasn't watch the right one yet but
you were wrong he doesn't like anime I
don't ask rich has a sister yes he does
sisters multiple brothers they say
you're gay for me and I'm not sure how
that works see gay means the two people
love each other romantically and they're
the same sex but rich and I are the
opposite side maybe he means it in the
like happy pre homosexual relations
sense happy for me if I make you happy
sometimes you're nothing but a horrible
bitch to me
sorry somebody says gay means happy so
you're definitely not gay I am I am I'm
not a happy man am I am I too bitter for
my own good you do have a a decently
wide bitter streak yeah I wouldn't say
it's overwhelming you're reasonably
happy yeah Thank You Nicole I think
would be better
Cynthia senators I see that has been
that's a virtue that is totally a virtue
I would say more cynical than bitter so
yeah but I think he realizes at this
point that some things have gone right
in his life you can't deny that and he's
grateful for them maybe I have that
impression yeah things aren't going
right in this room but I seem to be
still alive
they want to know what your family is
possible you were supposed to die like
several minutes ago you know why I've
got elite FTL skills that's why I'm
still alive is that who I made like
glaring horrible mistakes that like with
an L and a couple of you know you know
what to threes yes it's a seven to
threes no way I don't know I think it's
an elm two three yeah seven okay then a
seven sevens at the end you have no idea
what I'm talking about do you like years
ago when my ex would like one time I
accidentally spelled headphones is like
pn o es or phone as pn o e so then
everything we would call headphones and
things Panoz that's kind of what the
leat thing reminds me of oh they're
saying it's 1337
well we see another what is 3000 the
legal they say your soul eat that that
the seven is at the beginning it kind of
reminds me of like when you would when
you were kid and you would like I forget
what the numbers were but if you spelled
if you put the right numbers into your
calculator to look like the word asshole
I could turn it upside down oh wait yes
you think about not hello oh hello but
you could also do asshole what's the a I
think it was like a 6 or a 9 or
something it was like oh yeah ok say
well I got I got ions here's a tip from
the Ayatollah of rock and Rolla he or
possibly she says some humans are great
Hagler's they read people and negotiate
prices some people just take it or leave
it where are you on this spectrum which
seems like he hates haggling based on
XCOM play so do you like to haggle I
haven't done much of it in real life no
well there's not much opportunity to
haggle right I've had gold a few times
at like Margaret's yeah like a garage
sale or antique stores like that
yeah where usually it's not on a
particular item where you know if I have
like seven items and they add up to you
know maybe like $18 and I'll be like
I'll give you 15 for the whole bunch
sure whatever
smart cookie that's the only I know that
violet and I were in Mexico with her
parents wants her knee it's not really
violent and the whole Bazaar and the
guys like the whole shopping area and
the whole people shouting at you and the
expectation to haggle I just remember
she was like oh I know some people do
not like it they say rich your whole I
can't magically make it better we need
to find a store you see a little red
blip there uh-huh that's my health okay
let me tell ya know
if I anything that literally kill me I'm
sure Bertrand 9000 says I tip when I do
my tax returns do you tip your property
or do you tip the IRS I knew I was doing
mine yeah I got I think there's
something wrong with you for tipping or
tax returns man
or just do your own taxes is he strange
to be asked rich and Katie about the
fifth element I've not seen it yeah I go
to strong feelings on it I have either
Jack is in the chat or are you
hallucinating him auditorily originally
he was in the chat
Oh in the chat not enough never mind
apologies Jack we're hearing he could
talk about somewhere I'm still haggling
yes but he's not here so we can they
want to know well this I already know
the answer this for what's your favorite
Star Trek series TNG Katie what's your
favorite John Carpenter movie do you
know any John Carpenter movies the name
is familiar
I know who that is big trouble will try
them the thing Halloween heavens he
escaped from New York the eyes of Laura
Mars never hurt Starman no so they're
all died I have no answer for your
question director of those films you do
like it's not like that I pay attention
I don't pay attention Karen desert no
fair enough I mean I guess I know you do
because you work I've seen you direct a
few joss whedon things so at least his
name I recognize I don't know that I
could compare him with other people well
I know I know like some things by
Stanley Kubrick and Oliver Stone and and
Steven Spielberg but I mean I know
they're like ridiculously famous oh and
Edie would you add in the same way ed
would huh yeah I want to know if you
have a favorite Japanese pop idol idol
isn't a singular person or is it a like
a J pop band yes and I like Arashi and
it keeps my foot - so what are these
things they're Japanese boy then say
marry a girl band called like baby
monster or something monster rock or
something that's absolutely adorable
they all look like they're 12 her other
sisters so babymetal yeah that's it yeah
I've seen a couple of them videos what
concert performance isn't stuff we
desperately need to find a store wait
they want to know if you watch YouTube
at some point everybody I actually I can
go weeks without turning my laptop on oh
wow so I'm not a not a huge what do you
do with yourself books I have been
reading lately I used to read a lot more
before the internet now I'm reading
articles on the history of Spain is very
academic and slightly over my head but
I'm plowing through it the Internet can
help with the overhead part that's look
that shit up yeah Google it we died to
death we died it
you lasted a lot longer than you thought
you would dull yeah I mean they're
fairly big mistake early on that
probably cost me dearly they're all
giving you an F and I don't know if
that's for fantastic you know that's
that's not really that's not really an F
for fail there's a video game called
what are the Call of Duty games had a
funeral same
when you walked up to the coffin that
little prompt would come up on the
bottom of the screen saying hit the F
key hit f to pay respects yep somebody's
just here to press that then you press
the F key and then like the cutscene but
play over you honor the dead what if you
didn't press it I just wanted to be just
be walking around the funeral doing
nothing oh you wouldn't like get haunted
by their angry spirit or like no I don't
want to pay my respects yeah the guy
who's douche will do another run have
one like this one f chat what was that
what was that other FTL ish game we were
playing that was like Star Trek but
silly Oh what was that called well do it
with what other FTL run let's get to
them here what's a ship what's a good Oh
Ryan trail thank you
so resent anything like word on true yep
you interested Oregon Trail yes yeah I
was really little when that was a thing
so I were really I get the concept but I
don't know that I ever actually played
it myself
it's pretty cheesy but that's half the
charm so rich your favorite Star Trek
series is the next generation but I have
to assume that you prefer the original
series films over the TNG well yes
easily even first contact was pretty
weak as far as movies go says Texas
panhandler via a tip somebody wants to
know if they can be a crew member I
think well I mean her name is lost in
Technicolor I'm looking for Cady sounds
totes adorbs Kate Cady is totes adorbs
she's a sweetheart yes I said it before
Canyon is a sweetheart
my changelog I'm looking are you looking
for Ryan trail it was on your list was
it time did I just go did I just not see
it yeah oh my god lying dude and then I
thought it was uninstalled so I was
looking for something that was great so
I just ignored this Katy what's your
favorite book or series of books or at
least one you like I'm big Harry Potter
fan okay
you know I've never read any of those
okay baby - I know I know who you are I
never got a Mary Potter that's just I
saw the first movie I saw the first
movie in like the movies are not what
you should every judge your book series
but this is true I will agree with you
there are they do another shot are they
unfaithful the movies in a lot of ways
ya know yeah I mean it's it's not the
worst so you know adaptation she's got
kind of a fun style of writing that is
not existent because there's very little
narration in the movies yeah you you
missed that because I have read I
started to read the first book and for
whatever reason I got distracted night
and finish it but she has a fun style of
writing and that is not the duck there's
not really any voiceover or anything you
know you miss out on that but also
there's just this whitewashing of like
the good guys are always good and the
bad guys are always bad whereas in the
books there's a lot more gray of she JK
Rowling does a really good job of making
characters that are like well-rounded
and have flaws especially in the later
books
what would her design for a slightly
older audience have more adult you know
stuff going on you have characters
making choices between good and bad and
not always choosing the you know
squeaky-clean way to go and do you want
to try playing this this does not
require like any kind of reflexes
it doesn't no no no you should see how
no but how adorably beating around the
side of the head okay so here's a tip
from yonder yonder who says speaking of
the original series movies where do you
rank Star Trek beyond in terms of
quality personally my favorite is two
beyond favorite is their second favorite
is six and my third favorite is band two
one six two one six which is what the
sixth movie your Wrath of Khan I'm big
fan of the motion picture a lot of
people hated I liked it
six is undiscovered country that's wrath
of Kahn yeah for that's the only one
I've seen the nuclear I may have seen
their anthem come once okay okay which
is the one where Spock dies right I've
done okay
freeze the one where he comes back they
didn't wait long no I like that I like
the the bit where they're like in like
twentieth century earth and they're
talking about too much LDS in the 60s
but they mean LSD was for yeah the wheel
weird nuclear Wessels let me say let me
say I'm a thing in here gorsh darn it
it's two one two one six then what comes
next what comes next
that's a hard question what comes next I
might I might actually when they get
done screaming time will probably tell
you
for no no I don't hate for I might I
might put like beyond and and Star Trek
2009 ahead of it I know that's probably
not a popular opinion force fine but
it's basically one large gimmick so
here's these characters at BOTS and
Taylor yeah
it's largely a gimmick yeah so I might I
might even put four after the two good
JJ Abrams Trek films
so I've before after that I really liked
the first one for the reboot then then
insurrection then Star Trek 3 then
generations then Star Trek wait nemesis
you've become before that though yeah
that's enough you know we're beyond all
right I'm starting this game we have we
have my bad person because I started
doing that quietly so she couldn't hear
me when that old lady was paying forever
the freezer section and I needed my shit
oh you need to you need to you need me
back story the grocery store and there
was this little old lady and she was
like taking forever to decide what she
wanted the freezer section and so which
was next to me enough and I started
going do-do-do-do-do-do that door
because I wonder what was in that door
but when she called me over I stopped
humming and I reached her stuff for and
you know she was a little old lady
because I'm like 5 feet tall and she
wanted me to read something alright okay
I know you're not playing this but
you're gonna play this anyway which
captain what's he a duck yes that's the
soup you want you want you want soup all
right I got soup sir and pick somebody
in the chat who wants to be named
za 80s that's that says I will be your
crewman alright alright okay who next
green woman normal woman or biker dude
let's go with the green woman now the
green woman gardania
that heart i lost in translation or
whatever say he wanted to do yeah we
need a note I need a name
he put his lost in translation the ring
lost in translation is the name you want
is the name from the chat I think that
was it
carrying read it off back when we were
discussing what game we were gonna play
so lost in translation all right
I mean we're Technicolor okay lost in
Technicolor you know we're bound to
leave a bunch of people say I just lost
in something but lost all the other ones
are lots of the other people are saying
lost in Technicolor which they're
helping about just we goggles man he
says man before the guy with the weird
weird I promised I was gonna be man if
you didn't pick the guy with the hair
dye but in all in all honesty I didn't
even see the other one is it supposed to
be like like dude he's Sean Beasley or
something scrambled do these people have
different like miles or just based on
their looks
I have different stats but we're playing
come on I'm not gonna worry not to pay
attention to this they are not gonna
worry about it too much you should
probably do bad news and shoes at some
point because he keeps or she will have
to bring obnoxious that's exactly what
you don't want to pick up bad news and
should we say they will serve you well
alright alright bad news shoes and final
one here's here's what our stats that
you've been pecking here's what they've
total up to it we got a 1 an attack two
and tactics foreign diplomacy one in
science 3 and bravado
ok then these guys one of these guys
will add to that they'll bring their
stats down here
I feel so heartbroken they're all like
nobody's gonna let me just with them
they just don't go for an attack focus
strategy okay sometimes sometimes you
got a minute max like let's go through
the policy okay okay
name we need a name first name I come
across as I am looking down police told
me it's gonna be hot well that's again
so that's not gonna work I would laugh
so hard if you picked hack Bob okay Pat
broski ten hey I like hack five on fraud
but neck but says pick me and your
destruction will be delayed starting
resources we have so much some eight
credits to spend Hank bot says the name
is BOTS hack BOTS were you want to go
for a crew food a whole little bit of
each what's important fraud bot says
don't you understand how bout five
thousand we don't need users where
advanced they're superfluous be a part
of me and together the world will be on
hold a little everything like yeah well
yeah kind of use that you're dead when a
crowd bother it's like all in ho Lord
you want to spread it where we'll do a
couple of whole how much fuel in peril
five five clicks oh there's a kernel
rich mustard spread it evenly yeah cuz I
later - it's fine it's fine
this is the first stage it's not they're
not gonna punish you
here's a tip from lost in tech what's a
little says why are we trying to get
here's a tip from law
okay Technicolor your solo any of those
pens yes or what is it wisdom I
apologize for my twitch name getting
lost in translation my accent is strong
any other tips from today we must will
get that look at that poster and just
double-checking let's see Pizza
nope the pizza woman was the first one
the one who was saying that there was a
pizza place in California
all right so roxor pink thing wait here
a possibility to gain food
threat level one why are they like
random I don't know what the reward
might be here
threat level one maybe all right said of
course the captain has set a course
thank you as you go you lose food and
fuel artificial enlightenment the ship's
computer informs you that it has
achieved true artificial intelligence it
says it has learned all it can from this
ship and request your permission to
leave taking one of the ships shuttles
with it what are your orders give it a
shuttle and let go now those stats we
have we had a lot of green so that has
the highest chance of working
blue convinced it there is still a lot
to learn a blue is three we could
potentially gain anything random if we
fail we lose fuel here we lose crew and
then purple I guess we have to do some
purple statuses plug yourself into the
mainframe chanced again gain a random
item don't know what the heck we might
stand to lose what happens to us if we
let the computer go give a show let it
go
alright we're doing it you have a quiet
conversation with the AI well start
while staring I'm my mo I got a thing
I'm live in there I'm trying to take
care of that you know jump in baby
actually I probably would
yeah what flavor is this diet you
sometimes you like crazy raspberry
cherry even to little things I don't
know it's mostly diet coke and there's a
little bit of regular sprite thrown in
there
oh no what that's not a bad combo I know
that's not a bad combo at all I've
converted you yeah hey yeah made quiet
conversation with the AI while staring
into a distant nebula
then give it the shuttle it requested
and see this those two green checkmarks
that's that's from this we don't want
the skull green checkmark is what we
want
oh no that was the worst thing that
could have happened
the a is convinced that this is a trick
unable to find anything wrong with the
shuttle the AI destroys it out of
paranoia taking another one instead
unfortunately the second shuttle is
filled with crew about to take shore
leave how to hold - two whole - ain't
crew and - one diplomacy play we're
gonna get it on with green women and now
they're not gonna just Wow Wow please
possibility to add fuel possibility to
add crew we didn't just lose some crew
yeah they did coke with lemon they've
done
cyborgs djl Dredd is dropping classic
cosmic beats are just dropping cosmic
beats in a nearby sector a show is
likely packed with wayward youth the
perfect place for Galaxy Force
recruitment
you know that L Dredd has a reputation
for villainous behavior what's the plan
storm the show and take some youths
operation recruitment bake sale or flood
the warehouse with ship fuel we still do
have the highest diplomacy stab but this
is your call yeah you want to do that I
think we should okay
zat's wants to know how dead he is and I
thought oh yeah this looks like a job
for your famous nutria paste fritters
you whip up a big batch and grab a
clipboard everybody loves fried food -
good cause you set up shop in the back
of the warehouse where the snow is going
on but the show is going on and wait
smiling
I think the odds of katie playing friday
13th or even smaller than the odds of my
playing Oh
when epic win this game was the best
kind that's the yeah the blue star is
very good hmm I somebody asked if you
were if Katie was gonna play part at the
Friday the 13th and I said I think yeah
okay I'm assuming you wouldn't even want
to watch the Friday the 13th game with
the idea that Jason Voorhees is a serial
killer and he kills people and often
silly ways okay it's a video game based
on that you can sometimes you play as
one of the people is trying to avoid
being killed and sometimes you play as
the person who is killing them but it's
the same if you can call Jason a person
not sure what he is the spirit is zombie
he's been all of these things yeah
el dread is in love with your fritters
he whips the crowd into a frenzy
encouraging them all to join fritter
force and help spread nutria taste
across the galaxy by the time the bass
drops you have a whole gaggle of you
signed up and we gain bravado bravado so
hey that was that was that was some good
good goings-on that was great I don't
know that anybody always here with rich
and Karen Rich's sister Katie is with us
today
random Jack should be coming in at some
point
threat level one but no matter what
we're gonna have to go here we could
just skip over this okay
I don't you want what do you wish do you
want to do what's the benefit for a
mystery I you have them let's go if you
have the bravado it's in your blood I
can sense the extra one
a scientist and the medical bay testing
new intelligence serum on his Doc Carol
you know we're talking about a dog how
come you didn't immediately snap into
alertness the dog now walks on two legs
talks and has become the most
intelligent being on the ship
it is durable some people even think the
doll he's clearly not that intelligent
since he's smoking a pipe this is true
maybe it's future tobacco that's non
cancerous and help you it's an e pipe
it's an e pie it's like it's like yeah
it's like an e pipe with like dog bone
flavored cartridges or something some
people even think the dog didn't make a
better captain rock ro so his dog his
co-pilot use the serum on other pets put
that dog down or see where the discovery
COEs more crew random random let's go
for the UH see where it goes on the left
there is really pound in those keys like
Greg monkeys and typewriter style listen
to it lady loves her job we got a 50-50
chance
she loves that if she's got no idea what
she's doing if she wants to look super
industrious it's bad but it's not the
worst over time the dogs intelligent
wanes until all he can do is sit in the
corner and drool some crew are so
disgusted by cleaning up dog drool all
day that the they quit you need to take
the serum back to formula at least the
dog survived last two crew and one
science but the dog doesn't die so
that's plus no crying all right the only
one wouldn't go too
what what game is this this game is a
Ryan trail Oh our only option is attack
and that's what we're bad at reports
come in all over the ship about warp
weasels raiding people's trash cans
you're not sure how this happened but
you need to fix it chance a little Dalek
on them exterminate nice hair
oh my god I'm getting a doctor who
reference out of it oh my word are you a
Doctor Who fan I am yeah who's your
favorite doctor
Eccleston we survived by the way we got
a green checkmark your security team
sets out bait trapping the warp weasels
in an airlock and then we eat them as
though how we got the extra food but a
few gets stuck in the ventilation fans
messy but at least you can still fry up
the remains plus 30 that's that's good
that's good moving on they say that
you're that you're the opposite type of
nerd that he is yes you guys are like
diametrically opposed but as I would
expect
Jack says he's on his way I have to set
up an extra Mike your chief scientist
has made a breakthrough involving
quantum mechanics at least that's the
claim nobody's allowed to see the
results of the experiments since
observation will alter the outcome their
placements Orion trail it's a bit like
Oregon Trail and a bit unlike yeah HR
reports that that your unpaid
internships have expired interns made up
most of the crew and without them the
ship will go dark worse no one will
bring you your morning coffee dark are
they like power this would be the
perfect opportunity to have a diplomacy
thing and convince them to stay on
how is that not an option here I'm sorry
I don't know I love her through a fake
career fair though I want to know if the
lack of these people is going to make
the ship go dark if they're powering it
with bicycles those generators you
announced over the comms just reassign
the Nerds ladies in pairs one of those
what are those subatomic is a quarks
yeah with the subatomic particles that
always exist in pairs like ups and downs
and stuff squirt of quarks now works so
you guys are like up quark and down
quark good like when if we do something
to him something happens to you or
something like I don't know quarks like
go through the ones like you could like
take the miles away and you make a
change to one and the other one does
stuff it's like works I don't know it's
quantum superimposition
no that's calm right you might be right
I do not remember the name for it it's
probably quirks probably you're reading
about it not that long ago and how do
you announce overcomes that the
indestructible to will be hosting a job
fair to help the departing interns know
their future opportunities little do
they know the only career showcased will
be the very low paying one right here
they say it's quantum entanglement
entanglement thank you I try to know
things doesn't always work
all right we won we won the encounter
with quarks are very quirky why don't
they just call them quirks
I had no idea my options were so limited
one intern says as he flips through the
flashing brother I should be that never
had no idea my options were so limited
one intern says flips through the
pamphlets it's a good thing we have this
job fair contact my horizons contract my
horizons dreams thoroughly crushed all
the interns return to work after an hour
of looking no one can find the hourly
productivity report that should make
drafting the next one easier at least oh
ho - one tactic s' way we've got a good
joke here the Higgs boson walks into a
catholic church the priest storms up and
says you call yourself the god particle
that's sacrilege get out Higgs bosons
says well if I'm not here how will you
have mass like that that's clever
transporter engineer calls you over
concerned the transporter has activated
on its own displaying seemingly random
coordinates the engineer is convinced
it's a virus but you know a call to
adventure when you see one well maybe
wished his voice made your dog mad but
dogs love rich and he's allergic to them
and they insanely love him watch call
captain sent team into the unknown
what's not being towards random
coordinates I don't know what do you
think you know I'm a daring man yeah
it's kind of leaning towards seeing them
i've not played this I don't know I
think adventurous fun you you need to
pick a person to sundown as the person
on the bottom of bear oh yes okay let's
see a pizza bear possibly yes okay I'm
just gonna say yes but I don't know
let's go
I wrote again eyebrow guy alright seems
like someone we can trust in her
bad news and shoes grits their teeth
ready to face whatever random danger
you're sending them to are you sure
about this cap the transporter engineer
says looking warily at the display these
readings are really strange yes send
them out
oh no I accidentally hit yes send them
out before consulting with it bad news
and shoes isn't gonna teach it's time
for adventure damn it your nod to the
engineer who sighs the transporter fires
up atomizing the away team and then you
lose all contact with them I don't know
bad news and she stumbles forward
feeling disoriented they've been dropped
right back in the transporter room the
transporter engineer looks surprised to
see them oh I didn't know you were out
she grumbles why try to be movin get
some forget the mission yeah yeah yeah
all right this is not the cat clearly
not a worthy cause the transporter
didn't take them anywhere and as far as
bad news and shoes is concerned that's a
better outcome than being sent somewhere
random everyone heads back to their
quarters turning to their quarters bad
news and shoes opens the door to
discover their bed is already occupied
by bad news and shoes hmm distressingly
the doppelganger doppelganger seems to
have fallen asleep reading a book bad
news is on the bed with shoes search the
room get to know the doppelganger attack
the imposter and these are your stats
with the crew member you tech
well I guess we should go with the
search the room they stuns all right you
don't have to base your decisions solely
on what the most sensible outcome is the
thing to do is you could you could do
whatever the heck you want we're
searching the room yeah all right
they're making we're using we're using
sense oh by the way for these missions
we lose crew members but that's the
that's the positive outcome which means
these get progressively harder as you
lose crew there are subtle changes all
around but the curtains have dinosaurs
on them this can't be bad news and shoes
room
they hate dinosaurs suddenly Daljit
chandi kicks in the door and sprains
their ankle that would be me my morning
started it's very they turned a little
piles Clarys middle of the night II
investigation verifies this isn't your
ship the indestructible too but the
informal to a forceful acting ship from
a mirror universe where everyone has red
eyes the away team Huddle's up and plans
their next move investigate this
dimension take them down this is too
freaky beam back you tell me you tell me
you do you look at me I'm the one who
needs the input
investigate investigate this dimension
alright alright
everyone here has red eyes but as far as
bad news and shoes knows there is no
provable connection between red eyes and
evil plants oh I hear a doorbell the
team decides to go undercover to learn
more about this world could it be jack
okay so what's clear the away team needs
to find a way to learn more specifics
about this ship and its crew before
taking action but how should they go
about doing that hello oh I didn't know
you had a bit I just said I was gonna do
a whole bit people-people look towards
the door I just turned and said hello I
just there's this camera it was it was
instinct I just there was no camera but
I came in the door
and I had my finger over my lips in a
shushing type fashion gosh darn it what
was the bit Jack this is my sister hi
Katie this is Jack he's not always this
rude only for comedy sake alright so
study from a distance rough some what up
go undercover I don't know yeah yeah hey
guys it was clearly me that ruined
whatever bit you had in mind they were
innocent I can move over to the middle
and you could sit here if you want you
don't have to sit on the floor I'm gonna
go for go undercover go undercover
alright good thing bad news and she's
bought a super-sized box of sunglasses
that on Megamart everyone on the away
team will look suspicious well you know
they don't have realize I got to do what
they got to do everyone on the away team
Dunn's a pair to hide they're not
and mingles among the crew this is Orion
trail I don't like this I don't like
this I don't like this no super bad
super pad entire away team Dyess
sunglasses were never invented in this
dimension
red eyes are naturally Sun resistant the
away team gets interrogated about their
strange and unnecessary eyewear
sadly the team isn't the tea was
terrible at improvising HP assuming this
characters HP o-o he's got 3 HP minutes
he could die he could die
everyone on the ship from crew to
captain is a mirror universe mirror
version of those bad sorry I can't read
everyone honest everyone on the ship
from crew to captain is a mirror version
of those bad news and shoes new aboard
the indestructible - while there is no
evidence of evil plans any opposite of
their beloved captain has to be bad news
stop these doubles time to go home okay
hello hello everybody can you hear me
you can you can hear that's too loud it
sniff great sorry great hold that like
on your no it's gonna it's gonna it's
gonna look like an uncomfortable
codpiece for most of the evening because
it will sit on my lap hi is what you
call it it's my little it's it's all but
it's it's a Rob sitting on my lap so
it's uncomfortabie uncomfortable for all
of us more like a prosthesis now it's on
my leg what's the volume like compared
to everyone else chat what are we
thinking do we need to Jack Jack up yeah
or do we need to turn them down right
what is the chat saying
they seem to they just think it's fun
okay everything's fine great that's
perfect
I left my water over here this is nice
because I can take it with me so now
we're doing it from now on
so how you feeling about this whole no
there we go
hi as soon as he gets his digital dick
properly exactly I'm sorry can I believe
they prefer more mana so you're talking
to strangers on the Internet it's a new
experience that's very positive you'll
have gained six crewmen how do we do
that by choosing do we bring more people
back with us apparently maybe it was
another transporter accident I don't
know maybe we'd already written them off
as lost until the fact that they came
back at all that was like a pasta dough
yeah you expected everyone to die in
that Trevor came back Master Chief says
it's a don't know that smart again but
it's a metal ride on my lap and I'm
happy to see you it's true I am happy to
see everyone you know what it's just
nice to get out of the house that's I
like your shirt with this long nap all
day sleep all night party never that's
my life so you want me oh is that a
Scooby Doo reference that's clearly a
Scooby Doo reference strange things are
suddenly happening aboard the ship
objects are moving by themselves you
hear knocking church bells screaming and
laughter that doesn't appear to be
coming from anywhere you might be
infested with a Space Ghost
your orders do you call the ghosts out
call a paranormal expert or go ghost
hunting
do call that go stop go hey you punk-ass
ghost get off my ship what's going it
outright doesn't join you call them up
you haven't joined the crew remember now
you go they can go out in space and do
stuff that's a great idea
Chad I I did say I was watching WWDC
today I don't know angrily you order the
ghost to show itself you're sick of this
and wanted to end now who looks at you
sadly that's the last straw
they have no choice but to relieve you
of duty since you've been seeing and
hearing things that aren't there you
enjoy long stay at twinkle star states
to get healthy again - one Bravo I like
the way you say bravo Bravo because then
it sounds like you're speaking a foreign
language
they were spelling it in the chat with a
do ugh at the end
bravado yeah Brava doh it's like you
know like a restaurant or something a
good day for pizza doing Bravo dough are
you doing it they do keep random or
random pink that one that one because
you keep your options open the shirts I
wear in stream don't I go into my
spreadsheet though cuz you know we do
that more often but I do keep a
spreadsheet of shirts that I wear on
official red letter media shows to make
sure that I don't double up on them and
that is a perfectly normal thing that's
fine thing I'm wearing a new shirt I'm
wearing a shirt that they have never
seen before and the camera's not on
that's it so they can't see my new shirt
pretty excited about it not everybody
wants to be on camera all the time I
know no no I think it's great that we're
not on camera mostly because now that
there's four of us it's a madhouse it's
a matter the logistics of us being Frank
that would be a nightmare oh yeah if we
tried to get all of us in one camera
shot we'd all be so tiny you'd see more
of the room than you would of us so it's
okay but you would be lost in a force of
VHS anyone interrupting me for 200
points you won second place in a beauty
contest
food and fuel hey that is not that
monopoly reference that beauty contest
gives us a feel so yes is funny because
usually you win a beauty contest by not
eating food so if you're really hungry
good job you can eat now these
polynesian beauty contest
here's the thing though if you eat after
buying a beauty item list then Donald
Trump yells at you criticize them for
putting ketchup on a steak but you can
criticize them for that okay did you
hear about the well done
I know it's like it's like it's travesty
it like meat murder like like meat meat
might be murder but like well-done is
murder any and who cares that he's just
a horrible man in general anyone who
cooks and like he goes to nice steak
houses to and he gets some well what
kind of monster seriously oh I'm sorry
I'm sorry I started this it was it was
to the fruit was hanging right in front
of me it's right there I had to grab him
and now we're here and now yeah now I've
ruined I kicked us all out of paradise
pretty much congratulations hour and a
half on hollow calls with admiral
armstrong it's clear that this thing is
gonna keep dragging out you've got to
find a way out of this holiday isn't
hang up or fame interference
interpreting have your arms and the rear
end
no no somebody just said that they like
medium rare a little bit bloody and I
said I'm with them I like medium rare
leaning toward rare oh yeah especially
if you like you know you go to a nicer
Steakhouse yeah that's the that's the
flavor the juice the the closest that
the closer an animal is to being alive
the better it tastes rich and I both
grew up in households where with the
mother / grandmother my mother his
grandmother that's someone who was born
her mother and their grandmother yes but
probably evolved time travel but or an
edifice where things were steaks were
cooked to the point where your jaws
would get tired and they had no flavor
and later on in life realizing what
steaks are actually so yeah I used to
thought why do you why do people like
steak I don't know it's terrible it's
terrible because I I'd only ever had
steaks that were horribly overcooked
yeah you know no are you immediately
right I mean if you had probably ground
meat not so much steak have you had
properly cooked a mistake though I have
you only had it well-done
I've mostly had it well-done and if I
have to eat steak I heart it well-done
but I have tried medium get over the
visual like especially like the rare
rare when it it looks like wrong bloody
yeah
I can see that but that's you know I
used to be a butcher and so I just you
know this I know you were a wedding DJ
was this shocking if he hadn't a jack of
all trades and master of none
I've had many literally jobs all trades
but I was a butcher for a couple years
and I just love meat and eating it so
here's a tip from this time it's lupus
hey guys just got in from work rich is
this the sister you have to thank for
your introduction to the Star Wars
Holiday Special
that matter you ever been be the other
one well one of the other ones the other
one that we have in common
yeah yes that would be the one a mutual
sister
is this is this the one that showed you
the the bad anime didn't you say you
like a sister showed you an anime that
was uh that was a little too adult that
one no I was that was an especially
abled person I'd befriended in high
school oh okay how am I getting my
stories across yeah you're getting
across you're getting the holiday
special crossed with the other story
that's probably friendly enough to him
he was a nice guy and then one day he
gives me that you go to woods through
this and bring it home and I want to
talk about he did a he's a pretty good
artist and he did a poster in high
school and it had a dragon for like
homecoming and this guy went in like Jew
rather poorly extra fingers because I
guess my dry Tolkien the universe or
whatever dragons have a different who
knows dragons has three three four
fingers I'm up three use hi Dragutin uh
trio
polar random do you need hull f6 I've
only lost two since we started okay how
did how did Jack rich mix-up richest
sister with a mentally challenged person
that's a great question with because
mystery because their mutual sister is
over educated if anything else finally
his other sisters got dr. Anderson life
I figure she went through enough school
for both of us she wasn't like nine or
ten years and I won for like nine months
that's a perfectly normal amount of
higher education vocational rotational
trade school whatever she went to eight
billion years of school and wrote a book
yeah about like evil Christianity or
something I'm even uh much earlier than
medieval well no I mean it's no
Christianity ad is zero
Ogden's yes I suppose she is yeah yeah
yeah that's that's a little over my head
for me to be commenting on lost one
attack except that he's not a doctor
Evans because she's no longer in Evans
but I guess she would have been said of
course for savings nice
sensors show a massive vessel
approaching and all channels are jammed
with a catchy tune it's at a Mega Mart
superstore galaxy for ships can't repel
bargains of this magnitude can you do
Ackbar galaxy for ships can't repel
bargains it's the magnitude we can't
fire and this says I'm going to make
customer Oh with big Bravo doe I owe
rich go with the joke man yes and it was
the best that was supposed to be that's
all you know that's all I can offer
that's all we did I don't remember him
saying anything else nothing memorable
anyway plus 30 food yeah burnt steaks
are great political metaphor meat
salesman market eating steaks well done
so that the people who fall for it would
gladly pay by bad raw products since
they move they will prepare it ruined
anyway that's it look that's how you
know if you ever go to a restaurant and
they don't ask you how you want your
burger cooked or your steak cooked
out because they don't have quality meat
like if you go to a restaurant and you
say like oh I want my I want my
hamburger medium medium-rare and they go
oh no we or we only cook our hamburgers
at this temperature do whoa whoa get out
like food poisoning is a potential
concern - especially with hamburger
because they just give you a warning and
like on your own head be it there is a
quality concern if they if they don't
think their meat is good enough to serve
at a certain temperature
tis a chance milord that number food may
contaminate the bowl that's okay that's
okay be wary of what you eat I need meat
scrape from the seat sire well it's like
you don't need if you if you go to like
like a Culver's or like a like a quick
burger shop that the shack that have the
super thin patties you don't really need
to worry about that because that's
cooked all the way through in seconds
rest rest
you still 30 food points is that like
Blowfish or something no no okay we
can't spare the food Hootie Hootie and
the Blowfish
are we still chatting with locals if you
don't make it right or some ride and
it's supposed to make your tongue tingly
I've never had it
I enjoy fish for fish is that makes your
tongue tingling so what is it like
eating Ambus all or something it's like
it's slightly poisonous and so it's
supposed to make your mouth tingle okay
so why don't you just get some raw sushi
and and unload about a third of a on one
of those containers and and the solvent
eating stuff and just call it and then
go good really just get some donuts and
cover it in an - Sol and you're good to
go
I enjoy super-shield ur+ bravado Brevard
oh we get plus Brevard Oh plus whole
- we toss tactics isn't it oh wait no
you're right
you're right it says I put your lungs
out active we don't know what any of its
gonna cost we don't know what any
paralytic can you like like put somebody
on a respirator
until it clears everyone around huh
everyone all right
bartender grins we'll all right of
course you'll need to pay for it somehow
look you over
boss drink - now why do all these people
have like crazy deep voices I mean she's
like well alright accordingly you'll
need to pay for it somehow I think we do
spare crew yeah what's yeah yo was that
mean you're so you're starting to run
low for yellow let's sell some of her
crude to slavery so that we can buy
round of drinks for everyone in the bar
kind of monster are you
bartender shrugs and you buy a round for
the bar you're so popular right now yay
now see if we get fuel sure yes we can
yeah we're not gonna play Star Trek VR
we don't have any other no we don't have
any how do we get credits hey Pierre
Jules we don't have a VR setup oh we so
don't really care about VR I was reading
we have a sir we seem to be picking up
food early you are we do read it and
then feel like fuel it's probably
important I need two credits they say
that you should sell or 22 or food or as
food do you have an option to eat your
crewman because I mean that would be
like Ozzy converges probably Zanardi
Garner's the slave trade now we're going
to talk about cannibalism rate in
account you have a surplus of one in a
shortage of the other I think carrots
are trying to be supplying the man like
you want to sell your crew to get money
and use that money to buy food when you
could skip a step well exactly you know
it's like it's like
conversion rate you know like like you
know the middleman you know everybody
takes a cut so just eat your crewman buy
the food direct from the people who you
kill together yes go down our party
exactly what I like I'm not gonna say
anything bad about a Donner Party
reference edge friend I already like a
Donner Party we need one more coin to
buy fuel how many crew do we lose two -
yeah
all right 50 fuel Z gotten I believe Jay
has talked about manborg sorry I'm Chet
I don't think we're gonna do manborg on
the show because Jay says is too good of
a movie so I'm best of the worst that
was that you can continue now rich well
no I'm sorry Frank that's fine that's
fine I interrupt you I'm trying I'm
trying to play a game during her yeah I
know and I tried to I interrupted you
but I think technically I was looking
first so really you you know what's fine
it's fine
together a transporter accident turns
the away team and the delicious
hamburgers that might happen in this
game I would not put it past this game
what a cosmic cholera how's that
different than no it's in space yes all
right
that's all right it'll be fine Willie J
says hello ladies and gentlemen it's
wonderful to hang out with you tonight
can Jack try a Doc Brown impersonation I
thought I heard it while he did his
akbar it would be very the libyans oh
it's like Hank Hill a little exhausted
damn it damn it Marty oh so no
apparently by the way I can't go on
speed OOP something wrong with gravity
in the future Bridget does a pretty good
they want you to do Bain with a I know I
do they had too much I
the new segment villain it was in the
movie The Dark Knight Rises did you see
that one he's up again she saw begins
she did not see the Dark Knight you know
what begins it's kind of weak yet if you
didn't want to see I mean dark guy is
really good but I could see someone
after after begins like which is by the
way kind of a weak movie The Dark Knight
though mostly because entirely because
of Heath Ledger that's was the best
voters a lot of things fantastic he was
like the best Joker ever well Mark
Hamill is the best joke ever but Heath
Ledger in the known universe you know
for live-action Joker's live action ya
know cuz in the third one there's a
character named Bane and his giant
ridiculous thing on his face
that's what Bane talks like that's my
Bane impression and that's his voice for
the entire movie and it's annoying as
crud something he's talking to his hands
yes it sounds exactly he has a giant
thing on his face oh that guy yeah and
like they put him they put his voice
really high up in the mix to make him
seem like a little more powerful so he
basically sounds like he's talking
through a toilet favorite - that's
exactly what Cesar Romano is the perfect
Joker says the chat for the era Cesar
Romero's Joker is spot-on he nailed like
sure like fifties comic book Joker which
is what that was
yeah oh my god there's a four lights
reference what's on a routine visit to
the science lab you come upon two
scientists having a very heated argument
about how many lights there are in the
lab
one scientist swears there are three the
other claims there are four lights you
see four lights this isn't a debate
there are four lights or gently help the
scientists see his error is this the
Picard
this is totally a reference to that you
know it yeah the Picard torture episode
yes yeah this is this like a two plus
two equals five there was a next-gen
episode where card gets captured by the
Cardassians and they they torture him
for a considerable Kim Kardashian or the
Cardassians okay who don't have a
reality show culture reference Karen ten
points so they torture Picard and picard
the card doesn't know this but like
Starfleet they've already handled the
diplomacy the Cardassians are getting
ready to let Picard go
but the Cardassian who's been torturing
him he has to get one over on Picard so
even though Picard doesn't know he's
about to be released the Cardassian you
gosvami says you know what you can even
live a life of luxury here you know
we'll set you up in a nice house you'll
eat meals we'll discuss literature but
you just have to look at those of those
four lines up there and tell me there
are three lights he has to break Picard
and it's a fantastic episode you know it
might be worth it that's that's the
whole thing all I gotta do is lie about
what in the satellite but he just he
just wants to break him it's a fantastic
episode right but Picard is an honest
man who doesn't want to be broken by his
enemy right what do you do you know what
he does he said there are four whites
scientist who says her three whites he's
just wrong you decide to show his error
and support the other scientist because
she's in the right through careful
questioning during a productive working
working lunch with a lavish buffet you
realize they're both right there are
four lights but only three are on one
bulb is burnt out everyone shakes hands
and that's the end of that dear
but you don't Chuck corn you shuck corn
shuck buy you could you couldn't throw
corn but you know you shuck corn here do
you know that hack BOTS not a real
person so well no but you are actually
incorrectly correcting it that is a
reference to I growing it and during the
summers my brothers and sisters and I
had to play a game called corn tag where
we would go out into the cornfields and
chuck corn at each other you do mean
Chuck I do yes we would you know because
you do shuck corn but no we would chuck
corn at each other and try to get a shot
so I guess what you have to get your
facts straight before you try to correct
a robot I will keep that in mind
yep robots they don't make errors all
right random borough of green stars
being supposedly rare we've already
encountered like three of them yeah you
know doesn't seem that rare after all
it's a game you need to shut the hell up
about the pink think I'm a colleague but
if a woodchuck could chuck corn yeah how
many corns a corn can't take it any more
you divert resources no science team to
turn off the annoying indicator light
that has been flashing on your dashboard
for the last light year minus one
science oh god I'm sorry
Chan I know like if some of you want me
to talk about WWDC but no one else here
is an apple person and so I have to it's
the World Wide Developers Conference the
Big Apple kind of it's it's like a
special gathering of people who make
applications for iPhones and iPads and
Macs and they'll get together and at
this convention Apple shows off all of
their new products they talk about the
new software that's coming out it's
basically a giant Apple circle-jerk and
because I'm a huge Apple fanboy I watch
it every year it's two of these a year
and I watch it every year and they
announce new I iMac pros they tell you
what what they're gonna take away back
yes it took away the headphone jack
we're gonna take away the screen bag oh
wait they already took away by the way
that was a shuffle they did take away
the screen they took away the all the
buttons to whether they had the mini
shuffle oh yeah yeah
there's a new driving mode for your
phone that literally turns off your
screen while you're driving so you can't
be distracted cuz you're not a grown-up
what are you a passenger
there's a little button that says we
have no and of course you can disable oh
if you don't engage the SOS is somebody
but it's some fun products they they
they announce they're gonna take away
the battery next just take it away we
doesn't gonna have to use it you got to
plug it into your car you have to walk
we're gonna we're gonna have fun yeah
bye generators so every time you walk
you have to generate power it's for your
health it's for your health
absolutely I love it yeah nothing
nothing an incredibly special iOS 11
looks really neat show me something the
iMac no I just I forgot to switch out
the title and what game were using the
the home pub is ridiculously overpriced
as is all Apple products they really
done any other than that other than that
watch which heavy lackluster reception I
know they sold a lot of them but other
than the watch have they done anything
new other than we are courageous we took
away the headphone jack but if they done
anything new in like the last five years
or so I mean even the watch there were
other watches on the course now now the
Apple watch is the best-selling watch
device because a lot of people have
Apple because Apple they they do well
there's a lot of behind the scenes stuff
like there they they have created a new
way to program and a lot of people are
starting to use Swift which is their
programs Frank
it's a lot easier to use and of course
there are actual benefits this other
than like planned obsolescence for their
hardware exactly like you know there
their tech people and you know they've
done a lot of good work as far as like
the digital assistant gomes of course
now google and amazon and they've
definitely innovated in various times
the ipod was revolutionary in its day
the ipad yeah the iPhone the iPhone was
on absolutely all of them were right all
of them have been out for a while and
all of them have been cloned and I'm
just wondering if they've done anything
yeah now a lot of their new products are
basically kind of better and slightly
most or slightly better but definitely
more expensive versions of things that
already exist okay and now we're gonna
make it 12 inches yeah we have our pad
we'll make it a little bit smaller it's
like now we have the Amazon echo which
is this personal assistant speaker that
everyone loves we're gonna make our own
and we're gonna call it the home pod and
it's gonna have better speakers but
instead of costing $180 it's gonna cost
three hundred and fifty dollars in
Amazon said okay we've got ours it was a
hundred eighty we'll drop in 230 oh and
by the way here's one that's fifty and
it's Black Friday you want it for 35
exactly so it was an so they're tablets
and things as commodities and an Apple
sells them is like a premium product and
a buy in their universe is their
ecosystem which I'm a part of like you
know so anyway it was it was a little
lackluster WWDC but it's always fun just
to hear about the stuff because of
course I will be continuing with my a
lot of a new software seems fun they've
added a file structure I was like oh no
he was a second wind notes already do
that couldn't you and weren't there any
posts any any I mean I can do that on my
tablet with with a you download one of
many browsing oh yeah but now they're
integrating it into the software and so
you know they're making their own
integrated you know you don't have to go
into
and really it's it's a file system like
everyone has had on their computers for
the past 20 years but they're blurring
the lines between what does an iPad and
what is the computer which is really
neat and so can I say my sister just won
her first ever game winning you did it
we were starving yeah but you didn't
starve to death still alive that happens
I like it yeah I think eventually just
you just lose you lose what you were out
of food you start bleeding long obituary
isn't it sold the bartender's join
starvation nation I think it just
repeats it's why it seems yeah it was
pretty it's so pretty long yes
congratulations
we don't see much lose this game so you
know for your first run that's that's
not bad and no no one got space
dysentery probably either makes you grow
an extra head or the Hessian
somebody did have space cholera or
cosmic cosmic that sounds horrible
cholera itself is pretty horrible with
cosmic cholera does it come out of your
pores or something yeah
there is organ trail that's the the
zombie version of Oregon Trail this is a
this is a whole sub-genre like Oregon
Trail but right the sub-genre yeah
alright I need a I need a drink I need
the app is a problem really
we have a nitro we have a magic button
mute the mics and hit our magic button
