Episode 118
Sunday the 11th(Part 2)
July 21, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CPDZeEcJrc
___________________________________________

did you know did you not pause the
stream oh I didn't touch anything I
didn't hit any buttons
why would I with the button do you
suppose you said you wanted to take a
break you're supplyin now that we're
just staring
luckily we didn't say anything or do
anything too embarrassing it was hell
yeah okay hey everybody welcome that was
you know that's great oh wait playing
this and you run in front of the car
that's trying to escape yeah your ass is
gonna get run over
oh absolutely abso-fucking-lutely we've
hearing at the room yeah person I'm
playing at is great for playing alone
uh-huh you can switch it if you want
yeah how do I switch I here hit the 8
button I think just do you want hot
pants well then someone else or hot
pants that's fine great yeah well you
will get your perks next round great
okay we're ready we're ready hot pants
fly attractor 11 says Rich's opinion
best / most fun Jason to play worst uh I
don't have like excessive amounts of
experience with all of the Jason's I
don't I don't think six is part six is
that bad okay
part three I end up using a lot because
he's got a trot it was slightly faster
move speed right I know we're talking
about worse I'm not too fond of of seven
does anyway I tried that one once or
twice I had a horrible match so I found
the Pamela tapes No
tomatoe medicines what horror game would
you rather see next Nightmare on Elm
Street predator child's play or
leprechaun predator predator that makes
for the best game oh yeah it doesn't
even need to be a horror game oh yeah
just a honey it'd just be a hunting game
where you hunt people they needed but
multiplayer doesn't even need to be more
just like I yeah yeah a really good
single-player predator were you you're
in like a war zone
predator goes like the Middle East or
just classic predator like you're in the
jungle hunting people
yeah predator game would be great going
against some kind of like paramilitary
group yeah yeah predator
hello so if he grabs me what do i what
do you mean I just know it should be
automatic okay you can you mash some
buttons if you want but I'm pretty sure
it's just automatic outright okay cool
how do you fight back is the humans
though make it a single-player game or
you just play as the predator and mow
down a bunch of people with machine guns
in the jungle there is a boat there is a
boat in this level what do you have I
have nothing but there is a boat you
gotta play the hand you're dealt like if
you find a propeller yeah or a gas tank
then you can think about the boat until
then see what you find look if you find
the fuse your best bet might be to oh
you'll find all the good shit Jack I
have firecrackers already this is heart
is actually a hard decision I also have
a health kit here I know you have one of
all of the nice things to have I'm gonna
keep
I don't know about a campaign only
predator seems like the character is
pretty overpowered that's why you have
him fighting an army it wouldn't be the
first game where you had superpowers and
you killed people who didn't win that
crisis oh sure sure
like listen the game the game want the
games want you to feel like the big
powerful bad guy or the big powerful
person right like not bad guy just any
the game a game wants you to feel
powerful like who cares if you're
overpowered from a predator game with
like Batman stealth yeah you know
there's your propeller Jack a predator
game with Arkham stealth only instead of
like knocking people out like the
stealth moves like rip their heads off
uh-huh and you get like traps you can
set like nets that come up and slice
people and the jugs now you're talking
my near the boat I'm kind of near the
boat finish exploring these houses the
tech division would finally make sense
yes they're scared scared doing
okay so your for zig zag zig zag okay
he's going after someone I'll have your
health sprite huh you have your health
spray left and right the deeper you go
looks that boat yeah mmmm
yeah there's oh I see it my dad he's
gonna go fight some other people check
out this boat situation oh okay it
didn't like that agonised Kendall says
Jack yeah you used a frag check
controller and strafe now how did you
find it
I use a PS nav controller for the same
purpose but the software needed to make
it work is problematic is the frag chuck
worth about I think it's slightly
uncomfortable yeah it's nuts on the on
the front aren't necessarily the most
ergonomic yeah for me it works great but
oh
she's terrible at preparing just
concentrate and do this right you don't
want to learn
oh they're getting away in a car he's
distracted
my babies I'm sorry not that distracted
not that distracted where's he going I
don't know how that jerk is not going
after the car
Oh somebody asked me a question earlier
if I had managed to hurt Jason yep and
we're gonna watch Jack die
nope coconut back is Tommy Jarvis baby
doll eyelashes let's go baby
baby doll eyelashes sheesh it's hogging
it she said she ship ship talking you
jack yeah
she has pretty good standing that's
that's like shit that was an amazing
like a lot of come out of teleport oh
look at she's a pretty good Jason yeah
that's great
first of all that was great kill and I'm
gonna be okay with that yeah alright so
somebody was asked me earlier yeah if
I'd managed to get a Jason kill and I
gave the bizarre answer ish yeah I was
playing him and we're working towards
kill and we got his mask off okay and
the Jason kind of ruined it by he just
wanted to see what the kill was like so
after we got the mask off it just kind
of worked with us oh well that's just
fuckin fantastic isn't it so you gotta
kill but it wasn't necessarily earned
right it could have been is the sad
thing sure but then the Jason was like
oh I kind of want to see this too
hey buddy how's it going what is this
can do better than dead by daylight
they like being a lot of people just
running in and out of fucking windows
and that's not necessarily the case here
because you can break the windows and
the windows broken you take damage going
through it mm-hmm that's one of the
major ones I remember right escaping and
dead by Don just required like hitting a
button by some generators oh yeah
there's a lot more to escaping in this
plus the optional kill also killing us
Jason is more fun you don't have to do
that weird to hook him on the fucking
thing oh yeah which is always like 30
feet away and they struggle out of your
way before you get there so for those
three reasons
I remember that killing people in death
by daylight was was a real pain in the
ass it never felt good to kill them it
was it was a chore yes yeah yeah those
three reasons I like those better than
dead by daylight the three fine reasons
this isn't even a game though it's a
fucking $40 demo um I'm not gonna argue
that I couldn't use like some more maps
that were the nice yeah a few more maps
I like it I like it the the option to
rebind your keys would be amazing just
putting that out there for anyone who's
developing this game the option to
rebind keys would be amazing
but all in all it seems to work all
right most of the time I mean most of
the time every game has its clutches
and yeah and they will be having a
single-player campaign which could be
interesting so you know maybe worth it
maybe not it's a gas in there they don't
well oh no they'd see on their map that
the propeller is put on the boat
okay none of us hey guys any thoughts on
the recent passing of Adam West oh what
a great fun Batman yeah it's always sad
when somebody dies but he's I mean he's
also he was an old man he's of the age I
don't know if you can call it a tragedy
right not that it isn't sad not that I
wish him any kind of ill obviously of
course but yeah he's had he's had a fine
career a fine career fine life and by
the way a really fine late in life
career yep
you know god I got a little boom
voicework boom and that was nice oh yeah
so yeah good I mean you know Adam West
he he lived the life that we any one of
us could hope to leave I have no
particular like strong hearted love of
his Batman I mean I liked it yeah
alright but it's not like it I
appreciate it for us of course but it
like it didn't it wasn't like
life-changing for me as I guess I'm
saying that for some people that is like
the only Batman it's a guy's find I
remember I loved it when I was too young
to realize that it was
naanum says dear rich my boyfriend is
jealous of you specifically yep probably
because of your mad trap strats and
handsome lazy beard it's all that trap
strats can you tell him damn you should
be worried all right then here Godfather
42 says it was a neat surprise to hear
rich in the end is nigh trailer hey
that's right any idea how much of the
game itself easily I don't know for it
it's more than just what's in the
trailer I am going to be doing some some
voiceover for some like some cutscene II
type things few miscellaneous line rich
will be the voice of I'm the protagonist
the main character throughout the game I
don't think you're gonna like hear me
constantly during the ones that's that's
a bonus feature in the game if you if
you hit the Konami code later I'd love
to talk him into just me saying oh fuck
whenever you die I would love that so
much oh fuck yeah what I'm thinking is
like if you enter the Konami code during
the during the menu screen it's just
nonce it's all the rich outtakes
non-stop while you're playing to see if
you can like add a level of difficulty I
know I don't think I'm gonna be able to
talk him into that well no probably not
he probably wisely deduced every bit
annoying extremely fast
play that game on stream proudly I'll
tell you this I'm certainly not going
with you all right
we cannot review the game you try oh he
is that oh man he's kind of stuck what
we talked about the Neill Blomkamp thing
we talked about yep and we show up early
they show up early start you had a
certain starting time we already talked
about it and we had some reason show
more we had some exclusive revelations
about the Neill Blomkamp situation that
will not be repeated come early come
often that's what we say oh thank you
thank you for tiberius third linking to
the end is nigh trailer it's been it's
been a very interesting experience
recording dumping all this boy stuff
it's been fun we we have keys to the
game I haven't played it I have you know
what I haven't got another keys don't
even say that because able to expect the
stream before it's out Oh fucking way we
can through that we're playing by the
rules
he didn't explicitly say no but there's
no I have enough common sense to realize
that be terrible idea
yes yes yes by the same valuation and
binding of issac and Gish and Gish
he's been on he's been on stream before
that's right that wasn't because I was
going to do voice boy that didn't come
up until later that didn't come up too
much later actually no he's just I you
know I know through kind of the
grapevine that he is a fan of the best
of the worst and he was just like hey
can I come on stream and talk about
movies with you guys
we of course said of course come and
talk to us we're cool with that stream
it now nope I will guarantee you that I
mean Chad told me that just 5 mins left
he's pretty good talking and running at
the same time this guy's a professional
he's way better than us standing in his
own firecrackers we should play it early
as it don't look as it comes out in
about a month
yes and we should have some familiarity
with the gameplay to not look like jumps
yes we will I'll get your sorry that's
my phone I'm Rich's agent in this I'm
been brokering all the deals and so I
haven't gotten which the the keys yet
because I'm waiting for him to sign an
exclusive contract with my agency it's
called the rich Evans agency in which I
only work with rich Evans and so far
it's it's not working out well for me
really screwed on that sandwich
goddammit that's an old reference that
nobody remembers they're very confused
right out I remember that's all that
matters that's all that matters
what do you think about the OG xbox
getting backwards compatibility with the
Xbox one doesn't affect me at all
I guess it's great fun if you only the
next watch one and original Xbox games
you're outside nothing bad to say about
it right you're scary right great like
Xbox one has been adding a ton of that
like 360 and the original backwards
compatibility which is great but this
days doing fairly well but like also to
be playing this while talking to people
I would hide he's got a he's got a kill
a minute in 30 seconds I'd hide the bed
you think but Jason knows he's in there
yes but it might take Jason longer than
a minute to search all of the fucking
movies because he's gotta go for the
full animation oh sure I totally would
have hit these surrogate to help out you
get your stamina mall the way yeah start
running yeah then at that point maybe
you got like twenty seconds left and you
got a fair shot at making it mad strats
Rich's got the mad strats mind if I just
take this out would it be good
I'll be sucking shit why are there so
many more popular games on stream and
Stephen twitch right now oh yeah well
it's a fun Graham to stream know as a
great streaming game there's all sorts
of fun little stories you can tell when
playing this game to make him walk
through right please kill me on the
stump with a guy be stuck yeah it's only
right it's all way to right kill me on
the stump what's happening yeah I can't
believe it all they glitched
he's gonna live because of the glitch
no I think you just got outplayed what
what the heck happened at the end there
that's beautiful was that a glitch I'm
watching his room - it did get very
badly on his head oh okay well great huh
huh I mean he was doing very well
without the glitch so I'm gonna I'm
gonna say it at the end that was just
him playing well w2 says rich rich you
heard of a game called Killing Floor 2
it's an FPS we shoot hordes of mutants
with satisfying gunplay and schlock Igor
there's an event soon probably a sale
check it out vanilla can do it billions
steam games here wait wait wait just
just go out of the lobby just just go
out leave thank you now you can do it
without having to worry about the time
limit okay great
customize you can take a look at the
perk time oh great alright no perks well
look like goat or you can give her purse
okay look like go to one that has no
person oh yeah okay so then I could just
like highlight
well that's clothing that's going like
yeah like pick a slot and these are all
the different ones I have they do
different things so neat psychic start
with a walk just start with a
walkie-talkie and you broadcast further
interesting if you're if you're working
together with people to try and kill
Jason yeah that'd be a decent one to
have you could coordinate shit
someplace bear traps easier okay oh
you're totally going with a bear trap
one are you you know I love my bear trap
I know you love the bear trap Jack love
my fucking bear traps tonight I look at
that that's that's freakin great 44 646
percent less darkness Gruber's it's
great oh wait just an insane number loss
of mini-map with high fear overall fear
is reduced but it's a low-end perk only
by 4% right right I'm seeing the
different colors and so like I can
always interesting my will sure sure
just gonna have night owl
that's what do you like well like like
if they have a high composure night all
might not be totally necessarily sure oh
sure is like few heiko or maybe you have
a high resistance to feel okay so they
all have different strengths and
weaknesses right repair status well you
you you almost nailed that repairs to
have I'm like one of the worst people
for repairing things yeah I did you
might not need to worry about repair
strategy I'm just good at that minigame
I'm great at repairing shit yes oh okay
I want that I want stamina recharge
I want see increase weapon durability
okay it's fine if you're going for a
kill right
I don't know that is super useful
otherwise for me to to use from that's
not bad that's not bad I like that and
then the map one is start with a map
right oh you know what's you know what's
good yeah you're uh go back in into the
perks okay see the one with a wrench the
one with the wrench the monkey look at
that
42% car start time decreases oh sure
thanks for the car
I have never managed to make use of that
one yet that was super fucking useful if
you get all the car shit of course of
course
alright I think I'm gonna go this I'm
gonna go Jenny Meyers night owl to use
medical and reach stamina recharge
increase we're gonna see what that
what that works for now I'm gonna
customize my Jason yeah what Jason you
want to use I've got them all at this
point me except for that one DLC one
that's only available to backers let's
see here he can run
he's got traps and he can morph that's
great like traps Ally love traps sense
water speed grip strength all right
sevens terrible can what he's terrible
he's terrible he's terrible waste that
water speed you know I'm just I'm just
I'm just look I'm just looking at I'm
giving my my opinion water speed is
terrible hmm it's a terrible problem
Oh Jason when you can just teleport
where you want to in the water right
yeah we're gonna go we're gonna go / -
we're gonna go classic bag head Jason
what weapons Oh does he just have the
pickaxe oh yeah okay let's see oh we got
plenty of grab kills here what do we got
here we got two-handed show the three at
the bottom are gonna be exclusive to
that Jason oh it's the weapon they use
oh okay yeah we want to twist well then
we want all those right but you don't
have to have all I'm saying I want all
those okay then we got the hug maybe
Jason wants a hug
I go foots a foot stomp is pretty good
we've seen it on the stream before I'm
quite fond of punched through the chest
I mean right hard punch nice nap you
know what we're just going for a classic
hug Jason wants a hug okay great spawn
preference oh no no I'm fine I'm fine
either way
confirm hey Jason huh you know you don't
get to place Jason that much even with
that selected yeah but I'm not I'm not
comfortable enough with Jason yeah like
I don't want to be Jason and I have
everyone get away and I know I got
education and then everyone says this
Jason sucks it's like I don't want to
feel like you're just Jason just fucking
relax fucking relax
hey guys have you ever played trump 2.0
I love trying point-to-point over
I haven't streamed it yet but I've
played it and liked it
head cept great alright here we go
and ready rebel base says hey guys I
just watched indie game the movie yeah
Edmonds seemed cool and the guy who made
the witness seems like he has his head
up his ass also will people be sad when
Bill Cosby dies has he fucked up his
legacy that much
some people will asterisk there's gonna
be that man will forever he's it yeah
have an asterisk next to anything that
happens asterisks asterisk Bill Cosby
never convicted Jack huh never convicted
of anything trial just started did it
yeah I haven't been followed oh there's
the trial just started this is the first
I've even heard about them starting a
trial it's all been accusation
accusation accusations oh I know it it I
know it look it doesn't look good oh
yeah yeah but I believe Jack Justice
snaps oh they do absolutely no the trial
just started recently but if I had a
daughter I wouldn't let her go anywhere
near him but I believe in the American
justice system and innocent until proven
guilty jack yeah no I agree I agree with
you do you remember the Duke lacrosse
team
no I asked I asked Karen about this
recently she said are they the team that
raped that woman there this is a
high-profile case like five seven years
ago Duke lacrosse team got accused by a
stripper of so they rape her oh five of
them they were all it was all they liked
some of the people she accused were
found like on camera like miles away at
the time it happened a holy hall hold on
I got the boat propeller they all ended
up being freaking innocent like clearly
and obviously and yet people just
remember them as the rapist sure because
they got tried the media sure sure yeah
yeah I mean I could point not to be a
bastard but I could point to some some
times in which you have assumed people
are guilty without without any proof
it's wrong it's it's wrong yeah yeah
understandable people to it oh right
right hey this person brought the guys
yeah oh good well move up and let them
put them Oh guys better put him just
make sure you're the one who starts the
boat they're gonna kill me
there's no way you can take this load
out
don't do it Jenny let go of the gas down
on the deep Hut drops the gas if you
want to make sure the gas stays in the
area just get the fuck out I thought I
could make it
you're new you're new you're new jack
now Jason's just gonna be hanging out by
that boat no he's not he can't do that
he's gonna he's gonna give the car some
priority sure get distance distance he's
gonna sense your ass up there when he's
done with them you want a distance he's
gonna have to he's gonna have to worry
about a different area sooner or later
sure sure
let things calm down and go back
you find Jackie fine if I come down like
that what that charge let's damage
charge those guys were totally gonna
kill me though after after I put the gas
in that's what I'm gonna tell myself to
be okay with them dying oh that they
would have betrayed you they would have
you know they would have betrayed me
there's anything helpful over here that
I'm gonna double back to the boat while
Jason goes and does other shit is that
better than nothing Jack what is what is
wrong that a person should be considered
innocent until they are proven guilty oh
no like that's that's exactly what
everyone should be like I said I don't
want to call you out and blend out ever
everyone and everyone's done it everyone
has said Oh like that person is
definitely guilty without knowing
anything right then everyone's done it
it's it's tough in the Cosby situation
just because there are so many people
accusing and they according to reports
at least they all have very similar
stories and then you know eventually
just have to go oh wow people get
falsely accused of shit there are some
all the time what is it they got a name
there's uh there's a group that goes out
there now that nothing like genetic
testing is a thing yeah they have like
genetic tests done on like old cases
they've gotten some people who've been
convicted out of prison because clearly
it wasn't them because they've done the
the DNA DNA test like you know when DNA
wasn't like a thing at the time they got
convicted get better boat he's gonna
start the boat hey chart oh I have a pen
knife saw just get the bear trap okay
pick up the gas do the guess they're
gonna kill me just look at the center
and wait for the left in life holy shit
guys I literally flew across the map I
don't know what happened to that was a
thing what if you just don't understand
in one second I was in camp oh I was so
cool oh I got them no it's all right
this is your third time literally your
third game you've played all right yeah
you're fine you're fine
no I'm not
races time travel go through the window
no I'm dead at this
there was a slim chance sure and it was
worth doing
Oh fills me with them knife killed me
with the knife this can only end well
yeah thanks everybody
thank I'm not unfamiliar with the
difference between Albion RV you got to
make a call man you got to make a call
it might be easier with the mouse cuz
the right and left mouse icon well you
know you just you CL BRB you get you get
all twitchy hello hot pants nice outfit
yeah yeah
ya know and you know likes it speaking
of something like the the Duke thing
then there was that who was that other
asshole the asshole who actually like
got convicted of like attempted rape but
then the judge let him go
because he didn't want it to affect his
college you know remember I don't know
anything about you guys remember that
guy there was a there was a guy like he
got caught by a bunch of people
attempting to attempting to have sex
with an unconscious woman and then he
ran away and they're like oh yeah you
totally you were totally trying to have
sex with an unconscious woman and then
the judge let him go because he didn't
want it to interfere with his with his
like college life and then you just roll
your eyes thank a Brock Turner that
asshole yeah everybody remembers that
that was fucked
she just t-bag Jason she just teabags so
bait like basically everybody's fucked
all the time except for some people
they're not fucked
yeah you have guilty people that get
away with it you have sometimes you have
innocent people who get convicted it's
true that's true it's not it's not a
fair world that's that very poor lady
yeah that's very true and you know like
it's it's really sad you hear about like
people's convictions getting overturned
after they've already been in prison
from thirty right and just like Jesus
man
oh nice hello Oh guys it's the
possession its the possession uh-huh
then how do you believe in the American
justice system
look that's we gotta yeah I'm saying it
works perfectly I'm saying the concept
you know that you are considered
innocent of the crime until you are
guilty rather than the other way around
is a good idea that's all I'm saying I
think that's the real problem is like
that's such a brilliant concept but I
feel like a not a lot of jurors apply
that right I think we've talked about
this before the idea of of a
professional jury yeah you know like
don't don't just get 12 Schmucks who
have another job and don't want to be
there what if we just employed
professional jurors who had no you know
like weren't part of the community had
no attachment to the cases
there there are pitfalls there are no
there's pitfalls in any situation then
being buddy-buddy with like a defense
attorney the the rule for professional
jurors is they can't live in the same
area that they were okay right okay and
they get rotated corrupt yeah of course
corruption is a huge problem but
corruptions are you problem with Joe
Schmo jurors it removes the average
citizen from the justice system have you
met the average citizen and they don't
want to be a part of that justice
they're upset when they get called in
for jury duty Pelageya duty people are
dumb people are prejudiced people are
ignorant a professional jury would have
a ton of pitfalls but I just want this
is all I want for the rest of the world
prosecutors would make sure only the
right people become jurors like they do
well but you know also like if you had
professional jurors there would be a
larger screening process uncanny Kali
says the predator game exists alien vs.
predator predator vision and stealth
fighting aliens crystal kills their
weapons I think that was on sale reason
alien campaign to free Steam demo the
mall has everything this mall has
everything oh oh
mad trap threats oh didn't get it down
in town didn't get it down in time put
it down right in front of him he's gonna
know to kind of walk around he walked
right over it he just didn't get it down
in time
not a masseuse hey Richard Jack hey if
you guys crash land on an island and
we're fine yep assuming there was a
fresh water source and resources great
you think you could learn to survive and
live there thanks
he'll notice you wouldn't have much of a
choice
ketta resources are we talking about
this viable instinct is strong mm-hmm
yeah what I'm thinking what they're
saying is like if there's a fresh water
source and there's a ton of fruit trees
then you just hang on the island and you
drink the water and eat the fruit yeah
absolutely could I build shelter no I
would never be terrible at that I might
be able to back it back in the day I've
I've put some tools huh I've put some
sticks on trees before I put some sticks
on trees before so you know maybe the
answer is he maybe and I'll give that a
strong maybe I think I could survive I
think I could figure it out I've started
fire before using only sticks I've done
that are we going to stream the Bethesda
conference no wait until all this
conference shit is done yeah and then
read the bullet points and what was
announced yeah and then we can discuss
individual things and look at trailers
that doesn't sound like shelter Jack
well you know you start with sticks on a
tree then you put some stuff on top of
the sticks to keep the rain out the Sun
well Jack survived we had to start fires
with the RB and LB buttons nope nope I
always figured rich a handyman maybe for
Plinko board and the wheel is it this
big difference between as impressive as
the plain kettle board is yeah but look
behind the plate ghetto board there's a
lot of structure to that fucking thing
yeah it's very good don't like a fucking
brick shithouse is great this that's
different from building a house out
nothing nothing rich has power tools if
you don't have two lists are we stranded
with power tools and they have batteries
the batteries fully charged how many do
we have these are the important
questions no I think I could build a
simple lean-to
I could probably hunt if I had to the
the real the the the fun part would be
is how long would the food last right
like would we be able to preserve food
if there was a dry month no no right
what do we be able to fish or anything
like that no don't probably be fucked
mm-hmm not that we wouldn't try put all
the fruits you can put on the boat on
the boat and just take the boat out fuck
it
maybe maybe I think I think you know
probably you know give it a couple days
and see if any ships pass start you get
a fire going get some smoke pluming as
high as you can
right
got to take one of those survival
courses they teach them we can go like a
weekend and people to chat about start
fires with escapes and children
oh this could be me it's where we find
them Jason it's me make them pay for
what they did to us okay all right I'm
not gonna backseat game unless you
really want me to I don't think you do I
got this rich all right I got this all
right so you know oh I don't have
teleport though you do oh just you just
had started yep remember right button
right button is like the what's the word
I'm looking for like the shift activated
right activator for your powers okay so
here's the phone and here's the power I
want to hit the power right all right
I've is of you what's up - you look at
your map where'd you land from the power
okay oh I can only hold two knives no
that's not true I wouldn't grab it
yeah powers already
is it that what's behind it what it's
kind of you're right
not sure what oh oh oh that was a lot
closer to it than I thought I'll hold
down the to run like yeah oh he doesn't
have to worry about stamina he can just
do it all fucking day oh great
that's nice thing about part 2 & 3 Jason
I think they're the only ones who can do
that you're not as fast as the
counselors but it's it's certainly
better than nothing right i nobody's
doing nothing yet alright so I got that
power out so now we'll go take this
power out oh how about this power Wow oh
I've perhaps I've tracks rich yes
alright lay a trap down on the d-pad
right in front of you
we're going mad traps trap bad traps
trap brought to you by rich Evans it's a
well-placed trap jack I felt I felt
pretty good about it
still nobody I'm a sense well remember
if they're not afraid right they might
not show up I think you can run but I
think one of the trade-offs this Jason
have has I don't think his senses are as
good so the generators that's that's a
quality strap for this Jason okay why is
that
cuz that when you kill a generator that
makes things dark dark and increases
fear okay you want darkness Jack you are
the monster I feel I feel like I'm the
monster of the war you want this entire
fucking world to be filled with darkness
I don't forget about the car I will try
not to forget about the car there's one
more power thing now I'm gonna grab that
it was over here yeah that's over here
one more power I want to kill ah here we
go
all right all the power is done let's
check it on those cars one car in one
vote hood still oh hello
nope can't hit those hello my lovely Oh
someone's dead
Oh sometimes people leave sure they
starting they're not Jason throughout
like babies like whiny baby men no he's
always got a guest he's got some gas all
right
oh wait I know more rich Evan strats
rich Evans has taught me well
I see you see you
Oh son of a bitch someone fell into a
trap someone fell into a trap a car trap
I don't know I don't know see the car
trap or the phone trap
I think limping over by the car they're
probably shit they're all working
against me Kurt the car the cop oh so
many fucking crackers so wait for your
swing to swing swing this is gonna be
insane how do I kill
all of the counselors ones do it oh shit
grab them grab me in the car in the car
in the car without you close wait wait
wait no no no they gotta go the exits
are north okay so they're facing the way
you want them to shit shit
sorry that's all right I got this I got
this I got this
I don't have this by the way teleport
teleport you can teleports free get
right in front of them you're all the
help shit alright hit up on the d-pad
you know one person alive murder the
fuck out of them
ah damnit
I killed some people though so yeah I'm
pretty good about that they they swarm
the car no they oh oh yeah no there we
go well fucking rocks fuck fucking rocks
and teleport face them and just teleport
somewhere approximating oh that might be
too far
no it's there's a little red thing on
the thing I think that was something
else
no oh is that a trap
I might have better your trap gosh darn
it
all the way the other way away
okay come on come on come on come on one
more kill one mark down one more kill
hello
okay in a house your rage mode is
activated that means you can hit a to
walk through lock doors you don't have
to worry about shopping them down a
table sure
he's already out
why does this Jason look so weird
because this is what Jason looked like
and Friday the 13th of t this is
actually what he looked like it's pretty
accurate the bag that's on his head got
knocked off
community Tommy drivers I'm gonna kill
you and I think I think the matchmaking
might be putting you on high alert
oh of course you're playing on my
accountants oh of course of course
I'm not gonna fall for this trap shit
again or maybe I will
I owe a nice guns gun you can never die
get out of the door
fuck where to go out there
his stamina will eventually wear down I
think if you just keep chasing him yeah
eventually you'll be good yeah here hi
here Jason run
a lot of knives flashlights I'm walking
district that's all right
I got I got a pawn Oh hog
Jason wanna hog yes for your second time
is Jason I got three kills I'm pretty
happy with that I'm pretty happy though
again against people who had a solid
plan
oh no and they were working together
good for them good for them Jason and
log Mme uh no not me good job though
Jack yeah you know what I feel pretty
happy with them
I felt pretty happy with that like this
is this is a game that I might have to
start playing though I'll be honest with
you there's enough aiming where I kind
of wanna play with mouse and keyboard
yeah let's move you know yeah I wish you
could rebind that's the only thing
that's kept me from going full miles
incapable right but a complete lack of
ability to rebind I'm just not used to
WASD yeah yeah that's the thing that's
the thing I just got here I half
expected to find Mike playing dr. Mario
well then you don't know Mike very well
hello hello did he ever wear a sack in
any of the movies all throughout the
second one yeah the first time we see
Jason who the real thing the real well I
suppose technically if you count the
lake in the first Jason but I don't
leave right the first time you see the
actual Jason Voorhees he is wearing a
sack on his head as killer is his mother
in the first more spoiler alert for
Freddy he's 40 years old I'm seeing it
by now fuck off right second movie it's
actually Jason and he's got a bag on his
head
yep then in the third movie he finds the
ski mask the hockey mask the hockey man
yeah yeah yeah apologies you should I
mean you should you should apologize you
should absolutely apologize but yeah I
mean you know what I'm okay with beg
face I'm okay beg face Jason which one
hasn't pop out of the water as a kid
that's one but that may or may be nearly
a dream she wouldn't dream right we
don't know if that's reality or not
I just got spoiled says smiles and dies
yeah that's what you get planning I'm
watching the fucking movies the answer
is no fuck
and at this point if you haven't seen
them like what's wrong with you come on
these are classic the Friday the 13th
how much how familiar are you with
Friday the 13th others I mean I'm not a
super expert but I've seen them you know
King the guy who played Jason and four
okay I remember people were upset when
they made Freddy vs. Jason that they did
not use Kane Hodder they wanted somebody
actually taller she stand next to Freddy
is what I've what i've heard that might
be bullshit though i think there's only
like a two inch height difference
between him and the guy they ended up
casting instead oh sure but there was a
lot of cut but he didn't use kane hodder
stare a boo alright Kane Hodder no I
don't think the the freakin 10 Jason
movies they made he was he was Jason and
four of them Wow
you gonna lock me out three of them were
the worst movies in the franchise man
it's for the good of the team why are
people that upset yes people ate
everyone hates it he was Jason eight he
was in goes to hell that's one of the
worst movies I ever made
he was Jason in that huh then Jason X
which well I love it most Friday the
13th fans hate it oh yeah cuz it's not
serious so three of the movies he was
Jason in were terrible Friday the 13th
movies yeah people were really upset
when he wasn't cast in Freddy vs. Jason
I find that weird yeah yeah people would
get attached to these these unimportant
brothers this eight is Manhattan Jason's
at the main house got a walkie-talkie
I called her it's a lot of Rage into his
body movement a lot of energy bad movies
good Jason Lee I can get behind that I
can get the hammer in your body
this game just became an escort mission
for who for me yeah you're escorting me
what are they escorting you for I don't
know he just said this game just became
an escort mission and I think that might
have been to me because like that won't
you know we're all hanging around I'm
gonna I'll hang around these guys here
your lady and you didn't wear the
sweater who maybe are we working
together I'm gonna stay cup quiet here
you might need to hear a dialogue right
from other players so I'm just gonna
show Jason here
we'll go wait are we going we're going
oh I hope you didn't you might be hate
this talk your hair might be people on
the other side I'll shave him I got this
I'll save it
Jason's over here yes yes it's right
here oh we want to crop something yeah
you're holding hold down on the d-pad
okay you don't want to install that the
guy in the lower jacket does
he's got a good repair staff those guys
if you want but I mean snake though when
you're buying don't control my life let
someone else do the same okay we got
this we got this look we're all as a
team here oh shit Jason's right there oh
come on
where is the co I don't have a map hey
who's in there I know someone's in
yesterday's team system Jason then I
have to find his right
I wanna I'd feel more comfortable with a
weapon look for a mop right hi everybody
the math confined in drawers also
there's like a like a billboard you can
find on some of the maps it's got like a
yeah here you are here's where you are
you get to get a map out of one of those
what are we all doing in here yes this
up you to figure out you have a you have
a walkie-talkie and you have a shit who
the traitor Jason Momoa we gotta do
something oh yeah yeah don't worry buddy
I got my boy
apparently someone was working with
Jason hey get the black lady that's just
running out she's a traitor actually she
is he's not lying oh well there you go
okay there's no need for that
best thing you can do is just uh stay
calm and be aware of your salons right
like there's a lot of us in here to kill
so like my odds of survival are pretty
good I think they're doing a bit I think
it's actually fear who's working with
Jason Jason are doing a bit here Jason
is now like the pizza delivery guy you
gotta be forceful see so him and Jason
are like doing a routine yeah what the
trader came back with a shotgun this is
the standard that Billy holds his
company to I'm I'm sorry for you I mean
I have no idea where anything is at this
point right would you like a job
murdering all my former friends see
they're doing a bit so I'm just gonna go
off on my own my grand plan to like
stick with the group has failed because
one of one person in the group turned
out to be a dickhead you know the best
laid plans rich best laid plans we've
already been here
we just won you can just leave
you can get a promotion then I will say
I will say when this business some
buildings straight ahead and for your
facing you might be able to map in one
of them alright now how can you treat
you like that well head that way ah son
of AB or CH nope where's my which one's
my light can you drop the walkie no in
theory there's no good reason you would
ever want to in theory right right I'm
gonna go see if I can like in break
times legs except for if one of your
teammate is doing a bit with Jason
alright let's see what we can find here
then I guess like this oh that's the new
plan it's just we're gonna try to we're
gonna try to forge out on our own here
see if we can find anything useful you
know but like knowing them he's already
found good shit in there I don't know
for seating two-seat car damn it must be
two sets of keys to find if this game is
programmed same way oh of course it is
I'm sure it is looks like and it looks
like nobody's been up here so they're
busy doing their bit so we're just gonna
be over here search in and we'll maybe
we'll get lucky to make more friends via
the d-pad officer that's my problem
isn't you now that you've murdered your
former times I'm sorry I'm sure there is
use I know I'm the I'm the worst I know
but we can talk this Nick we can talk
this through
listen listen I just threw a pocketknife
but I know that's the form of endearment
it's okay I can actually show a mutual
form of respect I'm sure there's a way
we could mute button and not at the
moment I open you no need it's the phone
box oh I think he's dead oh good well
it's up to you that's fair though see I
understand that yeah I took it I'm a
fair guy I understand
goddammit he's not dead yet friends I
don't wanna I know an asbestos emergency
here but it's we're going for a little
bit of a ride here now maybe I can find
Jason's uh Oh Gavin
dude when I say were you a cop like at
the very beginning you were supposed to
tell me yes if you're a cow that's the
rule
now now I feel like yeah nobody like
climb up that's true I have dirt on this
cop now you can't kill me because I know
that your truth that you actually killed
him no no not on the coat hanger that's
too awesome not ever around this seems
like a nice secluded area is this an
exit doesn't matter unless you have the
car all right so there but yes it is
okay well now we know where an exit is
that's something oh I've seen this cabin
we can't get in that place yes so we
know that that's something doo doo doo
doo doo the far side of the road
they said obviously those three houses
have nests we have a map right I mean
further down the road I know there was
this two houses you came from but there
should be a third house around there if
you could find them the phone box right
that would solve some problems so fella
Jason's over there yeah
probably still fucking around fuck it
all right at this point like there's no
boat so I'm just gonna I mean ditch the
gas can at this point I'll need car no I
have to find a keys in it well I guess
it's all pipes possible I guess here's
another house
oh that has the radio but we already did
that right they already radio Tommy
Jarvis I don't know the phone and the
Tommy Jarvis radio can be in the same
house I would say no but I can't confirm
that Riley there's tar bad yeah I see
that yeah man hello open door we're just
kind of close you close you okay man
some of these are tracks which is
strange
nope
just made someone did a half-ass job all
right something wait you put down the
fuse oh shit oh shit all right great
I mean I still have a pocketknife so
come on
doo-doo-doo-doo off we go oh we got home
again jiggety-jig find another game it's
just after this we find another lobby
well fuck around for a little bit that
car has no battery hit those start
button to either of them none of them
you know do I don't have anything well
then we'll I was at the fuse that's fuse
okay I do that first
oh wait I have a fucking knife oh oh
walk up do it slowly yeah I don't know
if Jason still gets an alert for that he
gets another for that though yes
you go look in the house and find the
phone before he destroys it if he does
yeah you just need keys really if the
batteries in front of the car where's
the phone and here somewhere somewhere
in here could be upstairs is a big house
unfortunate like the son of a bitch it
should have some kind of floating icon
for it
son of a bitch check every room there's
a closet in their house just let into
here
never use the phone in this house I
don't know where right oh okay all right
well hey you know what this is something
we got ourselves something we can
ourselves something no there was I had
to put it down I have firecrackers
perhaps by that car
there's a battery by that car check and
see if one of those corpse corpses drop
keys right who's in this house
come out scooby-doo where are you
come on I can smell you that smelly
smell slow
yeah I liked it better when Jack is
trying to kill people - uh-huh
Oh what oh well you know what I tried I
tried we got the police called we were
dealing with some fucks in chat you're
doing something fell overall I felt
pretty good about that please mute the
children I know that's the tough but
that's it so far with any multiplayer
game is you know you got to deal with
other people you have to deal with other
people always the time we got ten ten
ten then you get a better group maybe go
out a better note than that we'll try
you know what we'll try one more one
more game we'll leave this group and if
I try to find a better group cancel how
do we cancel oh nope
what no at the very least I ran somebody
over with a car today that was great and
you know Richard that was great in front
of the car they were trying to stop the
car because they wanted to get in no
please
that's the cats the kind of thing that
will happen in a multiplayer game where
you know people act dumb this is gonna
be a great day
oh right at that character's name Oh
blacklivesmatter do you have a mic
okay yeah they're using a character of a
high-strength step
okay I'm gonna trying to take the mask
off I'm a girl I'm a girl or a girl yes
I am a girl so very pretty pretty girl
my job is to look if I am a girl
a pretty girl it is my job to look for
Jason's Shack I'm on this I'm on this
don't you worry guys if I am a girl well
then there's a couple it looks like
there's two girls there's a lotta girls
Oh only two right I know but - those
guys are there they're their strength
focus character yeah maybe Jason killin
oh no way there's another girl
okay girls there's girls okay we can do
this everybody we can do this let's do
I'm not a Disney Princess and I'm not
the queen of the prom but I could be the
one black dude in this game I don't know
his damn name yeah well how long I don't
know anybody's name I don't know anybody
named
no we got this white mountain white
lives matter that doesn't matter about
saddle time okay there we go
Jason my uncle all right settle down
everybody settle down
saddle down pick a new room no no like
these rich said these people might be
going for something no matter what rich
this is how we're ending this is how
we're going out and it'll be fine it'll
be finest ingly that just makes me want
to stay more here we go here we go match
starting match starting four three two
one just round it out drown out
everybody okay here we go Camp Crystal
Lake I have a chance to be Jason oh I
have a chance to be Jason Baghead I have
a chance and I'm Jason Jason
I'm Jason we have an end of the stream
all right wow that's - Jason's for me
tonight
it's it seemed to have improved and I
have like I I switched it to to be I
know ambivalent weirdest thing
okay power yeah we're gonna that power
right by the car right at convenient hey
look a car
let me lay a trap okay and there should
be a power right around here oh hello
break some windows oh you forgot to lock
your door
hello ma'am you forgot to lock your door
where'd she go where's your sense huh
where's your sense she's hard to catch
yeah she's fast I know oh that's fine
we're gonna we're gonna do something
else what she just went in that hey she
way in that house with the phone I'm
gonna trap the phone line hello break
all the windows I'm the truck ting Jason
where you go she's probably left up
probably left by now where's the phone I
thought the phone was in this one we hid
the map it's the other side of the house
huh
it's on the back no prob hide you find
you
oh no they're on you I'm completely
wrong you're right I am wrong right and
then we'll just lay a trap hello many
traps to be had someone's in this house
still yeah grab grab grab throw into the
window turn to the window thirds in the
window
Awesome's need a boat here oh oh wait
wait wait oh you don't have to teleport
you to the water no you can't swim fast
summer bitch look at your map look at
the map just have a look at your map how
close is he to de leaving alright
teleport I can do this
now to have to press anything head
towards him and it'll be a
find the other one find the other before
she starts the boat starting a boat
probably still the area then other one
right look around
right over there kill them kill them
come here you dick run Jason Jason
I'm sorry peanut book peanut butter
someone's in the house
someone's in this someone's in this
keep running dick he doesn't run if you
press sideways is the thing don't forget
that whoa
oh shit I think he's out already did
your sense I can't oh he's still in
there
trap that back one he'll be fucked open
the door and no fucking knives am right
or a knife look the boats almost done
somebody might swim oh yeah don't worry
about it
could trap the doors he's gonna try and
stun you put Trevor right in front of
the door give him no outs no there's
another person in there like me
Oh oh shit
that's okay that's okay he might be
injured move the end those things last a
long time
oh they're fast got to him too festive
manifest that's gay you're doing good
you're doing good you're doing good it's
not easy playing Jason you have three
sweet kills no matter what check this is
already your best game oh come on he's
dick there we go
there we go there we go wait use
yourself who's your stuff there
he doesn't see any hurry I guess he
might
different burner different matter
got it got it yes kickin ass alright
somebody's walking him yeah
make them suffer oh they get in the
phone go to the phone go to the phone
teleport to the phone the right by that
phone there in front of you smash the
back of it any pics box good
did it do
now I was gonna go for the one in the
house anyway I see
oh thank you so I try to freak him out
what did that lady go oh she's right
there
ah can I put a trap down there oh there
it is oh she's not going for it he's a
fast one
oh don't worry xopen I'll just chase you
then don't kill
yep thank you
that's glorious hello Gil Tommy Jarvis
his rage mode activated now rage mode is
that your your your mask and the top Bob
left uh-huh it turns red
okay believe that's the halfway mark you
get it okay sorry that's right she's all
she's all crazy fight now oh you can
never die hit me got hit me you got to
hit me didn't do it rap dumb
motherfucker crazy Oh son Oh you
slippery son of a bitch Jack no matter
what you've done fantastic really yeah
let's go back in there you've got a
phone
alright kill first and focus it
obviously hmm okay okay one more to kill
one more to kill one more to kill smash
the box yeah I saw I saw getting out of
there
I know your deal census right yeah you
got it
you fucking daughter you fucking know
what to do now jack
kill her good I kill her
fuck you gonna fucking kill her do it
Jason
we're gonna kill her
we're gonna kill her we're gonna kill
her that's why I hit her first like
that's why I didn't grab her proper
stress she hissed rats now she's all
injured and shit right right
she could be a little more injured yeah
but I listen you gotta start somewhere
hello she's trying to draw us out sure
I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you
I'm gonna kill you yes I am you gonna
try to go in there wait wait
crap forever
alright what do you want what do you
want okay I don't think I've done this
one before fucking great one more was
the proper thing to do I feel great I
feel like I could murder the world
nice a little treatment there nice
that's great
Jackson Jess clown training paid off I
don't know I've been no survivors whoo
whoo dog whoo dog all right hey let's
quit out of this and look at the list of
let's do things that we need to look at
let's do that that was great yes this
game yes this game can be so much fun
man yes it can this game can really be
so much fun as a 1984 says here's some
money for Jack's epic murder rampage
thank you very much that pickaxe we just
spin the head around all that is right
now there's a great kill I might you
know Jason too might be my favorite
Jason he's got the little trot he's got
plenty of traps that's adjacent for me
all right any more tips I think okay
well then this is the point of the
stream in which we thank all the people
who subscribe oh my God look at how pale
that is that like compared to my other
obviously grab on your arm for the white
balance right you're like I mean exactly
like I'm not that tan I got a little Sun
today but holy moly oh wait one more
came in some blue guy and Chad says I
normally use these tips for questions
yeah but that last game alone is worth
giving this tip well fucking done I'm
I'm really glad I do that live in the
stream yep
that's felt good there were strats
involved rich you know you weren't
backseat gaming you were coaching yeah
you were just making sure us head in the
right direction that was a team effort
all that that boat that boat that will
end like I didn't know like I didn't
know what to do you told me what to do I
was there everything was everything
works out great I am going home and
buying this game tonight I'm installing
it that's great alright so this is the
point of the stream into which oh by the
way someone wants to know what I'm
drinking I'm drinking new glarus is two
women beer it's a it's a nice lighter
beer new glarus
to women so this is a point in the
stream in which we thank all the people
who have subscribed to us during the
stream much like four stars out of 50
for 13 months in a row and four stars
out of 50 says I've heard I've heard
this Friday the 13th game sucks where's
my pumpkin head game you heard wrong
you heard wrong he said that was great I
think you know for a lot of people
especially people who aren't used to
multiplayer games yeah not every game is
going to be a perfect experience in fact
some of them are gonna be bad yeah
because a multiplayer game is only as
good as the other people you play with
but then you get those moments where
it's a
challenged but you still win great dots
85 favorite customer welcome to the one
year club favorite customer says one lol
fuck my cocking year thanks for all the
entertainment Jack Lamont says Wubba
lubba dub dub frozen ziggurat JJ cheek
ur for 17 months in roses Browns and
beige brown sand beige earth tones like
a planet because they're out of planet
earth tones cuz they're on like an earth
yep that's 85 says did this work does it
say two months in a row dot said it
actually only says one month in a row
it actually says one months in a row
toss two one two this thing alone that's
weird that's the second time we've had
dots 8500 yeah dots 85 for one months in
a row and then a second dots 84 two
months no just for one month
oh all live in his the same says for two
months weird huh clone 27 27 for 15
months a neurosis if mike really does
want a Star Trek again forget VR go with
the 2002 classic bridge commander mm-hmm
shop em shop says thank you Texas
panhandler says love the channel guys
you should get kickbacks from Steam for
all the games you've led me thank you
sometimes we do like for certain games
if you are watching us via twitch there
might be a link to purchase that game
underneath and if you use that link to
purchase the game we do get a slight
kickback from it so heads up but other
than that that's what the tips and
subscriptions are for and we appreciate
it
Algar mop or no Algar nap
I think that's an end ok Algar nap says
I regret never having anything to say
here many thanks for the streams I love
them
atomic mousetrap - nen co2 nano - nanoa
Toninho uh i do i don't jest odd nah nah
i'm not just says hey jack and rich
what's up with haley joel osment
recently saw him in an interest time
loop sci-fi called I'll follow you down
and now he is playing a cooler version
of Palmer Lucy or love Palmer Luckey
on Silicon Valley oh good for him he's
still working still working child actors
well seeing you that was uh hailey Joe
Osmond see that was a sixth sense yeah
that one yeah I mean he went away for a
while it's in that Kevin Smith movie
right was he that wasn't him walrus oh
he might have been I don't know I didn't
see it well that's hospitals called mega
paw in Kazim I mean I answers a nine
months I could have birthed a baby in
that time I chose to have a pizza roll
badge instead it's great already good
work fellas
priorities are straight oh my god hold
on hold on
what's wrong Oh 2d 2d babies in the
world we need less babies I wouldn't say
we need less babies because that would
imply that we would get rid of babies
but probably we just don't need any more
babies right okay okay
is the UH I think we need to be on that
for it to work yeah but Biff Oh Potamus
there we go
it's right under incas eat for 30 you
gotta you can't you can't like say his
name and then pause confusedly and then
go back into it this is 36 months gonna
be all in one chunk biffle Potamus for
36 fucking Munson
Oh nope that didn't work
that's just it that what did you press
fresh confetti on that's an orchid oh I
didn't do the right thing press confetti
off we got a reconfigure you know what
now that just looks silly now that our
confetti doesn't work rubies the record
live thing over my face you know I know
for a fact I have hit that before and
confetti has come down is it on a
different cam it's not a different cam
and that's why that's not working I
don't think they saw the sparklers
because the kid Nick because the logo
came up so now we have we have to get
the freaking confetti on all of the this
so that works
we can't hands it out we got a reef we
got to read more days I'd love to I'd
love to we're obligated you people help
us in your name's read the names dooby
sandwich says I finally quit the job I
hate but now I'm back in this vulnerable
position in this cruel unforgiving
uncertain job economy well I'd be able
to land another work by my third month
here's hoping do the same you know you
stopped donating us your sunroom
that's true take a look fine job take
care of yourself take a little sub break
then come back when you got a job yeah
we appreciate it
buh Zuka s Carson fly attractor 11 says
two months and anniversary to month to
month anniversary stayed in to watch
these two Schmucks instead of going to
see guardians of the galaxy - and Wonder
Woman shove and acts up my nose
mm poke Alex in the eye says if we
cannot end now our differences at least
we can help make the world safe for
prereq thank you
one can only hope the world can get safe
fit for prereq general Gore slick slippy
Bunga dug for thirty three fucking
months in a row and Bunga Doug says 33
glorious months keep taking my money you
hack frauds turn 25 pretty dang cute
rich with the Dragon Tattoo nice Rasta
s-- Danno star
Oh God gave them I gotta get into
character cuz it's been a while since
I've said arrest and say you guys think
of a couple of cause I'm the Moffett
solar so what we got here wisdom oh that
has got father 42 I got four - it's been
subscribed to us for 29 fucking months
in a row hearing the Godfather swears
it's funny don't you think and Godfather
photos of twenty nine months a better
television than most of our broadcast
these days
thanks that's a damn fine god I feel
really good about my godfather
impression my I mean - really - Marlon
it's a Marlon Brando it's a phat Marlon
Brando yeah life sandesh aspects lays
vengeance for 13 months in a row big
Angry Bob Christabel Roberto says you
guys are the best in the biz keep up the
good work we may be we respectfully
disagree Edgar Allan Poe Poe says thank
you so much for murdering teams for our
entertainment
pretenders is halfway to a year thanks
for all the great streams his dude miss
14 notepad 31 the traveler speaks for
zero months in her oh that's boob like
the figure that is one statement babe
top ramens for 28 fucking months in a
row and Top Ramen says kill them all
Denzel Washington blue vaad and beloved
says take all of Jeff's money Josh you
also see a ox Baxter says three months
stay golden pony boys
Ossie Baxter jack is so excited about
murdering everybody Aussie Baxter yes I
murdered them all was great as fun
I say Roman numerals that's actually
nonsense Norman Roman numerals because
the X would have to come first V X 135
for 12 months in a row what wouldn't it
be oh sure I suppose if it was just five
it would be V V X it's kind of
nonsensical
so really it's 5:10 it's 5:10 right so
if you want to say five ten one three
five that's what they intend that to
mean maybe it could just be VX I don't
know yeah we don't know neon lights for
one one Vincennes Eau de Pepsi these
ends are the Pepsi you know what I
prefer the ends of the code the ends of
the code Manta Qualis Manta koala says
any reason to play slow water Jason to
play slow water Jason like you know some
maps do have a lot of water and you
could just like go to the water travel
real fast
side of the map on on a few Maps like
some of this one of the maps it's got
like have water that goes in window not
it can be really convenient to use a
fast water Jason just to scout around
right yes otherwise a slow water Jason's
pretty it's a pretty safe debuff to take
if he's got other benefits yeah all
right good Jason you were using I think
it's low in water oh okay sure but you
got that teleport so and we you can see
the map so you know where they're
exiting in the boat as long as long as
you know they're leaving in the boat
we got lucky where we got to see them
leaving the boat so we knew to tell but
you know if I would have been paying
attention someone else I might have not
even notice they left on the boat right
right that's a great question oh cool
trainer oh god why hindi trainer Wendy
says I am gay congratulations
we appreciate you sharing that with us
and we don't look at you any differently
trying to get me to say I am gay oh that
would only bother me if I thought there
was something wrong with being gay
that's true right so it's true joke's on
you cool trainer and if you are coming
out of the closet you know we're here
congratulations graduations and we're
glad that you're comfortable enough with
yourself to reveal that to the channel
and everyone then the dual poly clone
butch deloria one flags in ski says
guardians to and Winter Soldier I'm with
two favorite Marvel movies which are
yours winter shelters great those might
be the two those actually might be the
two Winter Soldier is pretty damn good
good wait wait I can't leave out any of
the Iron Man's winter soldiers great
Iron Man 3 is fantastic this would
require more thought though those are
both fine choices I probably a Winter
Soldier Iron Man 3 just off the top of
my head with like without giving any
deep analysis yeah Iron Man 3 Winter
Soldier okay
I'd be pretty comfortable that winter
soldiers fuckin fantastic I wish I could
I wish I could end this stream on your
and your rant right now I wish I could
the rant that I'm about to say yeah yeah
the perfect time they got the gallon we
got more names we can't do I know that's
alright
I can rant it any time about winter
about both Winter Soldier
you
you're gonna back all right I am I'm
turning the mic on for bit I don't want
to leave just yet did you stop streaming
and start streaming I just muted the
mica did the other thing and i muted the
mic I didn't end the stream okay
deliberately look a few more names
amazing right
yeah we're Sai the classic double double
Juke arcticus Rex says Jack murder
sprees are the best kind of murder
sprees oliver md low-down Yankee lair
rebel base says all aboard the murder
train Adam lakeside earnest come
luminescence nine Gunther Studios color
Ben I like that one and the face sitter
who says I love pancakes thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
sure we really do it's true we really do
okay
I am NOT going I actually have something
to say
okay ah mods yeah fucking thank you for
being good mods I I just I want to
appreciate the fucking great fucking job
you did on the stream where my sister
was around that was that was
nerve-wracking your fucking mods were
fucking great and it was a wonderful
stream for everybody they really was so
thank you for being awesome thank you
mine now we're really gonna end thank
you have a nice night
