Episode 121
Yes, we're playing it again. Shut up(Part 1)
July 27, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Eyr7zvqaiE
___________________________________________

live and in color living color
Technicolor single oh in Anandi's kind
of world I'm glad I got my girls keep
your head up
alright keep your head up that's right
my homegirl standing to my left and my
right true blue we tight like glue yeah
check check check it out check check
check it out check check it out
did you never watch livin single I'm
starring her Queen this Latifah I have
literally never watched livin single
okay reruns all the time hey everybody
welcome I unfortunately do how I used to
watch that all the time you know it was
like livin single Martin and Moishe that
was like the the trifecta Saturday
afternoons
Moishe strange men
strange strange man hey welcome welcome
to the stream hi welcome welcome to the
stream yeah they're playing it again you
know what deal with it we are I'll tell
you what my original plan I want to do
something a little bit different yo I
wanted I wanted you to bring your PC in
so we could team up try to get Jays the
girls didn't happen I know you're you're
busy before you came here you know
unfortunately I've been running around
all day and I just hadn't been home and
I just you know like I've been driving
around all over the place I dropped off
stuff here I pick up stuff here and I
just didn't want my PC in the car for
that long I came so close like four
times to get a Jason kill yeah one time
I I was playing my already escaped yeah
it's like a really bad Jason and you
know what not to get you to off track
but like when it's it when you escape
and you don't even see Jason it's kind
of
waitwait when you don't even see Jason
well like no those are my favorite ones
that means I did a great job I guess
what I'm saying is there sometimes you
win in Friday the 13th and it doesn't
feel satisfying doesn't feel satisfying
if like the car drives by you and then
they stop and you get in the car
those are the ones that feel
unsatisfying sure but if I run around
and I get the parts together for either
the boat or one of the cars and I just
don't run into Jason I'm fine with that
okay no no I'd already escaped and Jason
like hadn't killed everybody yet and the
cops were called and like two people
walked out like the exit for like the
police so then I spawn is Tommy Jarvis
right by the police and exit where
everybody else is like a clusterfuck by
the police exit and Jason's trying to
kill people I noticed one of the one of
the players by the exit where I spawned
as Tommy had this winter oh I think
we're trying to get out that last-minute
kill like trying to get hits in on him I
just didn't it just didn't work so close
and like I've gotten his mask off a few
times and all of a sudden people start
freaking out like whoa whoa can we do
this can we do this do we know where his
Jackie's and then everyone dies just me
and one guy who was Tommy he didn't know
how to do it but I knew how to do it I'm
like follow me follow me is a plugin it
looks like it's plugged in is that other
thing you have plugged in try it let's
try this again
yeah since they've done the update we're
you know we're also playing this because
they recently updated it with fun new
retro NES Jason's oh wait is it sits on
I think was on OBS it wasn't
highlighting the game oh there you go
you're right
since the update and and they've patched
some of the issues that people were
having like some of the spawn locations
that where people were cheating Dutch
angle and camera might be a little bit
fucked up is the camera a little bit
yeah oh I can see it yes it's very
tilted
yeah yeah just start oh go to Jamie go
to what change this oh yeah of course
yeah shorten that one yeah in in a short
turn it that looks good and now like
swivel it more towards you more towards
you right there should be good use
push-to-talk yes yeah that's perfect
there we go
okay customize Jason and so if you go to
part three Jason change skin oh you get
quiet look at that adorable purple Jason
it's a nice novelty I like the music on
him you don't hear the music when you
play as him yeah yours you know as a
councillor playing against him yeah yeah
I think I think they as Jason you for
gameplay reasons you need to be able to
hear things yeah like you're in a cabin
and you hear a console like open a
window you you don't want music blaring
over that that makes sense
alright quick play quick play
motherfucker I've been having some good
friday the 13th games today yeah I've
been feeling really good a lot of
teamwork a lot of cooperation you know
what just a lot of good talking it's all
it's all about the group you get agree
agreed so much so like I you know
because we're we're doing this for the
for the next show for the next prereq
which I need to talk to you about
filming by the way yeah we'll see this
is gonna be a busy week I know
hint things are going on thing busy
we're doing a very busy week I want to
see if I can forget sneak it into
but I want to see if I can trust you
people all those pings are awful oh my
god that's fine just find a new now okay
you're gonna trust him we have hundreds
of people probably watching this right
usually hundreds I mean we can see how
yeah hundreds sure what are the odds
they can keep a secret
what are the odds they can keep a secret
very slim slim very slim cuz if I hear
about this anywhere else I'll know how
it leaked I'll know I can't trust you
fuckers yeah but they don't care they
don't care
this is the trial you know what there's
the trust test you're giving them a
trust I'm giving them a trust test we
have we have 434 viewers right now rich
you're gonna trust for I am I'm 34
stranger I am oh my god I have
officially built a completely new wheel
of the worst fucking completely new I
repaired the old one yeah
but fuck it yeah fucking I got I got
bigger ideas better right we can we can
do the better and you know what it's
fucking great you showed it to me the
other day and it's great it's fucking
great and that no and you know what
we're gonna start taking bets on how
fast that's on reddit now everybody know
that I never say anything again rich has
asked you to keep this under your hat
and if you want us to trust you then do
that all right if I hear about this
before the episode goes up I will no I
cannot trust anyone yeah
oh Jesus Christ reddit has on reddit now
it's on reddit already yeah I'm sure god
damn it
then I never share anything ever again
pretty much ever again you fucked it you
fucked it oh no no okay
I didn't have you know what I didn't
think I thought all of your counselors
would have customized options already
and some of them didn't and I was trying
to quickly customize trying to quickly
customize talking about this in the chat
before the stream had actually started
yeah yeah you know what I am
legitimately hyped for what you know all
these stuff gusto you excited about the
new stout no excited about the new
spider-man and excited about that new
Marvel movie yeah sure sure yeah I am
super fucking hyped for the ducktales
reboot like I am I am super fucking
height yeah
Oh could be could be anything Scrooge
McDuck yeah cuz you know the old voice
like is the voice of screwed for its you
I have your purple Jason okay look at
this everybody purple Jason by the way
not to know you know what I'm not gonna
be really your super hyped about
ducktales yeah you know though I talked
to you about this you know yeah scrooge
mcduck cuz you know uh the old voice of
scrooge for the last 40 or 50 years Alan
Young yeah died couple years ago right
right and if it wasn't dead he was like
really fucking old and what his voice
wasn't there anymore so the new was
scrooge mcduck is David Tennant but the
doctor the doctor David Tennant yes I
know what you fuckers are gonna try to
do get in the car well good luck
motherfuckers
good luck I was the phone app I see
someone over here
it looks glass it looks terrible but
you're glad they added it does look
terrible
oh yeah I I think if they were going to
do I understand this is something they
hastily threw together as a freebie yeah
as a we're sorry the servers have kind
of sucked if there were if they were
doing this right they would have made
him look pixelated it would be a blocky
Jason maybe I think it's cute just the
way it is look at his boots
he's got the boots it's oh my god this
house has no windows he'd be made out of
squares a whole bunch of squares cubes
and the animations would be dude yeah
yeah that'd be the way to do this that
would break the game even more and it's
already fair but you can't hear you
don't hear it when you play as him but
the music when you're a counselor
counselor Eddie's chasing you is great
well that's not the phone I was hoping
that was the phone what what is purple
Jason purple Jason is based on the NES
Friday the 13th game Jason had that
color scheme in the game
here's a little trick that pissed me off
when I found it you put two traps there
Oh God that pissed me to write the fuck
off oh oh hello someone in the phone
house you get them Jack you go you
fucker you didn't lock the door lock
around oh oh they just got one out the
window Oh
open this door to make it easier for me
oh I got my shift skull Thoma houses
hopefully got a new prereq fan tune in
tonight
they left Lincoln half of the bag and
nerd crew shout out to red one seven
five five four oh one F Wow Rick Berman
and Applebee's right
let's see what you got there let's see
what you got there
doobie sandwiches harlech ah I saw an
early Friday the 13th streaming for a
sane senior editor of a game site at a
child who kept interrupting her
my point is during your solo streams how
do you keep your kids from bothering you
during my solo streams I look look oh
yeah
nice eye and always that's why if I'm
ever doing a solo stream you'll you'll
notice that I start very very late after
my kids bedtime and usually hopefully no
boat oh my god I've been ignoring the
boat this whole time right sometimes you
just got to keep your eye on the boat oh
yeah look at that see they already got
some shit in here how do you know that
huh but it's down a lot of traps see you
see how the propellers down okay that
means they use your sense and see who's
looking for the stuff there you go oh my
god
really Oh Chad come here Chad what are
you doing
oh that was nice of him nope I love it
when the bodies fly look the bodies hit
the fruit let the bodies hit the woo
okay we're gonna go check out always the
car oh no not a lot of work done on that
old car there I see all eight of the gas
on you don't know you don't know you
know what I'm gonna do a little work
ahead of time here yeah that's the smart
thing music cuz you know what they're
gonna be buy this car they're gonna want
to go in here you doing great jack oh
great you got your murder on ah you know
it's been so up my my jay-z oh look
there's just no getting around here
you're Jason drought is over my Jason
drought is over the first time I play
tonight but any any kind of achievements
it's the only helping me out because
we're playing on my account that's not a
murder people I win no matter what
whoa you okay I'm fine
okay great fine some blue guy in chat
says was waiting for your next stream
for a tip I forgot to give in response
to the Beyond Good and Evil 2 trailer
yeah so take a page from Jay's book
they're thinking about it is she fucking
that monkey no nobody's thinking about
that you are he's your pervert
apparently apparently just some pervert
like he was thinking about it
the boat oh the bow you knew you knew
how the radio I got distracted and the
boat got away oh I feel like a jackass
now wait does that mean my trap has been
sprung what trap if it's a read does it
mean my trap has been sprung I'm not
sure in that I know you hear the noise
okay I don't know I don't know if you
hear it when they disable it with the
pocket knife though oh yeah oh they're
stock stock they can hear your sweet
music though hello oh shit they're
worried they're working together been
working together rich but I'm gonna kill
him wake up wake up dickhead let's go
anonymous says rich said Jack played
vanquish wrong and Commons said similar
things about you guys and Bayonetta yeah
maybe Platinum is great at making games
but terrible at explaining how to best
play them that could be man if only they
had developed the game oh shit all agree
to that that could be that was that was
a great shift that was a great shift
yeah well you know what I hit the rocks
and Tony I I you went like a perfect
circle I had to I had to do you tune
real quick
hi I hit him I hit rocks that I knew I
couldn't get over so then I had to make
a call rich don't close the door on me
you dickheads first I'm gonna close the
door on you
oh and they'd like to see if more found
more found use the teleport just go
right outside the window
like go it like a micro fraction of them
knows you're behind you I think you went
the wrong side of the house you looked
at the wrong point on the arrow oh and I
turned oh man I'm failing I'm failing
rich its back it's it's active again you
can use it
what are you guys thinking hi backseat
well I'm just trying to help
he's helping no rich is helping we
already know at least at least one
person got away in the boat you can hit
uh up on the d-pad and you can find out
exactly it'll say who this game oh sure
just wanted to check yeah this one I was
check if there's any yeah punches head
up that's one of my favorites that was
one of the first ones I bought Oh
disable the phone she doesn't know huh
he doesn't know she doesn't know she's
gonna die she doesn't know you D fix the
phone Ida fixed it what's that mean
you can't hear me you can't hear me
where is yet she walked outside I think
you think I heard the window
oh oh shit oh she fell into my trap
again where's where's the phone in that
could be the trap by the car oh I guess
it could be how much shit that's right
hey use your vision use your vision she
outside huh did the trap killer oh I
wonder No
whoo that was a close one positive nilus
hey pac jacquard and itch ravans I'm
planning on making a documentary kind of
in the spirit of the Odyssey have you
guys got some tips as to what I should
avoid doing happy midsummer solstice
well I have zero experience making
documentaries myself Jack do you have
any documentary tips you have murder
tips right now and I think you should
focus on just grab Oh bullshit
oh you're that's worth shit that was
horseshit I was right there that's what
you get did I win nope barely not anyone
around here
I'll ask Jack about the documentaries
later no shit take out some more ok
documentaries you know I always they say
I always have an idea of the story you
want to tell but you can never be
attached to that story
that's just what they say the people who
would say stuff ok because like you find
the story while making it is is the
general consensus come on
so don't have preconceived story notions
well you know you got it you have to
start somewhere right where is this guy
hit up on the deep end how many are left
even is just one yeah this one I guess
I'll just take out this
power thing over here and you know we'll
just keep taking out power Stefan look
form and shoot is so much footage you
need like you know like a normal film
you know you have or you know like for a
video you have 40 hours of footage and
you only end up with one hour yeah it's
like 10 times after documentaries you
just need a million things you over here
yeah we're yeah you hide probably is one
of those perks where you hide
I guess we'll check the campsites right
uh yeah check the outskirts check the
bags if you have all the power
generators down eventually the fear
should overtake them and they'll show up
easier yeah but floss 21 says rich and
Jack hope you guys check out the
Wolfenstein the new order before the new
Colossus comes out
I planned to it's not as fast paced as
doom 2016 and functions as more of a
hybrid / prototype but it's still great
actually I plant it when I played first
though was I played actually brutal
Wolfenstein 3d oh yeah right I was gonna
brutal doom oh I know I should have
waved but I want to get to you I get it
I totally understand
come on oh thank you
the William Meister says hey Jack and
rich hi little late to the stream so I
apologize if you already discussed this
should that's on the double whammy of
Daniel day-lewis retiring and Lord and
Miller getting axe from the Han Solo
solo movie well you know what I really
like about the ducktales reboot they've
given Huey Dewey and Louie like you know
different personalities this time they
have different outfits they have
different running animations and you
know the character of Webby doesn't seem
as annoying as she used to be that
seemed sighs and you know what here also
the thing about the doctor mister oh my
god him David Tennant mr. David Tennant
is that he is Scottish it's a legitimate
accent this time around yeah I think I
think it's gonna be good in the part
he's hiding under a bed rich just
killing time oh I think I'm close
goddammit
making me work for it he's making me
work for it oh never mind dad I thought
you got that bed I thought it totally
thought you already had that bed is it
going to be 3d animation or 2d 2ds they
actually have the the intro on line
already you know what that's a good
right it's so disturbing seeing not
retro Jason in these cutscenes okay no I
think that's great I think that's great
David Tennant is a is a is a fine actor
he's gonna be a fine voice for it I do
you know what I'll talk a little bit
about Loren Miller
oh okay I'll talk she has to look about
Lauren Miller one like how surprised can
you be after after Disney got rid of
fucking Edgar Wright right you can be a
little more surprised because Lord
Miller literally the only movies they've
ever made have been adaptations and all
of their movies are incredibly
successful and critically acclaimed yeah
so at this point you're just like let
these two guys who make adaptations and
their adaptations make money do their
thing right but at the same time Disney
has their thing if they're not
comfortable working with directors like
this has happened before
yeah we can't be surprised yeah Daniel
day-lewis I don't care that he's not
acting anymore I'll be honest what they
like he's made fine yeah he's made some
really good movies I wasn't able to
change my counsellor god damn it
Oh AJ's fine yeah
no here's the thing
Darkwing schmuck says Lord Miller aren't
on rights level Edgar Wright doesn't
have a lot of commercial success so from
Disney's perspective it made a lot of
sense to accent Lord and Miller have a
ton of commercial success with
adaptations so it actually makes it less
sense for Disney to fire Lord Miller
Edgar Wright has made fantastic movies
phenomenal phenomenal movies I'm not
dissing on Edgar Wright I'm just talking
about the box office we're talking about
the box office Edgar Wright has more
commercial success than Laurie Miller
and live action sure if you if you
discount if you discount the lego movie
and clout the cloudy movies why would
you why would you is the question why
would you that's a great question and
and all of their 21 Jump Street movies
have been successful all of their oh I
think they only did two of them maybe
more
so it's weird it's weird it's weird is
what it is the last note that rich won't
care about but we'll we'll say it
because maybe it'll maybe don't annoy
him they announced who the villain is
gonna be in this in the venom carnage
right by the car rich that's the yellow
car it'll be fun
yeah but he doesn't know what the card
is all right you know what's good about
her stealth character he comes by the
car hide crime hide until he puts his
traps and goes away yeah you're right
and he won't have his vision yet anyway
yeah it's carnage okay okay yeah yeah oh
yes we planning on watching the venom
movie for some reason Tom Hardy oh I got
gas rich but I'm gonna be courteous and
I'm aiming for the four seater get out
keep searching the houses fine find keys
yeah but I'm just going to head towards
the four seater there's a house down
there that nobody's gonna check that one
do you're right that's north sorry I'm
bad that's backseat gaming that's not
that is backseat gaming and I apologize
that was but you I mean and I can see
that you're right
that I should go and check this oh do
you by the way do you know and I haven't
looked this up yet don't know how to get
the pamela tapes i found none of I've
never found one of them some people say
you can only find them playing on Friday
I just listened to him on YouTube and
it's fine they're not that exciting oh
no I know I just want to I just want to
know where they are I I assume I've seen
I don't know if it was faked I've seen
images of them just being a drawers
let's play you check the house just wait
check the house I told you to check
o-m-g we got cast we got keys we are
heading to that four seater motherfucker
check the objectives did somebody get
the battery in Iran
maybe you're right now just Tommy well
we got Tommy calls so that's pretty good
like and I will say usually for me oh
hello usually for me like you know
finding this stuff is good but it's all
about that fuse box all about starting
that cop countdown Pamela Anderson the
Pamela Voorhees Jason's mother aka the
killer in Friday the 13th part 1 stay
calm stay calm that's fine I can get out
of here I can get out of here it's fine
I saw him he's over by the car doing his
car thing he's not even he's not even
looking over here we're just gonna take
a little jaunt over to that four seater
and so there are there are hidden tapes
somewhere in the game yeah and I don't
even know where to look for I just think
they're comically rare oh sure and that
could be that could be and it sits there
like I think there's a there's a
psychiatric tapes of yeah I'm aboard
he's talking yeah yeah she's talking to
the police like right after her son in
his drown like they're dredging like the
lake looking for him he's not officially
dead yeah they're searching and she's
free she's freaking out in the police
tapes and she eventually devolves to the
point where she's like I'm going to kill
all of you shit I'll just let Jason kill
that person but here's what we're gonna
do here here's the smart play I'm gonna
put the gas by the car now it's probably
smart and then fine and then look around
some more so so Jason thinks that no
one's working on the car Oh batteries oh
my god nevermind
shit what oh come on
well you lose the gas is there I was I
was mid drop animation when it flickered
so I could I was mid drop animation it
was it was a nice attack I had my plan
rich yeah that was a neat kill oh they
don't know they're carrying they're
gonna carry that gas all the way there I
didn't have a walkie-talkie I couldn't
tell him there's hopefully hopefully
they'll find your keys oh yeah my keys
are my body but they don't know that the
keys are there they don't know the gas
is there either oh this is a disaster
for the counselors a disaster no no sigh
Richard the counselor there's only one
left
Oh kill he killed buzzy yeah that was
quick oh man this is a good Jason right
here this Jason is up and with throwing
knives he killed the last one oh yeah
yeah well I'm gonna take it I'm gonna
take a little breather here and work on
some perks for some other people I'll
tell ya I like to go at one of two ways
yeah I like to go nerdy girl because she
has she's great she has good stealth and
she's a quick fixer yeah that's super
important yeah or I like to go either
long haired blonde dude firm a muscle
his stamina is so fucking awful his stay
on is awful but his muscles great it's
only it's like yeah if you're going for
a killer well but you need a
well-rounded team you need a muscle to
stun people while someone else fixes the
car
this is true this is very true but if I
were working on my own like if I'm not
in a group if I'm not playing with a
group yeah AJ or the nerd girl sure but
you know what you have to go into this
and
like I you have to go into this thinking
that people are going to be talking and
like that's been the best cases where
it's like I'm a really fast person so
I'm like I'll go to this house and
search it out and I'll meet you back
here oh here's the gas can you should
have this because your character has the
better stats you give me the bat and
I'll watch your back I what I'm what I
might do is I well what I do do is I
wait until I find a good group winner
and then maybe I'll think about changing
my character to a group to a team player
sure
till then I'm a J or nerd girl and your
nerd girl doesn't have any of your stats
okay well I'm here yeah yeah yeah
carsten time decrease that's pretty good
you got some good epic ones what's this
one start with walkie-talkie increase
range your voice that's not bad
certainly not great not grow no not
great I wouldn't I like this one I use
this one a lot
increase the radius of the firecrackers
that's a good one I have not played
around with it much but oh it's great
because Jason is not used to that
what's your plan with her if I choose
her yeah so she's a stealth er and a
repairer so I might want to look for
something that can get me some more Dan
oh no do you have the one where if he
drops you get a stamina boost yes this
one and then we got to up her stealth
one where's the one where if you crouch
you're hit you might be hidden I don't
think I don't know that I have that one
I don't think I have a corruption one oh
this is a good on less chance of being
detected by Jason's sense while indoors
I don't have that one that's a great one
I have the one where if you're crouching
I'm fond of this one look at that
fucking purse edge reduce feet oh my god
that's great I got I got a thick-skinned
which isn't bad but maybe less so for
her also as part of the update and we
got to update that oh you totally have
to update the yeah they released some
new outfits oh look at that
oh you know what no I have I think I
have her black jeans oh yeah look at
that way better shoes purple no not
bright enough wait I got I got purple
pants for her they kind of work with the
darker with that that other sweater hers
yeah yeah
oh there we go bright blue purple pants
now go up and the other sweater the
other of the new sweatshirts I think
that's a great look for her you know
what that's a nice outfit rich I'll
accept that I'll accept that that is a
very nice outfit as a very nice outfit
he's my bruiser let's see here increase
melee attack yeah oh yeah yeah that's
pretty good all right I'll take that
we'll take that don't you know we'll
find a nice outfit for him whatever you
just got you got a lot of jackets let's
see here it's got a lot of it let's see
what are the new ones I like this one
look at that that's ba right there boom
that's bad ass let's get some nice kicks
kind of kick so we got here whoa look at
that a little splash of bright blue teal
never mind teal you get to play dress up
I mean yeah he's afraid of why yeah
that's why I have that for him
Oh Mike axes do you have the bat one
there's one where you start with a bat I
think I have it I think it's that one
increased male a stunt I'm on Jason with
it all I see there we go take this thing
John I don't care about that I don't
care about that she reduced quicker go
one look at the one let's use two mid
Spurs that and thick-skinned is actually
not a bad combo you're like a tank
nice these are good perks yeah you got
good perks rich look at look at my CP
huh oh I see no and you know everybody
this weekend is getting that massive
seat I'm gonna have 20,000 to spend it's
gonna be great increased chance of
stunning oh here we go
so so we got increased stunt time on
Jason with a baseball bat and increased
chance of stunning Jason her if you want
that's my jam oh I know night all is
good on all done er yeah but if you're
going full-on combat go to the one with
the
weapons you might be able get into like
another hit in before it breaks
you sure alright if you want to go full
on min max yeah know that like my job if
I choose him he's the stunner like yeah
other people will fix stuff I'll just be
there to keep Jason at bay
alright I really planned for him okay
great
anonymous says hello friends watching
old half in the bag
love that sequence with blankets old
colostomy bag and Mike and jave AMA ting
cream corn everywhere hmm that stuff fun
to shoot or more of a pain because of
the mess both it's very fun to shoot
yeah hey you're not so happy after the
fact oh yeah I want to say the Evil Dead
sequence was worse to clean it was
terrible to film too because it was cold
yes I remember covering and sticky cold
wet fake blood and it's already cold to
begin with that was awful and everything
is just slimy and sticky great sequence
Baghead Jason cuz we already saw this
one that's fine here but you're a bag
you're totally a bag head oh he's got
more traps and he has that he has that
cool one here's one of the greatest not
one of the I mean all the kills are
fantastic but here's oh yeah the good
one where you hit him in the side of the
head with your pickaxe and in turn yeah
an eighty degrees like I love that one
I love all the kills I think they're
great I think it's great
crane hand crisis just wanted to leave
you guys a tip for the fantastic stream
on Sunday keep up the good work we
didn't stream you're not gonna get in
this action no because then it turns
into a pissing contest and I don't want
to do
I'm not here for a pissing contest
okay Anonymous's now that the Han Solo
movie is having some production problems
I think a good story would be that he's
a prince but he ran away from home and
started his life as a rogue smuggler
Disney approved you don't have the new
duck tales that Donald Duck is gonna be
a part of the main cast and not just a
like an occasional guest star
interesting Muller he's gonna be there
every episode I have one of the main
cast
I haven't literally no particular
fondness for duck tales Richards I
cannot be excited it's the same guy
who's been doing the Donald Duck voice
for like 30 years
walkie talkie I can't be excited about
new duck tales rich
I just can't because I don't care about
duck tales I'm sorry I just don't I'm
really happy for you that you're excited
about new duck tales I don't know I
don't have a map as well we got here we
got a motor boat and we got a
four-seater motor boat for cedar I see a
house that nobody's probably checked
back here so we're gonna head in that
general direction
that general direction rich some blue
guy in chances
quick update okay on what there is no a
post on the rlm subreddit about rich
having made a new wheel and it's rising
on the subs front page the top comment
as of right now is we are horrible
people rich um some of you never sharing
anything he gave her again gifts people
this was my you know this is my test
yeah the fact that I made a new wheel
once that's mediocre news it's not so
exciting yeah right but now I know
you're all snitches yep yep never again
you've you've played right into my hands
I mean I know where I know where I stand
basically that's it now and so now
anytime there's news we're not going to
feel an urge to share it and that's on
you you could have had all the news you
could have had you could have been in
the nose yeah this could've end a little
secret Club yeah the secret Club yep you
know what's going on behind the scene
nope no not right now for that sorry
yeah okay there's someone fucking around
at the boat that's good there's someone
fucking around at the boat we might go
check out that boat situation see how
close we're getting oh we're getting
nowhere because nobody's got anything
alright never mind
I got me a wrench wrench doesn't have a
lot of reach but has a higher stunt
chance the old Ranchi pool here the
Ayatollah of rock and roll assist trick
rent I hate the overuse of the Klingon
bird-of-prey it was just a Scout class
ship far less badass than the Klingon
Cruiser and the Romulan warbird in the
TN this right this is a second point and
the Romulan warbird bird and TNG is the
coolest Trek ship design I agree the the
Romulan bird of prey our warbird sorry
the one Romulan warbird is badass but
that that Klingon bird-of-prey it's such
a beautiful design I don't I don't blame
them for overusing it ship out of here
out of here it's not chasing you huh
he's chasing them good I'm coming I'm
hoping he kills them
Oh mr. team player with the wrench is
not gonna go back and try and stun Jason
when he grabbed someone no a lot for me
I'm hoping he kills them because
while your lights on like he knows
you're there
it's already turned her out yeah yeah
where is it did he leave he's getting
out
what a terrible Jason what a terrible
Jason wasn't that that even the swim
fast Jason yes
no he might be yes no he might be
eight eight for sure part aid for sure
is a fast one yeah I think I think he is
too
well someone knew where the battery was
that's something who baseball bat you
link a link this is probably something I
have already yep
all right well maybe it's seven and
eight that are the good swimmers I know
if it's two or three of them that are
fast swimmers well it might be all three
might be seven eight all right a couple
of them have swim faster perks I think I
think all of the undead Jason's are fast
in water okay sure that would make sense
any parts good new parts
texas panhandle ever since I just went
and watch the new duck tales theme and
some clips from what I guess is the
first episode Tennant sounds great but
the voices of the nephews feel off to me
Donald sounds perfect though yes because
it's the same Donald's because here at
last yeah 30 or possibly 40 years he's
my age of 30 if he's but a long time
yeah good for David 10 still working oh
shit why are you over here Jason because
your your your buzzy and he makes so
much fucking noise he stands out like a
fucking beacon Oh what what yeah camera
fucked I was on this free wish I was
almost free that's a good kill that's a
fun kill I wish you could see it yeah
you went off you went off alone after
your after your team player wrapped with
a character who's designed to work good
in a team I know I know I know I'm so
sorry everyone I failed you
three people afford people left Wow
three people in a and I uh Anna Tommy
telling me I was gonna call him Billy
that that did not sound right
that does not sound right hey rich yeah
while we're hanging out in spectating
yeah let's talk about one of the
greatest board game experiences I had
recently okay over Father's Day weekend
you know big group of us went up north
and had a great time and it's you know
these are people who play board games
and we played a game called captain
sonar have you heard of this board game
no here's my pitch to you for capita for
how awesome a game captain sonar is yeah
do you remember the the nebula space
battle in Wrath of Khan yes remember how
awesome that was yes two captains who
couldn't see each other yeah battling
that's what captain sonar is it's a it's
a tat it's a submarine tactics game okay
this sounds great and so what it is it's
kind of like battleship where you know
you move you have to move your submarine
along a grid and so does the other team
and there's a partition on OC and this
is the other reason why you don't do the
Batman voice is because then you're that
jackass that does the Batman voice
you know what what I want I don't think
it's Chris Jason the one that kicks him
away then throws the ax in his head
eight I love that gal that's a great
kill okay so there's a partition on the
table so neither captain can see the
other person's doohickeys then it's your
job as captain to move your battleship
and kind of be the leader of your team
yeah but you need to call out where
you're moving but the other team doesn't
know where you start you both have the
same map yeah and so you're going for
your turn you go we're heading north and
another person on your team is your
radio operator and it's just their job
to try to figure out where the other
team sub is like okay they they started
somewhere where they moved north okay
okay well remember that information and
then it's another person's job to like
handle all the resources like you know
your missiles it takes so many turns to
get ready your stuff has to break down
and you all kind of work together to
hide yourself and figure out where the
other team sub is and it's amazing it's
one it's a it was so much fun we had a
group of six three on each team and and
and it's supposed to be real-time action
like you're supposed to go all in the
real time yeah but we did it turn-based
because we were learning and we actually
like to turn-based a lot better than
real time because then you get to like
really slow yeah yeah like is this the
right call and everyone just goes I
don't know you have to make the call
captain you have to make the call we can
use the missiles but if we use the
missiles right we have to surface and
then they'll know exactly where we are
captain sonar is the game I'm talking
about and it's phenomenal game a
phenomenal game that will be hopefully
showing up on my doorstep soon I was I
was just about to purchase it from
myself cuz we had a great times like
this is a game we would all love playing
and then Lisa goes don't I haven't
bought you a Father's Day present yet
and she just went and bought it I was
like when this Father's Day weekend yeah
I was like that doesn't count as a
presidency like nope I bought it before
you it surprises a Prez
oh my god that's what I said I said that
doesn't count Oh check that doesn't
count as a Father's Day present
Oh Jack no later later on she gave me
the best Father's Day present which was
she agreed to drive home from up north
so I could well drink because we were
still doing stuff the Sunday morning and
I was like I was like you know but I
usually drive and we had some beer left
I was like yeah and you mind driving
home and you know it's a few hour drive
and she's like I'll Drive home so you
can day drinking is it great
great oh I should get ready
so yeah you shouldn't you're starting
with six people more people might join
mom says Jack you wind up late at night
to a phone call someone's kidnapped rich
they say if you don't pirate everything
Might Be Giants album and give it to
them they'll send rich in pieces what do
you do well why do I have to pirate it I
already own every day Might Be Giants
album so I could just give them a copy
of my fucking life was on the line here
Jack yeah yeah you want me to go to jail
for your life okay yeah I guess that's
fair yeah no I mean like it's Rich's
life of course or any fun but also
here's the thing
yeah you should never negotiate with
terrorists no you just give in to the
demands and save my life
but that just encourages them and others
to do the same rich just someone else
yes yes and we have no guarantee of
yourself how do we have any guarantee of
your safety right I am so I am so
so taking over these group of kidnappers
I'm gonna become their leader and we're
coming for you that's what we're doing
why because I stick close to my
principles you're welcome get away
the big house no no no car no car he
might not come here might not what's the
phone boxes there right dobo sam says
Jack how did you start freelancing how
did you self note and did you have your
own gear
at first I did not have my own gear at
first we me and the people I was making
stuff with we rented we rented gear
there there's a local place here in
Milwaukee and you had reasonable rates
and they were pretty yeah I mean and I
you know actually like fur at first
first you know we just shot on our own
janky-ass camera but then by the time by
when it came time to make real stuff we
rented our camera equipment and that
works for seeing people miss a battery
behind the mattress in this room it's
like lying on the ground sure okay oh
yeah no sometimes the letters can be
spent half the game looking for a
battery and when I was spectating I
watched somebody walk in this room and
then leave and I but I was spectating I
saw it there there it is but you can't
tell them no yeah I gotta be careful cuz
and you know like in your head you're
like okay I'm looking for gas can but
sometimes you see like you're looking
for that thing and you see a house like
oh this is already been checked there's
drawers open oh yeah you can't trust
people to be good at searching shit
though oh well and you know especially
this early in the game even if something
searched like they might have they might
already have a map but you don't so you
just gotta go in a number of times I've
been like oh they just walked right past
the gas can or here's an entire fucking
dresser they didn't search right oh here
are the car keys right
well we get to hear that great music
what's your plan huh what's your plan
okay see you on the map now see if he
thinks I'm here yep shit I gotta jump
out a window damn it oh wait now I got a
pocket knife inside suck it Jason I was
so dark in here now if only I had a
flashlight yep um gobo Sam went on to
say rich thanks to the Farscape
recommendation and did that laugh ever
get you in trouble
don't say it got me in trouble it's
annoyed people but anchor where you
going bro I have no plan that's why you
don't use buzzy unless you have a group
you're working with he's got me he does
well I can hopefully I can just distract
him long enough so other people can do
something Oh sneaky bastard oh the lame
kill
that's the worst kill lame that's the
worst uh I had no I had no plan and I
didn't have any resources behind my
pocketknife
okay so freelancing rich yeah yeah so we
started off renting and and that that
got me through a couple jobs uh-huh
that got me through maybe a dozen jobs
you know because what I oh okay because
what I would do is I would line up my
shoes you know and I'd say okay I'll
just shoot for you know like okay I got
this job I got this job I got this job I
got four shoots I need to do that's
going I'm going to do those four shoots
in three days
all right and so I will rent that camera
for three days export all of my footage
and and you know return the camera and
that that lasts me for a while then we I
we I got incredibly lucky god damn it
it's so dark
we got incredibly fortunate with with a
bigger job with a client we got we got
really really lucky with a bigger job
and I was able to take that money and
buy a nice camera and that rolled into
more jobs and more Jeff and you know as
far as self-promotion that's always
that's always gonna be tricky
no he's way over there oh my god to see
car I'm kind of ready right it's not
looking good no it's not it's not
looking good at all well then this Plan
B but find a female gofer kill find the
check you know what there's a big empty
space over by the graveyard let's have a
go ahead check out Lu one of the spots
and spawns by the graveyard yeah well
mood point until you got a female
counselor who can put on the sweater
sure but how did he just go scope it out
while he's killing other people okay so
self-promotion this is really really
tricky and I usually err on the side of
who not doing it check south of the
graveyard you see the the trail the
little trails on the map mm-hmm behind
you actually oh no I'm just looking
around and just seeing I'd just got a
help this spring all right I'm exploring
the grant be a jerk just I'm exploring
the crater to see if there's anything in
here like a stick I can't use a stick
like a stick I can't use this thing I
have a shotgun kind of like on the right
sure yeah and artists there it is
okay so now I'll point for you to go on
oh no I know I'm not going in there okay
there's a person down by this car
so we'll go we'll go check on them we'll
go see what they're up to
walkie talkie I found Jason's Shack it's
to the south of the graveyard if we want
to go for a Jason kill Shane piece wait
happenin we're still talking about
self-promotion oh I'm sorry I keep
getting distracted
yeah yeah generally speaking and I think
rich will agree with me on this
self-promotion is usually usually comes
across negatively let's chop down the
door
by sucker there's another person over
here
great shit over here
nope messing with someone else he's
messing with something else going inside
that house to kill them huh well I you
know what I gave him some extra time
that's all I could do use my shotgun to
I could have used that to save me mad
trap strats
Oh shame pcs I thought you were gonna
help me out with the self promotion
thing oh wait what am I gonna help you
out what am I supposed to do you're
supposed to agree with me that self
promotion is generally frowned upon oh
yeah you never want to be the person to
say how good you are at the thing you
are doing because it will always come
across like you're a jackass like you're
a jackass that person is burning to the
shack they've probably already got the
mask off and you're doing you're doing
nothing
you think yep no they're not running
other dead there's evidence you weren't
helping them I shot Jason I helped all
the time I helped all the time and they
Illya what what did they do for me they
died so you come across as a jackass the
that yeah the best thing you can do to
grow your business is to do good work at
reasonable prices and then you have to
trust a little bit inward mouth and you
know what there's a difference between
telling people what you do in self
promotion of clothes we have that car
just gas in a Kia huh anybody dead
around here yeah that person who died up
north get out of here build for cedar so
when you are growing your business
somewhere up there I don't know if they
know this one
in or near that house they probably ran
out of a house before they got murdered
so yeah you can do good work and if you
do good work
hopefully it rolls into itself
try not to self-promote too much that is
the end of the self promotion
now we may move on okay big guy um same
feces enriched hearing you so excited
about ducktales make me think you might
like a show called gravity falls I know
you can't recommend it shit all the time
but this show is similar in tone and
very very good I've heard about it
should have that show a shot at some
point I think I've seen an episode of
gravity falls but - I have kids so you
know all the cartoons start to blur -
where is that dead body
they ran north they probably ran to the
shack thinking you'd be there to help
them kill Jason that's my guess digging
around the house I don't know what
something I don't have anything I have a
health spray Richie that's all I have
I have nothing you have an accident
dream that's that's all I'm going on
right now where is this person oh there
we go there's a dead body hey I wasn't a
female counselor anyway all sorts of
stuff are those keys this is why ya look
for dead bodies and another helps free
the bodies were fine okay now we just
need some gas
ready Oh get radio and I have keys and
we need gas I have keys the four-seater
just needs gas there's anybody else
alive there's one other person alive you
should go to them okay go Tommy Jarvis
go
uh optimist no optimist no says have you
guys seen Batman and Bill the new
documentary about the quest to have Bill
Finger recognized as co-creator of
Batman it's available on Hulu and
Netflix right now thanks oh that sounds
like a great documentary oh yeah oh this
one a great documentary I've not heard
of it though I am familiar with Bill
Finger and his contributions he
basically created Batman
right I remember the stories okay we
have nobody left and no gas bill Kane
was drawn something stupid like a red
helmet and Bill Finger why don't you do
something like a bat and hey you like
the drew Hank you've given little is in
this cape it's got these little batwing
like things at the bottom they basically
just designed Batman just then like a
whim nice and then then built what's the
same Bob Kane okay took all of the
credit and all of the fortune and then
when the Superman creators Judge Joe
Chester Shuster and was the other one
John Shuster and Campbell Campbell no I
can't think of his name anyway when they
were trying to sue DC for like the
rights yeah well you know DC created
Superboy against their will instead of
like a lying with them Bob Kane just cut
some kind of like separate deal with DC
and that's that's why he eternally gets
credit you know Bob King creator of
Batman over everything Batman related
what a dick Bob Bob Kane we need your
help and Bob Kane she's like fuck y'all
oh fuck y'all she figured out the other
last name yet Jerry Siegel Thank You
Chester and CJ mr. Seagal you it yeah oh
yeah I've been it for a while and so I
don't even know I'm floundering shit
alright motherfucker let's do this
Oh what I was mid-swing oh that jaya
jason has a reach that is approximately
four inches longer than you think it's
going to be I think it's ping is a big
factor in that though oh yeah
yeah you're probably right it can seem
worse than it is if you've got a shitty
ping see yeah I want yeah I want him to
be purple and blue in this - that'd be
funny
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo jaggers's
red somebody kidnaps jack and tells you
to choose an animal that you would like
to become or he dies what animal do you
choose LOL recharge moji go cruise
something human I would choose human
candy for crows says hey guys here's two
dollars for the Sun prereq to e3 2018
fund nothing seems funnier than hearing
rich scream oh my god during every
Microsoft exclusive video keep up the
great work we don't you don't you don't
need to we don't need to we won't I
wouldn't want to I don't like large
crowds of people I'm not a big fan of
large crowds of people and I don't want
to sit through those boring ask
conferences right just so I can hear
what the shit they're releasing is right
right the shadow is greater than Batman
in theory the shadow is greater than
Batman I'd love to see I'd love to see a
proper the shadow film yeah I'd love
that I think I think the share the
shadow you you give a director with a
strong stylistic sense a shadow story
that got cools fuck just like a gritty
detective but with some mystical shit
happening
yeah awesome I want that I want it bad
that was called darkwing duck wait a
minute I don't think that was gritty a
movie anyway you excited for the gritty
darkwing duck cgi movie absolutely he's
gonna team up with the gritty Howard the
Duck yeah it's gonna be directed by
James Gunn and everyone will love it
inexplicably oh oh Darkwing I do i watch
dark wing Doug that was fine fine what's
arguing duck I again have no like
there's no like there's no hate for
darkwing duck but it was just like I was
fine that's funny I remember there is
now no good reason that Howard the Duck
can't appear in the new duck tail show
they're all owned by Disney now yes they
totally have Howard the Duck appear in
duck tales absolutely and have him have
them like show up with a dimensional
portal thing so it will be the same
Howard the Duck he could officially be
from the Disney universe that could be
where he comes from now yes yeah he
could be like he could like teleport in
from the MCU no nobody got a way around
that's how he gets to the MCU it can
happen in an episode of ducktales all
right I'm down
look at this outfit that's a great
outfit
I don't see what gonna happen here let's
see what we can make happen here we got
what we got got a fat load of nothing so
far on the shelf
I'm kind of near car but I should be far
enough away where Jason's not gonna
listen if around how should I respond to
that the anonymous know them that one
the guard oh I don't know come on guys I
don't know
come I don't know man sometimes
sometimes walkie talkie anonymous says
guys what did you think of Wonder Woman
and the lack of a superhero theme during
the no-man's land seemed do you agree
that it needed a Superman type theme
like John Williams would have written no
I didn't know
no it did that action sequence was
wonderful just the way it is the fine
scene was fine movie you've seen water
woman yeah we could talk about water
waters I don't have I don't have that
much to say it was just a fine movie
it's fine it's a fine movie that's the
thing to say about it you go is a fine
movie I just checked it I find something
I find one thing about it really really
interesting okay in the DC Cinematic
Universe now okay
Christianity is definitively false and
the one and true correct religion is
Greek mythology and Zeus that is
incredibly true Zeus who created
humanity's and Ares who we saw on screen
we saw we actually saw one of these gods
on screen yeah this is not myth yeah
that is incredibly true rich and
hilarious every movie you see in the DC
see you
Jesus is false
for all for all of zack snyder's Jesus
imagery Jesus is false in the DC
extended Cinematic Universe very true
that is very very true I think that's
great
could it be that Zeus created Jesus I
suppose that's possible yes okay man
trap strats that's great but yeah no no
man's no man's land which is the action
scene I've referred to as the greatest
action sequence in any DC movie and
three of them are terrible yeah this is
such a low bar well I also know also
better I'll put that better than a
better action sequence than anything in
Doctor Strange anything in ant-man I
haven't seen either of those so I can't
compare fuck it's a fantastic action
sequence it was an action sequence that
why when it was over I said fuck yes
whoo guess we got some gas
what what car are you at I'm currently
going to the four seater with Jason hot
on my tail
oh yeah I see that you're just passing
us yeah well I guess we're going to the
four seater I'm gonna show everyone how
much of a big - I might take that take
the backwards way over here dude you
what you do you jack but not upset Star
Wars Star Wars Star Wars Star Wars
ducktales Star Wars AIDS 9/11 riches
diabetes - an alcoholic I hate Jagger
what happened to girl at least you get
money for tips lol yeah that's all true
one of these Chasen's believe in traps
gas is in yeah we got a stun you got a
son really what I got a runaway from
Jason you gotta drop the firecrackers in
front of the car and put the battery in
while the firecrackers were active you
even have the firecracker perk oh shit
that's right my character does not do
that I'm gonna sneak around so Jason
won't know I'm coming rich I was
panicked I was panicked
oh no Tiffany's doing it drop the
firecrackers sprout the firecrackers put
the battery in who has the keys did
Tiffany have the keys
yep Tiffany oh please no let's pray
running away mum devil what get in that
car get in that car get in that car I
don't have the key oh fuck you who has
the key oh there we go there we go
I don't know where Jason is okay there
we go there we go
where is Jason he's waiting he's gonna
meet you somewhere along the way oh that
was so close did you see him he's out
inside the car
stay straight on this road
in a way at the main road it's right or
left it's about the same dealer way no
you you give very bad advice and I
almost think you're doing it on purpose
almost cuz Jason fucked up what the fuck
was Jason doing fucking up totally
Oh Jason totally fucked up
okay here we go I don't have a weapon I
will be absolutely no help if we stop
can you back up
where is he I don't know I can't look
behind me it's really upsetting
Jason is in front of this is incompetent
stocks purse they do
this is happening this is happening we
are gonna back up all the way there I've
never done this before is this happening
is this happening what happens if you
back up into Jason your car stops oh
yeah yeah that's the classic reverse
exit right there the collective worked
hey whatever works totally work yep
try looking behind you I'd press the
look behind me button and it did not it
did not work I did try looking back you
know once you hit the exit once you're
no longer in control the car tries to
turn itself around yeah
that's odd yeah yeah one of my favorite
things to do is it's a really fun camera
glitch is right after someone exits
click away from them if you're
spectating and then click right back and
you can actually spectate them past the
boundary lines and don't worry I'll go
with gee I love it yeah my favorite is
on the boat because then eventually like
the boat hits ground just keeps going
under the ground oh yeah yeah I had a
really great one where eventually the
boat disappeared but Tommy Jarvis didn't
so Tommy it was like just look like he
was an invisible boat is great it was
great no man's land Wonder Woman
fantastic action sequence you know what
you know what I what I liked the most
about that action sequence month and I
think this is super important to all
superhero movies is the hero part of it
mm-hmm I think I think you know for for
a bunch of movies Guardians included
there is there's a lack of just the hero
doing something like heroic right okay
okay and so like that sequence was
really great because they spent the
whole movie
Dianna was kind of being told where to
go right like like oh you gotta go here
you got to do this yeah this and she's
like but I want to go to where I can
help the people now you got to go ahead
and do this
and finally she was like uh uh
girlfriend and she did her own thing
right to be fair yeah uh Steve Trevor
Chris Pine yeah he was trying to help
people of course he was but he's not
used to superpowers and for him the best
way to do that was to destroy the
mustard gas plant of course no and
they're like of course he was going he's
like we can save 10 people or we could
save a hundred thousand one of them was
like no I'm gonna save them all but that
was it was good and well and you know
what are they doing here yeah well and
you know what that's the other thing I
really liked about no-man's land is it
was also not only was it an act
basically Superman did with Superman
Wonder Woman did what Superman should
have done yeah in the movies exactly but
like it was also a character moment it
was a character moment through an action
sequence which made it so much better
yeah she was a better Superman than any
of the Superman we've had in the DC use
of yeah yeah except I mean like she was
around in fighting during world war two
so I kind of dropped the ball on that
one Wonder Woman first matically yeah
for you know the the kind of morally the
gray view of humanity and war that they
were the good and bad in war I think
they could not use World War two they
could not well you know the Germans
they're just trying to well yeah
you know they're evil yeah they're even
when we need to stop button okay so
here's the question so Wonder Woman
originated during World War Two right
right and she was she was I don't think
the US was in again like late 30s wasn't
Wonder Woman I think because the whole
the whole reason that she was wearing
the stars and stripe because she left
semeth Gura to help the great nation of
america against the evil germans
right and so how many meetings do you
think needed to be had before they
agreed that it shouldn't be World War
two how many meetings do you like Wow no
I think they got as far as the story
they got as far as the story because
this story would not work with World War
two sure I don't I don't think that this
is a cynical we don't want to seem too
much like Captain America the whole
point was these people are all fighting
each other and they're basically
fighting each other over nothing which
is World War one and this war is just
really fucking stupid why is this
happening you know that that's
thematically what is going on in this
movie yeah yeah they're talking about
this murky gray area like well sure
Americans what's the gradient look at
they did in the end yeah who's they're
all the bad guys you can't do that with
World War two there are clear
well-defined bad guys what I'm saying is
as whoever wrote the movie was was
pitching right how many times do you
think like wow but you know her
character came from World War two can't
we do a world war ii thing like how many
how many times are like well we have
this idea we have this idea for a story
about you know the the gray area of war
and you can't really do that with world
war ii yeah yes the end boss battle of
Wonder Woman was lame agreed but I would
say no lamer than any of the early
Marvel movies and less lame than Batman
V Superman or Suicide Squad or Batman I
wasted my Jason on pixel Jason with the
no traps it's got three fucking traps
thank you Jesus good five yeah most of
them have five like one of them has
three I felt like I only had three but I
could have been wrong I'm just used to
I'm used to yeah egghead
Baghead with all the traps a lot more
traps
Bill Wilson says Bill Bowes am weird
request okay could you both say could
you both just say hey Bill this is a
clip for your video diary at the same
time two camera would really appreciate
it how'd you feel about this diary Oh
diary
you were completely off sync yeah
purposefully rich it was a stylistic
choice I know I know and I'm sticking by
I brought it up after that because I
thought that added some sugar to our
night okay maybe wrong Anonymous's wait
they took twice the same thing and did I
just miss one at some point both are
possible you know I read that earlier
anonymous Oh Star Wars Star Wars Star
Wars Star Wars ducktales Star Wars AIDS
9/11 riches diabetes Mike's not the
holic I hate Jagger what happened to
girl at least you get money for tips lol
and I know I read that before I don't
they tipped it twice but it's at the top
my tip list so I read it
Jason be around here
Oh Jason be real close apparently wonder
woman loves Steve Trevor after four days
that's every action movie love interest
every single one male/female otherwise
also she's more upset at that by the end
of the movie than the dead general who
effectively raised her her other mother
if you want to read into the lesbian
subtext battery she's more upset about
Steve yeah then she is about somebody
who was effectively one of her parents
at least as upset well you know what
it's that's hard to say like in context
because like also like there was so much
other shit going on oh I don't have a
map yet yeah there's a four-seater right
here someone like you know also like
after the the stepmom died like she her
whole world just exploded right after
after Robin Wright died like she like
she just learned about this other world
she learned about a war she learned
about everything so I was like it's hard
to say where her mind would be at that
point I I did miss a tip from earlier as
far as her falling in love with Steve
also the first man she saw happened to
be fucking Chris Pine I'd found month
look at that okay here's the thing rich
you've never seen a man before you know
what if I never seen a man before the
first time I see men I'm gonna be very
disappointed let me let me go back to
these women
well yeah you all right you know what
Touche Touche look if I were Wonder
Woman yeah I would be the biggest
lesbian biggest lesbian go on a place
called Paradise Island filled with women
filled with yes yeah yeah and in fact
she makes a little oh she makes a little
uh lesbian joke which I thought was
adorable I missed that oh yeah yeah
naira man I know men aren't needed men
men aren't needed men are only needed
for reproduction well there's the other
thing yeah we can do that I know I guess
here's what I'm saying as far as her
falling in love with Chris Pine is
concerned she sees Chris Pine in the
full nude look and fine as hell then she
goes to England and sees all the
normal-looking dudes and she's like
alright I got you know what I won the
lottery
this ripped ass motherfucker this
fine-ass motherfucker floated on my
Island I'm good I'm good I don't need
anyone else who else is she gonna find
Chris Hemsworth is not in that universe
Crim's hat Chris Hemsworth ain't coming
there
and the main characters of the story
fall in love that's just movies yeah
that's every every movie ever made
oh god we're getting out of here the
blue prism said hey guys Jack and rich
what techniques do you use to manage
stress when facing a large workload in
many different projects
thanks for the good times as always I
don't have any techniques I just have a
lot of stress in my life it's miserable
fucking miserable
I don't know where I'm going you have to
let me know left head north young man
I think you have room for one more Jack
yeah are you here oh yeah I'm here I'm
here I'm a hero I'm a hero
there we go
well way to take the wind out of my
sails I thought I was doing pretty good
sorry how do you deal with stress when
facing a large product project we're a
large workload in many different
projects yeah yeah that's a tough
question I don't know that I do deal
with stress it just eats at me
it's very horrible for my health yeah
like usually what I'll do is I'll ignore
other areas of my life I'll start eating
like shit I won't sleep nearly as much
as I should
you'll know it's really bad when like if
my hair and my beard ever get really
really grown out like it's just like
fuck it I don't have the 20 minutes it
takes to shave but but that's that's not
it's not they're not saying how do we
respond to stress they're actually
asking us how we get over stress Ryan
you finish what you're working on that's
the only thing you can do is get you
have to keep working and get a little
bit of it done you would be surprised
what a little 20 minutes of quiet time
would do you though here's what I will
say like I'm not a meditator kind of a
big guy I'm not I'm not saying like you
should meditate but just take 20 minutes
in a chair with your eyes closed and
don't listen to anything like don't
listen to music don't have the TV on
background and just clear your mind for
like 20 minutes you will get back to
work
super refreshed and like raring to go
but take that momentum I get a small
thing done hey I just finished a thing
now I can do another thing another thing
another thing another thing so you can
do it you can do it we believe in you
see a lot of people stopped to watch the
best of the worst based on the comments
I knew best just came up I yeah then a
select series or whatever we're kind of
we did Hollywood cop yeah just Hollywood
cop interesting we've been talking about
this for a while if people if people
know that it's out now we've been
talking about came out during the stream
no come on
are you shocked are you shot just don't
give shit about this they don't give it
a fine then I'm gonna fucks a couple
hours is all we're asking for just a
couple hours a couple hours a week gosh
darn it now see it's the Jack trigger
choice it's not even as mean as microjet
fucking with us it's us not being on
their radar it's worse than that it's
worse than them fucking with us oh yeah
so select series where are you done oh
I'm out I mean I'm out they like a
little bit left so I you know what I
like finishing the matches you get that
XP man I know it doesn't matter for you
because your level 8,000 already close
to 50 yeah alright okay where we are
whiskers cuddles sense if i donated 10
grand would jack remake hey hey he he
dressed as a clown if you donated
$10,000 yes you would want me to remake
okay
does everything need to be remade
including the song that's the question
and no matter what the answer is yes
absolutely that would be so easy to do
for 10 bands so there is no question the
answer is just yes but well I guess I'll
need obviously some more feedback like
do you want you know do you want me to
to make the to remake the song or is it
just the video using the old song yeah
now for 10 grand that'd be that's I mean
duh okay what kind of a really easy
question frenzy says every day ends with
a tums festival what is that
it's from the best of the worst it's
from Hollywood County oh okay Brian
cruises
thanks for the solo what's your stream
Jack watched it while in hospital it was
my 36th month anniversary but I was
pre-fire cracked one month early by rich
for having cancer that's right thanks
rich
you're welcome I was having a good time
playing The Witcher funny can't you
someone wanted to know if they paid me
$10,000 if I would remake an old video
that people like to point out that is
bad even though I still enjoy it I still
like the hey hey hehehe
I make poo poo and pee pee song I think
it's funny good I think it's silly but
someone was asking if I would remake it
dressed as a clown and of course the
answer is yes but you know then like
there's just so many questions where
it's like do I would do I have to remake
every single shot you know ten grand for
ten grand yes so let's assume you have
to go all out for ten grand
well like you know like is this is this
a shot-for-shot you know there's a lot
of effects in it right there's a lot of
green screen so is this a shot-for-shot
remake or do I get to make a new
interpretation I think that's up to you
they're not paying didn't say they were
paying for editorial control I said one
single request to remake it right riot
crew also says also did you guys receive
the card game star realm
that I sent just checking to see that
you got it oh I did yeah I did get that
that is on my board game shelf whenever
we have board game night it is an option
okay red letter Medea says hey rich or
other man I guess that's me what would
have been your ideal story for a
Ghostbusters three aside from there
shouldn't have been one at all because
that's a lazy style of answer you guys
fall back on commonly that's the only
answer I have Ghostbusters is a perfect
movie it did not need more expansion it
worked because if who was in it the
performances they gave and an idea that
at the time was novel right like it
started going south at Ghostbusters -
yes that's not a lazy answer that's an
honest one that's my honest opinion I
have been against the idea of a
Ghostbusters three since forever since
forever every time dan Aykroyd used to
bring it up yeah and they were they were
gonna be the mentor starting a new
generation I said don't why would you do
that it's good it's going to be worst
worse no matter what you do yeah it's
not gonna be worth it yeah yeah and you
like it like I said like like everyone
says you saw that immediately when the
same group of people got back together
and couldn't quite reignite the farm
even though it was the same great people
right that's not a dodge that's just my
opinion right yeah exactly yeah Jordana
rich what if it was in the 90s and Bill
Murray was into a - they did it with
ghostbusters - which arguably is not as
good a movie as Ghostbusters also the
heart of the story in ghostbusters is
people starting a business right it's
not about the the ancient demon wants to
take over the earth plot that's like a
that's like a side story right right
it's about them creating
successful business thing they've
already done that
I don't care well I think the king of
the under realm in the part three should
look for the ancient tome of knowledge
and they have to fight yeah no no it
could be me it could be me it's Baghead
oh yes burn had to Jason's and one night
rich this is like this is like this is
crazy
okay okay mommy yeah I wouldn't make
them suffer her that's great I got a
little bucket over there buckets are
important wonder if the the tapes are in
here like if someone needs to go into
Jason's Shack to find the tapes Baghead
Jason go to the phone hello oh there's
someone in the house too hello
I'm here someone just locked that door
yeah shit happens
anonymous says dear rich and Jack thank
you for giving me an excuse to kick my
friend out of my house whenever you guys
go live you truly are the true bros keep
up the great work
PS hi Kat thank you why are you kicking
people out of your house when we show up
okay what happened he said he said he
kicked someone out of the house whenever
we showed up hello
I don't have my sense yet or my shift
but I see you here and I'm gonna chase
you down what'd you do look at the
running they were down that hill I
thought but I could be wrong use your
sense again don't have it yet you do no
oh wow you got far away I don't think
that's you that's a Vanessa
Vanessa's get far away Vanessa's get far
away oh hey the car thanks for leading
me to the car
going to trap young trap oh I put that
way too far away from the gas can and
the trapped oh the doors open
silly silly any work hardly matters huh
that door hardly Oh bunny boyfriend says
hey rich when are you finally gonna
shave your head I think it would really
suit you also can we expect a rich Steve
solo stream or have you already done one
I've already done one and for one thing
I don't think the shaved head would suit
me my head is too round I would look too
much like Charlie Brown for another
thing I can't do that with Jack having a
bald head we would be two bald men and
as I've said before it would look like
we were in some kind of cult together
yeah yeah we could we could never do a
show where two bald men who I'm gonna
get distracted I'm getting too
distracted oh you dick Beluga blue news
three five nine says hello from Alaska
again hi
finally catching a stream after my first
year at Central Washington as a music ed
major and you guys can play whatever
games you want us not the games you play
it's you guys thank you thank you very
much
oh but oh we got a pocketknife
I can never die red-letter Madea hello
rich and bad eyesight rich no do you
have any opinions on simon Pegg's anti
geek culture rant from a few months ago
i haven't heard the rant i would likely
agree with it cage says rich did Fred
Levin call you back and help you land
the plane have you ever heard back from
your crank calls no because of these
people probably well obviously it's a
it's a prank
and it's an obvious prank in both cases
and secondly whatever whoever has the
number now it's probably not wait what's
the front line the same Fred the vine
the same people or not I think one of
them was the same people anyway I've
never heard back from them this guy's
doing a great job of distracting though
this guy's doing a great job yeah you
know what I'm gonna let him be I want to
think he I'm gonna let him think he won
that's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna give him a little breathing
room I'm gonna lay me some traps oh
hello trap trap trap trap trap trap in
the house you mentioned that the culture
is capitalism's way of mental
infantilizing the consumers my point
look I'm commerce shit because she has a
pocketknife
that's why you have a pocketknife
grabber grabber now she's just weakened
fireplace you can still go for whatever
it's too late oh no ow there we go this
is the one I want this is the one I want
cool and then oh oh it's not the head
twister I just got to level 20 yeah so I
am - is rich since you started cutting
your hair shorter you look right no need
for a shaved head
you're at peak hair for you I'm glad you
guys exist I'm full of vodka thank you
oh we're the cops I've been called shit
son someone just triggered my trap rich
know which trap though which trap
probably a car trap Oh who's trying to
put a battery in Oh wrong car shit wrong
car wrong car wrong car
they're putting a battery in the other
car
god dammit dammit whoa it's fine jack
it's fine I did it they put a battery in
there fine trap trapped all right I'm
not doing a great job killing people
I'll be honest with you that
incidentally that trap you put in front
of the driver's-side door yeah
useless what do you mean you can get
around that yeah will they know how to
get around it yes you you just once you
hit the a button prompt to get in the
car door you walk over the trap no
problem and you just get in the car okay
bitch I just want to kill this guy so
much you go after him when no one else
you have the power yeah I feel like he
knows what he's doing though
next I was just seeing if I could like
do anything against the table that was
quick considering he didn't have a
pocket knife a wonderful you did have a
pocket knife
no because you had the highlights come
up that doesn't happen if they have a
pocket knife oh he must have he must
have he might be using a macro no
there's also that perk that you can that
you can get out of a since Joe called
really easily oh he's fast too look at
him what a son of a bitch kill his ass
huh kill his ass
he is so fucking fast red-letter Madea
says hi jack and dick very very brief
guardians to thoughts loved it
I thought it's kind of mediocre shit
I am Chester says hey guys what do you
think was the better iconic Jason type
in the movies the deform mutant the deep
for mutant human Jason or the
supernatural undead demon Jason no fine
this guy is a pain in the ass he is a
giant pain in the ass
ah
I will get you even if everyone else
gets away I will get you son-of-a-bitch
why is he so good rich Rhys you know
what this game is gonna suck after the
free weekend you think with this free
thirteen thousand CP everyone's gonna
have amazing perks this guy has great
perks if he shouldn't be that fast
now that character is not a fast
character this is bullshit something's
fishy about like this character right
and he's knocking me down really easy
he's very fast and he's getting out of
choke holds very easy could be a ping
thing I'm calling a slight amount of
shenanigans I'm calling a very slight a
lot of shenanigans here there is a hack
out for the game look at how fast he's
moving yeah shit the cops are here
oh crap no get out of here get out of
here look at how fast he is
and he kill you can get just do it
oh good I feel better about that now
yeah feel full mother how many are alive
on to to well listen this area okay
three four okay for alive yeah yeah I
got a lot of killing to do rich I know I
know
hi yo ya know where they are I know
where they're going really might be spam
you do you you you I got guns and shit
oh bugger they're getting away
yep I thought I could get at least one
more oh so there's one more out there
there is out there far away too good oh
well you know what I killed the one jerk
I wanted to go so really to me it's a
personal victory it was the only two to
actually get out yeah cuz I killed you
know bad you have to kill this person oh
yeah
saving my saving my mojo
hello X X
yeah nice one of the most powerful jason
abilities is the ability to turn off
your music yeah and that's what I did
there I turned off my music I you know
located him Tyron said says what were
your thoughts on Seth MacFarlane's
comedic Star Trek series I'd be
interested if MacFarlane wasn't the
fucking lead actor on it that's that's
my only problem it looks far more
interesting than discovery which looks
terrible right you know I'll take over
yeah I've been Hagen I got to Jason's
I'm good
oh you have to invert look thank you
thank you have I got an 8 out of 8 yet
oh yeah yeah I've gotten the hardest
part about getting 8 out of 8
yeah it's people dropping out when the
match begins because they're mad they
didn't get to be Jason yes that's the
absolute hardest part about it it's hard
to find just a full a full map but yes
I've gotten a full eight kill I've
gotten out unscathed before like you
know I've been doing fairly well I've
had some rough days and some some good
days today was a really good Friday the
13th day but I think I talked to you on
Monday Monday I was having the fucking
worst luck finding people just nothing
but dickheads oh shit speaking of
and it's 8:30 so I should really stop
drinking coffee but check out that mute
button rich sea monkey boy there we go
thank you
it's very easy to mute people which is
nice voice chat was a mistake now it's
good for the actual game you need it
know people know exactly how to use
headset mics they're doing that on
purpose they're being loud and obnoxious
on purpose because in general people are
dickheads and I've been recording all of
my footage so when we talk about this
during the episode I'll cut to the
people being obnoxious
um I'm not I'm not very fond of the
people who are music stations instant
mute did it was that on stream or was
that somewhere else where somebody was
playing Smash Mouth all-star over and
over again somewhere else that I had a
Jason who was playing different remixes
of Smash Mouth all-star and so any time
Jason would come close I would hear some
body and it was hilarious because it
became more frightening than the real
music it was great it was fantastic out
of knowing after a while because then
just like smash what you'd hear Smash
Mouth all-stars circling the the cabin
you are in but
me
