Episode 123
Killing Nazis, Sweet! (Part 1)
July 30, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bz6CJSZVP1Q
___________________________________________

what there we go wait yeah I gotta turn
us down no turn us up now button I'm
live just a bit like there there should
be good knows I tried the desktop audio
up because of because of because of
sound right sure sure
hold on I'm gonna let me see if I can
mess with the color of our lights a bit
more ver very blue I know I know
I think there's a problem with the white
balance I think it's a white balance
issue oh I'm sure fine huh it's fine do
we look slightly better now I want
transformers no no too much too much
right come over here you the comedy role
is threes come over I can't get it over
to the big screen I'm sorry there we go
I just wanted to make it bigger to see
if I can see if we looked terribly blue
still look good on the screen okay great
yeah then we're fine our lights now are
very orange but that'll be fine hi
everybody welcome
did you change chatty to what game we're
playing yeah sorry you do it and you
know what I have a whole mousepad over
here that I'm not using I'm using the
couch cushion like an asshole
hi welcome everyone sorry for the
lateness we were we just got done
filming an episode yeah and and it time
flew by we talked that we talked about
about Friday the 13th for about an hour
and we were not necessarily prepared for
that so I vote fing Stein via playing is
there for finish line
look look Jim and Colin were in town so
obviously we film nothing but those few
joke videos nothing else you filmed
nothing else at all okay here we go
voting stein and now you're none of your
presets are set right oh I know I was
it's gonna take a little bit to to
adjust everything for the new Mouse I
asked beforehand and I'll ask again I
ask beforehand whether you wanted me to
start new or pick up where my sync up
new I know such a long freaking week for
me my brain is fried okay oh well yeah
and for the chat to like do you want to
see the game from the start I'm gonna
probably scan
cutscenes there are a lot of cutscenes
yeah by the way whoever recommended this
game to me forgot about all the goddamn
cutscenes because jesus H crisp there's
a lot of cutscenes Jack has played this
a little bit I am I am going to probably
this weekend yeah I play I've been
playing this and you know what it's not
bad it's not bad at all
I've got to change some key bindings oh
I reload it you go Heat oh is that are
already nice no N okay let's see here
look left alright next weapon previous
weapon great jump
I like oh that's already spaced great
sprint I like Rich you will love and be
good at this that's fine right now it's
there been some marathons over here at
rlm headquarters you've been working all
week all week you've been working Oh
Skype Skype just sent me a notice to say
I can send all of the cat photos I want
that was that was a worthy use of my
attention well great I mean now you know
you can send all those get photos how do
you turn the shaft on it fucking stupid
action center poor shit great oh here we
go use we need to we need to change to
something like Oh nope nope nope that
was a wrong button
yeah at the wheel has never put to good
use
we do have an amazing movie to talk
about and an amazing filmmaker but I
can't I can't I can't send my phone no
you can't spoil you can't spoil it and
we did this experiment with the wheel oh
yeah and didn't work out so well you
know I'm trust you guys it's something
see if you can hold on to it oh that's
right that's right I would have I would
have disclosed what what the film was
they could watch it ahead of time and be
ready that's right now you tried you try
your office fucking blabbermouth you
gave them a little piece of information
to see if they blab then they blab and
now oh we have got some juicy dirt some
juicy shit something you guys are gonna
eat this shit out of and we can't tell
you because we've ruined it you've
ruined it all okay so this is use throw
grenade what do I want throw grenade as
I throw grenades a lot okay it's not
Neal Breen you already fucking know
about Neal Breen oh you wish it was Neal
brain this this is something brand
spankin new holy F we also want to get a
little wider a little bright yeah a
little brighter maybe and gonna have to
85 it has nothing to do with Neal brain
nothing at all it's great oh I wish we
could tell you I wish we could you know
what I really could trust you enough to
tell you
yeah see this is a difficulty level yeah
can i play daddy that's a throwback is
it from the original oh yeah yeah that's
funny yeah you know this is something I
was experienced at home and I just
thought it was my weird mouth it almost
seems like the mouse has a delay that
one's oh that could be related to do a
vsync lease Inc turn for you sing golf
Iola alone also that's got a sensitivity
button right under the mouse wheel oh
yeah if you feel sluggish just hit that
one
you think disabled
or mouse acceleration they're saying
what you're probably in controls Mouse
smoothing is off mouse sensitivity is
kind of where I had it at home yeah okay
let me see here
yeah it feels better did you hit that
button under though I did not hit it
once okay yeah I hit it once and yeah
this feels a little bit better you know
we'll try it if I'm if I'm losing
basically what I'm saying is if I lose
I'm blaming the mouse so heads up all
right I did bring him on this is medium
difficulty I might be able to handle
hard difficulty but you know we're just
gonna try to make it through so
Oh Thank You hackpad yes this is my
nunchuck controller the frag shark
actually someone very recently this guy
the the grifter someone recommended the
grifter to me and I do not like it at
all what's wrong with it what's wrong
with it is where my thumb naturally
lands is on the buttons not on the
joystick and so it's like it's an extra
reach it has a lot more buttons than
than my right Chuck
then my frag Chuck which is great but
you don't like the control knob I don't
like the knob and it only has two
buttons on the back here yeah a trigger
and it actually it's kind of clever like
you push forward to press the button
yeah but awkward you can't hit him both
at the same time like can it run and
jump like if I need to run a jump like I
can do with my frag Chuck so you know
what but it was a decent price
continuity was what's the deal here is
just a total reboot I have no idea I
have no idea where did the original
Wolfenstein happen for what it's worth
ha ha ha a quite pot oh why did he tell
me to do something probably he did I
remember this because I played this
already all right I go to the tool nope
where's the tool cabinet again
fires doobie sandwich cents Ruby
sandwich movies become video games and
video games become movies why is each
medium following the wrong influences of
the other and are they better off being
segregated I'm probably better off being
segregated yes as far as why they follow
the other I think movies are just being
made increasingly more and more by a
video by a generation who grew up on
video games what was the question
movies become video games and video
games become movies why is each medium
following the wrong influences of the
other it's it has yeah it has nothing to
do with the mediums following each other
it's the creator's wanting to do
something else
right oh no bombing the wrong one that's
fun and it's it's keybindings that I
want to be in some reason here Oh mom
use Kay but all acade takes me out yeah
that's a horrible quote to take out of
context cuz you know damn well what I'm
talking about
hey Jay
okay yeah just K great anonymous sis
yeah
this is the water and this is the well
drink fallen descend the horse is the
white of the eyes and dark within okay
Oh said oh no it's not probably a twin
peaks' thing sure
probably oh that's Oh whoopsie that's
why what's going okay I know what's
happening now everything's fine
sorry a new controller a new mouse I got
it you British fuck Irish fuck chap
don't those spoiled twin twin pigs four
people yeah I'm still gonna one don't be
a dickhead zombie dicks
stop yelling at me I'm doing it
blaskowitz blast the wits what a great
name it was related to Commander Keen
okay ladies commander Keynes great
grandfather or great-grandfather I don't
know from the Commander Keen games
I remember the commander King games yeah
and speculated to be related to the do
marine in the Wolfenstein RPG game they
did for Android yeah I know you end up
fighting a demon
near the end yeah that that looks
suspiciously like the cyberdemon before
I had its arm and leg amputated by you
in the Wolfenstein game interest
shooting not says will finish Stein RPG
what as an Android thing I haven't
played it I just heard about it like a
touchscreen yeah oh I died they also
mated to doom RPGs for Android oh yeah
yeah
and it does it look like the old
first-person shooter but it's like but
you know it's like those old dungeon
crawlers where you yeah yeah Oh fun fun
stream is down for you sorry refresh
your page you're a jammy bastard mister
says good news guys okay back for my two
week vacation which means it's now okay
for you to play wandering Souls I know
you're excited it's okay so am I our
cmcm we might play holo night as I
picked up holo nights as part of the GOG
summer sale mahalo night was
ridiculously cheap bonus holo night that
was the metroid ish one but very
cartoony i kept jumping around remember
like you were a bunny person you said
you said this is a game jack would want
to play okay our CMC me-80 forces
finally back to a stream after a month
not much to say tonight other than
here's some money and hope you have a
good night thank you we hope so too yeah
you know what I think that so far
tonight's going great today's going
great today's a great day rich we filmed
an episode
I ate it a new ramen place for lunch
yeah there's a new rule there's a new
ramen place downtown
so for lunch the wife didn't have to
work and so hey we're like hey let's go
out and be adults and do adult things
let's go eat weird food what we're
spending an awful lot of time in this
plane not shooting it nonsense I know I
know
wait till we get to all the cutscenes
man and you know what like I am what
this is what no no this is not a
cutscene this is this is technically
story happening while I'm in central
this is technically a a cutscene
disguised as gameplay exactly it's not
fucking there's not fucking put the wool
over our own eyes come on technically
speaking I'm not leaving the game we a
lot of cutscenes and I enjoy the story
overall just being you know you know you
joined the resistance and alternate
future and oh shit it's fun it's cute is
what it is okay so now we have to do
this Oh wrong button wrong button
everything right I forgot how to run a
gym it's fine you know it's it's
alternate alternative future where the
the Nazis win were the World War two and
then you know you fight with the
resistance and it's neat it's a neat
setting but a ton of cutscenes you know
you know what that was wow this is you
know this is what this is a cutscene you
can't skip right that's right now that
nc like to me like this is tutorial you
know
they just taught me how to run and jump
this is how you this is this is why the
new spider-man game looks terrible as is
maybe it won't be every fuckin boss
fight is gonna be that shit that horse
shit that steaming fresh horse shit yeah
that's that's right motherfucker
speaking you're spider-man you know what
I was reminded of today that I had
forgotten about for a while
bag head spider-man oh the Fantastic
Four outfit remember that was my
symbiote and and they they lend him a
fantastic part says he's got nothing to
get home in yeah put a bag on his head I
was a reminder that now go remember the
the other bit with that Johnny Storm we
put the second kick me sign on his back
yeah I bet some comics for fun yeah I
thought I yelled I thought I was really
cute and so I looked it up and they
actually released limited a bag head man
spider-man action figure unfortunate now
it's like super expensive on eBay and
stuff but but I was just recently
reminded of bag head spider-man and man
oh man got a neat thing yeah hold on
here's what we got to do we got to slap
this - slap me slap me wake up great
he's okay now everything's fine oh yes
every day ends with a thomas festival
rich now that we're able to talk about
it without spoilers and for any jackass
who got banned because they mentioned
tums festival you were warned plenty of
time to jackasses now that we're able to
talk about the tums festival yeah I mean
you messed up shit happens you messed up
bad man what do you want nothing you
know 100% perfection all of the time
expecting nothing less from you you need
to know that I expect nothing less from
you rich I thought that was very fine I
can only see the future Jack I do not
see the past you're asking me about
something that already happened in a
movie I have no idea you're right you're
absolutely right
I skipped it I skipped that goddamn
cutscene you know why we were in the
water and he was talking about war and
war being heck you know what war is man
Wars heck no knowing what happened past
tense in a movie
yeah that's your stick not mine Jack
that's true you could say you everything
that happened if I would have been that
rich if I would have been there you
would have you would have been shut down
before it could be coming a bit cuz he
would have believed me right if I would
have said no he said okay Jack has a
super power I believe Jack oh but you
didn't believe J I clearly remembered it
being the samurai cop chief saying that
obviously I was wrong obviously by E
Brown Adam Sandler says Netflix
announced choose your own adventure
movies what is that different from
telltale is there a line where something
becomes a game you often say something
isn't a game and does it even matter
probably not button who cares you know
if it's a choose-your-own-adventure
movie like then it's called something
different right and the expectations are
different then like the telltale games
aren't called to choose your own
adventure game they're choose the only
adventure there well they're just called
game you know Story games here's the
thing here's the thing having an actual
like choice involved that would affect
outcomes in wildly different matters
that be something that would be an
actual choose your adventure tell tales
is hit the X buttons until you get to
the place where we're going to matter
what the fuck you do
I did him I did it I killed him
flirty exes hey guys I know everyone is
excited about summer games done quick
summer games done quick but I want to
let everyone know that all summer long
the final fantasy 5 for job Fiesta is
running where people play a modified
Final Fantasy five for charity
just that one game God that sounds
miserable my favorite bits from the
games done quick marathons yeah are the
games you haven't heard of before like
like a 4 a.m. and they're just playing
weird shit like like I didn't even know
there was a Wayne's World game on the
Super Nintendo and they're playing that
you know what I'll be with you on that I
did not know there was a Wayne's World
game on the Super Nintendo and somebody
has mastered it just for the sake that
it's not popular and nobody else is
playing it and he can possibly get a
world record doing it sure so that's the
game they learned that's grenades
nope nope
it's knife
I want that to be grenade okay hold on I
don't I currently don't have a grenade
button which is the wonderful thing
about tutorial levels is they and do and
when you're rebinding a lot of keys it's
like nope I'm not in any danger right
now but I sure will need a grenade
button all right angry video game nerd
reviewed that years ago I didn't watch
that so it was still new to me when I
saw it on awesome games done quick okay
oh there you go
excuse me that was an ugly burp throw
the game's brightness a bit high or is
this how it's supposed to look
oh I might have accidentally turned up
the brightness so you know and my key
binding for grenade isn't working so I
well I'll go change some things I might
have accidentally turned up oh yeah you
know what I turned up the brightness
when I meant to turn up the field of
view let's turn it down to like it's
it's also tough to say because like the
way it looks on the TV is slightly
different than you guys see it and so
this should look alright for you but for
some reason why am I not throwing
grenades rich and cephalo pathetic says
because you cuz your bindings and
cephalo pathetic so rich and Jack after
your streams I went and bought Friday
the 13th there's great games you're
Jason strats have helped me be an
acceptable Jason hey nice but sometimes
I can't catch that last counselor any
tips advice well first things first
you might unfortunately be dealing with
that guy and that guy doesn't want to
play the game he's just the troll and
he's probably glitched on top of a roof
or under a bridge oh sure we're out of
the map or somewhere else that is simply
inaccessible by Jason there are
jackasses that do them and there are a
lot of them unfortunately
if it's somebody just legit hiding
somewhere here's the strategy
don't underestimate fear okay what what
what what makes stealth possible is is
basically not having fear if you're if
you're very brave if your composure is
very high you're not gonna show up on
Jason's sense as well like they're not
gonna show up bright red for you which
is gonna make them insanely hard to find
so don't underestimate when you can't
find that last person just going around
just destroy all of the light generators
the electric boxes get those lights off
that will slowly raise their fear which
will make them easier to find over time
so destroy the generators and then just
keep teleporting around and keep keep
using your sense don't use it for long
at a time just turn it on long enough to
do a quick look around and see if
anything red jumps out at you and then
turn it off so you don't have to wait as
long for the cooldown yep there you go
that's a good strat those are my those
are my strats well you know also yeah
keep keep a note of you know what what
else important is left to sometimes
though the last person is just gonna be
willing to settle for waiting it out yep
and they could just be hidden really
well they might be on the edge of a map
some people do that they don't hide in
the building though they'll go out to
like the edge of the map somewhere so
don't don't neglect checking
out-of-the-way places that are in the
middle of nowhere that happens oh
absolutely
I supposed to be down here I was bummed
Friday 13 that wasn't part of the steam
summer sale it's too new it's too new
and they've got people buying it for
full price it'll be on the next sale
swish hey guys hey guys
a bit sad Sweden lost one of her more
famous actors Oh
oh yeah that guy from the original girl
with the dragon tattoo just died
Michael new newest lung cancer 56 years
no intern from known intern for main bad
guy and John with one still yeah I'm
Betty White is 95 and Mel Brooks turned
91 today Mel Brooks turned 91
yeah and I'll bastard still kicking
sometimes they are at that age it's a
good sign that's great
good old Mel Gibson you know you know it
was on at the ramen place Blazing
Saddles classic fine movie that plays
themselves right there is the kid oh you
fucking dick what is the best Mel Brooks
movie we have this discussion we've
probably had this discussion oh there's
I mean there's so many good Mel Brooks
movies Spaceballs yeah is up there
Blazing Saddles is up there the
producers is fantastic I don't know what
I'm willing to say it's his best but I
think history of the world heart one is
underrated so the Jews in space
oh shit bullshit
yeah I mean there's so many good ones
how do you even pick all of them except
for Dracula dead and loving it basically
and you just count his like directorial
comedies like their shitty produce that
you would like I think it was like the
executive producer on the fly wasn't he
Elephant Man oh it was an elephant man
he's the executive producer of Elephant
Man yeah and and of course he wanted his
name nowhere on because he's a comedian
he's famous comedian he thought people
would think it was a joke I think I
think it's a flaw I think it's the same
thing with the fly did he produce the
fly the Cronenberg fly yeah chat is that
true cuz that's amazing what where I
heard him talking about it and I think
it the same thing came up like an
interview from like decades ago like
yeah you don't want my name to be on
that you know you know want people to
know that Mel Brooks was involved with
the fly right try to sing it is true
that's a mate oh he's so much cooler
he's so much cooler
gotta get dog fucking Nazi dog eat it
Nazi dog
you too dickhead get out of here
shit shit god I suck the blue prism says
funny how a couple of rasp rabble
rousers in chat can ruin shit for the
rest of us it's true don't hate us good
to see you guys back after the Father's
Day break once again thanks for the good
times oh wait
I don't blame all of you and I know
which is one or two people who are going
to be dicks when they want to be dicks
but I still can't tell you what movie we
watched because of those one or two
dicks no it wasn't just a test for you
guys like you know it wasn't a test for
anyone specifically you're not a hive
mind I know that yeah we've been back
since father's day we did last week
Wednesday I know we took two Sundays off
in a row oh shit
yes World War Z was written by Max
Brooks but the awesome book and not the
locky movie who's coming back for the
sequel to that they just you know they
just announced like a big a good
director and Brad Pitt's coming back for
the sequel I don't care and that crazy I
really don't care
fantastic book yeah he loved World War Z
yes I wrote The Zombie Survival Guide
which everyone thought was a comedy
because he was Mel Brooks son and it's
not right what what makes the Zombie
Survival Guide grades because yeah if
Tom bees were a thing this is what you
would want to do it's it's written as
practical advice
speaking of sci-fi we all know the alien
versus Predator movies were bad
how about alien versus the thing well
the thing would just win like really
easily oh yeah that's kind of the things
thing there we go
I'm pretty liberal with you take all the
things take all the things shit who's
that some crackhead says thanks for the
haha funny giggles boys chest talking
about defending your life now that is
that is an underrated movie Albert
Brooks movie with Meryl Streep I believe
oh yeah about the afterlife okay he dies
and it doesn't quite go to heaven he
goes to this place where he's put on
trial but they they put over a nice
hotel while his life's being like judged
yeah yeah and and you know he's kind of
pathetic but you know he falls in love
with Meryl Streep and this kind of like
afterlife waiting area resort and she
was just a complete fucking saint when
they like review his life it's always
just like pathetic shit oh when they're
going over her life it's all like you
know she's rushing into burning
buildings or saving drowning people
defending your life was awesome I don't
think Albert Brooks gets enough praise
he's a good Nisa he's a funny guy I like
I like the things he's done there's no
they're probably not going to end up
going to the same place I mean it's true
it's a great movie it's a great we got
to see this I got to see this I like
Albert Brooks
dish to rodent guys guys don't write off
wandering souls just because of the
anime graphics the gameplay a solid
demand similar to other games you've
played in love to bed I know you guys
would like it if you gave it a chance
it smells somewhat important right it's
the thing you're looking at all this
thing you're looking at all game kind of
important and I think we I want to say I
just cut up a stream where we have this
exact same conversation and if there's
any of that like anime bullshit cutscene
where we're done daddy what are you
watching we're fucking done he's alive
why is there video some yellow that's
that's what I'm reading because we
overcompensated because we look blue
yeah we did look blue I think I can take
that gun with me
shit
j.r.r love Krabs's so what was the
clickbait drop-off over the weekend from
Thursday to Monday worse than Batman V
Superman this rlm Transformers Canada
review Cinematic Universe is not off to
a good start
I'm afraid oh why are people so pissed
about what was very obviously a joke
people don't like jokes Richy
like what I don't understand what
they're mad about it's not like what are
we cheating them out of an actual
discussion of Transformers 5 we were
never going to do that right we did that
for like the third one after that it's
redundant we were never going to do that
yeah they're mad about that and it's not
like it's not like they took time away
from us doing other things we've been
filming like mother fuckers this whole
whole weekend and then some you know the
the the Jim and Colin transformers 5
review yeah all said and done that took
less than 45 minutes oh I believe it we
shot we actually you know shot the first
part while waiting for Mike to show up
we had we weren't gonna be able to do
anything else anyway right waiting for
Mike to show up and then Jay literally
edited edited while I was getting the
wheel ready right figuring out how to
rig the camera right but via people know
people don't want that they they want
they want another fresh and funny
analysis of what is now the fifth movie
in a franchise if if we didn't put those
up you know what else would have went up
well these last few days I mean
absolutely nothing yeah it would have
been absolutely nothing else going up
now the new wheel required a little bit
of extra camera engineering you'll get
it yeah and I wish you guys would have
called me on that I have a way simpler
way to do that than what you guys ended
up doing seeing the monstrosity back
there I hope you got plenty of behind
the scene pictures it's hilarious I
don't think we did
oh it's hell it's a hilarious and
adorable but I have a way easier way to
do that so next time we do a wheel I got
the joke it wasn't funny well we were
all laughing hysterically so eat that
second deck you gun do-do-do-do-do it's
you know sometimes the jokes don't land
just the repetition yes no and see you
know like I didn't I obviously I did not
know that you guys were doing that yeah
and then and I was I was shooting all
week I was I was busy all weekend and
all of a sudden I look in my youtube
feed and I see three videos for
transformers 5 in my youtube he and I go
nope I know something's up after the
first one I don't understand why people
didn't get it instantly that no this
this next one also isn't going to be a
serious video right I mean this is a
freaking review episode do you think
we're gonna do transformers 5 which is
in theaters now oh right and then the
Plunket video shows up and you just
slightly like anyone who didn't get it
at that point come on come on so it's
just a joke people these are the jokes
these are the jokes Brown Adam Sandler
says Jack yes Brian Adam Sandler
I had to tip again to thank you for your
reactions to my name I love it otherwise
it may take some luster off of the name
but I chose it because I am from India
and make bad jokes oh I think it's know
that see I that's all I wanted was a
little backstory like brown Adam Sandler
why I loved it no I loved your name
never changed everything never change
anonymous says if you write best of the
worst episodes of your favorite to least
favorite what would be the median
episode median I don't know and that's
the nature of being the median of
anything yeah yeah man that's the tricky
that's a tough question no I don't know
sorry dude
Daniel from s tells us hey how's it
going my loving in the stream goes very
well you know what it's going well
Wolfenstein had a question regarding the
content on the prereq YouTube channel
that caught my eye is it just me or have
you ever had a dream so real
you just couldn't be oh you know I know
what's going on here
I don't even understand the question
first of all have you guys been able to
see us this whole time maybe see which
us second of all we forgot to change the
text no you didn't know I didn't know
third of all I think I know why the game
looks this way sorry I looked over at
the game again and just like what is
going on are you bright it's because the
Friday the 13th game is very dark you
cranked up the now our cameras could be
all fucked up no this is just just this
okay
that's why it looks so fucked up and
there now it should look kind of more
normal than it did your your tips are
working I just can't read them that fast
as far as our cameras concerned I mean
yeah we just look yellowish and I'm
sorry that's just how it's gonna be
that's just the way it is boo-boom
boo-boom boo-boom things I never kind of
change put a boom put the boom
put the boom guys like biggie smalls
anonymous says yeah none of us hi guys
hi I have to give a big speech and a
conference tomorrow cool all right
either of you guys susceptible to stage
fright and if so how do you deal with it
I'd say yes though at this point I might
not be as bad because I've been on
camera so fucking much but there was a
time when the thought of anything in
front of a crowd would be terrifying oh
yeah yeah I'd probably handle it a lot
better these days as far as how you
handle it I have no good advice for you
other than just grin and bear it which
isn't great advice but it's all I got
that is not great advice no it's not I
don't have any is this something you
will have to do often
die Nazi scum do you do you feel like
getting up on stage and giving
presentations is something you will have
to do often if so one camera is easier
than crowd yes 100% yes but I could say
at this point I've been on camera so
much right now the thought of being in
front of a crowd doesn't instantly make
me go right that is gone you know the
only way to beat it is is to do it as
often as possible and so if being in
front of us being on stage is something
that you foresee yourself having to do
often the best thing to do is to find an
activity where you get on stage often
like take an improv class or or or you
know do something that puts you on stage
often and then you just you just get
over it by doing it
mr. Steve Harvey Osmond says I know you
guys aren't fans of fighting games but
any thoughts up on or plans playing
injustice to so many requests for
injustice there's a lot of requests for
and just so you know maybe I'm not
against it yeah pretty much
we don't here's the thing we don't
usually plan quite so much was what do
you in the mood for tonight
that's usually what happens usually
right when when we do plan like like I
had a plan you know I had one of three
games I wanted to play tonight I wanted
to play arms wanted to play three two
one grenades and I wanted to play this
and then you know you guys decided for
me but yes we know we know we want to
slay the injustice and here's the thing
as far as a fanservice game is concerned
yeah for good things I'd be more
inclined because I'm a bigger Marvel fan
to play Marvel vs. Capcom when that
comes out because I'm just a bigger
Marvel fan you know but yeah I'm getting
there you limey bastard
rewind shots hi guys I have a hundred
and twenty two hours in darkest dungeon
and it's an amazing game yeah I like the
artists engine all the preparations
synergy between classes and difficulty
is grade a you should give it another
try with a deal see out
that's my see yeah yeah they have a lot
of they have a lot of DLC out for it I
enjoyed it it became a bit to
micromanage II for me and but overall I
did enjoy it
maybe someday I'm probably doing
Wolfenstein next I finish I look at this
shoot the Nazis blue thing should you
get these big-ass guns just shooting
Nazis I you know what i didn't pick
these up my first friend I was just
using the guns they gave me like a
sucker look at these things he's awesome
guns that you get Duke I've got two big
old gun I would heal the Nazis hey ho
Nazi go doo-doo-doo-doo hey ho the Nazis
go splat splat splat
what do you guys enable cheering slash
bits we could be redundant at this point
well so currently we do not enable
cheering slash bits because we do other
things like tips if if we hear from
enough you so what I'm hearing here is
that you want us to enable cheering a
bit if we hear from enough of you that
you want us to enable cheering a bits we
will but at the time we just don't want
to clutter up chat too much because
that's just another thing or chat but if
we hear that people want that yes of
course any I mean listen we will do
anything for money
I think we've been really clear about
that over our entire what it seems just
too much by the bids by the tips by the
subs by the dubs but without cheese but
cheese we got all the cheese these
doesn't bode well all the other Bob's
dogs bud yeah right now we don't really
need it because we do this tip thing and
shout out a shot down oh you want to
shout down that across to twice and
we'll make fun of you give us money to
take you downtown yeah
if you pay us $5 we'll say hey how's it
going you seem like a nice fella if you
pay us ten dollars we'll call you a
motherfucker so you want your money but
you don't want to be a shill it's a it's
a it's a it's a tightrope act is what it
is jac tightrope Act I don't think is
that tight ma'am I'll do whatever
regions can get bits for free so it's a
way to for cheapskates to give us money
okay yeah no that's what I'm saying if
we hear from enough of you that bits are
something you want we will absolutely do
it
bits are basically twitches way of
cutting into PayPal because you know
right now we get tips through PayPal
PayPal takes a little cut of that of
course if you if we go to bits all that
money goes through twitch and twitch
takes a little bit yeah which of course
twitch wants it might be easier for some
people if we hear it we'll do it that's
all I got frantic girl says I'm a bit
obsessed with blood-borne right now yeah
as he should be
yes fucking should be how far each of
you guys get in the game finish the
chalice dungeons beat the secret final
boss finish the DLC love to see play
more no well since we've played it I
haven't beaten any of the channels
dungeons I beat the regular game I
didn't beat this secret boss but I beat
the regular game and I am at the orphan
of costs on the DLC who is the the bad
guy for the DLC ever not that far and
the DLC oh really
other things of course and I never
really the chalice ton chalice dungeons
either
yeah challenges into it I don't hate him
I want the chalice no you know what they
just you know they got too repetitive
world wise like just look wise so
yeah anonymous says can we please
officially refer to the films as trans
fibers from now on that joke is more
innovative than anything in the actual
movies you can do you can go right ahead
and do that
I like trans fibers and no one else is
gonna die today
no transformers they got they got their
whole transforming thing man autobots
roll out yes
Sam Sam bumblebee
wants me to tell you to stop farting
inside of him it's disgusting Sam while
he appreciates all the work you've done
for us transformer Sam you're ruining
his leather interior that's his shoulder
you should know that it stinks for
everyone autobots roll out Autobots
you told me you ate a bunch of burritos
and wanted to drive across town Sam it's
almost like you're doing it on purpose
Sam save that shit for outside die Nazi
scum stab the Nazi dog goodbye
eat this fuckos Ovadia says hi guys just
want pop let you know I love your stream
but rarely get to watch you wanna cheers
from Norway lol fuck my tums for MERS
festival welcome a get tums for MERS
nice it's not a poor dog oh that's a
Nazi dog he can die like the rest of
them yeah yeah a Nazi yeah oh and uh
GERB is Nader yes I know I can dual
wield the machine guns I actually don't
like it as much now I do a wielding as
much it was like highly inaccurate is
highly inaccurate and and you have to
change so then it's no longer just
pressing one button to deal duel both
you press buttons for firing each of
them okay and and I much prefer like
kind of looking down the iron scope and
you know that's just how I like it but I
I appreciate the full first-person shit
look at iron scope I take it out what's
the difference what's the difference
fucking different recoils less like this
and so it's an easier shot and I like
the iron sights
I like doom because I don't need to use
a fucking scope do fucking running gun
houses the obligatory stealth section
yeah we've got a couple of these do some
with that I tried to run and gun this
last time and it did not work that well
so I'm gonna try a different approach
if we take out the commander's sign now
yep
shit this guy take out that fuck and
that fuck is it just me or the designs
for the modern Transformers Missy and
all look alike no you're on the money
Sam Sam this is my face you might have
trouble being able to tell them that's a
face die Nazi scum oh shit oh you stupid
on the bottom Mario
bring that back out how you know what I
realized I realize I want to trade
something God why my touchscreens are
the worst touchscreens are the worst
yeah yeah well they can be you know what
it's it has let's do the touchscreen and
more to do with with the application
surrounding them right and I want to
change it up hold on contrived controls
keybindings reload I much prefer reload
to be this that's what I want reload to
be and then I want I want use to be this
great gesture says hey guys I'm
disappointed about wandering souls but I
appreciate you being honest instead of
egging me on I'll stop bugging you about
it keep up with the great stream guys
are entertaining thank you thank you we
you know what we appreciate that you
understand where we're coming from
locked lost Technicolor sister I'm
always curious to see how bad ebay movie
can get so yes I watched an online copy
of t5 oh I lost my shit during the end
credits when there were six credited
editors those poor people six credited
editors
damn Nazi dog Texas Panhandle says
spider-man is getting great reviews
when's it coming on early July 7th July
7 ok I want to say getting excited as a
Spidey fan yeah you feeling any hype at
all or you just over it also the
Transformers videos were great
keep it up not a great work guys my hype
level is well I'm not hyped but I'm not
hating on the movie either I'll probably
end up going to see it sure but the hype
levels are low you probably be good I
mean it kind of has the guy hide what
what kind of has to be low because you
know you never know but we can hope I'm
nowhere near as hyped as I am for
ducktales and that's not a joke I know
that about fucking dogs it's gonna be
richest favorite spider-man movie that's
very likely because I don't really like
any of them
I kind of didn't like Tobey Maguire as
spider-man
I hated Andrew Garfield Tobey Maguire
wasn't bad it felt less like spider-man
and more like a 50 sitcom it made it was
a 50 sitcom to take on spider-man
that's what spider-man was I'll be fine
I'm fine I'll be fine
you know it yes chap there is a new duck
tails
tell me what where spider-man's fine
Scrooge McDuck will now be played by
David Tennant desu ka the doctor vide
you can't say the doctor you can't the
doctor put my foot down and say you
can't there's been these many 80 people
who have had that role that's true some
of them for a lot longer that's true
don't know where I'm going that way
thanks for pointing the way dick
spider-man was about how far you could
push a young man before he snapped it
was not a sitcom yes yes that is an
incredibly accurate statement
spider-man was about ups and downs
and just it's just it's just it's Toby
it's just it for me it's just Toby
he's don't you're not a fan of it Toby
no I see him on screen playing Peter
Parker I expect him at any moment to
safe well golly mrs. beaver but that's
like that's what he was playing like
that's you know that was the that was
the thing I like what he was playing
that's not how I see Peter I get like to
me it made sense it made sense in the
world of Sam Raimi spider-man and
spider-man 2 so fucking good no I don't
know look this isn't they are completely
100% terrible all of the time right this
is I just I'm not a huge fan of that
performance that's all okay that's fair
I want that I want that gun there we go
go rich Evans hates Pleasantville no it
was a fine performance for Pleasantville
that's that's what Pleasantville was all
about right that's I think that's that's
exactly the point rich is making is
Pleasantville and spider-man don't
necessarily belong through that I'll you
know I'll disagree because I think
there's more good in those movies than
not good through that right on my head
man right on my goddamn head yeah the
Andrew Garfield ones well I mean those
were a goddamn mess those those amaze
the amazing spider-man ones and so yeah
I like this kid this kid Tom Holland
nice
Tom Holland plays a really good Peter
Parker I'm excited that they're going
young Peter Parker again I like that
they're giving him an inferiority
complex right off the bat like it looks
like they're doing a lot of things right
looks like they're doing a lot of things
right Oh what do you want to bet that
you're not gonna get over something's
going to go horribly wrong here I just
need to leave my gun oh is that what
that is
yeah see
rich don't you love comic spider-man is
a Mark Zuckerberg how soon well Newton
now Peter Parker is a Zuckerberg style
Silicon Valley billionaire yeah I
haven't been reading the books for many
years so I don't know what the fuck's
going on with that shit
yeah modern spider-man he's a little
he's different he's running Parker
industries I like this I good stuff
gross the guy that played venom and
spiny three was a joke
Venom's a badass but fun fact Sam Raimi
hated venom
and it was a bad choice for those movies
which felt like a 50 sitcom making venom
completely out of place yes and I
believe he was cast in protest by Sam
Raimi yes yes no Sam Raimi vocally and
vehemently fought against venom and even
he was right within the context of the
movies he was making that venom did not
have any fucking place in that Sam Raimi
spider-man universe right
rammie rammie I can't pronounce things
it's fine
no fuck that's right
Wow diverse let's go
I really don't get the appeal of venom
he looks badass
I wish spider-man have a cab not not the
symbiote but just that that style of
costume the black suit the black and
white suit is just a great fucking look
he should have kept it it's not
spider-man no it was spider-man for
years actually it's not it's not the
spider-man I like there was a period
when he kind of like it just changed
costumes every now and then sure sure
one issue was black one when she was the
red one you know I'd prefer I prefer
bright colorful spider-man
people hated the black suit yeah I hated
it when I was a kid because it wasn't
what I knew uh it grew on me over time
though I think it's a great costume hmm
I mean I'm you know it's that's just to
me that's not the costume is not Peter
Parker right like I I really dig the
Miles Morales black and red spider-man
suit I dig that and it kind of works for
the character because like he's very
he's like he has stealth powers he has
that invisibility powers and so like to
me that works but spider-man being like
the big colorful joking like we kind of
guy you know you can't say we you can't
say we while you're swinging through the
air while wearing an all-black outfit
you know I'm saying oh you could I mean
theoretically yes here's the thing yeah
here's the thing if you're not gonna do
the whole illusion of change thing which
is what Marvel has done what I mean if
you're gonna have actual character
development yeah in Marvel Comics and
they would never do that I I know this
but that's a that's a great like sign of
like just a visual representation of
Peter Parker getting more mature sure a
new a new models new curvature suit you
know what I will agree with you at that
point they just don't do that I know
they don't I know they don't
what if he's saying we ironically right
no but you know like black you know like
visual style especially in comics is so
important like him to the Punisher he
wears all black that man is not fun you
know that's just what he does Nick Fury
like samuel l.jackson is Nick Fury all
black here's the thing spar when though
isn't all fun and games all the time
he's not wet not when Stacy gets thrown
off a bridge and he accidentally snaps
her neck he's gonna be running a black
costume for a while
that may died he's not feeling so
chipper black costume that's and by the
way he wears the black crossing the
criminal is a criminal Cisco you know
what yeah we're not dealing with Spidey
yet today we're not we're just not gonna
deal with spider-man today
how did spider-man get the black suit
symbiote secret war crossover alien
planet special machine he used the wrong
one he didn't use the machine that gave
you costumes apparently there was also
machine that gave you parasites they
thought the parasite was a costume
that's how happen that's how it happened
really he used the wrong machine because
apparently they had a machine right next
to the costume machine that was a
machine that apparently distributed
parasites sure that's the actual origin
I like it
but and then it gave him more pay like
he was me a powerful you're stronger bum
and know what nothing Besant bullshit
like they came up with another
continuities the only here's what the
suit did yeah it didn't enhance his
strength at all or his agility at all it
had it made its own wedding so he didn't
need his web-shooters web-shooters were
built into the symbiote skull and it
could change shape so if he could just
make it look like normal clothes so he
could change costume he was on a guide
oh wait shit I forgot but it did not
make him stronger or faster or more
aggressive or any of that other bullshit
they had of that later and later on for
like the cartoon or for the ultimately
the person for the movie okay hold on
for a second I have to choose which one
dies my
okay so I need to choose who dies my old
friend or the new kid I'm gonna kill the
new kid because last time I won the game
I'm playing
I killed my old friend so the new kid
could live and so now I'm curious as to
how this story changes okay he's the
he's the young kid now he's killing the
kid
but barely changes who to guess that
yeah yeah later on
the kid was part of the resistance and
he gives a little speech about how I
should have chosen the other guy so I
can only assume what'll happen is later
on in the resistance I'll see this guy
and he says you should have chosen the
other guy of course you know what it's
fine Chris Collins says here is anime in
a nutshell and there's a link with an
image and it won't check out later love
you and all of the rlm gang thanks for
the fun I was gonna say it oh come on
now is probably just some kinda squirrel
a horrible disgusting anti shit or maybe
it's just an ultra cutesy sexualized
teenage girls I don't I don't know yep
both great I'm here Bella hecka says how
the hell did people not enjoy the
Transformers reviews from you guys they
gave me more entertainment and enjoyment
than the last five Transformers movies
combined people don't get jokes it's
true
Oh interesting so by the way when I
saved the kid I had to pick a lock I
learned how to pick locks yeah here
because I saved the other one I'm
learning how to hotwire huh interesting
so you know what pretty different what
I'll get out of here okay
so you know what what write great press
n to break those cuffs right what
happened to the kid of the evil the evil
German scientist killed him by removing
his eyes while he was still awake
uh you know it is I don't mind the story
I don't mind it it's actually really
interesting I'm about to skip a whole
bunch of it but I'll paraphrase so we
just got a bunch of shrapnel in our head
right yeah
and so we spend the next 16 years in a
mental hospital in Poland and while
we're there we fall in love with our
nurse and finally wake up when the
Germans come to shut down the mental
hospital and we saved our lady friend
and we joined the resistance wait wait
you spoil it all for me because I
haven't played this yet why you just
spoil the whole fucking game Jack I told
you I was literally said I won bow I'm
about to spoil it somehow about you
start listening right in the chat Kendra
super sang I'm assuming that's referring
to the trans 5 verse 5 videos yeah it's
like giving your kids empty gift boxes
for Christmas then when he cries you say
can't you take a joke no that is a poor
analogy because you expect to get a gift
on Christmas this there is no Christmas
this is just a random day of the week I
wake up and I give you a box then I had
something but you weren't expecting to
get the bus in the first place
but other days of the week you get boxes
with shit in it like we stopped liking
with presents and stuff it's like just
randomly like you know you get a box of
the president yeah like a present
something no now if we put up ads for
like two months ahead of time new play
get review transformers 5 the play can
review is coming
Lincoln is returning then your analogy
would be apt yeah
but there was no Christmas to get
excited about the gift ahead of time or
if say like you know and you know maybe
paid patreon backers are upset because
you know like it wasn't a real review
and then you would have a case only if
rlm regularly uploaded like let's say
they met you made one video a week and
then you wasted your one video on a fake
video then maybe but these were bonuses
what do we have something like six
videos up this month before we put up
the Transformers video exactly stop it
nobody's getting cheated out of anything
exactly okay here it is now we're at the
end I can't skip this that's right and I
can move my hand so it's not a cutscene
as if we are taking all of your sickies
now is that is that we are doing that's
that's my girlfriend's dad and that's my
girlfriend's mom right there yep so
they're dead
that's my girlfriend down there she's
not my girlfriend yet because I've been
in a coma for 16 years but you know 16
16 years
yeah sorry yeah that's 16 years your
life that she's fucking gone yeah oh the
prime een I was a young man I was the
prime of my life right there it's like
the plot too hard to kill Steven Seagal
movie oh right I was like hard to kill
what do I know that Nazi scum
sixteen years but he still looks the
same
that's a vis 'video game
I considered packing rlm on patreon but
I couldn't find the tier where I get
cartoon porn like you can in every other
patreon there's a lot of there's a lot
of patreon for like people I like people
who draw stuff and yeah they draw weird
stuff alright
come turbo Jesus 5000 says you can get
guys I've seen that before yeah yeah gee
willikers yeah gee willikers
you guys make swell content sure do you
could punch one movie character right in
the fucking face who would it be
well Hitler's been a character in movies
he's a candidate but I don't think
that's in the spirit of the question I'm
sorry I wasn't paying attention I was
done you punched one character from a
movie who would it be
right the punch them right in the
fucking face do they get to hit you back
I might be really tough
I assume you get a sucker punch in which
case you could run away or you know what
let's just make it fair no they don't
get to hit you back okay you get to
sucker punch them and then magically go
away
who's most worth of just a sucker punch
right in the fucking face there's a lot
I mean there's a lot of dickheads out
there like aliens a Paul Reiser from
aliens yeah it's not bad one but
jar jar I give enough of a fuck about
Star Wars I was just doing his own I'm
not wasting my punch Jar Jar right he
ruined something I haven't cared about
in 20 years
what shit
Jenny from Forrest Gump what aids is
enough of a punch to the face that girl
has it bad enough right
you leave Jenny alone she gave Forrest a
the gift of a child you know she could
have like give him a bit of a heads up
well you know I guess the man can barely
read I don't blame her if you like being
Jenny's shoes okay you have a child from
Forrest fucking gum all right what do
you what do you do there I'll tell you
what you do you you give that kid some
space you let that kid learn away from
his father
nearly every single day
do-do-do-do-do where the fuck am I going
rich any idea know I've ever played this
game though straya 15 since hi guys hi
one question for each of you okay great
rich what are some retro PC games that
you could recommend a TIE fighter etc
Jack around how much time do you usually
spend at our LM versus your editing job
that's a fair question
rich classic game first I'm not think
about you were asked first
I know ask first but you can spend some
time thinking too if you want sure well
no I mean cuz mine's really easy like
okay if we're not shooting the best of
the worst I am only here for streams
mm-hmm so you know what's that eight
nine hours I think that's right came
from eight nine hours a week because
like I said just four streams if we're
and then you know I'm only here when
we're shooting something so you know if
it's the best of the worst then you know
I'm here for that editing other projects
at home you know usually takes so I'm
home home most of the time yeah yeah
let's see all right my question what
retro PC games would I recommend I think
most people know I'm fond of the old
Sierra parser games but I don't know if
that's quite what you're looking for
Macquarie are one and two yeah are both
fine games MechWarrior one and two yeah
okay obviously technically MechWarrior 2
is a lot better
I like hub MechWarrior one handles its
story which is 100% optional and easy to
miss
you could you could you can play all of
Macquarie or one just like a person who
owns a mercenary business and you can
completely not know there's a story to
be had yeah yeah that's funny that
commander no I'm talking specifically
about mech warrior
I've not played mechcommander Mike
warrior one and I said MechWarrior too
but I'm thinking specifically of
mercenaries I guess MechWarrior to
mercenaries I didn't care much for the
clan and that's how you plays and
straight up vanilla mech warrior two
they're lame they have a lame warrior
honor culture bullshit going on
Klingon yeah they're space Klingons bayi
I'll take the mercenary commander any
day of the week over the space Klingon
okay for my escapist fantasy you know
what totally fair
space Klingons yes basically guns aren't
just going on oh yeah you know what now
that you say that that is totally
redundant but I'll allow it
how about that we allowed it mech
Klingons yeah sure
where did you get kids also it might be
hard to track down I was kind of fond of
a game called stunts stunts
you know stunts no oh I just like saying
stunts stunts you can you can make your
own tracks like build them from scratch
stunts is great all right
sucking rich
oh fuck I'm gonna die good of that gonna
die gonna die yeah yep there is fuck one
guy left one guy left stunts you are so
bad at this yeah yeah you know I'm out
of my element I'm talking I'm using a
different mouse all the excuses that I
that one can give stunts have spent a
lot of time designing bad racetracks
that it was very easy to just fly off of
and and have horrible crashes in oh yeah
just four shots and guy goes yes Jack
there's a secret area under the crack in
the stairs I said I all right 'stryed to
see that earlier but I couldn't find it
well Wolfenstein to delve more into Doom
16s formula Oh probably hopefully and
you know while I'm enjoying Wolfenstein
its debt yeah I mean it's no doom which
you know what is right Justin bour he
says I called in sick sick from work
because I knew you were streaming right
just kidding it was my crippling
depression and suicidal thoughts that
did that yeah I get it you guys
streaming tonight is a happy accident
Thank You Justin for Hayes Thank You JP
versus the world says hi rich and hijack
it is a crack in this theory did you get
your case of tums from Amazon last week
kind of felt bad for giving you grief
but then I got three fake trans fivers
videos shortly after so I guess we're
even
I hope more people keep as a lark
sending me in Thomas oh yeah that'd be
good
I've had heartburn issues my entire damn
life I'd be agree I'm gonna get a lot of
use out of those tums I'd be a great
joke
in fact if people keep sending me tums
only one big care package so far but
this becomes a regular thing I'm going
to insist Jay does the Times Festival
joke again just so I can get more tums I
don't see any crack in the stair thing
people who are telling me to look for
cracks in the stairs like I see this
what am I supposed to do here people
there's a secret apparently but I don't
really see it it just reads the thing
yeah I know is there different stairs
other stairs other stairs other stairs
all right hold on
there's other stairs doobie sandwich
says I know you guys use Skype to
contact each other but do you plan to
replace it with a discord people said
swell things about discord also do you
know your channel is verified by twitch
Congrats
yes I did know our channel is verified
by Twitter because early on
no well they I mean we have to get
partnered oh oh yeah but but now much
like Twitter or YouTube we got
officially verified okay and all that
means is yes we are awesome yes we are
us I guess but like honestly I didn't
have to do anything like they just said
do you want to verify your channel and I
said yes I don't see it guys I don't see
other stairs as a farm step you can look
there's a broken step I can look down
and see a lock well you know they told
me there's a secret matter I don't know
I kind of want to find it as far as
using Skype to contact each other like
almost never where you back in the day
when like I would do a stream from home
and reach would call in for the sake of
streaming but that wasn't how we
communicated know we have telephones
yeah okay there's a broken step other
stairs from the main floor back down
stairs through that little kitchen a
little kitchen okay
I don't watch where this is from I play
this riot then I won't have to go
through this ship oh here we go there's
other things
okay so this is broken down further yeah
I thought I saw it at the turn oh there
we go so now a little red I think you
shoot no I think you shouldn't from the
stairs you shoot the lock all right I
don't wanna waste that ammo apparently I
have no more of that ammo so I have to
nonnamous says huge fan love the
suggestion of improv to our friend with
stage fright and have either of you ever
taken an improv class or performed
what about stand-up what was your
experience like thanks I have never done
improv or standup
I've known someone who tried to show a
group their stand-up back and it was
embarrassing horribly embarrassing the
most horrible silence I have ever heard
my entire life but that person was not
you know no one's seen my stand-up I've
told you my horrible jokes yeah I've
told you all of my horrible jokes ya
know and I actually that's where I got
my start is in improv in comedy Sportz
Milwaukee and it has helped me more than
anything else like just just to be
confident in my own ideas like doing
improv and working out scenes on stage I
loved it I loved it I loved it and it
makes me upset that I'm not doing it
anymore and I just don't have time to do
it I would love to do more improv but
but they have classes and you know you
take like two months and you go once a
week and you do classes and there's a
show at the end of the class I have
never ever seen his act I am I am oh
this person who did I am avoiding it
because I
no I would have to be honest he could be
great for all I really know uh-huh
my brother has doubled and stand on no
dime at Cisco and I have gone completely
out of my way to not see his act
abso-fucking-lutely yeah the other
person I'm talking about is somebody you
don't know it is not is not an rlm
member that had the embarrassing
stand-up routine
right where
yeah yeah yeah Brown Adam Sandler says
yeah yeah yeah any excitement from baby
driver Edgar Wright a whole movie
choreograph choreographed to music also
I don't know if you like the Apes movies
but I loved the first two and third is
getting great reviews you know I've
never seen I haven't seen any of the new
Planet of the Apes movie is that I might
end up saying the ever right one at some
point yeah I like Edgar Wright in
general
III underestimated Hot Fuzz yeah yeah
that's right I underestimated the fuck
out of that movie yeah yeah huh you sure
did I thought it's great how come he can
walk you spend a coma for 16 years
his muscles should be jelly she's been
rubbing his legs every day for 16 years
and that's why he loves her also she's
the girl that doesn't explain how he can
walk I don't care if she's been rubbing
his leg a little bit it's not the same
he's the he's though he's blaskowitz man
his name has a dynamite sound in it
blast the wits it's great look at him
look at him
he's a madman he's an absolute madman
and I love him and he thoughts on the
Apes movies yeah do you have you seen
any of the new point I saw the original
I love that
oh oh yeah that's funny that's you know
what those are fun movies I have not
seen any of the new ones but I keep
hearing that they're okay
where to
last wits watch them dang it the Apes
movies yeah I don't care that much I
just don't I just don't care about the
Apes movies that much I'm more
interested I would much rather spend my
time seeing baby driver than I would
sing the Apes movies baby driver why
aren't the cutscenes first-person cuz
the cutscenes come on man
get together get it together dude Duke
Duke
alright enjoy the cutscene I'm gonna go
get another beverage alright the blue
prism says hey guys forgot to ask him my
earlier tip do you think that river city
ransom is worth $10 on the Steam sale
I'm on the fence whether I should grab
it or not what do you recommend how do
you feel about old-school brawlers if
you like the know if you like the
original River City ransom you'll love
it
it's like a more advanced version of
that it's it's a bit grinding I'll
complain about that is a little bit
grinding
Michael Cote see Isis hey Jack and rich
for the 10k time 10,000 thanks for
everything
fuck the haters I laugh my ass off
during the trans fivers videos play
Sierra games you fucks
well well very likely place the era
games again at some point and thank you
for your support anonymous says hello to
Milwaukee's favorite sons thank you for
introducing me to X come but I'm
absolutely atrocious and every mission
turns into operation into the frying pan
by the way the TF vids were brilliant
having trouble with X come there's
there's no shame in to kicking it into a
lower difficulty until you just kind of
get used to the the gameplay no shame in
that
also good cover is important if you're
talking about the reboot XCOM it might
be easy to get behind that that half
shield and think oh I'm being protected
but that half shield is really terrible
cover it's the full it's the full shield
high cover is really what you're looking
for talking to X come oh yeah you need
that full cover man the half cover vets
like a situation where it's better than
nothing and take it slow take it slow
slow and steady wins the race
half cover is lies pretty much it's you
know you know you have time to analyze
the situation before making your first
move of the turn to get my blood protect
are you gonna take a chainsaw that
filthy Nazi that's the plan I have to
torture him for information but first I
need they actually let you torture him
huh do they actually let you torture
room no off camera I kept saying no no
first I need a proper eye protection
cutscene really Jesus Christ and cut
seen a lot of cutscenes rich a lot of
cutscenes and again the story the
characters are fun the story is good the
levels are kind of short and there's a
lot of cutscenes so here comes is my
official perfect I new order review I'm
only like I'm five maybe six hours in so
like I'm well past this and it doesn't
really change do you do a mission you
have a cutscene you do a mission you
have a cutscene some of them are fun
some of them are real fun some of the
cutscenes
but we don't want to spoil it for rich
yay grandpa shot a sofa Nazi shot him in
his goddamn face
so grandpa shooting all the Nazis cuz
there are national disgrace subtitles
they're on they're on yeah they are on
what's fun
