Episode 135
F13 While Waiting for Jack (Oh Jack's Here)
August 13, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQA5pedBJwY
___________________________________________

I just heard the door so I might have
been premature I may have started the
stream right when Jack showed up so this
pre this pre Jack Friday the 13th isn't
actually gonna last all that long
oh yeah oh that's great that's great
then I have time to get one round in I
literally I literally just started and
I've done something incredibly smart our
little stream box here yeah I've said it
we could switch between games what I do
placated scenes and I just changed the
Game Capture for each one ah using my
brain Jack oh my god 400 ping fuck that
Lobby all right have a nice meal all
right how are we all doing we're gonna
we're gonna survive or die or maybe kill
everybody will see you if we're Jason or
Ned
why can't jack eat in front of us
because that's that's potentially weird
a lot of people probably wouldn't want
to watch that 200 ping 250 George Romero
passed away that said maybe he'll come
back poor taste wasn't it whatever
whatever
my mic is on oh it is I thought I had
push-to-talk let me change that again
yes you did
congratulations
okay I forgot to hit apply for the
push-to-talk so yeah welcome to I stream
yeah this is a I think it's a terrible
place to start by that by this little
restroom area here frequently I walk out
I'll find like a pocketknife one of
these two drawers today nothing all
right we can head north spring water but
there's usually not car parts or
anything there so I'm gonna head east
and we're gonna check out the garage and
then we're gonna head north to the
boathouse after we check out the garage
maybe maybe pick up a shotgun here Jim
shotgun here rest up
and there's no phone box here sometimes
the phone box by the garage that's as
bad news this is the first time I've so
load this game I think it is cool puck a
knife
that's Braille take meds pre-cut too
though
I'm not sure if gas if the gas or a
battery can spawn in the garage I would
assume they could but we're gonna check
I don't see it all right however I know
they can spawn in this house
I don't see them either of them no all
right we're moving on gonna check the
Boathouse bow there's a good chance
somebody was already in there
nope
you just gonna want your gonna walk past
that gas I'm gonna have to drop the
shotgun how great he's got a lousy
machete is he going for a kill he's
going for a kill he needs better
communication skills nobody were you
running around with the machete he just
doesn't know what he's doing
actually going back to my shotgun
for this jackass takes it
mm-hm a lot of worked on that two-seater
what's going on what's going on now they
don't have mics but they appear to be
trying to communicate something if if
she knows where the battery is why
didn't she just run it over to the car I
don't know what the fuck's going on
nice
I got it just go just go I got a
pocketknife
oh shit why didn't you
you need mics sitting here the door wide
open I'm fuckin know what's going on
well that went that went
to drop the case he dropped the case or
someone grabbed the case that's right we
ham well the twins doing they just hang
it out that's wins all this shit's going
on with the car they're just hanging out
over the garage doing jack shit they
have a map I can see all the icons
around the car hi everybody
how's everybody going doing all right I
was just going straight to it you tell
me if you want another round of this I
can get settled there a little bit this
is my live stream for a while
what are you waiting okay well we'll
watch this while you talk about that
kind of shit sure sure so this is good
are you leaving us permanently I'm
leaving you per me made that you made
that sound like it's big news and this
really isn't well I mean I I'm not gonna
be to a stream and I'm not gonna be here
for the next like three streams yeah
which that's fairly you made it sound
like a final farewell I said I'm not
gonna be here for awhile
half our audience was sad and upset and
the other half they were they're
bringing out the champagne finally we
got rid of them finally goodbye jack
don't let the screen door hit you
imagine most people are yeah I don't
feel I know and I know uh no I'm going
to Canada I'm taking why I am taking a
an incredibly long road trip not too fun
Canada either road trip you're talking
about for ages just you and your kids
yeah well it's me my kids and my mother
actually Oh your mother's and she's
bringing her two giant German shepherds
are you doing we're gonna have a great
time no you're not you're gonna turn
German shepherds in your car very good
dogs this is the worst idea I've ever
heard oh they're good at traveling to
kids and to German shepherds yes and
your mother and you call this a vacation
it's gonna be great uh we're going we're
going to Calgary
well we're going to a town near Calgary
which is not that's not fun Canada my
cousin's husband has a cattle ranch out
there and they're having like a big big
gathering celebration I say hey this is
a great opportunity and here's where it
gets fun rich uh-huh
we're driving up there and we're camping
on the way so every night we're gonna
camp we're gonna camp with kids and
German Shepherds and it's gonna be
honestly so much fun I can't wait to
hear about the horror stories when you
get back these are good dogs these are
very good dogs
Max and Ruby are very good dogs and
they're great no it's not a joke right
I'm really looking forward to it I love
road trips I love camping it's an excuse
to go you know yes he's talked about
this on stream before the dog thing is
do yeah you know hey this is how it's
working it's how it's working actually
why don't why do you think this would be
a big deal like two dogs so for a week
yeah they're good dogs they travel very
well once the car starts they just
little tweaks yeah they do all right
my mom travels a bit all right my mom
travels a bit they are very good in the
car good I can't wait till you get back
they're good dogs I'm excited Jack loves
the pain now I'm excited I I'm really
looking forward to it I like I said I
love road trips I love camping it's an
excuse to do all that and so you know
we're gonna we're gonna go up to Calgary
or near Calgary and we're gonna spend
all Friday at my my cousin's husband's
cattle ranch yeah the big cattle ranch
and he's just gonna give us a tour of
this giant cattle ranch which you know
I'm excited about because I love to know
where my meat comes from yeah and so
he's just gonna like take us like to all
of the cow stuff there's a
slaughterhouse nearby we can go visit
and take your kids to dogs for the kids
might not go to slaughter
vacation we're not going just for the
slaughterhouse then there's a big party
there's a big family party it's not just
for the slaughterhouse Ridge all right
are you are you ready for the mystery
game it's not super exciting I just
wanted a natural reaction from you
I am hold on I just want to we need to
restart this to get this ready let me
just get this computer ready let me
crack open my beverage here I can have
one beer we leave very early tomorrow
morning so you only have one figure
that's why you wanted to early stream it
worked out yeah it just worked out where
I could have an early stream so yeah I'm
I'm really looking forward to but it's
very possible that I will not be here
like I won't I definitely won't be here
on Wednesday I definitely won't be here
on Sunday I might be here next Wednesday
but probably not okay I'll do some solo
streams and all good Karen are here for
probably at least one oh great great
so all right you want to put out of this
okay quitting quitting I'm not I'm not
gonna look I'm looking at the ceiling
and I'm not gonna look at the screen hi
everybody
there we go press X to not die okay
one okay new game ready wait let me turn
up the desktop audio okay Jack's
favorite genre okay you know normal
human reflexes that's me really good at
pressing buttons I'm gonna go normal
human okay okay it's a 360 gamepad okay
Matt dude everyone's going crazy
everyone in town is just attacking
everybody it's like that shitty M night
Shyamalan movie
yes exactly God that was a shitty movie
it was a shitty movie never mind all
that okay I figured it out now this is
important the secret to survival is
press X to not die Matt Matt that's kind
of done Matt where is everyone
hi Katie
is this the worst hello so far yes
that's very weird I'm fine
how are you what are you talking about
well it's just like a parody though of
everything we did violate then I told
him a little bit I mean Team Jacob I
told him antagonizing Team Edward was
putting his life on the line hello
Christina no reception seriously what's
with this icon I've got to go get it
they're either humor leaves something to
be desired
but I can hit the wrong one what you
should have hit the wrong button you
can't tell me that I'm playing the game
all right
the sake of our string you should have
hit the wrong button there you can't say
the end what should I do
I got confused because they gave me two
options I got confused
oh not options I have to press two
buttons yeah okay yeah thanks man
Lexie's sure are getting aggressive
these days aren't they hey wait
I get it I found of the strangest this
is this is like every you'll find this
an absolutely wonderful work of parody
ah if it was a work of parody I guess
like it's hard you know if there's not
enough jokes about the thing that
they're making fun are you know you skip
two of them but not hitting the rock but
it's that's that's that bad that's a bad
parody if I need to hit the wrong input
kathira know it's you you're just in
time my roommate is trying to kill me
okay dying not helpful
that's an this is some parody sure some
parody that's a good way to put it where
it's just this is an attempted parody oh
yeah yeah my look I'm I'm not saying
this is the greatest thing yeah but I
was mildly fascinated by it and it's
it's really really sure that's freezing
my suit brush I know
Naza MIDI the acting the worst and the
joke yes I know I know right
I mean one minute she's sitting there
reading her Hunger Games Catching Fire
book and the next thing I know she's
lunging at me with a kitchen knife I
mean I know she was really into Hunger
Games but that was ridiculous I don't
think that sinned
it's the whole town everyone's going
crazy like that shitty M night Somalian
movie exactly god that was a shitty
movie I mean anyway it's really
dangerous outside I died twice just
getting here and even your roommate just
killed the main character or seven he's
clearly trying a growth of going to go
take a shower
come on to like some kind of helmet but
it's it's probably on his forehead which
is not if you're doing something like
this you need to actually mount your
GoPro like yeah like here yeah to make
it seem normal but yeah you kind of need
to do what we did for the one space cop
scene where we put it like inside the
visor
exactly exactly but like the GoPro comes
with a head mount yeah and so that's
what it is but it's also like above
their head so if he's a tall actor yeah
it just looks weird what
cringe game plus you're not talking
anything interesting equals shit stream
pretty much mmm wait wait stop wait I
wanna watch my girlfriend shower
I think yeah yeah I got katana anyway
it's really dangerous outside I died
twice just getting here and even your
roommate just killed me and then you
stabbed me Wow all great spinning I'm
gonna go take a shower honestly honestly
all right P but but George Romero a true
legend yeah yeah you died Oh times just
watch the door you hit the button again
dammit
the button prompt comes up you press the
button prompts the button comes up you
press the button prompt rich gosh dang
it
I can't help my instincts I want to see
it exactly right jet
watch your girlfriend tower go go go
Elysee was shorter this time anyway it's
really dangerous outside I died twice
just getting here and even your roommate
just killed me and then you stabbed me
two times
Wow that's great a little voice but but
it'll be fine just watch the door okay
hit the button this time that I can't
hit the button this time yeah okay yeah
yeah okay look you can see the little
GoPro on his head in the reflection you
can see the GoPro above his head yeah
and actually there's a way that you can
take the GoPro put it on the head mount
and actually mount it upside down and
put it over one of your eyes yeah and
then like that just this was like even
just lowering at that couple of inches
really helped all right it's upside down
but then you just think like looking I
know it's very strange plus the camera
is always like looking at the floor
right let's go get it shut up about
GoPros jack no I will not shut up I got
about GoPros right tool for filming
something like this absolutely and by
the way if you have a GoPro that was you
know what that was that was a little
quick tip you're welcome
quick tip a little quick go pro tip this
is terrible shot oh god so terrible for
Shaun of the Dead and actually you know
a while back I did a I did a series you
know fences have gates right
I've been wondering whatever has
happened how come on Cooper
I believe that says yeah look the
trashcan says Vancouver Canada oh yeah
right
Matt wasn't affected either he told me
something before he died
press X to not die what does that mean I
don't know but I kind of feel like I've
been doing it oh I hit him what the hell
yeah well you're not very good at it oh
sorry yeah I've noticed that too
do you think there are other people like
us people who are okay
I did that I did a series for Funny or
Die a while back called a POV movie
right and I'd go I'd go to like crowded
places and you know just get people's
opinions on the news and hopefully cut
together something fun right yeah and I
actually had a chest-mounted go and that
just not to go pro I mean in the tall
guys there but the chest monster GoPro
was and then like I'd have a microphone
out for ya and so all you see is like my
arm with the microphone talking mrs
Peterson Peterson know that joke would
work
is she gonna be okay instead of their
college right sort of their College
remain think so we should head back
indoors yeah
you just got sound effects because they
can't really do a proper transition just
good sound effects a failed filmmaker
makes a bad game this is this is so meta
this is so everything we ever talked
about
so does this prove it's not possible to
have a so bad it's funny game well yeah
because well one this is trying to be
this is trying to be funny that's true
and so that makes it that just makes it
a bad bad game because it's trying to
that's the second nut joke by the way I
hate it stop we could slap if you're
getting 0% amusement I'm getting 0%
amusing but I think we should keep going
alright you know like you said if it's
not a very long you know like we have
enough in now where this is probably a
little over halfway done actually yeah
yeah are you okay yeah you know come for
you
apparently there's nothing there's
nothing worse than a failed comedy rich
is a sadist I I figured watching Jack in
excruciating agony would amuse you
people you know that's a fair assumption
that is an absolute fair assumption
and and everybody like whenever we talk
about games like this games like
Uncharted this is what we see this is
what what rich and I see you in those
games
yeah because it's the exact same thing
whether properly mounted camera set up
and some better acting take this you
know what don't worry about the camera
setup the acting fine just write some
better jokes get bored oh yeah the the
acting doesn't help but just write some
funnier jokes you know and I don't know
what those jokes would be cuz it all it
all like the premise is fine I'm sure it
was a cheap game I'm sure it was a very
cheap game but yeah come on people get
it together can you learn about your
face like on top of Google glasses so
you could actually watch what the GoPro
is showing as it's on your face no but
if you like it like I said if you mount
it over one eye it almost has the same
whip or what do you call it oh yeah
aspect ratio not aspect ratio it has it
has a hundred and sixty degree view
angle so it's very similar to your eye
so if you're upset over one eye whatever
this isyes will be about what the GoPros
okay okay
or like I said like it's because it's
such a wide-angle lens you put it
directly in the middle of your chest and
just whatever you're facing it'll catch
ya
that's field of view yes
a long story feel the viewer you know
I'm just I'm not good at this stop
talking this over please
that's the third that's a third nut joke
I took a hockey stick to the groin I
thought you people would love watching a
playthrough of the last of us to go nuts
over that game right people love the
last thing this is the new Uncharted
game uncharted zombie apocalypse
that's so lame him him jumping up and
down here crazy Sambi man
oh is that scary yeah what tells ya
finish this how did I beat him you hit X
enough to not die I think doesn't like
it because he can't see you might hurt
someone with that everybody's you today
I know anyway you do I know press X how
do you know about that it's the way it
was supposed to be so you know what's
going on I do
the military has been working on a drug
that requires people's brains the
purpose was to make performing complex
actions as simple as pressing a button
dodge an attack press X stab some with a
sword press a skip the years of training
would normally take to develop such
skills to an expert level and all right
yeah
goddamnit but the drug doesn't work on
everyone it's just super lazy I'm like
I'm actually like really okay with this
as a junior yeah yeah we made it
basically a movie and it's interactive
so they can make funny games like this
but you need to actually make fun of
some hand not just have you know ball
jokes for 30 minutes Angry Birds
that was a punchline rich what's the
setup but the function was Angry Birds
you're a gamer only gamers are
unaffected because their brains can
handle it
I love chocolate I love chocolate my
guess is we're supposed to get some of
the fun little from oh I love chocolate
so fucking awful like the joke is that
she's just eating chocolate right
that's the joke here is she's eating
chocolate okay I didn't do it I got the
chocolate achievement I don't know I got
this I got the I'm locked in achievement
for eating chocolate you did it take my
keys the cars in the parking lot you can
use it to escape aren't you coming with
us
I don't seek escape I only seek
atonement
here take a weapon it's dangerous
outside I mean and you just missed the
classic through the class of call if you
take the balloon sword we might get a
terrible joke we might get a terrible
joke I don't know I haven't I though use
the balloon sword the one and only time
I played this I mean I want to take the
chainsaw obviously yeah yeah I will take
the blade sorry is that the joke a real
weapon that's the joke that's the joke
dammit
I was lame I'm super lame all the
balloon sword
that's your funeral all right all right
good all right let's take the balloon
sword
yeah but the blue sword was still on the
table when we turned was it were they
all there yep all three of them were
there got to pay attention to that
filmmakers filmmakers jokes these are
the jokes
but if we fight we're playing the last
of us to a clown why does it have to be
a clown I did that clown is kicking my
ass
I did that you bitch-ass game 80% the
reason I wanna try to play this is the
joke can find a client found who's also
five feet tall because they don't know
how to properly fucking
Oh kick ass this time
yeah I figured it out
he caught my kick ya hamster caucus -
you think he's a gamer but he's one of
them oh my god he's a farmville player
the big joke
is that he's a farm girl player fuck you
I did that no no I didn't I press the B
button and not the X button
let's finish this where's my balloon
sore yeah
come on that was lame
how was the big joke is that he just he
just goes away because he's I'm so
amused by your doing sword I thought he
was a farmville player
you know we never even found out how
would this happened maybe that'll be in
the sequel you again
I know well looks like we're safe
working it for now how about that
unflattering close-up can't believe you
died 11 times geez I only would have
died like five times tops maybe you
should try easy difficulty next time
there's no somewhere else you could be
idle in there if you hadn't you know run
over me with your car
he was any room you hurry no I think
kidding me with your car kind of cancels
that out and you really tried to watch
her girlfriend shower two times she's my
girlfriend
i watch a shower it's over jack it's
over I don't see why that's this was
such a big deal I get maybe if she's
like a new girlfriend but like we seem
to be pretty comfortable with each other
but you very jacked
worse than the worst thing I've ever
played that was honestly the worst was
the worst ever that might have been the
worst thing I have ever played the worst
thing I've ever ever played handy handy
dandy button button switch oh I didn't
know if this works they should go up
