Episode 142
Jack Returns to PUBG (Part 1)
August 20, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjsH2ISyEoA
___________________________________________

I started rich I didn't start I fucking
knew it
feel free to stand up and like adjust
yourself yeah make sure you're
comfortable like I just get a good grip
just adjust the problem is right in
front of the camera because we're not
streaming like there's something
blocking my crotch ways why are you
dressed like a sassy pirate
that's a great question right hi it
begins it begins I everybody welcome so
can you see what that camera right there
in front of the TV I'll be fine you'll
be fine - you get different outfits and
you know like kind of this is the stuff
that you start with right but then when
you get so many of these golden coin
things rewards you get a crate in the
crate has different cosmetic items deep
is it only cosmetic and you get to start
with fucking weapons I believe it's only
cosmetic all right all right but I don't
know because some people seem to get
weapons really fucking yes I thought you
guys were going on around 7:00 central I
put seven central because we were
shooting a super-secret video earlier
and who knows when we were gonna get
done we got done really early so we
figured we'd start the stream earlier
welcome sorry to ruin your life wasn't I
I was supposed to die I wasn't sure if I
was gonna be back for this dream yep
because we were driving back from Canada
from faraway Canada like near Calgary
which is above Santana's freising Lee
with two kids your mother and two dogs
German shepherds you found a waitin to
get home a little bit early and you're
ready to go home but you still got a
drive home I mean when you're on a road
trip and so we hauled ass we took two 15
hour days driving home Wow how did the
kids handle that oh they I mean first
they loved it because they got so much
screen time like I brought every video
game DVD like everything your van has
like a TV in the back yeah
got one of those DVD players alright
alright and and you know I brought the
switch
we brought you know I had my iPad with
me brought the D s just like whatever
will keep them quiet right and basically
that was that but but it was great so
yeah we we went all the way from Calgary
to Bismarck North Dakota in one stretch
and then Bismarck North Dakota home in
the second thing yeah so it was quite a
bit and I feel like I'm in the mood to
play some battlegrounds so you know what
this is what we're playing well Jack
likes it's what I'm into right now and
that's fine that's fine for you like
playing something later we'll play
something later but hey but it was it
was a great trip but yeah it was ready
that we were ready to end it
no offense to Bumblefuck canada blood
hey it was also there wasn't a lot to do
and game yeah we got the right a train
that was really great when does this an
hour of updating to do oh my god
I'm from North Dakota how unexcited was
Bismarck we were in Bismarck for six
hours sleeping for five and a half of it
so I cannot
how many Vulcans did Jack meet oh sure
if shit guys if anyone doesn't know the
small town that I happen to be in was
right next door to Vulcan Alberta yeah
make sure I got all my bindings right
here yeah Vulcan Alberta I mess anything
up for you with bindings so everything
should be alright
Vulcan Alberta is is a place named after
Vulcan the god of what God of War god of
metal or something and in in Star Trek
and we were we were it was a little Star
Trek town you can check my Twitter I
posted a bunch of pictures there's not a
gun Star Trek is a God in Roman
mythology
isn't it isn't but isn't Vulcan also
like I know it's the planet but is it a
god in Star Trek I don't think so okay
everybody's leaving now I like to wait a
little bit I like to wait a little bit
where do we want to aim for I've been
finding some luck or have I've been
finding luck lately let's try it's right
here let's see what we can aim for here
Vulcan was the Roman god of
blacksmithing I thought no matter what
it was that's what it was blacksmithing
both could be that makes weapons but
sure sure but so this town of Vulcan has
has decided to be star a star trek town
and there's all this weird half-assed
Star Trek stuff everywhere and it's it's
beautiful the most beautiful part is
none of the residents watch Star Trek
they don't care they don't give a fuck
about Star Trek Ares is the God of War I
thought Ares was the Greek name and
Vulcan was the Roman name I'm wrong
about many things though so Oh Mars and
Ares Mars is the fokin gotta warm that
that sounds right that sounds right I
want to say I've had success in the
ruins before but these might be
different runs
oh here we go
you're holding the tab button yes I am
holding the tab button I have found that
that is a little easier for for picking
up some things like if it's just one
thing I'll just grab it like that that's
that a bulletproof vest that you did I
miss it
what's on the front of that crate you
understand what's that hanging off the
edge here oh nice that's a police vest
yeah burn jack shit need a backpack not
that you don't die in one hit anyway
well that yeah that's why you got to
find the right vest a helmet would help
a pan would help I tried I tried doing
this on a solo stream yes giving it
another shot
yeah I spent 20 minutes running from the
blue line uh-huh after trying you know
the snipe philosophy I was in a rut for
a while and that didn't work out then
the blue line came and I had to start
moving and then I spent like 15 minutes
just moving forward and then I died one
head
yeah snipe yep that's a fantastic game
that sounds exact it came here's the
thing and you know what I'm not going to
I'm not going to disagree like when you
had a chance I don't remember you know
my password I told her I want to be a
woman oh experiment her and like I
anyone who criticizes this game I am all
for that because there are many things
not good about it you know and I could
see someone being really frustrated with
how quickly you die and how little
happens before you get a chance to
really do anything you know so I'm not
gonna I'm not going to begrudge you your
feelings on the game squad play would be
more fun I have no interest in playing
this with the squad or anything I go and
you know what I want to get good on my
own first but I totally agree squad play
would be great if you go in with a plan
if you go in with a group
been a plan until watch each other's
back like oh that would be awesome
let's see if we're gonna oh great we're
in the area I want you we're in the area
we got a good height advantage here oh
that church usually has crap in it now I
thought this world was huge and randomly
generated it's not by the way I didn't
think it was that is something I have
discovered is the map is the same every
time are there at least different Maps
or is it one big map always on that fun
lion killed by something you couldn't
see really quickly I would love a kill
cam honestly where's the kill cam and
then that's it that's all game so I know
I'm what I'm saying is I completely
understand why someone wouldn't like
this rich is so salty damn straight I am
damn straight I am I want to be a woman
the thing is rich you have to capitalize
each the first letter okay do you resent
my making that joke greatly I don't
blame you if you resent that I feel bad
about it in hindsight I didn't think it
would stick around it's a fine joke you
know I like to be girls and games I know
I know I'm trying to humiliate you
though or something weird you are not
all right you are nuts
I am playing along with the joke got to
get the papers so in any case I totally
understand why people were in like it
because like that's it that's a whole
round I didn't do anything and I died to
someone somewhere yeah total BS but when
you got a good round sometimes it makes
it work worth it I'll tell you what hmm
I'll tell you what oh and I heard all
the tips I did not see the other night
though
finally all here once nice
no cyborg or if I don't think not liking
a game equals salty I think rich just
doesn't like a game and that's fair you
know he doesn't have to like a game
punch in the face
there was one time I was playing a
little earlier this morning yeah
and me and a guy dropped down on the
same roof and we're up on a roof and
like there's guns all around and so we
start scrambling to find guns and I
couldn't find a gun but he found a gun
but I knew it would take him a while to
find some ammo and reload so I just
started punching him in the face right
while he was messing around with his gun
killed him nice like four punches killed
him and I was like yeah and I took his
gun in all of his bullets and like he
loaded the gun for you he tried to load
the gun for me and I said aha you fucked
up it's just little moments like that
but again I can completely understand
why someone wouldn't like it because he
got some bad game sometimes so I guess I
should read this the tips from last
stream anyway do it rich not a sudden
would love to see you and Karen play a
fordable space adventure next time she's
on stream they've added five new levels
since you've streamed it over two years
ago oh yeah that was a cute game which
was them remember that was the one where
it was on the Wii U and like one pearl
highlighted a spaceship was there one
person like controlled the movement the
other per like person controlled the
thrust and the guns yeah yeah and yeah
that was a really cute game I like that
yes still tips I'm sorry oh shit see
look at that someone's landing in the
farm already no but I'm here so we're
going for it they're gonna find a gun
now yeah and this might be a really fast
round I'll tell you what go into this
barn here
shit I'm on the roof Gately says hi rich
my roommates want to get a cat and I
agreed on the condition that we name it
rich Evans
lot of unrelated note you guys should
watch mr. hush on best of the worst man
it's terribly bad we we did not watch
mr. hush but recently where did he go
very recently we we had kind of an
amazing screening oh yeah oh yeah I was
not here for that I know you weren't
here for this right here and you're in a
car with two dogs two kids uh-huh I was
watching some fantastically awful movies
I was experiencing life rich I was that
in some miles my soul
you putz come here they're wearing armor
huh oh I tried right I'm a mad function
strats and it didn't know they'd found
an armor yeah
listen Jack is suppose to be in Canada
still no I'm back I'm back we hauled ass
back because we got bored in Canada we
got we got bored in Canada the trip was
mostly a success so it was the the idea
was we slowly drive out to Canada
camping all the way stay in Canada we
had a family thing in Canada and and
then you know haul ass back our plans
were almost ruined the first night as as
my you know it was me my boys my mom and
my mom's two giant German shepherds her
and the dogs were sleeping in her camper
and me and the boys were in the tent and
on our very first night a freak severe
thunderstorm decided to descend on us in
South Dakota and our tent like the air
pressure started changing so rapidly
that our tent would like implode and and
and like deflate and inflate rapidly and
it woke me up and it was startling it
was terrifying the boy slept right
through it until it imploded enough that
it snapped two of the supports yeah and
fell on my youngest the tent fell on my
own freakout
no he was too tired he didn't even know
what was good luckily like that the tent
was like was pulsating hard enough that
my mom heard it in the camper got the
two dogs in the truck so we could run
into the camper before it started
downpouring excessively yeah and and we
all slept in the camper a camper that
was not designed for someone of my
height so I had to kind of sleep like
this area
also the campsite lost power so we had
to like go get the generator started her
camper has a little generator which
means I was soaking wet I bet I slept
like with a towel over me because I was
soaking wind like this
luckily the campsites we were saying it
had little cabins right that we could
rent from now on and like like literally
cabin I'm talking it was four walls and
some cots
that's a standard cabin yeah but like no
like it didn't have like them pioneers
did not live fancy lives right the the
luxury that we had was an outlet for
charging her electrical devices once I
shot you had that much right well that's
it but it was pretty great so we were
saying at KOA campsites which are kind
of you know regulated campsites that are
distributed throughout the country and
they had these little cabins to rent my
favorite part about that is like a
tenting spot at a KOA campsite it was
like 15 bucks a night yeah and you know
then you just get a hunk of grass that's
it but if you wanted to upgrade to a
cabin it was $25 a night and I was like
oh that's actually a really great deal
for us for something that won't fall
over in a harsh wind but it was great it
was it was it was a fun little
experience and you know I'm like now
that's something that the kids will
remember a little a little adventure in
a severe thunderstorm Jack's done far
better than top 70 on stream I have all
you have to do is just walk towards the
middle of the circle until you walk past
somebody who's sniping it's easy yeah so
sometimes sometimes you come on
sometimes okay sometimes you get a
little lucky sometimes it gets a little
boring
true blue channel wants me to plug vine
sauces charity stream which I presume is
too little too late unless it's like a
week-long marathon sure gobbledygook
says I'm trying to get caught up in
money here's a den a here's a donation
to start a foundation to help prevent
future generations of filmmakers from
embarrassing friends on the internet if
you're aware of anyone with this
expectation share their grief
embarrassing their friends on the
Internet
they're talking about me as a reference
to be jack yeah yeah and what Mike has
done to you over the years
oh I get it now DARS life you know it
works guys le Roger says hi rich cause
for my solo stream Brad they're not
they're not snubbing you alright my
niece jocelyn says you are the best
person who plays ever thanks for making
her day you're welcome if you're
watching this right now what you
probably are up to today's where we're
caught out or mostly caught up Brian
Shanno says I just did the wisest thing
ever
I bought a ps4 purely so I could play
blood-borne did you guys do all the
chalice dungeons because Jesus Christ
fucked my cock at leas ramped up fast I
think they do I I have not done them all
I have played around with them a fair
amount the chalice dungeons yeah oh they
do ramp up fast no I have not done all
of them I don't even know if I've done
I've done a couple of them though I
spent 10 minutes on the same fucking
roof nobody walked by
absolutely fucking nobody walked by uh
you know what I could believe that I
could believe that I hear some gunfire I
don't know if I'm close enough to anyone
I was armed like a motherfucker and then
I got sniped in one head while running
to the blue zone from the blue zone
ah you know what I believe it we do I
have to make my way inside the circle
I'm pretty close though so I think I can
do it I'm just gonna hang out here for a
second see if I see anyone do they need
to be a bit more generous with the times
before the blue Zelan thing shit starts
it's just need to be a little bit slower
it's tricky because you know you want to
keep that pressure on people I because
that's where the exciting moments happen
when you have to make quick decisions
but you also want to make sure people
you know have time to get themselves
equipped properly equipped and so you
know the answer is maybe somebody who
has to book it to the zone they need
time to catch their breath before the
next zone thing starts otherwise you're
just doing nothing but running yeah yeah
I'm with you
basically what I'm saying is maybe I do
think like yeah that there's a lot of
small tweaks that need to be made none
of our sons and this is what caught up
after this was hoping for mega maker
tonight oh yeah so what explain mega
maker to me no Mario maker yeah imagine
if they did that with Megaman oh okay
now now imagine if Capcom had nothing to
do with it because this is 100% free and
made by fans that sounds great
which couldn't been easy because there's
a whole no uploading and sharing levels
component to it this is a fan-made game
that's got servers and whatnot
interesting it is you want to play more
of this shit this is the play rate we
are you know what I'll play this for a
little bit that's fine that's fine with
them I want we got any little
battleground motherfucker we got time
great leave my bag all fucking night
jay-ar our Lovecraft says saw the new
Thor 3 trailer yeah Ragnarok question
how can the Hulk work as a member of a
team isn't he just uncontrollable rage
and if your answer is plot convenience I
will accept that explanation Hulk has
been a member of the Avengers now for
three movie here's the thing Hulk I this
is not talking about the cinematic
universe thinking as this is a different
beast but comic book Hulk has basically
had multiple personality disorder for a
long time now and sometimes the Hulk is
quite smart sometimes the hope is
extremely dumb sometimes the Hulk is a
moderate intelligence but he's kind of
an asshole
The Hulk has had dozens of personalities
yes
so yes the Hulk can work in a team
depending upon what personality the Hulk
has this decade right but also a Hulk
has already worked with this team in
these movies yeah this this Marvel
Cinematic Hulk appears to have the
capacity for some intelligence but then
again he did kind of go nuts in the
Helicarrier in the first Avengers so
it's kind of plot to convenience it's
kind of broad convenience no no that no
no that was the first instance of Hulk
appearing in the movie where he didn't
really and remember a Hulk and Bruce
Banner are two different people
well the The Incredible Hulk is still
canon right right okay but that he
wasn't working with a group there so
that was Hulk's first time in the group
and Loki was was manipulating him
remember mm-hmm you can't blame that but
then in in an Ultron Hulk is fighting
right up there alongside the team did
you watch the new Thor trailer yeah God
are they ripping off guardians I don't
know that I even care tell me they're
not writing Hulk exactly like Drax from
guardians one no I've seen he's kind of
comic he's kind of comic but like the
whole thing is he's saying the blunt
honest thing to Thor when they're having
that little conversation I am like
whatever it was you were like water I'm
like fire well I'm like fire too but
hope like big great you know and they're
right he's being written like Drax
no Drax has a different stick he that's
that's just him competing with Thor I
don't know maybe I hope not because you
know rich what the fuck you talking
about I'm talking about tone and style
Thor is now a fun comical space
adventurer with fun personalities like
guardians of the galaxy yeah I could see
some comparisons there putting together
like a team they're putting together you
know some guardians and I got there they
got their badass warrior woman they got
their big strong guy they got their main
guy who's also a strong guy yeah I could
say there's an argument they got that
music going they got that kind of late
seventies early eighties graphic a
little style with logo it has itself
some Guardians you know I don't know
that that's a terrible thing
I don't know that that's bad I'm not
saying it's bad I'm pointing out what
they're doing
I guess I could see some arguments being
made for it and then you know the big
question is whether or not it's part of
the movie or just part of the
advertising because guardians has done
very well right sure I don't know what
drinking energy drinks does but I'm
gonna do it because why not
rich tell Jack he left the best shotgun
behind in that house well too late now
God tell me quicker and I already have a
shotgun but more importantly have a
machine gun so I'm good I like the
machine gun more and I got a nice dot
sight there that's great
whoever whoever gave me that tip when I
was playing that like quick press for
this view oh shit shit shit I'm in a
bomb zone no send anymore I'm in a Bob
zone I know you are I don't know what
you want me to do about this just let
you know if you see on the little red
map I'm in the red thing and that means
bombs are coming
someone says hoarding gear seems like a
mistake yeah you don't like once you
have a couple good guns and bandages you
don't need to worry about like grabbing
more items which i think is like an
early player mistake where you just keep
searching for new items but uh you know
like bandages stuff like that
really as it gets more as it gets as the
circle gets smaller and smaller you're
looking for mace what you close to that
house you want to get inside right but
that's where the there's all right all
right you know there's bombs everywhere
going near the house I agree with you
but just taking my time get in get in
get it get in oh that was that was that
was tense that was that was tense yeah
it was a grenade frag grenade I want
that please what else what else was at
the comic-con oh my god everything the
the defenders had their panel and some
more some more trailers not super hyped
but you know Sigourney Weaver stranger
things stranger things have their
trailer come out which which seems like
it's it's it's going from the 80s is
just a happenstance setting to the 80s
is remember the thriller remember
ghostbusters remember dragons laughs
yeah could just be a trailer thing I
don't know but remember the things yeah
it was need that kind of pandering it
was a lot of remember the things season
was it was just a setting right
it's ghostbusters them just like
Ghostbusters they got a thing of joy
trap and you know they're dressed like
ghostbusters I don't mind just like
Ghostbusters trap that's something that
a kid would do but yeah hopefully it's
as earnest as it was and yeah in the
first movie
all right there are gun remember daddy's
very didn't he's waiting inside
yeah yeah yeah and you know I I think I
think they've they've earned enough
credit huh for that amazing first season
oh yeah yeah I'm not we're not
completely shitting her I'm just this is
the vibe I got the trailer oh definitely
definitely but you know hopefully they
had a good creative team going in the
same creative teams uh here's hoping
that's saying if you want eighties
nostalgia explosion take a look at the
ready player one trailer oh my god that
God or chaotic fucking mess now I have
not read the book ready player one I
because of the trailer I read the
synopsis on Wikipedia it sounds like a
reference reference his reference people
have been posting like pages from the
book
yeah I'm lying like here like if you
want to know what ready player ones all
about here's a page and I just reading
one page I'm cringing the hardest I've
ever cringed because that's what it's
all about it's it's it's a reference
after a reference after a reference you
know it's like one page of that book is
off and um maybe the whole thing works
you know maybe it all works the other no
I think someone's been here already
oh hello crossbow maybe not please fist
level to helmet level three nice mask
nice crossbow has treated me good in the
past but it's really hard and at the end
I assume the end if you make it that far
is just gonna get too chaotic yeah so
yeah like those arrows are just gonna be
cluttering your inventory absolutely
I just don't need all this crap
I'll close her we to the we're pretty
close
don't judge a book by its trailer come
on I'm also judging it by its Wikipedia
page yeah no it seems the book seems
awful I'm not you know I have not read
it I've like I've just read the the
pages that people have posted and it
just seems you know it just seems awful
my shotgun
so that any interest in oh fish Oh
garbage hot garbage hot hot garbage
that's my final thought on the radio and
ready player one and in general Jeff
saying any interest in West world was
there West world stuff from the
comic-con I don't think I think there
was just the announcement that we're not
getting more West world until next
fucking year good that means they're
taking their time with it yeah i season
one of West world is fantastic it's
something I really enjoyed and uh yeah
I'm ready for more I'm looking forward
to more I already have so yeah any more
west world good ah good I'll take it
oh shit I wasn't paying attention
you're kind of fucked aren't you no no I
just slowly lose health I'll be kind of
fucked
no no I'm close I'm close doesn't look
like you can catch up with it yeah well
no it's it's you see well you can't see
because the camera is right there but
I'm close enough to the white line where
I can get into the camera is so far over
I can see it on the other side okay well
so I'm close enough to the white line
where I can heal myself after and then
keep moving but yeah I gotta keep moving
it's getting they say you run faster
with a pistol well I'm sure I run faster
with a pistol but I also want a gun that
can do some damage get out of the blast
zone oh you're getting all kinds of
fucked pretty much that's okay cuz I can
make it so yeah if you're outside of the
blue line you just slowly lose health
but now I'll be here drop so no one sees
me bandaged up I haven't even watched
any new Star Trek Discovery trailers
I've heard there was one I just kind of
forgot about it
oh yeah I'm just fully expecting that
show to be crap now we're getting we're
getting closer and closer so we got a
shit
yeah I'm pretty fucked button hab 78
says is it me or to Star Trek Discovery
continue to look more and more like
cinematic garbage and now the main
character is supposed to be Spock's
adopted sister huh that's a rumor is
that is that a cannon thing no I don't
think he ever had a sister okay great
we're adding that for this shit
apparently our original ideas dead is
Trek dead our original ideas are dead no
and I don't know the trek is dead yet
original ideas are not dead they're just
not the original ideas are not dead but
you can't expect an original idea with
something called Star Trek in front of
it like you have to go outside of
something called Star Trek for original
ideas like original ideas being dead and
I've never stopped anybody
look at how creatively bankrupt Star
Wars is and they're still making that
yeah well that's all I'm saying is that
Veda is gonna be in the Han Solo movies
for no reason he's gonna be the stylers
movie you gotta have the dog Vader in it
he's a guy over here I know he's
probably lying prone I don't think he
saw me this happened to me I got shot in
the back
nah Star Wars isn't name me one original
idea Star Wars has had in the last 20
years they're gonna they're gonna point
to all the books and what the shit that
wasn't profitable what original idea
that worked the x-wings
rebels and there's a dead star at a dog
Vader you got egg swings and the
revolution a Death Star and if that
theta you're all kinds of fucked killcam
give me a kill camp well I guess but
again this is all I'm saying is you're
you're asking two different questions
like our original idea is dead and you
know this Star Trek thing looks bad it's
like no there are there is a good
original sci-fi out there it's just not
going to be called Star Trek you know go
see a rival if you want good original
Syfy if you want good Star Trek then you
just go watch Star Trek beyond yeah
which I believe is on Netflix now I know
it's on Amazon Prime and it's fucking
great I watched it again recently it's
so good
yes I'll be called Orville Orville this
is the the Star Trek with a good ideas
III tell you that that Seth MacFarlane
Star Trek ripoff show is gonna be great
yeah I got a feeling oh yeah I got a
feeling that shows gonna shock people
mm-hmm yeah go see valerian people who
are ready to see something that's in the
spirit of Star Trek and not just
something that has the Star Trek name
slapped on it this is this is what I'm
saying yeah
this is what I'm saying get its and it's
in our head you've got to get there it's
it's gonna be it's gonna be one of those
shot of the dead style loving parodies
yes yeah I could see that yeah I could
see that MacFarlane is a fanboy I'm so
comes out turns out
wrong and it is just pure garbage but
we'll see hope for that I do Star Trek
discover preacher preacher is original
except for that it was based off of a
comic book I know and everything is
based off of everything else I think
even of rival is based off of a short
story who and I didn't much care for the
first episode of preacher I'll tell you
what I did not much care for that that
uh that pilot of preacher kind of I kind
of love the comics I know I don't have
faith that the show was gonna do it
justice right or if it does like like no
you know what in the third season they
finally got it right and it's like yeah
it's too late it's too late ss heart is
in the right place rebooting cosmos
that's right huge a eighty one like I
said can be funny I like a lot of stuff
he does you know there was some good
Family Guy in there I actually really
liked Ted
I thought Ted was a very good movie I
just don't personally like it when he's
on camera because he looks kind of like
a douchebag and that's my only issue
with uh with the show is he's starring
in it right Sofia
yeah the Orval yeah yeah I just don't
like looking at him I'm not I'm not even
saying he's a bad actor I just don't
like looking at his face I'm I can't
give a good reason why but I'm
optimistic all right you know what I'll
be with you then I'll be with you
originality is out there you just have
to look for a different name on it know
what I've been havin over here with all
right this little like Airport and that
looks like two runways right there
I don't know if I've ever been over here
we'll try that see what's over there oh
yeah I watch heroes that you know what
the first season of Heroes was pretty
dark I knew that was gonna run out of
steam and leave you unsatisfied it sure
did run out of steam and leave me
unsatisfied but that's first season was
pretty damn good say drive dives
straight down Jack to go faster I was
I'm just reading the thing I thought I
was this is oh that's not an airstrip I
was here last week
what Oh something that doesn't that'll
crevice area oh yeah yeah anything good
no it was later game though so I wasn't
I wasn't in scrounging for materials no
sure give me again give me a gun give me
a gun again
give me again it didn't run out of steam
the writers strike happened
either way oh yeah you were left
unsatisfied
oh my and it really did it really
pedaled but you know even like even with
the writers strike they just had no idea
where they were going with that
that was that Lindelof again heroes yes
yeah classic Lindelof you know ask a
bunch of you know set up a bunch of
great pieces and piss all over it I
don't know if we're watching Twin Peaks
this is a question for Jay Jay Josh
they're all over the Twin Peaks all over
that's my pigs I'm waiting so I can
binge I'm waiting for the season to be
over and then I'm planning on binging me
personally but I'm looking forward to it
I'll tell you what I'll tell you what
I've been talking to with Jay about it
here and there
fucking hell about name says hey guys
I'm wondering if you've seen Dunkirk I
thought it was one of the most realistic
movies I've ever seen if you haven't
seen it what movies struck you most with
realism space cop space cop anyway
pick any drama and say that's realism
going about the lives what constitutes
real is Reimer versus Kramer vs Kramer
right I am not at all in any way
concerned about realism in my movies
right right
is I in fact enjoyed the fiction of
movies that's why I like movies so much
so I'm not at all concerned with that
I've heard really good things about
Dunkirk I I haven't been able to watch a
Nolan movie since the Dark Knight Rises
because I thought that was such a huge
piece of garbage I like I didn't see
interstellar and I didn't see actually I
think it's just an inner cellar and the
best movies seem to have a bit of style
to them Evil Dead - England - does not
give a fuck about realism yep the worst
items I need a backpack and I need a big
gun when one year depicting war it's
important to have realism why if it's a
documentary sure but you know is
inglorious basterds realistic maybe a
little bit
I not have that gun where do I put
through that saving the Saving Private
Ryan that's a good gritty realistic war
I think but I've never been a war so I
can't tell you for sure right but I
don't know that you have to depict war
realistically by the way even depicting
it realistically is a stylistic choice
no and I am not at all concerned with
realism in movies and if that's the
direction they go like you know
something like the the slow plotting
nature of you know like a punch-drunk
love like a pole what's what's his name
pole W Anderson yeah like that or a big
movie there will be blood you know where
it's just slow and it's a lot of
characters talking but it still has some
style to it I don't know if that's
something a person would even consider
realistic but a you know thoughts on the
new Call of Duty set in world war ii
removing swastikas and having black
female Nazis ah that's just stupid the
shooting Nazis is the fun part of world
war ii games
you shouldn't sense her out the swastika
you have to you have to face this
horrible thing that you like you're
doomed to repeat history if you don't
learn the lesson what's the how's the
saying go I'm fucking it up your butt
yeah I don't know that it's better to
pretend that it didn't happen you have
to face how horrible the Nazis were and
get people to shoot him that's part of
the fun man bright shoot the Nazis you
know what a pretend it didn't happen
right
I put you on here no I need I
desperately desperately need a backpack
hey yeah backpack a little - backpack
shit yeah
now we're talking now we're fucking
talking rich if it's offensive
it's supposed to be we're supposed to
not like them not they were awful and
again that's the fun of the game this
shooting fucking Nazis yes yes get with
it man okay you know you can make your
own decisions with your own game you do
it you do you but maybe you don't get
why people like that shit the problem is
that real neo-nazis want to play as
Nazis that we know who the fuckers are
we know exactly who keep an eye on right
just like those guys who want to play
Jason a little too much just go all
right you get on a list now you're on a
list now forever
come on not even close
no of course I'll make it I'll make it I
could use a vest but we're doing pretty
alright this round we got so we got some
nice weapons got backpack I could use a
vest so I could use a little more armor
oh can I Drive you there only excluding
the swastikas and multiplayer and I
still think it's dumb Oh only a
multiplayer yeah
I hit a tree my bad
don't hit trees probably why they want
you to drive on roads and shit fuck that
bad gamer Korean says Jack I'm Jack have
you played splatoon - I didn't play one
cuz I didn't have a wii u but man am i
enjoying splat - which to me says it's
out now pretty bright visuals so much
light-hearted fun would love to play
with you if you have plans question mark
I don't I don't necessarily plan on
playing it but I don't not so what's
what's this just take her just go just
stay current go who needs this shit fuck
oh this game is great oh it's so fun
rich is all fun I have already conceded
that it's not always fun we got the car
while we were in a duel with somebody we
got shot in the back so fun I have
killed many people that way by the way
my favorite is is find it as seeing a
duel right wins the duel and they go
over to loot the stuff and then I shoot
them and I go over to loot the stuff and
someone shoots me yes that's right chaps
so realistic Jorgen bunda said that
nice one Jorgen one as he realism
fuckers that was my own fault I should
have went in the building so I could
have had some cover that was I got I got
distracted I got distracted
deal with jerks naïveté eventually
only you know you won't know he's there
when you go back to the car no but you
can't be in a car for too long it's
something I've learned because a car is
a just a giant loud target job and it's
pretty easy to kill someone in a car yep
so that's that you never want to be in a
car for too long
and I got you know I got well enough
inside the circle where I should have
played it a little more safely that was
my fault
playing game badly doesn't enjoy game
stop using that shitty mouse keyboard
setup this is a gaming mouse and this is
WASD fuck off this is my gaming mouse
and this is WASD there I am I am NOT
fuck off
right click to instantly take slash
equip items you don't have to drag them
over oh that's good see you know what
that's a helpful tip I don't mind if you
keep playing this if you could just play
a little better that would be great not
gonna happen you guys know I'm not good
at video games you've said so you've
said so I'm not I'm not gonna you know
what I'm purposefully not gonna get
better punch punch punch dragon punch
that's eighty five says guten abend
minor Haran have you seen the latest
German or else son youtube right here
may have a link
are you already feeling new berlin new
Wolfenstein is out in three months oh my
god
I'm not even familiar with this German
or else thing you talk about yeah you
know I'm already I got a I already got
sick of new order I'll be real with you
I got real sick a new order real fast
all the taka-taka-taka-taka all that
taka taka man you have you have far less
tolerance of these things than I do yes
I just can't stand up when there's very
little else well but that was my problem
is like the LA when gameplay is
half-assed because they're too busy
trying to tell a story I can't stand it
but the levels were so fucking short the
levels were so damn short and then you
get a big extended story cutscene it's
always doom doom is fantastic Jesus
Christ Doom is the best
Jesus Christ Doom is the fucking best
Gately says hi guys nice shirt rich and
nice gams Jack yay check out my gams
thanks for providing us all with such
entertaining content over the years mind
giving a shout out to my boy Steve
Miller thanks again shout out to my boy
Steve Miller you from the band is that's
what I'm talking about yep
I don't know any other fucking Steve
Miller I don't give a shit who they are
right so Steve Miller Band that's what
matters
so once in the house rich
now if they're smart they'll just leave
if they're smart they don't need this
headache they get nothing from this
encounter with you well they get all my
shit they don't need that much shit they
just need to live right this shit the
shit the loot the loot is alive the loot
is alive you are correct now if instead
of the circle mechanic you needed like
food off of people to stay alive
that would be something that would be
something to keep you going yeah and
keep you moving and and and not just
stand there and camp but the said they
got the circle mechanic which is awful
this guy has no reason to fight you but
you're doing it because you both want to
fight someone that's the only reason
you're here well at least I know who
killed me that time rich is so wrong
rich you're so wrong I know husband said
you fund the stream so far obviously I'm
wrong and this game is perfect ten out
of ten game of the year it's a ten game
of the year you might get a year it's
just what I feel like playing today and
you know what also because so little
happens it's really easy to talk over
like I don't have to think about stuff
to Mars I mean just talk about shit food
mechanic would just make people hoard
cans of beans sitting at our and snipe
everyone who approaches well if you
could only get the beans by looting
other players in the first place then
you would have earned that position so
every player so you don't find you don't
find you don't scavenge for the beans
every player starts every player starts
with beans yeah and you need to eat a
can of being every two minutes something
like that I like it right and then the
only way to get more beans is by killing
other crops
now you're talking rich now you're
talking the only the only thing that
would be severely annoying about that
yeah I near the end of the game and
everyone else is all far apart yeah yeah
oh I'll grant you that and and it's just
and you would have no idea where the
other players are so you need a much
smaller bat map in a much smaller
starting maybe maybe this map is too
goddamn big they cut off 75% of it after
the first two minutes yeah so maybe the
map is too goddamn big well I think the
the the feeling with the map size is
because it's just one map uh-huh it
makes it feel like it's more map because
you just hang out in one area you know
so then it just feels like I'm saying
maybe the initial premise is flawed well
I mean the initial premise of a battle
royale
royale game is alright there's something
in there
doing the early drop out and head over
to nuke town over here see if I can hang
out in this area
head over to nuke town oh yeah the more
beans eat the more you fart some people
can hear you come that's a Christian now
we're talking now we've got the makings
now I got the makings of a real game all
rich does is complain it's true you hate
everything did you know yeah I know I
know I don't you know oddly enough I
don't praise things I don't like what oh
this is amazing
this is so amazing that I would just be
full of shit and why would you want to
listen to me at all that's true this is
popular I better find a way to like this
so the met raining is working on a
Netflix show I heard that an animated
Netflix show featuring the voice cast or
a lot of the most of them of Futurama
doesn't look like they have katey sagal
oh that's too bad she's good and I
haven't heard anything about David X
Cohen being involved he's one of the
creators he created Futurama with with
Matt okay it was right around the
Simpsons back in the day right
come on come on give me a gun give me a
gun give me a gun rich hates everything
is true Jack thinks everything is mad
yeah I didn't I didn't just praise to
him we didn't just have 30 streams a
Friday the 13th the game because we
loved it I enjoyed mega maker quite a
bit no the other day did but did you
know that you hate everything I know I
know I hate how do you how do you how do
you make that how do you square that
rich that's let's see that's why you
hate this not because you really hate it
but because you need to find something
to hate for your insatiable lust of hate
I get it I get it now oh you know what I
really hate all Rick and Morty all oh I
hate that show Oh cuz I hate everything
Jan you do I know that about you like oh
can you put that on oh maybe that's bad
a scone I'm not gonna care about it
right now cuz I need a fucking gun oh I
can drive that Jeep anonymous says Jack
are you playing mega maker tonight this
is entirely up to you the answer is
maybe right now we're playing this
obviously if you hadn't noticed we're
playing this right now I might play mega
Maker rich seem to really enjoy a mega
maker I got a gun reload just a pistol I
could use like a real gun we're gonna
get a cool mask
all right we'll take shotgun who wish I
can choke did you know I hate this game
just because I'm not good at it yeah I
didn't know that about you by the way
but you know but then I'm also not good
at it and I don't hate it so wait a
minute we got a problem
guys we got a problem here god damn it
you chat you chat you fuckers get your
shit together there's a car gonna loot
this house now we're gonna drive this
car into the into the safety of dance
into the safe zone oh my god I got two
minutes I got two whole minutes come on
so I thought you're all right last time
you played rich even if that's the case
I still didn't enjoy it I spent I spent
half the game running from a blue line
and I spent the other half just sitting
there doing nothing waiting to snipe
somebody who didn't walk by that's the
game it's awful I disagree and that's
okay people see see how it works
rich thinks one way and you can think
another way and then we all just get
along all right let's get the fuck out
of here
oh no that looks like a jeep you can
drive instead of the map shrinking you
should get bigger until you are huge
Giants that might be the best addition
oh and we're so fucked this game by the
way that car that I was gonna take to
the safety zone yeah is a
non-functioning car oh maybe this truck
works it's hard to tell sometimes which
vehicle works in which don't know and
I'm Way out of the oh yeah of the circle
area so I have approximately a minute to
find a vehicle or else I'm just totally
fucked and I'm gonna die
say if it's rusty it's broken
if it's oh wait I think that could be
one Jack is dead yeah it's rusty so it's
broken right and that's the yep okay
well there's something over behind those
they're rusty cars button I didn't see
any em I'm gonna I'm dragging towards
the objective while desperately
searching for a vehicle and you know
what this is my fault this is my fault
rich because I wasn't paying attention
to the map right away and you could
check the circle and I didn't so it's my
fault that I'm gonna die the most boring
death of all the blue line is gonna kill
me all real vehicles spawn facing east
that sounds like a lot of horseshit it
steams it's too weird to be effect it's
also too weird to make up that's really
weird switch switch to your pistol or
put away your weapon to run faster okay
motorcycle motorcycle
yeah wait how do I go
fine everything's fine everything's
about nope all right this way
I should really stick it to the roads
oh I'm gonna crash I didn't type in
before he crashes and Oh fun game such a
fun game such a fun game such a fun game
Gabe Lee says my buddy Steve was
listening while driving and almost got
into a wreck when he heard the Shh
this shout-out whoops anonymous says
today I mentioned to my mom that I
apparently swear in my sleep uh-huh to
which she replied oh it's a good thing
you don't sleep with kids then yeah mom
I wouldn't want to pick up any bad
habits
thankee owl I didn't crash and dive
someone shot me as I like I crashed but
that didn't hurt me and then someone
randomly was there and shot me in the
back I'm not saying I'm like I said I've
had a little bit of fun with this game
I'm not saying it's perfect it's just
you know it has its moments where it
kicks you in the balls and there's very
little there's very sometimes there is
very little that you as a player can do
to play well this game is the video game
equivalent of herpes and it's spreading
just as fast judging by Steam stats it's
good for a lark I forget how much it was
I forget how much it was button this
game is constant ball kicks yeah yes got
some it's got some kicks to the balls
I'll be honest with you absolutely but
you know what sometimes you get to be
the ball kicker and now that feels
pretty good someone do someone do an up
time for me someone do an up time for me
thirty bucks
yeah twenty would be better you either
love it or hate it Jack now all right
kaleidoscope you get it you get it there
are parts I like about it
one hour seven minutes okay I'll play
for a little bit longer I know you play
as long as you want I'm gonna give it
shit but as long as you're having fun
whatever you know what sometimes I am
don't I don't feel any pressure to stop
playing because I'm being a jackass
because it amuses me this game is super
popular it's like super pop like super
popular all right here we go try again
here we go
we're gonna be smart this time we're
gonna land we're gonna loot a little bit
then we're gonna check the house right
away we're gonna check the map right
away
I'm also just gonna jump out as soon as
I can head to that radio tower that's my
plan
radio tower wait a little longer to
deploy your parachute you're just
letting an auto deploy right I'm just
letting it Auto deploy so I've never hit
the release parachute button if you see
on the low you actually can't see
because our cameras covering it on the
left side you hit a certain point which
is right now at around 100 kilometers
where your parachute auto deploys did it
deploy when you're higher because you're
over a mountain I don't know was that a
factor
maybe is there a mountain factor in this
game yes 100 percent drop so no I
actually have never in my entire history
playing this game never have I hit the
deploy parachute button and knew
the hilltop is a deathtrap great it's
based on sea level rich so if you want
to get on the ground sooner it's to your
advantage to land on a mountain yes no
backpack doesn't matter what you do
you're gonna die in one hit from behind
yep
it sucks sometimes Oh
check my map ok no circle the area yet
good we're good there Jack have you
considered looking for people and
killing them no no never
why why would you do that that's just
stupid
so budding all-caps ed vest level 2 did
you miss a vest it's very possible I
missed it a vest but you know currently
I'm working on not dying current my
current plan is not dying
god I suck jump down great oh you have
to see like this person has so much shit
they have to spawn with it right don't
you think
no I don't know you know what I don't
know either
I'm gonna be okay with this gun I kind
of like this gun did I get any bandages
from you no do I have any bandages it's
the cheap bad gotta look down science or
you're very inaccurate yeah yeah you can
you can hold the right trigger and you
kind of get a little more accurate and
that's what I was doing because looking
down sightseeing it takes a little it's
a little disorientating and so I didn't
do that oh shit oh no and I'm in the
zone I'm in the zone so I'm good is
there an option just to play the whole
game third my first person yeah like
this but I prefer this because it gives
me a slightly wider field of view and
and I prefer that people just know how
to fall faster than you no one ever
spawns with gear okay how much Jack's
supposed to fall faster oh no and I
believe that like I don't think anyone
starts with gear it's just oh shit and
I'm fucked no maybe you'll be in the
center of the circle and you could just
hang out here all game and be fine right
you'd be the last one alive is that not
theoretically possible that is very
theoretically possible I mean I try to
be a little more proactive than that
though they want you to take off the
parachute I don't have a parachute I
have a backpack
come on chat you know better than that
I'm sure there was like a road to get
down or something and I just chose
poorly but I'm still in the Senate I'm
you know I'm in the circle so I'm gonna
be okay with it and I'll just take this
way down and analysis well absolutely
nothing worth giving a shit about coming
to theaters in August what are your
overall thoughts on the movie summer
movie season this year yeah weird
guardians in spider-man shit I'm ended
I'm not dead I'm just very close to dead
and now the bombs are coming god fucking
damn it
I think I think if summers seem
lackluster these days because Christmas
season has started eating into the
density of your summer blockbusters sure
is now now they're spraying it out more
over the year it used to be
June and July were insane it's like
every week another big movie was coming
out now now a few of those are moving
over to December instead yeah yeah um no
we've had some good movies come out this
year we've had some good movies and you
know what summers not over right when
does uh when does the floor come out is
that soon
Oh bandage
Bunnie boyfriend says now either of you
ever have that says no says how how
either of you ever loved a show so much
you went out and bought books with new
adventures based on the Cheryl I imagine
much like myself Mike has a collection
of T and G Star Trek books I don't
believe he does neither neither do i I
usually expect novel cheap novel
versions of things to be awful yeah I
think if you're an author you probably
you probably want to write your own
stories but if you're writing like
licensed T and G books you're you're
probably writing bad fanfiction right
you and and you know it's it's just a
paycheck for you we're like yeah okay I
got a cranked out another Star Trek
bullshit oh I don't know the captain
finds an alien uh that's my that's my
impression of like a pay pay for all
right all right what I really want is
better is like a scope that's what I'm
really looking for here yes we talked
about Jack's vacation first thing he's
is not dead I'm not dead
Dennis see I'm talking about just a big
target on it yeah where are you going he
doesn't see me yet oh he's driving away
it's fine there was not he's driving
around
alright alright
sometimes the plane drops presence and I
haven't been able to get a present yet
Jr Lovecraft the chat is saying kill
Jason you promised I would love to do a
kill Jason stream its just probably
difficult
I'll see you look there do you see that
over there that parachute yeah it's
dropping at present I'm just gonna head
a little more towards the center of this
circle and kind of take my time here
yeah if I could find some more bandages
that would be helpful fanboy yeah go waa
waa says hi guys hi Bebel could you
maybe make a Friday the 13th group on
steam maybe then we can make Jason sleep
with the fishes also this would reduce
the chance of saboteurs I'll tell you
know what there there's another problem
with trying to kill Jason in a group and
I'll tell you what that is I was a play
in Friday the 13th once yeah oh look
what happened to that this guy crashed
his car I was playing in Friday 13th was
he dead I don't know probably not dead
why don't you proceed with caution
I was playing Friday the 13th once and I
was Jason and you know it's just a
couple like there's a male counselor a
female counselor and a Tommy Jarvis
left's right and they've been kind of
sent another car on the road it's not
moving gasps Oh Jeff guess you don't
need gas cars come with gas
so so there was a time jars right and
they were they were giving me some
hassles and they were acting a little
suspicious I was Jason yeah so all the
sudden they're kind of grouped up
together and one of them hits me and
knocks me down and I hear them say he's
down go go go and I knew it and the girl
and just the girl ran away yeah I knew
immediately that they were going for a
Jason well that's the problem
okay the problem then isn't playing with
a group the prom is playing with a dumb
group well here's right here's the
proper strap right well I Olin the the
moral of the story is if Jason knows
you're going for a kill you will not get
it unless you're smarter than they were
I don't know because he never split up
well here's the thing I could have I
could have stayed there and fought the
people and font Tommy but I knew
immediately that they were going for
Jason kills so I concentrated my fire
woman sure yeah
here's alternates trap yeah don't have
the woman split up and go alone everyone
as a fucking group head over to the
shack right and then you just do the
whole deed right there in front of the
Shack that's not bad
Jason put straps down in front of the
Shack well guess what you over the whole
group to non-essential personnel can
just walk right into those traps
everyone else keep Jason bitch everyone
else keep Jason stunned
so that group was just dumb
well I had also I also killed all them
so there are only three players left
right okay that is a working vehicle but
I'm actually not going to touch it
because I'm already in the zone and so
I'm just gonna hang out in the zone I'd
love to be able to find another health
packet but I'm just kind of we're just
gonna play super cautiously oh there's a
little house keep the high ground
there have been no shortage of
previously recorded Friday than 13
streams almost to the point where it's
like we can't we kind of got to give it
a break we we had like eight of them in
a row one whenever you want to bring
your PC and Jack we can go for the kill
again or don't I don't you know whatever
within the zone already rich so quick to
insult other players intelligence kind
of mean I also kind of true you're
talking about your plans right in front
of the Jason who you were obviously
trying to kill and then you send
essential personnel who was vital for
the kill off alone yes with Jason fully
aware of where she is going and what you
word fragment it's just dumb yeah it's a
bad strategy bad strat either you have
someone fast grab the sweater early yeah
or you you just go everyone goes there
as a fucking group and it's a fight it's
a fucking battle but that's how you do
it
I don't want to run here but I'd love
another health pack
Oh horseshit I hit it I hit him a lot
that was horseshit I also remember my
health was all the way down from falling
I understand that so I know I got a move
and I didn't want to go in there because
I was sure a guy was in there waiting on
the edge like me but I gave him enough
time I know I had no I didn't have the
health for but I thought I had him oh oh
well horse oh I like that that's a good
sweater instead of horse shit you say
horse apples
I like that Jack trigger choice Oh horse
apples
Jirka Manzo's this game reminds me of a
quote sometimes you have fun and
sometimes the fun has you I don't think
I don't think that is a quote but you
know well I guess you said it so it's a
it's your quote but brick Jagger says
hey guys hi how about that board game
stream I think Jack mentioned owning
Star Wars rebellion yeah and I believe
it's a two players game should be more
action-packed than this always fun to
catch you live you know I played it once
mm-hmm and it was alright it was
interesting I'd love to play it again it
seemed like it had some decent strategy
to it we might be able to do that as a
TV if we can ever get a big group I
would love to do captain sonar yeah that
that's that submarine okay battle where
it's a lot like the Wrath accom
spaceship battle where you're trying to
figure out where the other player is so
you can bomb them you know but every
time you move they try to figure out
where you are and that's a super good in
fact I haven't even played that since I
played at the once because you need that
you need at least six people to play it
for it to be fun but
the Bruno 3 says hey guys rich have you
by chance played warframe before no I
asked because the gameplay seems up your
alley being a vanquished type shooter
really fast and agile free-to-play is
the only downside see it
excuse me there's some kind of micro
transaction involved I'm just I'm not
familiar with it
I mean maybe all into it dude dude if
you're falling at terminal velocity when
your chute opens you'll fall much faster
alright explain to us up jack is not
falling on terminal is there an extra
button one needs to hit wellhere's go
through the entire process of falling
out of the here's what I think it's oh
you hit the button to fall right yeah
then you can either go like this which
means you get distance or you can kind
of look down yeah and that makes you
fall really fast but then you kind of
have to you don't get to choose where
you lay down you fall directly beneath
you so you know what you do is it like
you fall like that you aim yourself
towards this house and then you go like
this to fall so it's probably not
jumping out of the plane at the right
spot in the first place well but then
like no matter where you jump out of the
plane you have to kind of like see look
at that my guys wave way faster because
he jumped out directly over that house
been my guests apparently oh no
everybody's fucking over here alright
well I'll see what happens
I'm a head punching strat you have to
push forward while looking down and I
was
gotta hit me gotta hit me gotcha gotcha
hey mad punching strats man I got you
you son of a bitch we're calling you 20
punch man one paw hey I did it didn't I
he was too busy fiddling around with his
gun not punching me back that's all that
matters doesn't matter how I did it I
did it
now there's another fucker around here
too so I got to be careful epic Jason X
9000 says good evening
epic Jason oh hey epic Jason I got your
uh your space cops ness fanart thought
that was pretty fun I haven't seen him I
thought forwarded to you might not have
I might not have seen it yet if you did
oh yeah no you don't take your email
yeah captain but he made it he made a
space cop thing that looked like like a
ass nest game okay pretty fun cool
since rich does an extremely good George
Lucas impersonation and cosplay I've
been wanting to share this MADtv skit
with rich from quite a while now alright
you're on fire jack fortunately you
caught that guy when he was looking the
other way he knew there was another
person here too so he was checking that
door should I check the other door what
do you got we've had some shit
you try that right-click nonsense huh
you know this is how I'm used to doing
it so this is how I'm doing it how about
that how about that motherfuckers
we got some shit now and you know what
learn from the mistakes of other people
keep checking
keep checking oh right and I'm in the
zone
nice auto so I mean I'm in the auto zone
rich I've killed two people
this runs you're not in the health sown
huh you're not in the health sauna oh
wait did I get a bandage no I am NOT in
the health own yeah so now we could use
a bandage or else I'm gonna have to
sneak up on everybody like I snuck up on
that person which is just not very
likely so now we you know what we're in
the white zone so we can play it a
little slow play it a little careful do
the skit rich don't change the subject
do the Lucas - Lucas I don't shit
see I saw person nice person over there
um no I'm Jax gonna kind of shoot at
them my gosh there you go
Lucas for the day there's a MADtv skit
where Will Sasso does George Lucas okay
and someone wants you to watch it
because you also do a George Lucas
impression we're in the middle of a
stream I can't watch it right now I
guess I could but I'd be silly pretty
rude
now we know there's a person that away
and I don't think they saw me but they
might have you those houses a second
past yeah there's a second armored that
they didn't pick up but I think it's
more important to keep moving all right
I mean you know I mean like that I'm in
the first zone so I don't have to worry
too much and you don't worry about
people coming from outside of the zone
behind you right of range that's that's
yeah that's what I thought this is this
is my best chance at a ranged weapon
right now where was that fucker going
probably to those houses on the right so
that's way too populated I understand
that and you know he was probably just
heading towards the center of the circle
that's cuz that's what I kind of do
sometimes I mean he would probably like
some kind of cover yeah so you probably
stick over there
so we're going to stay away from the
exciting city yes so you can walk
through the grass yes slowly very slowly
all right all right do you understand
the plan now I think I understand this
game now yes you do the boring thing
just came kind of sucks you want to do
the boring thing because that's what
keeps you alive if I was that guy I
would head towards that house and he
would be watching you walk towards him
right now
Wow but I'm prone that doesn't mean
you're invisible doesn't mean I'm
invisible but you know if you do it like
a quick look like what there's anyone
over there then you don't see him right
that also means that I'm moving very
slowly
ice ham says been stuck on Iceland for a
month now visiting family so many
Vista's honestly but it would be awesome
if you guys set up a prereq f13 co-op
stream with rich jack and edmund
mcmillen
I don't think Edmund please I'll be
honest with you he would probably enjoy
it just as a horror fan but I don't
think he plays and now you know what
what will suck because I'm sure this is
gonna happen I think I'm really slowly
carefully and cautiously make my way
over to this house and I'm gonna open
the door then immediately someone's
gonna shot oh anything I understand that
all right
you want out you want a strap yeah right
in your shotgun and no matter what just
instantly shoot once you open the door
that's already opened yeah someone's
someone was in here someone was
definitely in here but they're gone
salmon approaching wait
or was that well what the car stopping
car stopping didn't you hear that no yep
sounds here
fuck
well someone knows I'm in here close the
door close the fucking door just get in
that corner well they get you shot gun
out and shoot you do it through it with
over here if I'm here they I'm covered
for most of it still Nizam still in the
zone
today in theory throw a grenade in the
window yes yes they can't do they get to
see a throw urk no no they don't I
suppose the last two people can die to
grenade
who died at the same time yeah he knows
you're in there he's probably waiting
for you to exit this is true of course
so this is you know this is supposed to
be the tense moment and it is it's like
you know this is this is classic most
dangerous game cat-and-mouse
remember that dim level where he just
sat outside the door
yep for 20 minutes oh look he threw the
smoke oh he's coming from that way okay
at least we know that so he threw a
smoke grenade don't you look at this
smoke and see if anyone comes out I
don't know I have the advantage right
here I have the advantage you can only
get me from this range right yeah yeah
it's not it's I'm not saying this is
exciting but this is uh I would hope you
didn't this is you know what this is
rich this is tense
come on
and you just went upstairs
fuck
I gotta say anything no don't say
anything
tears footsteps up there yeah
maybe think maybe he thinks that you
driving away get under the stairs nice I
gotta check out my shit now you know
control the environment and here we go
whoa oh this is a nice gun Oh rich oh
that's what he was doing he's trying to
snipe the car Oh Rach we got a snow
fucking I'm but I'm outside of the now
wasn't that a great moment wrench oh
yeah I was fun I only took about two
hours that's it that's part of the tents
man yeah now we gotta know I got a roll
now we got a roll
it's been too long fucking around with
that guy now we got him we got a rock
and roll and I got a bandage job all
right I ever spend 36 cents rich have
you ever played divinity original sin
RPG mixed with turn-based tank
turn-based combat
XCOM oh my god it's a great game the
sequel is coming out a few months keep
up the good streams I have not played it
I've not even really heard of it
honestly um pre ranking my ass says I
almost got in the wreck when I heard
rich heaven say my name
fuck it would have been worth it thanks
guys for all the free entertainment over
the years and thanks Gabe for making my
night as game
thank you for almost getting Steve
Miller into a horrible car accident that
would have ended his life tragically
this role attacks on stairs says after
that excitement Jack is not going to die
yep hey but you know what we got we got
what three kills made it to 28th and I
and I made it the 20th and I felt like I
did something you know Phil you do you
like you did something that's nice
that's you know cuz a lot of times you
will you'll make it to that far without
seeing anybody like well I guess I just
made it yeah but I got well I didn't get
cocky I needed to make it to the white
zone and I stole bandages from that guy
and the blue line was coming and I could
have stopped and used a med kit because
I was very low hell yeah I could have
stopped and used a med kit and I
probably should have but I thought okay
I'll make it past the white line first
then I'll use a med kit flap flap flap
flap ow
oh well that's all right all right this
er will attack son stare says rich why
did Mike get on your case about not
picking Golden Road on the last best of
the worst
and was it as awkward in real life as it
was watching it
golden road the senior driving video I
don't remember anything being that
awkward on the set I don't even remember
what he said in reference to my picking
that movie which one did you pick I
think I'd pick Golan Road okay yeah
because laughing at old people's funny
hmm
you know he was just gonna try yeah yeah
bottom six six seven I didn't hear
myself because the blue line was coming
which would have hurt me more I could
have dropped and healed myself but I
thought I would make it across the white
line but of course there were people
there so I probably should have I wasn't
because I was high off of my victory I
wasn't really paying attention to how
few people were left which you know
usually means how much closer they're
getting to each other and if I would
have been I would heal myself I wasn't
paying attention when willjack to a
three or four player group was chant I
mean you guys won't do that
I the for the problem of that is like
it'll be hard for me to talk to you guys
because you know the microphones are
hooked up but yeah I was high yeah but I
was too high too high do it do it
I have not back star citizen might pick
it up once it's done if it's ever done
there are those games that you just know
after I like this is gonna be in alpha
four right this is gonna be an early
access forever and I think I think there
needs to be four stores like Steam like
I understand that early access is
something that can give a developer the
money that they need to finish the
project but I think there needs to be
some sort of timetable that your early
access status gets
in a way if it's you know like Daisy is
still in early access right and that's
and that's never ever getting finished
mm-hmm so I think like you that you have
to set up a time table or said we're
gonna get out of early access in eight
months and if you don't do that you
either need to file for an extension and
prove that you're still working on the
game or you get removed from early
access and status so everybody's leaving
now I try leaving a little bit later
maybe a head maybe head towards the top
of that mountain
that's gonna be my plan and nothing
where's the mountain there it is
see so now I actually don't want to dive
because I'm trying to make distance why
don't you just let the plane go over
where you want it to go straight down
like you're right over those houses you
could have gone straight down right
there but I want to go to the mountain
all right
well this is why you're not landing
earlier then no no but yeah yeah right
now but the plane was as close to the
mountain as it could be see but that
person got there way before me he's
going up the mountain no he's going at
that place well you're just fucked
you're you're kind of fucked kind of
fucked and you're not even gonna lend
your the house you wanted to land on
gosh darn it rich and they probably a
gun already so I can't use my mad
punching strats so I got a I gotta try
to beat it like while they're looting I
gotta try to climb the mountain without
them seeing me all right none of us says
that's my new plane you guys heard of
streets of rose Rouge or our ROG Yui Yui
is Rome yeah yeah this is streets of
Rome okay I think that I've heard of it
I think you could have some fun playing
that together it's a game oh all right
great not not especially familiar with
I've heard the name that's about as far
as I get
anonymous says to clarify streets of
rogue is an early access but only since
March 2017 I don't I don't have a early
access bias if it's playable and fun I
don't give a shit yeah and you know like
we're to the point now you know I used
to try to stay away from early access
games but like I said we're at a point
now where it's just it doesn't matter
early access means it's released okay we
got a jeep up here oh we got some shit
up here I got a Jeep
hopefully we'll get some guns that other
fuckers gonna be coming up here and no
it
okey-dokey
so light on your feet like a gazelle I
want you damn it choose another gun you
have to reload here accidentally
discover that it's stupid and it's
stupid face totally stupid face oh nice
I'm in the zone too rich whoever landed
right in the middle of the red zone they
just feel so stupid right now that gun
looks good health pack whatever it is I
just picked up that it didn't mean to
cuz I wanted to pick up that health pack
no bullets could use some bullets they
gotta be that way they usually spawn
nearby don't thing right
apparently not look around Jack I'm
looking well grenade
we could use some bullets for that nice
gun I just got oh maybe they're over
here these it no those are 12-gauge
bullets that too oh thanks oh yeah those
are 12-gauge bullets unless this takes
wait is this an automatic shotgun yes it
is awesome
awesome
are you are you where are you
you have a car you have a Jeep you can
drive over the drop dropped it already I
think can you see it this guy no you
know what we're in a pretty good
position right now I have the Jeep for
when when going when the going gets
tough but I'm actually really like in
our position right now there's not a lot
of people over here because I had to fly
so far away feeling pretty good about
this or if it picks that shotgun off of
Jack's body is going to be stoked yep
that's fine
once your guy's opinion on pub G making
you pay for cosmetics with only money
and with RNG chances of duplicates while
still an early access I I heard about
that and apparently the big controversy
because you know like that's a lot of
games you know pay for cosmetic
differences apparently though the
developers did say they weren't going to
do that until they were out of early
access but this you know you need to be
prepared that this is just a game that
will forever be in early access all
right so good effective range yeah well
thank you taking range over power range
over power distance rich it's all about
distance right all right that's what you
got the close-up weapon so exactly so
right now I'm choosing distance which if
I'm paying money for something I don't
want it to be a random drop that could
be a duplicate that's complete horseshit
if I'm paying money for something you
know that's how a lot of games work it
that's how a lot of games work it and
you know for me as long as it doesn't
drastically change the gameplay or as
long as it doesn't change the gameplay
like if you if there
a pay2win elements like you can pay to
have the good I have you know if you can
pay to have the good gun then fuck that
the AKM is possibly the worst a are good
then I don't have it I have the m16a4
and that the opposite of real life I
think it's just a reliable gun the ak-47
I think that's why everybody uses it
just because it's very reliable gun what
the fuck I don't know but I'm running I
was looking at my map did somebody throw
a grenade up but you may I believe
someone threw a grenade up at me Oh give
that Jamie to drive the fuck away
because I'm in the zone I don't need to
I want to stay by that Jeep because I
think someone else is a target alright
alright
the vehicle is a target on your back
the fuck was that
you could drop the a K in mud and it'll
keep working which in an actual combat
zone it's probably something to consider
absolutely
like the a K and the Glock the
nine-millimeter Glock is another one
that like for fun people like like throw
it in buckets of salt to try to rust it
and then and then you know like a quick
clean and it's still firing perfectly
the a K the the Glock I look like the
Glock hand 9-millimeter handgun Glock I
might just hang out here and see who
tries to steal that that truck cuz I got
a pretty good vibe all right I know this
isn't very exciting for anybody I'd love
a little more back protection but I
won't you know what I wonder I wonder
you know that present dropped that the
airplane did yeah I wonder if it blows
up if nobody gets it that seems weird
where else did that explosion comfort I
don't fucking know what do you want from
me
what do you want from me I'm just I'm
just postulating I'm just I'm thinking
out loud man
epic Jason X 9000 says Jack I pick Jason
in a previous stream you mentioned about
wanting to see a Metroid film
yeah well a DI Schenker Netflix
Castlevania recently expressed interest
in making a dark and gritty Metroid
anime series I don't necessarily want
that I don't know why not that huh
why not that doesn't have to be dark and
gritty does it have to be an anime
series this does Metra is metroid
typically light and cheerful whoa dark
and gritty seems to fit like the
property I guess I've always thought of
it more as an adventure yeah but you
know it's a creature that sucks the life
or life force out of you until you die
oh you know I guess like that's a it's a
route you could go
so there's probably okay so because like
I'm looking at this part of the map
right probably not too many people went
up there from the airplane and so really
I'm concerned about covering this area
where when it's time to shrink the map
you got that car got that car and it's
I'm shrink that map and there we go well
and you know I have the high ground
which I really enjoy
well you don't anymore suck it the games
decided the circles closing nothing
there was anybody up here anyway right
well oh no but even now like when I go
down I got the high ground
shit shit somebody else had your idea
Jack okay just take the car and run them
over good alright I've run behind these
racks
but no it's really easy to get shot in
the car that's why you just wait for him
to take the car shoot him
good because I don't want to die
you healing items
yeah
I think you're gonna have to wait it out
the blue area for a bit that's fine
I can be patient
I can be patient I'm much closer never
use med kit unless super low on health
oh wow too late motherfucker does it
really matter at this point someone's
gonna kill me probably proud too now I'm
just gonna scoot away then you can come
Chase me
grenade the car out of spite oh you know
what that was a good idea it's not too
late huh it's not too late yeah moving
on that fucker can fuck himself
I'm moving on rich we're gonna go to
this little area down here see if
there's anybody play down here
oh oh wait I was in the zone you know
you just entered it but I was I wasn't
wait up top now you weren't down the
hill yeah somebody's posting links to
mud test between the a K and an ar-15
which I can't click on right now we're
in the middle of a stream but mud test
meat that kind of stuffs fun just when
something is engineered and built so
well that it can be muddy and rusty and
then you just give it a quick dust off
and it still works I love that what's
that piece of clothes got a bike know
where that thing next to that farm is it
just a tractor piece of junk
probably someone over here right spoiler
alert the a K failed oh well the ar-15
that's the new that's the new fan
favorite yeah in the gun community the
ar-15 have they gotten a better grasp at
the game that's still boring oh no it
still suck you know me ii had games it's
still frustrating and unsatisfying i'm
sorry
that's that's okay right yeah I'm rich
you do not have to like it
I don't you and you don't have to no one
is going to force you to like this game
you can just you can just chill out man
that's one that's what I'm doing that's
right you know what or not like I
haven't been to play I haven't got I
haven't been here past couple days I
have in place I'm just gonna we're just
gonna play plenty of plenty of down time
to talk which is a perfect so it's a
perfect streaming game plenty of
downtime to talk I am sure someone has
holed up over here or over here like
Friday the 13th without the fun bits
well you know but Friday the 13th I
think has no downtime so you know you
can't have any conversation this has
plenty of downtime I'm sure someone is
in this area right here and now I bet
that guy's trying to jump down here the
guy who was up there fighting me so
he'll probably be jumping down any
moment and hopefully I can catch him
off-guard then we'll see where the next
circle drops he's just gonna get in that
car and drive wider it's possible I dare
say it's likely Jack it's likely daresay
only one Gately says have either of you
seen a shitty movie called mister hush
mister hush it's best of the worst
material the antagonist is played by a
guy who's only ever done stunt work and
boy does it show Steve knows we have not
seen it mister hush
can you put on that cap I could their
teacher time-turner backwards yeah I
don't believe I can turn it backwards
now all that's bullshit fuck we've been
down this road before jumping down
mountains jumping down mountains rich
first mister hush any kind of avoid
watching things we might watch him best
of the worst unless we're actually
filming the best of the worst that's
that's the rough part we cuz we've been
burnt right like there have been times
where we have decided to watch a bad
movie just as a group and not film it
and it's turned out to be the greatest
fucking bad movie of all fucking time
one of them led to an upcoming spotlight
episode yep
we've regretted not filming our
reactions to that one that wasn't that
up coming up coming that was the thing
you know we jet we we we watched it
because we're a group of friends who get
together to watch bad movies and I
regret that so much I just thought it
would be fun
fucking help where are you must be
partners no not this one not this one
I'm talking about Oh guys maybe right
right right
is there somebody walking down there by
the tower I may have just seen a pixel
move well it's it's we're getting close
like we got to be real careful now
we got somebody's doing something and
I'm way out in the open but I'm I'm
gonna hunker down by those rocks that's
my plan here and survey the area cuz I'm
fuckin close enough we're down to the
last 30 oh yes I see him I see him I was
not wrong then he's right like right in
front of me he's gettin around what's
your range like on that should we find
out
some hit me though what's that fucker
from up there I bet nope nobody who's on
that side of the rocker nope you should
do reaction reenactments with rich and
Mike Oh that'd be really funny like if
we liked it reaction reenactment hmm
then here's the thing that would work
exactly once like we could do that as a
joke yeah yeah the bud but there's no no
it's not the same yeah I'm sorry I'm
sorry
there's no recreating wait wait until
you guys see this I'm a little upset
that I was not invited to be part of
that discussion for that particular
movie but hey I'm just excited I'm super
excited for people to know about it I
can't even tell you we can't even give
you a hint are you not notified huh I
was not notified very good
I was not notified about that I saw I'm
a little upset about that I have already
voiced my grievance and they know that I
have to be there for partners I've
already told them that I will not accept
not being there for that movie but and
here's the thing you you guys can guess
what bad movie all day long and you will
never fucking find it no one has heard
it yeah yeah nobody has heard of this
movie nobody has heard of this movie and
I can't wait for you to for you two guys
to find it I can't wait it's gonna great
it's gonna be great
now you're the feeling they're gonna
edit and put the one we just shot up
first I mean there's so many that have
been shot now there's there's a back
catalogue not really the best the worst
right because you guys do this too is
there only two yeah little one went up
the new wheel that was the only other
event and then the one we're talking
about the one we filmed the other day Oh
mmm
I think there's a review in the back
pocket
we still have weed that we did yeah I
don't I think they might have forgotten
about that Janos I turned him out oh
yeah yeah got around to it well yeah
other stuff to do yeah other stuff to do
alright one more match one more match
there's another one that you weren't a
part of that I was a part of how things
never to see the light of day oh yeah
yeah a best of the world no review I
think it's never gonna see the light of
day really I think it's probably just
too boring
all right um where we at here Johnny
gadfly says hi rich I picked up fight at
the 13th on my very first time as Jason
killed six of seven nice I have no doubt
that my success was due to your Mad
Jason's strats here's some cash by way
of a thank you thank you thank you very
much you're welcome
babies kids I remember that movie I
can't tell you what I remember about it
but I remember it so this is it I'm
diving as straight down as I can I'm
looking down I'm pressing forward I'm
diving as fast as humanly fucking
possible and I hit the exit plane as
soon as I could
if there's anyone before me then there's
nothing more I can do get in this house
though we're gonna float over to the
house huh somebody up ahead of you I saw
that well no they're over by the UH
they're not that far away they might
head towards the farmhouse find a weapon
and ready your ass well of course that's
just what you do rich fuck no gun oh my
god your first house was just as awful
as a dud I think they're over by the
power plant though there's somewhere in
between
Jesus effing Christ Ridge there we go
there we go for a second I was thinking
maybe the game like aired and it didn't
load any guns
you have an entire match from nobody had
weapons that would be hilarious
brick niggers is Jack how about a dream
daddy a dad dating simulator next as an
experienced dad you might be able to get
more action than pub then in pub I am
just dying out here waiting for
something to happen I mean that's the
game man that's not even dad that's not
an excuse that's a description a dream
dad date simulator I don't know what
that is I don't know what that is
so maybe ok anonymous says the McConnel
turtle wants you to die ok
Trixie and 120 says Jack and rich
thoughts and Bill and Ted one and two
and thoughts on Bill and Ted three can I
was saying the script is complete now
also please consider playing hotline
miami one or two again thanks Bill and
Ted wanted to our great yeah I need to
hear more about a potential third one
could be fun
I don't know much I don't know much and
that may be hot hot need to know Bill
and Ted too is better yeah I said it you
might be right soup you know what I do
Chris 34 I think they both have their
merits and I think a similar might be
better though yeah I'm not disagreeing
I'm just saying they both got their they
both got their own thing going
already you barely just landed it's
already doing this shit well I have
three and a half minutes but I am NOT
near is that a person standing out in
that field right it looks like it but
it's probably a tree they're not moving
yeah I probably check on the river Tory
I think I'm kidding
I do well no I don't think you're
kidding but I do think that's just a
tree okay here's a car
you're gonna hit shot huh maybe you're
not gonna get shot I'm just gonna check
this house that front door open no the
other door
yeah the other front door no this house
doesn't seem to be looted already well
maybe now who's shotgun choke what I
can't put that on my Ottawa shotgun fuck
I'm sorry fuck man I'm sorry should be
should be you know why it's your fault
how do you have a level-two backpack
I said please consider hotline Miami
again you're a huge fan of hotline Miami
right oh yeah I played the fuck out of
hotline Miami one and then we played
hotline Miami - and I wasn't necessarily
feeling it but you know I really like
that lime I am I won I we are gonna take
this car and we are gonna move there's
one huh the street the one street far
right down the street somebody just ran
over yeah oh I see them
came close came close came close I can't
cross that thing could not turn well at
high speeds okay you need to reload I
know I just didn't know fast enough what
happened
he moved ie ie moves and I wasn't
prepared for him to move and so I missed
and I miss the whole three seconds of
gameplay yep hahahahaha exciting three
seconds of gameplay I said you should
have kept driving when she missed him
the first time oh maybe now that would
have been smart but he could have still
shot me in the car I thought it might be
smarter to try to hit him but then it
wasn't turning and and by the way if you
jump out and you're going really fast it
hurts you if you jump out of the car and
yeah I was moving really fast it hurts
you oh my God why do you slow down a
little bit and I know he hit me but I
had the shotgun so then I wanted to get
close
Jack seems to be content playing this I
like this you know I like that uh you
know I'll give it one more game well
we'll figure out what something else to
play you do you you want to keep playing
this how I'm sure I do not give a shit
jack
you're having fun that's fine you know
what you first thank you playing that's
fine so what else what else are we going
to do I mean it's also been a while
since I've played Friday the 13th that
could be fun
or we could try the Mega Man Thing even
though you know I'm not the biggest Mega
Man fan like I enjoy Mega Man III
wouldn't want to do Friday the 13th um
unless we had two computers again oh
sure don't be the kill so now I'm not
diving as fast as I can because I want
to make it to that building over there
because I know that up on the roofs of
those buildings are stuff usually and so
I'm going to try to make it over there
so now I'm not diving as fast as I can
because it's important that I make it to
those roofs
you know like there's some good shit up
there and some decent vantage points so
oh this could be perfect angle it Adam
and Calgary a says hi guys first time
twitcher been following our limb since
Mike's Fenton medicine video Purex
pretty sweet too here's to Yankee
American dollars to talk about Canada
well I think of a question ken is fine
we like we like them Canadians Canada is
a nice place to flee to if things ever
get too bad over here if I had a gun yes
I know but you don't do you nope so I'm
just gonna let him pick up the stuff and
leave
but I have a sly have a slight advantage
because I know he's there and he doesn't
know I'm here so I have a slight
advantage for the eyes they fed him
Dorsch
huh he'll come out the bottom right
gas masks Thanks
Oh a 4-time scope for my rifle that's
pretty nice he's in here somewhere you
know he still on her
well he's cuz usually you loot she'd
have waited on the roof and got him lady
was running out the building but there's
no guaranteeing which way he would run
out I know probably towards the center
of the circle right you'd assume there's
no way I'm being proactive I'm being a
proactive murderer okay thank God okay
I'm attempting to be a proactive
murderer I'm fairly certain yonder
yonder says speaking of hotline Miami -
did you guys notice the hotline my
hotline Miami 2 soundtrack song in the
face of evil by magic sword in the
trailer if you want to play it the song
starts at the 24 second mark I did not
notice any particular song which the
hotline Miami 2 trailer
I enjoyed the soundtrack to both the
hotline Miami is really good what are
you called synth wave oh shit oh god
damn it that's the one problem that's
the one problem of the zoom in thing I
just wanted to have soo-min and I got
damn it and then I went to full zoom in
and I had that nice four time Zune which
would have really helped me out if I was
far away from someone as it turns out if
you're really close to some of the four
times room doesn't do that good and so I
I just wanted to you know focus my
gunshot and I hit the thing and fucked
me if fucked me you see that and did you
see me go full scope mmm now we got to
do one more never go full zoom exactly
minor stasis all the times to zoom that
was the time you least wanted to zoom I
know that you want that zoom would have
been great
if you're like waiting for him on the
roof as he ran out the bottom no but
remember do you remember that guy who
was just waiting on the roof and I hit
him with the crossbow because here's his
way that's true that's true so you can't
do that either
yeah oh that was terrible that was
terrible
my twitch app fucked up so I missed it
well what happened was a guy came out of
a door and didn't see me so I was
sneaking up on him and he was checking
his rear and I could have I could have
gotten some quick shots on him but I
clicked instead of clicking the half
zoom I clicked the full zoom and I just
put on the 4x zoom scope so I was just
looking at a wall and I died and
everything everybody in there it's all
terrible everything's terrible and I'm
bad at the game it's ok see but in
cephalo pathetic says i have to thank
you for streaming this game to confirm
to me that I never ever want to play it
so you know like that's part of our job
here anonymous says please please play
mega maker okay none of a sense rich
well Jack plays can you tell us a story
where is the rayman 3 player stream with
karen we never played rayman with karen
no it's starting to feel like my opinion
don't carry so much weight with you guys
you guys are the best oh but what kind
of story do you want to hear there once
was three bears and a horrible horrible
spoiled white girl raided their house
and ate their porridge and broke their
chair and yeah all kinds of horrible
things that's the way the world works
and get away with anything if you're
rich it's a great story rich
it's a great story moral of the story is
how the fuck's a bear on a house right
never actually been over here before
dive into the water jack make it easy on
yourself Oh like kill myself I get it
oh nice oh no wait there's a little
fence here no right at the front door
pretty reckon my ass is rich have you
ever played the old Star Trek bridge
commander it's a Star Trek simulator on
the PC that is considered one of the
best Trek games out there I enjoy it
especially the maximum warp edition I've
not played it
jack is fully absorbed into this game I
am it gets me it gets me man I'm into it
every once in a while man I'll tell you
what I am into it I gave it I gave it or
not a shot I did yeah no and I get it
it's not for everybody it's not for it
you have to be able to your your
bullshit tolerance level has to be
maximum it's very low for me all right
and that's what I'm saying we're it's
like if your bullshit tolerance level is
not set to maximum you're gonna have a
bad time because there is and everyone
who plays this game knows there's a
tremendous amount of bullshit that goes
along with this game but I think the
good outweighs it he plays with two
mouths I have a little nunchuck here
that's my WASD it's not to Mouse it's
it's just a nunchuck it's it's a it's
basically half of a controller that I'm
playing with and like my run jump map
inventory are all mapped to rich can
tolerate Friday the 13th but not this
yep because they're the exact same game
right right see in Friday the 13th you
have a plan you act out the plan you you
have tense moments and this you wander
around for a few minutes then you get
shot in the back and die in one or two
hits they're nothing alike
no they're nothing like SCO's although
haven't planned to what you never did
maybe the plan is to run from with a
blue line because you can't activate a
plan unless you were lucky enough to
spawn in the circle area fuck off this
game shit this game is garbage cheap
garbage why respectfully disagree jacket
through the bonebridge just about
learning some part for you can't make a
plan
take that atheist to dead rich I just
saw like I'm moving in a corner I was
like what are you doing
what do you pantomiming over there cuz I
am into it I am sorry that I think
Friday the 13th is way more fun and you
disagree with me I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry that when I play Friday the 13th I
think oh that was a fun chase weather I
got out or not and then when I play this
III think oh that was bullshit
that's Ferris you can you can think
whatever you want to think
notice how we didn't actually refute my
what is there to refute I don't enjoy
this
that's my refusal that's my refute oh
yes that's a word that's my refusal
that's a super word man and I was for a
bottle what were futile sounds futile
was great no we're feat all was great I
head over to that house over there I'm
gonna swim there
I don't enjoy being shot in the back
yeah I don't enjoy being sniped as I'm
trying to cross a few I don't enjoy that
that's fair rich that's totally fair
yeah yeah no like it should be anyone
who enjoys playing this game and I enjoy
playing this game
anyone who pardon me I was that was a
burp that never happened
anyone who enjoys playing this game
should completely understand why anyone
wouldn't there are many bullshit moments
to this game but I think the good
outweighs the bad I don't know how much
mileage I'm gonna get out of it I'll
tell you that but hey that's right daddy
slick dick says just stop having
opinions rich god it's not like they
watch this show to hear your opinions is
that a boat can I Drive a boat because I
want to drive a boat now I think I can
drive a boat rich and I think I'm gonna
go drive that boat right there
he can have his opinions but saying
there is no plan or strategies sadly
when did I say that
specifically you said that to make fun
of someone but yeah you didn't you
didn't assert that well you you I've
helped you come up with plans and
strategies during this that doesn't
change the fact that I don't enjoy it
you insinuated yeah well you never said
that you there were no plans and
strategy you said what you and Jill you
said do you enjoyed Friday 13th and
didn't enjoy this and then you said
because in Friday the 13th okay so you
ain't got sin you waited that there were
no plan making in this is I'm sure oh it
seems like this your plans always come
to naught though you always end up shot
in the back after somebody gets the drop
on you yeah at some point or sniper
running to the zone there's little brief
moments of strategizing yeah like that
in the building where I said hide under
the stairs he's gonna come out yeah
they're shut like that but it's it's so
far and few in between the the bullshit
yeah the pure bullshit and you don't
care you've got a boat I got a boat I've
never driven a boat before this is great
and I can agree in season like to me a
lot of that is a positive because this
game you know like you come up with a
plan like okay my even even a simple
plan like I'm gonna go to that rock you
know and it's constantly interrupted by
other shit happening and so I what I
like about the game is that it keeps you
on your toes and that also can lead to a
lot of bullshit moments but hey such is
life I don't enjoy quick death you're
done sure oh yeah I don't enjoy that I'm
sorry and what do you want I want you to
enjoy the things you like rich that's
all I want and more and also I want you
to tell me when you think a game is
bullshit because it leads to interesting
conversations you're dead oh I hate that
I'm sorry that's fine and I get it no
need to apologize I'm just like is it
wrong that I just I'm gonna
on this boat and hope that no one
bothers me let's check out the mad
strats that this game has to offer if I
just stay here as long as I'm within the
line like will anyone even notice I'm on
the boat if you want to do that and just
have a conversation for a bit right this
is my new strategy I'm just gonna hang
on the boat and hope no one sees me just
because like the circles probably gonna
stay within the water for a while I'll
just look around see if anyone's
swimming to us I can't shoot anyone
while I'm on the boat can rich see no
appeal to this game if I saw no appeal
of this I wouldn't have given it a
second shot yeah you just you just think
that the bad outweighs any good that
there would be in it yeah yeah right no
and that's fair that's fair ones in a
car over there doo-doo-doo ma-na-ma-na
doo-doo doo-doo doo-doo hanging out in a
boat we're just giving it a shot by
watching someone else play it this is
the third time this game has been
streamed I've played this two streams
you played it on the first time we
played so little owed a bit yeah and now
I'm just playing today cuz you know I
felt like planet I have it I haven't had
my computer with me on my road trip
obviously why would you take a big
desktop computer with you on a road trip
yeah I haven't gotten much chance to
play so I wanted to play they're saying
dude you're going to get headshot now
jack is taking a calculated risk that
people just won't even notice the boat
if I was moving like if a lot of people
saw me take the boat right then maybe
and you know what they might like they
might just look at the boat but I'm
pretty far away from land and I'm gonna
say that other people are gonna be more
concerned with other stuff and I have a
helmet on
so and this this is what what is called
a test this is I'm testing out I'm
testing out what happens if you just
hang out in the water you know you know
what I'm this is this is a what do you
cut what he call when you do something
that's kind of that's cheap what do you
call that cheese
I'm cheese in it a little bit exploit
I'm cheese in it like look look I'm
still in the center of the map all right
all right this is cheese like and I'm
testing out it's cheese tolerance level
obviously like the way the map shrinks
is all randomly you're gonna be just
fucked if it doesn't shrink anywhere
near a boat when it's small if they're
gonna see you anyway right there's no
way this is a winning strategy no but is
it a strategy to kill some time while
other people get killed
and I have some decent guns and look
like I'm kind of right in the center
here if if the strategy you would want
to enact in this game is to just sit and
let everyone else kill each other yeah
maybe it should be a smaller map and
fewer players hmm in the first place
that's why I want to do this test that's
what I want to do this cheese test
because if this amount of cheese is
possible that's that might be some bad
gameplay design
but I'm a testing
doo-doo-doo and you know like obviously
like a bomb area could pop up in here at
any moment it's over there right now
she's in it up I say go a little bit
forward if you want to be further from
land are you are you just fine where you
are now I mean no I don't want to run
the engine right now okay because as
soon as you run the engine someone's
gonna notice I'm driving it and that's
when they're gonna start shooting him
okay
and so my full cheese strategy is just
to hang out here and hope no one notices
the boat oh oh em gee this might work I
know what do you think about your
precious game if a strategy like this
works and obviously like the the way the
the map shrinks is randomized so like
this probably doesn't come up too often
that's like a person running or
something over there number-one rule on
multiplayer is never stands still yep
that's true yet Here I am
kind of winning unless you're camping
huh unless you're camping could this be
considered a camp no is URI can't you
can't shoot a people from the boat can
you no no no I cannot use my gun No so
this is not a campus no what would you
call this jeez I'm just waiting killing
time right douching which is by the way
this in a situation like this if the map
never shrunk like if this were real life
this would be my strategies just try to
try to hide it out I'm saying is it
possible to go prone in the boat nope
and I can't crouch in the boat either
and camera just saying you can shoot
from a boat not with my shotgun as I'm
trying to okay and let's say I have to
like maybe oh maybe I can shoot if I'm
not in the driver seat
how do I change seats maybe you can't
they said all there's a way to do it but
I don't have it bound to anything
because I've never like been driving or
anything but you know what look the maps
shrinking and I'm stealing here's the
thing though I like this game it's got
some issues this might be one of my hair
the own is the only winning move is not
to play okay AB 78 says Jack yeah
now the Close Encounters of the Third
Kind is being released in 4k I saw that
that looked great in theaters everywhere
I'm super gonna go see that I love Close
Encounters and he plans taking the
family oh it's kind of boring I love it
kind of boring
maybe Kevin likes that but she might
want to see it it's probably gonna be
better than ready player one Oh what
happened to Spielberg he got old mme cuz
a lot of Spielberg is just capturing
like the wonderment of childhood and now
he's an old fucking man does he lost the
ability to see the small little moments
the heartwarming moments that made
Spielberg Spielberg and yeah I think he
absolutely has he's an old millionaire
he no longer has those like families
small family roots why I have a moment
when a man is sculpting mashed potatoes
when you can just shove the Iron Giant
the DeLorean the Jurassic Park to Freddy
Krueger on the screen exactly
do-do-do-do-do-do Jax's childhood
moments I just say little personal
moments in the midst of a larger epic
story and I guess like I was thinking et
you got like et is full of small just
bring up Schindler's List which small
person
it's or even even Close Encounters it's
just a look by the way still on the map
now it's getting to the point where I
will eventually like in two minutes I
will have to do something unless it's
utters again near you
someone's gonna notice me right swims
out time to get to the boat
can you run them over in the water
absolutely with the boat I hope so
because I plan on it
I shoot because I should be able to see
them swimming but also there's only 26
of them left mad boat strats right here
mad boat strats dairy farmer you say
that exactly when I say too mad boat
strats like someone's gotta notice me
but no I mean not really because you
know what when I play I disregard the
water the water is an obstacle it's not
you know yeah so I'm sure that's what
most other people do too is just you
know who cares about the water 26 alive
oh no I was gonna go back to Spielberg
oh yeah I'm gonna finish that thought
then well you know just eventually an
artist grows so much right like you know
I'm sure Spielberg like didn't grow up a
billionaire right he grew up in small
suburban neighborhoods and wanted to
tell those stories but now you're asking
an artist to tell the same stories even
though his life has changed and he's
pretty still a fantastic director but we
just can't expect the same from him you
know and he's gonna start making garbage
I hear the warhorse is pretty good
though you see no it's a movie about a
horse that goes to war it's supposed to
be pretty it's supposed to be Spielberg
it sounds like a movie about a Kentucky
Derby winner Warhol
well I say well I say turbo Jesus 5000
says yep hi guys their house junk looks
pretty good you guys were in charge of
making an if you guys were in charge of
making a new Indiana Jones game what
kind of game would it be and what
features would it have a new Indiana
Jones game uh you know I don't know how
well Indiana Jones would even translate
into a game but I would probably make it
like a point-and-click like a puzzle
solving game I've done that I know
they've done them if if they said you
can make any style you want I would try
to make it a like a figure something out
game you know I think that makes most
sense to the Indiana Jones Canon I think
most people think of Indiana Jones is an
action thing but you know it's also
about a dude who figure stuff out how
old you translate something like the the
fucking convoy chase and Raiders of the
Lost Ark into gameplay right he's climb
it under a car how do you translate that
to gameplay you don't is that is it
would be my thing is is you turn you you
make the game all about puzzles and
figuring stuff out and you got a you got
to find this book and read it and you
know read the thing in this book to
figure out the next thing that's what I
would do the action stuff is fun because
it's yeah it's adventure not action he
doesn't run around and just shoot people
really right right
uncharted uncharted is barely a game so
no I wouldn't make that it would be
boring at that point you just make
another Indiana Jones movie right all
right now I have two minutes and his
blue stuff is gonna is gonna suck in on
you but I can get to this little area of
the map you kind of have to at this
point don't you
that's um also a boat yep you have a
friend or the boat get pushed by the
wall
oh maybe well shit I got a fight now do
you or can I just hang out here pull it
up on shore like you you drove the boat
in Shore and then just got out and ran
away oh my god were you drunk yeah
shooting at me
I won't drown right here was someone
shit
oh oh okay there's some people
so there's probably someone right over
there right probably by the barn I just
make it way up to the hill and I know
what you don't have anything for range
do you just got a shotgun just got a
shotgun no you know what my man strats
by the way has made it to the final 16
yeah so you know it's pretty good how
much does a rink like what's the minimum
oh I'm just gonna get down to it right
now I'll tell you what but I'm just
gonna hang on this water
you've got your strap well I wanna may
as well play it out what I'm going for
here for anyone curious I'm going for
maximum cheese final final 14 that was
great so yeah that's what I was kind of
going for is I just wanted to see how
far I could take the cheese and I think
that's like the best I've ever done in
the game is just hanging out on the boat
strategy it's an intense it's like a
it's like a chess match were you you
have to use all of your wits tactics and
you could sit in the boat for 15 minutes
I mean either way whatever you just get
shot in the head and died that was some
mad G strats
you're welcome everybody you're welcome
oh that's great
that's great what's our up time looking
like how long have blame this mad mad
stress bilwa heck is's speaking of ready
player one yeah the choices to include
all the pop-culture shit is
Spielberg that's in the book by Ernest
Cline right that's true that's what we
know that Pro is the literature
equivalent of rogue one Oh ready our PO
not not pro ready player any I want you
is the literature equivalent of rogue
one I know what that is yeah but then
again Spielberg did choose to direct
this a man could probably direct
whatever the fuck he wants
oh sure and and it's like I'm sure
technically speaking it is going to be a
competent movie mm-hmm but at the same
time it's also going to be a movie that
shoves in as many pop-culture references
it can and whether or not they're trying
to say something about pop-culture
references like maybe that's the point
maybe the point of the book is that
pop-culture references are bad and so
we're gonna shove all of them in so you
hate them and that's gonna be the maybe
that's the point
yeah maybe or maybe it just sucks and
the pop-culture references are just pop
cultural references we don't know don't
take that Jack you were streamed sniped
one of the players in this game knew
they were playing with you and that you
were streaming Aaron I don't know
Aaron is that likely know that like the
area was small enough and and if the
other boat that was there there was a
box floating by that so they were just
watching for both Shores and they
finally saw me I've actually never just
hung out and let a match line down so
I'm gonna do that there's only nine
players left
can you watch other complain I don't
think you can just spectating I wonder
that's awful
all right that'd be nice but I guess
that's what streaming is for unless I
mean there might be a button aspecting I
don't know the book is pandering garbage
that from the very little I've read of
it quickly yes it looks like it's
pandering garbage but like have you ever
read American Psycho no American Psycho
is is kind of a hard read because you
know our protagonist is hyper in tuned
to all of the tiny products
around his life and the products are
what he draws value from okay and so
like an entire three paragraphs are
dedicated to how he shaves his face and
he talks about the razor and he talks
about his aftershave and he talks about
the care that he puts but it's all very
methodical because that's how obsessed
he is with the things around him and his
personal appearance yeah and so like
it's it's a lot of product placement and
it's a lot of talking about things but
it's it's very purposeful and so having
not read ready player one I will give it
the benefit of the doubt and say it's
possible that all of the pop-culture
references are meant to say something
about how we deal with pop culture yeah
I'm not saying it is I'm just saying you
know like I've only read snippets of it
right I wouldn't call it a great book
but it's an it's entertaining and that's
the they I guess that's all I'm saying
is is it's possible that it serves a
greater purpose than just pop culture
references everyone's saying nope nope
Jack nope Ernest Cline isn't that clever
all I know is like on Twitter people
have been posting like just a page here
and a page there and I've read those
yeah I seem fucking awful and tedious
but I'm not gonna judge an entire book
based on a cup of baby yeah so I guess
that's something no he's not I see
everybody in chat it's saying no no we
love in a post Family Guy world we we
know we know that references can
constitute product yep no I said a
reference that's the joke I said a
reference that's what I did that's
content mm-hmm
let me talk about this we're not even
talk about it let me just say Star Wars
another kool-aid man oh he burst through
the wall five live rich five alive I
just don't know what I like do I just
get kicked back to the lobby or you know
like what happens when it's over I don't
know do I get anything extra for
sticking around this whole time
oh we're gonna find out I like the look
of it ready player one before he goes
into VR world I love his little the the
stack of like tray mobile home yeah yeah
that's a neat world but then of course
they leave that world immediately and go
to reference planet but I like I like
the the post post apocalypse like it
looks like the real world and the
internal computer world are both gonna
be cluttered visual messes right I mean
I still work contrasts sure sure
like it like the real world's a
cluttered visual mess if we go to the
computer world
well the other or the other way around
this is this grey plain looking large
building is what you live in oh sure
then you go to the fancy where there
look at that space and things flying
around and that's that sounds pretty
clever you go from the cluttered world
into the clutter world maybe it's a
statement rich maybe it's a statement
done nope no I know
yeah everyone's gonna say no this stream
should be called everyone as miserable
and Jack is having fun yes that's a
that's life that's right um
optimistic rich is super cynical yeah
and we got a stream I couldn't think of
something wrong with coal one time but
that would be the theme song Jackie's
optimistic and rich is supersanic coal
suckers like cynic and optimistic kind
of rhyme and then you put the coal and
dudududu did did you do owl and that's
how the theme song would go miss rub
together they're both miserable there
you go which is super cynical or cynical
put them in the same room and they both
are pretty miserable there we go
jack is optimistic rich is super cynical
but
them in room together everyone is
miserable and then but then the show
would have to be called miserable you
know and it's not make him something I
can't make him stop he couldn't make me
stop if he tried
what's he gonna do Oh someone one why
doesn't match need to take 33 seconds
the end ones everyone but one person is
dead right what's the fucking wait I
don't know Jay frisk - says hey Jack
hi did you see the report that jared
leto was in talks to play bloodshot in
the bloodshot movie SI pro bloodshot
cosplayer this hurts my soul as it
should by the way because I've seen your
bloodshot cosplay and bloodshot is like
a large Asian dude right and he's super
jacked and white and he's gotten Jared
Leto is not right person and so he's
like Jared Leto playing bloodshot as
he's gonna do another weirdo
interpretation of someone's favorite
character a bloodshot movie I've read a
couple issues but you know whoever that
cosplayer is sent me okay cake by match
end I broke it
okay what the fuck is bloodshot it's an
old-timey comic-book character I think
it's part of the valiant revival what's
going on he's part of the Valiants comic
book universe and and basically all he
is is like a jacked-up assassin yeah
he's like a super assassin he might have
cyborg ish properties I don't know the
full story cuz I've just read an issue
here there is he's got a red dot on his
chest he's all he's that's the blood
spot he's all white and also looks like
Japanese flag they're doing a thing by
the way I can't just like go there and
like a bloodshot movie is the easiest
movie to make it's because it's just an
action movie yeah and paint a guy white
boom like that's all you need to do is
make you know an action movie and and
they're gonna they're gonna fuck it up
rich
I like valve alley it's putting out some
good stuff I really enjoy a harbinger
I've been reading a lot of faith which
is an offshoot of Harbinger I remember
valiant actually tried back in the day
when all of comics were stupid in the
90s when when Rob Liefeld was just
pumping out junk month after month and
raking in millions of dollars Jim
shooter at valiant was actually trying
until he got Austin from the company I
think they have some good characters I
read Archer and Armstrong iíve read
Valiant Comics and I enjoy them I don't
read blood-shod because I'm not super
into characters like that but I have a
lot of respect for Jim shooter yeah that
man was a great editor-in-chief he gets
outed a lot yes he does he's obviously
not a good people person and he's not a
good he's not necessarily a good
businessman he might be a good
storyteller but he's not a good
businessman you know he wrote his first
comic book issue when he was 13 that
true yeah yeah he had written like an
issue or two of Legion of super-heroes
yeah this whole gimmick where he
introduced in the day when they didn't
kill heroes very often he introduced the
character just to kill him off for drama
and it worked
yeah bloodshot is pretty much Punisher
meets Deadpool he'll
factor and is incredibly depressed most
of the time Jared Leto cannot play
bloodshot right right you know buddy he
might and he'll turn it into a weird
artistic interpretation of the character
and fans will hate it and moviegoers
will hate it because it's a weirdo thing
and everyone will hate it but Jared Leto
will live to make another movie because
no one fails in Hollywood ever except
for the one guy who made fan for stick
what was his name I've already forgotten
Josh Trank Trank though said yeah Josh
the only person that whatever fails in
Hollywood is josh trank and he's
probably working on him as another movie
already because no one really fails in
Hollywood all right let's do what you
wish went to more of this I do I'm gonna
this is just all night because we've
been that's right we've been already
going for three hours I understand I
need a bathroom break okay I would like
another beverage that is that is on my
to-do list so if you want to for we do
that let me let me just hit that let's
just bang all this last tip that were
caught up great quickly says here's the
deal yeah aside from pandering to gamer
slash geeks ready player one is written
for grandmas who don't know what games
are the main character is Mary Sue who
never grows and acts like a prick all
right see bago so it's gonna be great
it's gonna be a great movie and they can
they can make a toy line out of it cuz
they'll have all the toys in it it'll be
great we'll be back back we haven't you
haven't muted us though they can still
hear us
