Episode 146
Dead Cells ring bells (Part 1)
August 24, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUqsiTeM8l8
___________________________________________

I think we start we had start you know
what that's not always true yeah
sometimes we hit start and we don't okay
so how we how we doin today jack we're
we're doing creator we're doing we're
doing great great this is me I'm putting
on a face for everyone rich so put on a
face just be yourself I'm being a being
a clown like I'm fucking supposed to
you're fucking miserable be fucking
miserable
I am I'm a little miserable today yeah
you know the kind of day I've had jack
no get David built beer on myself what
Karen bought me a new shirt it's kind of
day I've had that fucking bitch
what kind of shirt was it it's a
spider-man shirt oh it's a nice shirt
it's a nice shirt I came home like I got
your shirt you see it it's on the couch
yeah
she bought me a spider-man shirt Jack yo
its todd mcfarlane
oh I had to pretend I liked it yeah cuz
it's fuck it's I'm wearing fucking todd
mcfarlane on my chest
yeah okay you know what and I didn't see
I just noticed the color it's a nice red
color and I like the red and red but I
did not notice the artists I'm sorry
wearing a shirt designed by an overrated
hack with absolutely zero storytelling
capabilities an average at best artist
an average at best artist with minimal
storytelling capabilities absolutely I
is that plugged in it is plugged in
the game doesn't seem to recognize it
how about no great there's gonna be a
short stream I'll tell you what nope
what happened there Oh cuz I bet you're
not on I get it
wait a minute you know you know what's
know I don't really know what's going we
we weren't on the game we weren't
clicked on the game no there's no range
there's no ran to be had I I'm just
we're just having a rough day we're just
having a rough day which is fine because
we're here now and they are we gonna
play some dead cells and it's gonna be
fine everything is going to be fine five
yeah 5 minute stream no like and my
rough day all culminated I was I was all
ready to to ride my bike to the studio
today because I really enjoy riding my
bike well go back to the fold I don't
want to change anything no no
Oh God rich wait if you go to back might
maybe it'll ask you to keep your changes
nope oh god oh god everything's a now
rich oh all right new plan new plan
we're we're gonna do an a run okay
nothing but everything is mapped to the
a input because apparently there's no
way to go back the default controller
schemes I love it rich go do it go new
game let's go let's see what happen is
what happens
little little note two dead cell
developers have a way to get us back to
the default controller layout in case
first of all our everything a run is
going great so far because of course a
is also a month to pause there is no way
to get this back to default there's no
way to get this back why would they do
that
oh I'm sorry everyone nope my store was
I was ready to ride my bike to the
studio and my my my tube it was broken
and I there's no way what if you go to
miscellaneous in a completely different
menu Oh restore default okay okay maybe
maybe oh there we go
so in a completely different menu is
restored default option
something to consider or devis just a
just a heads up we're by the way you're
welcome
that we could play test this place
you're very very welcome
that's what early access is for or you
guys are stupid it wasn't a different
menu usually the set default controls is
in the control menu loner Archon get the
fuck out of here we are playing with a
360 controller a USB 360 controller
this looks cool oh you're in a bad mood
you didn't want to play games
yep so you know you can go fuck off I'm
just saying this looks cool I'm not
saying I want to play or care about it
but it looks cool I enjoy the art style
and the combat looks fluid and
satisfying oh is that I couldn't hear
you jack I was having fun playing this
game jack is in a bad mood how ironic I
know are usually usually I am NOT in a
bad I'm not in a bad mood very often
they you know a lot of things are
compounding including including
moderating our YouTube comments has been
extra fun lately why because our oh the
the Wolfenstein our Wolfenstein videos
just went up on YouTube and apparently
it's a thing for people and so just a
ton of racist stuff gets Nazi Nazi Nazi
Nazi Nazi right right a bunch of people
insinuating that they weren't so bad and
whether that's joking or not it's shit
that I don't want in the comments
section plus just general super racist
fair so moderating has been a lot of fun
lately YouTube comments in general are
often yeah pillows wrote but the extra
extra awful I've been playing a little
bit of pub G at home I enjoy it I still
I still get some fulfillment out of it
last couple days I've been editing the
episode rich and I did an episode on it
so that episode should be up later this
week and that has been tickle tickle
that's a tickle all right tickle harder
I didn't do anything no no right aimless
Corsair Nazis are popular with racist
assholes who knew right
we like to call pub Jeep one cut okay
the check trigger choice that's right
that Hitler guy was a real jerk that's
true that's really true
I still have not met one around in pub G
I will tell you that I've gotten to I
think my height the highest I've gotten
to is third I've gotten to place number
three and I was really excited about
that
and when it gets down to the final five
and the map shrinks to a very small
circle right it completely changes the
game
yeah good because then it actually turns
into a fire fight but everyone has
equipment yeah yeah it's it's it's like
the it's like the it's like the main
ship battle fight finale of FTL where
it's just a very different game well the
circle I I got to rank five this I gotta
I gotta have fun killing these things of
course this looks this looks very fun oh
I thought it was desecrated you lost
five cells how many did I have five I'm
gonna guess
yep
all right so so yeah it's it was it was
very exciting it was very very exciting
getting some final three and I look
forward to blocks block eat it I do look
forward to playing more as soon as I get
the episode edited which should be
rather quick we do you know obviously
like as far as gameplay goes in pub G
there's not a whole lot you can talk
about collect the things in your
shooting rifle right and so it's it's
actually going to be a very short
episode as far as your original plan I'm
gonna I'm gonna share with them what
your original plan was all right if you
remember not necessarily a very funny
idea that rich had is uh I had I had
some gameplay footage where for a Oh for
a very extended amount of time I was
just hiding in a bush yeah and of course
I record all my gameplay and I so I have
several hours of gameplay and what I
discovered was it was it's about eight
and a half minutes straight yeah of me
just hiding in a bush and looking around
but I never leave the bush for eight and
a half solid minutes yes and that's the
pub G experience what I've did so
unfortunately it probably won't work so
rich had a great idea of just overlaying
that uncut footage on top of the episode
like put it in the corner and just you
know unedited footage of hiding in a
bush right yeah which is a very funny
idea but the episode is probably going
to be longer than eight and a half
minutes right so unfortunate we aren't
able to do that I am gonna have another
bit we were hiding behind a desk yeah
but unfortunately that wasn't for as
long okay I I hid in the bush way longer
so I but there is a little moment where
we talk about all the boring stuff that
happens in the game and I use a clip for
me hiding in the bush and I'm actually
just going to upload an entirely
separate video called unedited footage
of hiding in a bush the pub G experience
right
hopefully it'll it'll get a funny gag
hopefully it'll be a funny gag but oh
that's right how long was I in that boat
I was in that boat for a rather long
time
I like that don't like what they're a
knife you don't like the throne yeah all
right no that's fair but but yeah a lot
of the game is obviously just downtime
Oh apparently you can use it as a
secondary well you have the shield of
the secondary so he probably wants that
shield key Bob do you need a key Bob oh
I see how to do that okay let's see here
the true blue channel says the long dark
is the first survival game on Steam to
come off early ask XS what is it about
that genre that the games stay in
development hell also can you say hi to
my dad Tom hi Tom hi Tom your your kid
true blue channel is wasting their time
watching live streamers instead of being
productive putting that out there I
don't know if I don't know if jury I'd
probably watches TV okay you know six
one half dozen to the other Jack uh oh
you again what do mean again maybe for
the first time
is there is there anything about
survival games that that makes them
particularly suited for development hell
I have never developed a survival game
so I could not tell you there you go
there you go
i I don't think it's survival games I
think early access has given developers
another opportunity to to slack off I
think it's it's lowered the bar for
entry
generally speaking you know even making
videos there is there is a high level to
do it as a edit for a living and so the
high difficulty level is a built-in
deterrent for anyone who just wants to
half-ass it but now because of something
like early access a developer who say
doesn't have their head in the game or
their heart into it fully can just be I
will go in there early access maybe get
some money and I'll work on it here in
there and slacking off as a theme
tonight maybe so yeah that's what I
worry about with stuff like early access
is it gives them it gives developers an
excuse not to give us a finished product
as early access yeah this really bothers
you and it doesn't bother me that's true
at all that's like at all yeah I think I
think if if the product they're giving
me yeah even though it isn't technically
finished if it's in a state where I
enjoy it I absolutely don't give a fuck
at all and it has a label on it
somewhere that says early access but
it's semantics unless of course
people come in with the expectations
that those people are dumb that one day
it will be finished buyer beware like I
have to go up here right well you know
you get you get to a point where it's
it's less about buyer beware and more
about truth in advertising right where
was his where were you burned that this
is a huge issue I'm curious and nowhere
was I burned I I just I'm a bird who
hurt you who hurt you in the world of
early access my first Kickstarter
campaign was a horrible failure the
first Kickstarter campaign I ever
donated to was an unmitigated failure
that turned me off of Kickstarter for a
very long time who hurt you tech no I
just you know and like I said it's to me
it's it's a truth in advertising thing
where if you have a product that is for
sale then then it's oh hey here's the
product buy it if you're not if you want
to you know don't buy it if you if you
don't want it to right but with early
access you can always promise to fix
broken things or add more stuff later
and instead of selling a product you're
selling a promise and and I don't I
don't like the the loosening of the
rules then you then you get into like
you know a shady territory
early access is supposed to be like
Kickstarter though it's not a way to
donate to the game but at all it is it
is that's what they use it for they use
early access to get funding to finish
the game so you have the only proper
solution is to be beholden to a large
develop a producer nope no who will have
complete control over your final product
and don't want it young maybe they'll
you do something it's a little bit
dumber that I have a broader appeal
absolutely oh and then then you'll get
the money to finish your game I
absolutely understand the benefit to
early access this side to me it's just
not a black and white deal there's a
there's a clear benefit to early access
a developer who normally would not
finish a game could get the means to
finish the game absolutely absolutely
remember brutal legend legend made by
Tim Schafer I haven't played it but I
remember it exists to some degree he
could do what he wanted because he was a
big name but yeah the one of the
publishers that game had at some point
tried to force them to make it hip-hop
instead of heavy-metal cuz I'm all our
demographics show that hip-hop is in
sure what this crowd first of all I
would have been ok with that because I
totally would not have you know I enjoy
a skier hell no enjoy whatever movie you
want to enjoy it doesn't matter what us
or any critic says if you enjoy Batman V
Superman then good for you you've found
something you enjoy they could be like
parappa the rapper they'd be great no
and you know the you know we've had so
much success with with kick-started
games with early access games wait you
know there are success stories yeah
right and so I'm not you don't throw the
baby out with the bad I'm I'm I'm being
for once rich I am being skeptical and
you are not encouraging my skepticism
for one show for once I'm trying to be
cautious oh you can heal if you press
the left bumper I don't really know what
I'm doing here great
what does the chat have to say about all
this
uh some agree with you some agree with
me now they're just talking about
whether or not it should be hip-hop rich
and I have absolutely no plans to play
any sort of dating simulator no no
dating sim you know they talk about that
stupid dad when I get talking about the
dad wonder ya know and and but we
wouldn't play any dating simulator that
is not the kind of games we play so
heads-up
does that recharge
there was a beibei's kids SNES game what
yeah you know I did not know that I've
have you seen beibei's kids do you
remember babies kids babies kids a movie
a cartoon based off of a c-grade comics
you know material about his girlfriend's
kids who didn't much care for him Bebe's
kids
there was a ren and stimpy game yes they
made games based on all the things all
the things yep
find a game they didn't make let's see
here
Haven have an ice life no have a nice
life says hey Jack and rich are you guys
interested in playing the long dark it's
a survival game based on the Canadian
wilderness it just released yesterday as
a full game on Steam no first person
curler says hi from a non prereq live
friendly time zone hey speaking of the
art style in this game have you tried
dungeons of the endless I gifted to you
some time ago tower defense game with
some fun Adams I yeah I think I started
it and it just didn't it didn't click
for me but that's all I got someone in
another stream was saying how beautiful
fire watch was I think it's beautiful
you're allowed to think whatever silly
thing you want to think Jack ah good I
will good I will everybody's doing that
on Twitter everyone's doing a 5 5
favorite games of all time lists right
now yeah there's a whole like and I'm
seeing a whole lot of people whose
opinions I generally respect talking
about the Last of Us I'm putting that on
their list
let's go really this is a thing people
love that fucking game people love it
rich
I hate Naughty Dog's so much yeah yeah I
know someone gift us the long dark there
is no guarantee we will play it if you
gift yeah then not I have no interest in
a survival game not necessarily a genre
I care about there have been exceptions
there have been exceptions you know I
really liked the flame in the flood that
was a really good survival game but also
that one that game move did that wasn't
there which one was into the flame in
the flood near the little girl in the
boat and he got the dog I did it for a
solo stream you might not yeah you might
have seen it it's a it's a resource
gathering survival game but instead of
like hunkering down and having to like
build a base and then go out and
scavenge and like build up your base
you're constantly moving from one island
to the next okay and that led over that
made it the progression feel really nice
you know you could never stick around
and hunker down anywhere which which
kept the game moving so I really enjoyed
that
how about jalopy we did not like jalopy
don't starve I played a little bit of
don't starve and yeah i it became bogged
down in in base building and in general
and I'm not a big fan of base building
parts well that's interesting
like what dying looks like I can put a
down payment sure so this is how you
kind of like level up stuff yeah but if
I can't afford the upgrade it looks like
I could just put what I have into it and
go away oh that's good good well I eat
donuts with you what the fuck kind of
question is that no I'm not gonna eat
donuts with you you're creepy you're
creepy go away kid there you go yes
death mullet hazel English that's a it's
a fine album no I'm not listening to any
new music at the moment I guess the lino
Ivan I was something I was obsessed with
that chance the rapper mixtape for a
long time a a local hip-hop artist named
Webster Webster ex just put out an album
that I've been listening to that I think
is alright but no no no real nothing
nothing I'm super obsessed with at the
moment music wise I've been on an NPR
kick recently which happens every once
in a while just listen to some talk
radio listen to some weird stories you
know history of air conditioning that
kind of stuff that guy I actually heard
that at NPR once I believe it and I'm
not kidding I found it interesting so
all the times
that's what NPR is a great
we kind of need I don't know what my
overall goal is maybe they don't maybe
they don't have an overall goal
implemented yet they don't have the
story lock down in yeah that could be
why Lina's are a boss I'm trying to be
was there a destination I'm trying to go
to what what constitute what constitutes
winning I'd I have no idea
potent potables one says there are
currently two bosses so is the bowl what
is the goal to face the bosses I assume
oh good drunken weasel drunken weasel
says I got that book Oryx and Crake so
far it's good yes I've been really
enjoying that Oryx and Crake very fun
book I've actually put off watching that
Netflix original movie Jah because the
premise seems very good job you see man
that's the dumbest name I've ever heard
well really that's the dumbest name
there's a lot of them look Jeff Luc ja I
think it means something in a foreign
language I think it's not I'm not an
English word this doesn't mean anything
to me the Netflix movie Luke Jarrow Kia
or whatever it's called it looked it
looked interesting but the the premise
seems very similar to that of Oryx and
Crake so I Oryx an Incred that I unknown
in wish
yes yes you did
Oryx and Crake is a book by the same
writer who wrote the handmaidens tale
which is very very popular right now the
handmaidens tale
yeah and Oryx and Crake is a sci-fi
novel about about future times and it's
very very compelling it's a good read
kuk-ja
is a Netflix show about future these are
the names could you take a look can you
tickle the green goo it's got to do
something right no it doesn't do
anything
I'm just running around it it's not it's
not at all clear to me what I'm supposed
to be doing cuz it looks teleporters
it's nonlinear I don't know am I looking
for something what am I looking for I
cannot tell you what is prog I don't
know what progress is it's all I can
tell you about is oak jaw and Oryx and
Crake I'm enjoying the combat but I have
absolutely no idea what I'm doing or
what I'm supposed to be doing that's
fine unless this is early enough all oh
we already you fought him all I'm
supposed to be doing is running around
at this point because it's early access
they don't have that much implemented
yet I don't know and Scorpio we have
already told you about it's it's okay if
you like movies that most people don't
like just enjoy the movies you enjoyed
you can stop saying that if you enjoy
Batman vs Superman and Suicide Squad
that's great what do they they have said
this is because we didn't know no
they've they've made they've copy pasted
the same comments
a couple times saying hey Jack I like
movies that other people don't like like
Suicide Squad and Batman vs Superman
that makes you special do I need help is
there something wrong with me I'm just
letting them know they know there's
nothing wrong with you you like the
things you like and it's okay to like
the things you like settle down you like
like you know murdering people okay you
know fair do you like Nazis right then
you're wrong right boom
you're right I guess I meant in like
consumption of pop culture media right
unless the movies you like our Nazi
snuff films you can like whatever you
want wait Nazi snuff films are they
snuffing out the Nazis because it's okay
to like that I guess in my head a Nazi
snuff film was a snuff film starring
Nazis so it could go either way it's a
it's a coin flip either they're doing or
they're being stuff so it's either good
or bad it really yeah you're right
you're watching parts of and it's really
great what Blues Brothers are they
Illinois Nazis no I don't remember
chased by Nazis for part of that movie
are they Basel Volkswagen like cars
German cars driving around chasing after
him that's a great mess and they fly off
the bridge at the end they film that
Milwaukee that bridge downtown before it
was done yeah yeah I knew that in hmm
the Nazis drive to bridge drive up the
bridge after the Bluesmobile there's a
completely impossible backflip over them
flight of the Valkyries is playing and
then just the the comical exaggeration
of the fall where you know they fly off
the edge of a bridge it's uncompleted
some other they're taller than the
fucking skyscrapers around the moon car
is falling that's a great some beautiful
scene that movie in general great yes
that whole ending of that movie Megan
spectacular chasing with a fucking dry
120 miles an hour and fucking downtown
Chicago the fucking army is storming
Daley Plaza when they're there they're
in the office waiting for the guy to get
back from lunch five minute break you
see the army story and all that movie so
fucking great I agree I agree you know
what I've been catching up on Game of
Thrones the new season of Game of
Thrones started and I lost my one sword
that's fine and my wife likes to watch
Game of Thrones and so you know like if
we want to sit down and watch something
together she wants to watch Game of
Thrones and so I said okay how about we
how about we binge together last season
and then you know we can watch stuff
together and you know I'll catch up and
do you may own the equipment a man I
damage taken reduced by 10% mmm not bad
you don't have the money for it you
don't have the money for any of these
damage you do up 10% electric whipper I
will get into last season game of
Thrones spoilers I I won't get into
anything this season but I think it is
generally speaking a very bad show Game
of Thrones I think it's very poorly
written I've never watched it it sounds
miserable to watch everyone's always
devastated because their favorite
characters have died yes and why do I
want to even start you don't you don't
there's no one there's no one that you
care about that lasts longer than a few
episodes everyone who does like who's
still around is an awful terrible person
or not or someone with just no
motivation who you can't empathize with
I want to root for somebody yes I want a
good guy I want a good guy I can root
for I hate it I hate it so much and that
awful actress the one who was in the
Terminator
movie that where Sarah Connor goes back
in time was that Genesis yeah she play
she plays one of the main characters
Daenerys Targaryen the mother of dragons
she's the she's the Biddy with the
Dragons and her character throughout six
seasons has had one single motivation
and nothing has changed and I find her
to be awful I hate looking at her I
think she's a bad actress and I don't
like it when she says stuff removes her
face or talks so so I hate her and a lot
of the show is about her Peter Dinklage
is fantastic just because he's a good
actor in general but I'm not you can't
really root for him because he's not
really doing anything
and she barely accomplished it her so
her character is the the daughter of the
fallen king and the fallen king had his
you know had the Seven Kingdoms but his
throne taken away from him because he
was the Mad King he became crazy yeah
and it's been her it's been her goal in
life to retake back the Seven Kingdoms
right of Westeros or whatever and she
learned a little bit of a lesson in
season one about like being a ruler
instead of just being a spoiled bitch
but then some shit happened so but then
her character almost got interesting
yeah she took over this town but before
she could go to Westeros she had to like
figure out how to how to do the
day-to-day ruling stuff not just
Conqueror yeah a village but actually
rule over it make decisions that affect
your people and her character for a
fraction of a second almost got
interesting because you know maybe she
would have to learn or grow or something
but then she just gotten a dragon and
flew away and Peter Dinklage figured out
the whole city situation dragons so this
is fantasy fantasy yeah it's like
Tolkien s well no there's no gob there's
no it works
there's no orcs or goblins hey look at
that look at that and I said look prompt
he's dead what and that's recent Oh can
you take a sword no oh I could oh oh
interesting Jack nice fight
Oh a blueprint for the brodster what I
do with the blueprint that's something
you know that guy with the blue thing on
his back now he can now you can give
yourselves to him and and get that sword
they remember the guy with the blue
thing on his back said and he wanted
blue since why couldn't I pick this up
again oh I was that full huh you were a
little alpha before you so in any case
her character I don't know if I want to
go in there doesn't really move forward
and none of the characters do anything
and any character you like dies and it's
confusing and there's a lot of backstory
that they don't explain properly and I
hate everything but it's made an
interesting turn in season six rich
season six is where the books stop so
this is not the guy I got to go to them
no the guy with the blue thing on all
right all right
all right so they're ahead of the books
okay so now is starting in season six
they got ahead of the books and you can
act there is a discernible difference in
the writing characters started making
sharp turns and doing things it was
amazing
oh so it's good now well there's so much
bullshit that you have to put up I
barely call it good now but they
actually started towards their end goals
that they've been
it has to do something right hey maybe
maybe we'll figure out as we go on great
that's great so in any case it's been
really interesting watching the writing
now that they're moving away from the
books and you know characters you care
about are actually doing stuff now and
but then that bullshit last season so
spoiler alert for last season they
killed the the only basically the only
hero we had left they killed at the end
of season five Jon Snow they killed him
and that's why I stopped watching
because he was the only character I
cared about anymore
yeah and then immediately in the
premiere of season six he came back to
life because of magic and so then
there's no more waits to death in the
universe anymore a lot of characters die
they can come back whenever it doesn't
matter anymore right
I like thorns but this seems to be a
better a better weapon loadout yeah
nothing you can't do nothing damn can
you can buy that blue bomb thing
and in any case it's not a show for me
but I've been watching it only because
my wife likes to watch it and we have
very little opportunities to watch stuff
together so I put up with it I put up
with it and complain about it when I'm
on the Internet
so now anybody can come back to life
I mean seemingly and other like I want
to say like minor characters have been
brought back from the dead before but
this was the first major character but
you know death is a big thing because
they can't they kill everybody like they
don't care if it's a main character that
was her claim to fame that's their claim
to fame absolutely like the the whole
show started oh this guy okay the whole
show started with like the person who
was supposed to be the hero dying
immediately massive damage that sounds
good great do I complain about it to my
wife sometimes because she also read the
books and so like I have to ask her a
lot of questions like who are these
people did we ever meet them before no
no but they're in the book no where are
these people from are they important oh
that's somebody's brother oh that's some
guy we haven't seen in four seasons and
he's back and important now
no aren't you know what aria was great
she just fuck us at I think it might be
a friend oh I'm enjoying this Aria was
gray aria is great but she was she was
stuck with the many-faced God guy for
how many seasons now but now that yeah
now she's out she's doing stuff it's
great
whip doesn't seem to do much damage
I also hope that Maisie Williams goes on
to get more work she's great she's great
and I like I like the Arya Stark
character Sansa can go fuck herself I
hate stuff I also don't care for that
actress she plays that she plays Jean
Grey in the new x-men movies yeah
wait new Jean Grey there's a new Janet
even others and did you see days of
yourself I don't give a shit about them
that's true yeah there's a new Jean Grey
alright this electric whip sucks you
learned a valuable lesson rich I am the
guy who recommends the flash TV show and
not Game of Thrones you guys know what
my taste is I win oh okay with action
schlock oh nice how do I go back go back
where Dwight Cooper teleporter yeah I
guess I don't really need to know I need
aids souls or or cells
what's her character tomboy trying to
avenge her dad so like Danny who you
hate well one I hate I hate the actress
I hate that actress I think she's a bad
actress - Danny's Danny's doing this
whole like I come from royalty thing so
you know like I am the Queen and you
will treat me as the Queen whereas Aria
is doing is doing a starting from a
disadvantage because she's a young weak
little girl and so she has almost a
spider-man thing happening where you
know she's the underdog so the
characters of Daenerys and Arya are very
different also I just hate that actress
now if I buy this sword do I lose it
Aria is from near royalty but she
doesn't act like she's from royalty it's
a whole its you get it together you get
it together little Sebastian
I also recommend Legion de and Jessica
Jones yes but they're not currently you
know producing new stuff like flashes
in any case I've been watching some game
of booms haven't been terribly enjoying
it thought we're watching it because
that's what we're doing
a ton of new shows are about to are
about to happen now we're gonna we get a
glut of stuff in August which I'm really
looking forward to what's going out
what's going on like there are the tick
is happening this month really nice the
defenders is coming out is thor ragnarok
is coming out this month right not sure
I believe Thor I mean obviously that's a
movie but we're getting a ton uh we're
getting a ton of geeky stuff happening
this month
oh there's new broadchurch that's that's
out already actually do I do I do I
knock it back to the old area unless I
die
is that what's going on here what old
area I want to go back to the little
print guy yeah where was he
there's in a different map section thing
a different map section yeah oh I'm
gonna hold it an area right now sure
that's right what hot American summer
ten years later is coming out actually
that's just a gonna a couple days we're
getting so much shit so they're doing
more what had American summer they are
the other one went over kind of met the
other one well yeah the other one went
over kind of mad but they're doing
another run now now it's the official
sequel this yeah ten years later looks
pretty good looks pretty good I know I I
was kind of mad about the the the first
day of camp but oh my god stump that was
dumb wrench
yes without Bradley Cooper they've
they've actor swaps the Bradley Cooper
character doesn't want nothing to do
with it oh he's just busy you know he's
a big Hollywood actor I don't know
Bradley Cooper's a big Hollywood actor
rich and you know last season for the
first day of camp they had him
they had him only for like a half a day
and so part of his schtick was he's
going he was going to be at the big
party as DJ ski mask and so they kept
cutting to a character in a ski mask and
it was the same character that was a
joke which I thought was pretty funny
but this year he just he wasn't around
for any days of filming and so Adam
Scott is replacing him
the rich have 78 says every time you go
to a new dungeon you'll encounter The
Blueprint guy oh my god so heads up
going back just isn't a thing here okay
Mauck tronic says roses are red violets
are droopy please explain while saw
twice Sansa is poopy one Samsa as the
character in Game of Thrones won one of
them the main character who died very
early on his daughter
the show revolves around many old royal
families and they're all fighting for
power not son Sansa had no character
that's why she was poopy her her main
character trait was that she did
whatever she was told and so she was
promised to the king who was awful and
she went along with it and was unhappy
and then she was promised to the King's
brother who wasn't as awful but she went
along with it and wasn't happy then she
was promised to another person and she
went along with basically she just
didn't she was a she was a human meat
puppet like she was a human torture
device where okay she just did whatever
she was told at all times and was
unhappy about it at all times
and that's why I didn't much care for
her character and she looks a lot like
Boy George yes she looks like a very
young boy George which is off-putting
oh sorry not the Kings brother the Kings
uncle she was with she was with Peter
Dinklage : I misspoke not King's brother
the Kings uncle haha terrible mistake
terrible mistake to make I'm so sorry
riveting riveting riveting yep
Game of Thrones sucks now because of
people like Jack who haven't read a page
of the books so you have to read the
book don't wait to show them if you have
to read the book to make the show worth
watching then by very definition the
show is not good if you have to read the
expanded universe novels to really
understand why the Star Wars movies are
great then the Star Wars movies aren't
that great oh you can roll that yeah
lost 18 cells I'm so sorry I am too that
was a lot I don't wanna lose though that
is a lot did you know you were going to
the boss named a boss I think that's a
boss that's a boss is that it's just a
slightly upgraded arrow-shooting guy
well I that might be the boss that they
got right now I'm gonna say you're wrong
I he's a he's a guy that you've had to
fight several times I'm gonna say you
were wrong and he is powerful that is
boss like character and I'm also usually
pretty weak when I get to him though
yeah
potin potable says that's an elite not a
boss yeah okay thank you thank you yeah
see he looks just like now I just he's
dead look just like this other guy I
listened it that that elite had some
boss like characteristics I know is this
how new is this yeah it's not even out
yet
how new is this
encephalopathy X as I remember when we
call them mini-bosses well okay whether
or not it's a mini-boss depends upon how
many of them show up later right if they
end up replacing regular enemies
yeah like completely replacing regular
enemies it's not a mini-boss okay
many bosses show up here and there a few
times they're saying that they're saying
this released in May alright so just a
couple months old I'm enjoying it
it looks very enjoyable I think I bought
it I think I own this game and then
every time I think about playing it it's
an early axis oh yeah yeah wait oh stop
hey it's gonna be fun
oh you know what I see this tip by
humberto Cabbage Patch they said I
watched open oh no I'm sorry that's
different but I now at now you made me
think of a story that I want to tell you
know what was really upsetting is that
get outta here is I was ready I was
ready to show my kids Big Trouble in
Little China the other day we were gonna
have a movie night and I said hey let's
watch Big Trouble in Little China mmm
and there and they were like days like
yeah that sounds dumb dad I don't want
to watch it cuz you know they don't know
yeah yeah and and and so I was like
here's what it's about
it's about a truck driver that fights
magic ninja and they're like ah they go
alright and I said but at the end a
guy's head explodes and I go alright
we'll watch that with you and they were
super excited about it but I couldn't
find it anyway Big Trouble in Little
China online I couldn't find it to rent
anywhere you know like a video on demand
yeah and maybe I was having some some
internet issues or something but I
wasn't I was unable to find it to rent I
don't know all right I like these twin
swords
Skippy it is not on Netflix it is not on
Netflix it just left
Netflix yeah listen you got to know
what's gonna sell it for the kids they
they heard a guy's head explodes and
they wanted to see that shit like a
magic ninjas and I said lots of there's
lots of fighting there's guns or swords
there's no fun for me there's monsters
and they said yeah but I said a guy's
head explodes and they go alright now
I'm down all right head better explode
well I had better explode
I think its whole body explodes right
yeah yeah but so I talk about the guy
that pops yeah yeah yeah I said even
know if I would call it a head explosion
that's a full pot it's a full body they
would have enjoyed that just as fine oh
it's still on Netflix in Canada I'm just
show them my copy of the movie I love
that movie it's a great movie it's a
great movie good commentary track I
don't I don't own many DVDs and so you
know you cuz usually everything you can
and maybe I just wasn't searching in the
right areas but it's a good commentary
track that is largely John Carpenter
making fun of Kurt Russell for having
starred in captain Ron
all right so I go there I can't come
back okay so Humberto cabbage patch says
I watched nothing but trouble last night
it was terrible I think I laughed twice
disgust really nothing but trouble
here's it's it's a bizarrely polarizing
movie yeah some people just I don't know
what it is I think some people just
don't either don't get or don't care for
the central joke the central premise
which is we have a protagonist who
thinks he's the big tough action hero I
watched nothing but trouble
oh nothing but trouble I think we're
still talking about big trouble a little
China and by the way with the first time
I read that tip in my head I saw a big
trouble and little do you say big
trouble well no then I told my big
trouble a little time at China story but
now we're getting back to the tip in
which they said nothing but trouble okay
okay nothing but trouble yeah it's a bad
movie but it's a fascinating movie I
didn't say it was a laugh a minute no I
said it's worth a watch just for being
interesting it is one of the most
bizarre movies in existence it is let's
see if this reviews never it's never
gonna see the light of day you don't be
in jack man Jack filmed I'm fuckin I'm
doing good but cuz this happened like
half a year ago this happened a while
we we've the same day we filmed our
demolition man review we also filmed a
second review for nothing but trouble
talk about it not necessarily because we
loved the movie just because we thought
it was worth talking about absolutely
and my point of view on this nothing but
trouble is directed by Dan Aykroyd right
was directed by and written by and
written by Dan Aykroyd yes and so just
for you always hear these stories like
you know Dan Aykroyd's original script
for the Blues Brothers the size of a
phone book we had to cut 90% of it out
dan Aykroyd the original script for
ghostbusters was the size of a phone
book we had to cut 90% of it off we had
all these crazy terrible ideas and
nothing but trouble
we finally get to see it all of his
crazy terrible ideas nothing but trouble
when you think about it like that's
probably what his original script for
ghostbusters look like to some degree
it's fascinating it's to see Dan Aykroyd
finally yes finally Unchained and you
get to see what he would do
and here's the thing there is world
building in the nothing but trouble
universe that will rival the best sci-fi
movie and Jennifer it's always been good
at that yes it's the the mythos of the
nothing but trouble world is so tight
it's immaculate it's amazing but the
movie is bizarre as fuck it is a movie
that I I remember I remember way back in
the day like before kids before Lisa and
I were married I purchased nothing but
trouble and I said honey I remember this
movie we have to watch this and she
hated me for like no because we watched
it and she's like this is this is
garbage what are you doing I was like
they they Road they rode a roller
coaster and landed in a pile of bones
that is something that appears in this
movie don't tell me it's not the most
fantastic thing in the world just just
realize when you watch nothing but
trouble that it's in it's like
ghostbusters without I haven't right
been stepping in and saying no or
without anyone as charismatic as Bill
Murray behaving Ivan Reitman comes in he
takes a look at this shit that Dan egg
right through in his desk and he says
Harold all right oh yeah Dan Okrent yeah
me and Harold Ramis see you me there -
we're gonna rewrite this yeah yeah I'm
gonna get together and you just keep
saying things but we the two smart
people in the room we're just we're
gonna figure something out yeah and
nothing but who is Ghostbusters without
that influence it's in a sense it's
amazing all-star cast
big-budget it's it's it's absolutely
it's a sight to be seen and and you know
I see some people chat like the video
wasn't Vito
I'm sure just Jay got busy with other
stuff he says he's eventually gonna III
don't know I don't know basically it's
one of those videos and I know that he
did the same thing with his and Josh's
review of that Talking Heads movie and
yeah where he's just like oh you know
it'll just be on the backburner forever
until there's a downtime and then it'll
come out if it ever comes out right
because who knows one that I could
downtime is going to be but nothing but
trouble Humberto cabbage patch I know
and like it's not funny but it's like
it's supposed to be funny but it's not
funny it's it's just it's resolved it's
fascinating
yes it's absolutely fascinating it's
worth a watch it's really worth a watch
like like that to be it's not something
you are going to be entertained by it's
something that you should study yes what
the fuck and and it's it's just that
perfect like you know he was dan Aykroyd
er was riding off of some high waves and
had a ton of clout he had a bunch of
celebrities in it and he just got to do
whatever he wanted and that's the movie
he made fascinating stuff
yes beefcake ELISA was very happy when I
was in Canada for a week so she wasn't
forced to watch bad movies it's yeah
oh nothing but trouble maybe one day
you'll get to see the proper review on
him we'll see here dick gently er says
greetings gentlemen it was cool to see
max landis wearing a nerd crew shirt on
Jenny Nicholson's show on screen junkies
do you ever watch her stuff got my nerd
crew shirt last month and loved it I
subscribe to her on YouTube I enjoy I
haven't I don't subscribe to screen
junkies so I haven't seen any of her
stuff there but I don't but I have
absolutely nothing against her I watched
the max landis thing and it was
entertaining no she's good she has a
really nice speaking style and I think
she has a very dry humour and yeah and
it's very funny so I enjoy her stuff I
haven't seen any of her screen junky
stuff because I generally just don't
like on screen junkies I think she does
more of like hey here's the news on Star
Wars kind of stuff and I don't care
about that but she had some very funny
videos I really enjoyed her she did a
funny Suicide Squad one where she was
trying to like add logic to the world of
Suicide Squad yeah she was funny I think
she is a funny lady
and it was great of Max to wear the very
cool nerd crew shirt yeah I don't think
he could resist it
here's the thing the 7x oh I don't think
she tries really hard to be all brie
Plaza I just think that's how she speaks
in acts would you please do a review on
Close Encounters for the re-release I'd
love to
I'll talk to Jay about that there's a
couple of reviews that I really want to
do I don't know if we'll have time all
right
die little blank to fuck die you little
flying fuck endo kromm says here's two
bucks for risking kidney damage with
that tums festival gag lol how many how
many tongues do you want to bet I
actually ate I mean oh hopefully about
that man actually ate four okay that's
good which is a it's an average night
for me the tums yeah I have I've had
asked reflux my whole life so you should
look into some medication for that some
proper medication so you don't have to
eat all them Thomas proper medication
says don't take for longer than 14 we a
14-day I just stick with on tablet
rather than the thing that may harm me
over time sure sure yeah I get some
zyrtec so that Bailey areas I can't get
into the other area had a is there a
potential triple-jump that I should have
maybe or maybe it has something to do
with that green thing like maybe it's
what if you crouch on that green thing
like crouch and tickle
oh wait what's that what's what now you
have like a - over your head I don't
fucking know the Crouch and tickle
didn't work usually the Crouch integral
works usually I just like say I liked
the phrase usually the Crouch and tickle
works chan have anything to say about
this in excess seemingly inaccessible
area there was one in the last zone -
you unlock items that let you climb
all right all right I'm saying it's up
because it's also a Metroidvania so
Metroidvania when you can't go back to
previous wait wait go to here go to the
teleporter real quick
oh you haven't unlocked another topic I
have in the other area
oh shit I just don't know the old
crouching sickle let's see here by the
way that was a good episode I was a fine
I've said the best of the worst
I got to watch I am so upset that I
wasn't there for that demon movie that I
mean the other ones I could do without
but I wanted to be there for Empire of
the dark now that I've seen it oh that
looked amazing
just amazing it's a great viewing night
yeah oh except for mad foxes which came
highly recommended just just kind of
disgusted me yeah that's the thing I'm
okay with having missed mad foxes but
Empire of the dark that looked that
looked to be classic just classic old
man Joe pilato that was that's when it
hadn't old man that's what I had
everyone yeah I mean straight straight
out of a high school production of a few
good men here crane hand crisis finally
beat the flagship on a Kestrel run what
are riches mad ng tourists stress ng
tourists
yeah I mean the ng ship I think I
believe that's out there any any mad ng
threats I don't use the the ng drone
ship that match the the one that's drone
centric yeah yeah I usually don't go for
drones and I hate anything
I'm dependent upon ammo okay so I
personally me personally yeah I avoid
drone based strategies unless I find
that one that one augment what do they
call those perk where you get to get
your drone back yeah the drone recovery
perk yeah then I'll go drones but I
don't I don't have much advice I can
give you for that ship cuz I don't
really use it much you know yeah any
like the either being dependent on
drones are dependent on missiles right
yeah is a terrible situation at the end
yeah I oh I hate missiles and like I
said if you if you have a drone recovery
arm
yeah it's great drones but let's find
that I don't bother with you it's a it's
a big investment for something you're
just gonna run out of ammo for oh yeah
and then like if you build up all of
your drones so you have a bunch of
powerful drones and then no drones to
send out yeah you just kind of fuck yeah
let's see here casual horse says don't
mind me
casual horse I love casual horse Oh a
time-based door Jack I was too late to
get in him Oh
Oh fun that's interesting fun
rich saw Dunkirk
I did not see dunker rich thoughts on
Dunkirk Saving Private Ryan with 80%
less heart boom but but I don't hate it
was good but I didn't hate I didn't I
didn't get the feels yeah
well no that's he doesn't do the feels
right he does the Bleak action no no one
does the Bleak action I don't know what
to get out of it besides we're bad and I
kind of knew that well but you're bad
also right Nolan Jack Secord Royce I
think everyone can agree Nolan is a
great technical director no one knows
his stuff oh my god oh my god yeah
we got here Irishmen 36 hijack and rich
well we're either of you guys ever into
old isometric RPG games now Allah
Baldur's Gate Icewind Dale or Diablo no
there seems to be a resurgence of these
games nowadays which is great nothing
yeah I enjoy them it just wasn't my
thing yeah yeah me either you like to be
you like the you know doing original
XCOM which is isometric turn-based I
didn't discover that until later though
right right right back in the day I
wasn't playing the original XCOM I
didn't know I didn't know cuz if
somebody wasted years right
let's see here bad news everyone says
hey dudes what's the word on a Star Trek
review is that the bird is the word
oh yeah always I would have I would have
done one like a year ago it's whenever
whatever Mike wants to sit down and talk
about anything Star Trek related on
review let's see here no cuz well and
then the the lighter part of the
question is that show for film only or
could Mike and rich discuss team I don't
general I don't know if he's saving it
for something special and just come on
it's about time right yeah I don't know
I'm sure a review could be about
anything so could be about TV shows just
like Mike and Jay you know did a did a
half of the bag on stranger things
whatever they feel like talking about
the electric whip that was a terrible
one
these storms are had yeah these are the
ones I had escape cage says I love Star
Trek but after Voyager Enterprise and
into darkness I have severe doubts about
the future that's fair yeah beyond was
great
I I'm I've just decided they wish they
wish it was Star Wars which it's Trek
it's not don't make it be Star Wars
right but it is what it is we can't I
can't change the people in charge that's
true that's true let's see here cool
trainer lehem DS says thank you for
articulating why Game of Thrones is bad
hopefully I did a fine enough job I know
a lot of people will disagree with me
it's a very popular show everybody
people like it and you know again I
don't begrudge you for liking it I just
don't like it and trying to articulate
why I didn't like it it's just not my
thing dead for a while now
kick it kick it you can't kick him no
I've never seen Vikings I've heard a
good thing about that things about that
show though everybody have you ever seen
Vikings a show on History Channel Jim
works on that show work on that show
you're right I've heard good things
before before I met Jim I've heard good
things about it yeah you get charged you
did a rich you did it let's see here
solo five six seven this is Jack
I recently binge seasons of the expanse
in three days and I loved it fuck yes
the expanse is great I remembered that
you had talked about it previously so
thank you for that
have you read those books I have not my
wife has read them after we started
watching the show actually because it's
such a good that's that's the good
sci-fi right now is the expanse the the
situation's or the the the acting isn't
always the greatest and the characters
are pretty stock characters yeah in the
expanse but the mystery and the world
the world rich Mars and Earth and the
asteroid belts possible otherworldly
life it's it's awesome it's great get on
it people if you haven't seen the
expanse yet and you are into sci-fi get
fucking on it
yes observation 9000 X pants the show X
pants which is on the Playboy channel is
not the show whoa I'm down with that
thanks Lloyd beads we beat says Jack the
problem is you like the flash so I can't
really trust you on what good TV is
which is a sick burn way do I got to
keep these permanently do these tickets
okay start with these these cost a lot
of souls what these weapons here I can I
can only assume that these are the
weapons only for this room but it took
me three different runs to pay for these
I don't know I just I also don't know
rich what are the people who know this
game have to say about that let's see
here they're too busy talking about the
flash fuck the flash they're saying no
they stay unlocked but
so they'll be in shops and stuff all
right all right no fuck so fuck orange
chests or whatever button you've
unlocked in now so that's good let's see
here anonymous says this is a limerick
there once was a boy named rich Evans
who's laughter went up to 11 diabetes
medication smashed two Mike's
elation and now he screams aids up in
heaven PS watch Ozark people dunno I
don't actually have diabetes right I
don't think people get it that that's a
joke but in case they don't that's a
joke everybody
I have no thoughts on ozark let's see
here in doubt shoot Germans says hey my
first tip my movie suggestion the
Blackwell ghost it's a bit one hour fake
documentary a bit found-footage ish no
jump scares but with really fun actor
and really creepy at times the Blackwell
ghost well thank you I did mention that
there was a ghost setting up last time
when we were streaming yes sometimes
there are ghosts in here and that's why
we have so many technical problems is uh
when Mike goes on when I chose this
location yeah when he goes on his ghost
hunting adventures I think he's bringing
ghosts back with him and we don't have a
containment device in here so there
they're messin they're messing with us
alright casual horse says hey guys did
did any of you see kungfu hustle no I
did it's an amazing but polarizing movie
people either love it or hate it
just like pineapples on a pizza q4 rant
on pineapples and go Kung Fu Hustle is
really cute it's a it's a it's a bit of
a comedy it's a bit of a satire of old
kung fu movies but it also is a pretty
good kung fu movie but it's a comedy and
I I really enjoy it I think it's very
funny same director I believe did
Shaolin Soccer
did you see Shaolin Soccer No again the
same vein of comedy where it's a soccer
movie but you know it's almost like
anime soccer where it's so over the top
and they have special powers and it's
cute alright if you say so
he also did another movie called the
good the bad and the weird which I have
not seen so
no the cow fight movie was that was the
Steve Odenkirk movie what was that one
called where he just took an old movie
to read dubbed parts of it do you
remember the coal fight the can there's
a cow fighter that's kung pao Thank You
Chad the mood you remember the movie
Kung Pao you'd be surprised how many
kung fu movies I have not brought to you
but I know I know I love anime you do
love anime that's true
Kung Pao is brought to you by the mind
that brought us all of the thumb movies
did you see any of the thumb movies
there's thumb wars II sing did you see
things
there's thumb wars
there's thumb Tanic there's the Blair
thumb there they're not great but but he
did a movie called Kung Pao in which he
reused footage from an old kung fu movie
and redubbed people and then added some
new scenes with him in it and it's silly
it's not very good it's nowhere near as
good as come from Kung Fu Hustle is
legitimately good compiled
Kung Pao is a mellow I'm sorry Kung Pao
is his mediocre is mediocre at best Kung
Fu Hustle is very good Kung Pao is
mediocre
yeah it's like the worst version of
what's up Tilly Tigerlily
did you ever see what's up Tigerlily
that was just how about how about just
list all of the things did you see
can we just let's just we'll just get it
all out of the way people have seen it's
not unreasonable for people to see
what's up Tigerlily did you see Batman
did you see Roger Corman's the Fantastic
Four did you see The Blues Brothers
did you see Robocop did you see wild at
heart what did you see scanners where
did you see look who's talking wait have
you seen a wild an art that's a great -
I have wild at heart is the movie about
the diving horse it's great wait which
is the one I said I'm thinking of oh no
I'm sorry that's why all the hearts must
be broken
yeah a navigable young Nick Cage we're
okay what's his name what's his name
Larry Devlin bring out one well I'm the
phone William Dafoe his head shot off
with a shotgun
did you see Black Stallion
did you see goosebumps did you see
Murder She Wrote okay no wait
what's up Tiger Lily is a movie that
people have seen and yes I have seen
Murder She Wrote
did you see Casablanca she gone with the
wind
did you see start I did see Stargate I
love the Stars you see start to see
stargate sg1 that series okay no what's
up Tiger Lily is a Woody Allen movie so
that's my people have seen that and it's
the original version of taking old
footage and redouble it so a lot of
people know what what's up tiger loose
I'm sorry rich wow that heart is Nic
Cage I was thinking of wild hearts can't
be broken the schmaltz movie about
horses that dive into water if you've
ever seen that movie it's about it's
about a young girl who runs away from
home so she can ride a horse off of a
diving board and it dives into a shallow
thing of water it's called wild hearts
can't be broken okay
it was very popular in my household as I
have an older sister the girls love it's
about because it's about riding horses
and being wild at heart and how they
can't be broken your wild hearts no they
do not have diving masts that's why
they're wild okay
but how did it end can Wildhearts be
broken I'm not gonna spoil it for you
you watch that yourself
thank you Thank You Colonel rich mustard
for reminding people that I grew up on a
farm we didn't have many movies but we
chucked the corn at each other all right
where were we
future did you see Young Frankenstein
yes Jem Frank sign I don't know you know
what I actually have never seen Bram
Stoker's Dracula you know the big the
big Dracula movie from what was that the
the mid-90s Assad I don't remember too
well I never I never got around to
seeing them yes I've seen Young
Frankenstein roll roll roll in the hay
Young Frankenstein it's great yes I saw
life force I saw that at B fest life
force played at like 1:30 in the morning
at B fest it was fantastic a couple
years ago
did you see Day of the Dead I have not
seen they have the dead know that I did
see Dawn of the Dead both of them did
you see creep show No
did you see gremlins yes
I did not see afternoon of the Dead and
I did not see I like this little chest
wait your vibes accursed chest take one
little hit and you're dead eliminate ten
eminent enemies to lift the curse that's
sweet
ten enemies so if you take one hit
you're dead yeah tough call
now I gotta choose that broadsword done
better with staggers that broadsword
Smith that broadsword was really mean
yes we have both seen things and we will
never see it again
things yeah I hate thanks thanks all
right future future J says good evening
gents in September Star Trek to the
Wrath of Khan will be re-released in
theaters for at least a few days either
of you plan on seeing it we're first
I've even heard of this theaters unite
Marcus does a lot of stuff like that it
don't raise the long start are they yeah
oh that's needs a few days I think oh
really yeah I know I know that sounds
like something that I want to go to
one-hit rich that's fine Khan so for the
35th anniversary yeah Marcus does stuff
like that all the time so I can only
imagine that they'll do it I had to
choose having registered Raiders in the
parade I've already seen one it was like
a small kind of thing like like what
that one Marcus does but you know who's
I've already seen start - Raph - oh
brother Khan Star Trek - Reza Khan on
the big screen okay
never seen Raiders in the big screen
rate is it bigger than the big screen
yeah it would it would be great on the
big screen
Franken Wes says Bram Stoker's Dracula
is one of the most visually appealing
movies on one hand on the other hand
it's also kind of shit so I you know
never just got I just never got around
to seeing it I did I have no particular
reason never got around I want to see
both on the big screen I haven't seen
either on the big screen and so I would
like to see both if if Raiders is coming
though soon I might not be able to see
it in theaters unfortunately if it's
like this weekend yeah then I'm gone
then I'm gone again six or something
sixth I think yeah that's this weekend
oh I'm gonna miss it I'm gone again I'm
out getting out of this two horse town
Admiral Marcus no we have a chain of
theaters here called the Marcus cinema
the Marcus theaters Marcus cinemas and
so there's a bunch of Marcus theaters
here in the Milwaukee area and they're
pretty good about doing special event
screenings like that yep I'm going back
to Canada I'm going I'm going back to
Vulcan now there's some more things I
gotta check out no I'm heading up north
no theaters where I'm heading up north
yeah wicked skies the artists that's
what the Marcus has they have the new
like ultra loungers you know it's just
like a giant comfy seat that's what
kleiner it's great you can lift up the
armrests to turn it into a loveseat or
keep the armrests down for personal
space and cupholders
Jack what did you see Star Trek - the
Wrath of Khan have I seen it
oh yes I have seen Star Trek - the Wrath
of Khan I love Star Trek through the
Wrath of Khan I think it's a really good
movie I think it's a really good movie
even though it's weird to see Kirstie
Alley that young because I'm used to her
being an older actress it's also weird
to see her as a Vulcan I remember when
she was on shears remember her as a
younger actress right you and I have
different perceptions of Kirstie Alley
yeah to me is she's the mom and look
who's talking okay please tell rich that
that bomb is not one use it's infinite
but with a recharge time if you choose
the bomb as one of your weapons Oh see
there you go nice there you go good to
know I'd like to get in some of those
fucking areas I can't get add whatever
this grappling hook up great is that I
need I need it soon yeah
oh you know what I was looking into a
while ago I was talking about
speaking of Marcus cinemas a while ago I
was talking about how much I hated
having to drive to the the big Chain
Theatre instead of seeing movies at my
local theater that I have a movie
theater just a few blocks away from me
within walking distance of my house
yeah but I often don't go to see movies
there because they play a lot of movies
in 3d yeah and I hate that I call this
problem and I actually I've written them
to sit to say hey I would I would go to
the movies more often if you didn't have
movies in 3d heads up and someone in
chat recommended someone apparently made
what they call 2d glasses yeah it's
glasses you can wear to see a 3d movie
in 2d but they're not available anywhere
I did a little research and actually
what you can do is take two pairs of
real 3d glasses switch mounts you get to
the same side yeah take the two left's
you know take the two left's yeah basic
logic basic logic right but then you're
paying extra see it still you still
paying extra to see it but I would
mitigate that money by walking to my
local theater not like it takes a you
know it doesn't take a couple bucks to
drive to my other theater but you know
hey I can walk to the movie theater
so I was excited about that so next time
I'm at the movie theater I'm gonna steal
me a couple pairs of real 3d glasses so
I can hack a pair of 2d glasses so that
I am able to partake in my local theater
in case they have any 3d movies they're
so pretty yeah pretty excited about that
meet us Carson I want I want 3d to die
and it's it's extra insulting because
barely anyone is shooting in 3d anymore
everyone is post converting to 3d
because it's just so much cheaper to
post convert and it looks bad and no one
likes it what's this trap man trap sand
trap friend yes in the long run that's
worth it let's see here
pre reckon my ass says hey Jack and Rich
I heard Karen says that she likes
Squirrel Girl yeah and I think Jack said
he reads Captain Marvel I read Miss
Marvel yeah
have either of you heard about the make
mine milkshake non traversée over at
Marvel Comics no nope make mine
milkshake controversy people who are
lactose intolerance are upset about
milkshakes sorry I have not heard about
that so we have nothing bad let's see
here dr. strong Squire
God dr. strong Squires has wanted to say
completely agree about Dunkirk rich
thank you
but have now been told I'm just wrong by
most of my mates and because they say
mates I assume they're from England
right then me a bigger deal over there
well that you have to like yeah any it's
a patriotic thing no sport the troops
yep yep come on that was that's his
that's history for you
I guess its history for us too it's just
history we don't care about wasn't as
big an event III was completely
unfamiliar with the whole scenario right
right any-anything World War two before
Pearl Harbor I don't know that's when
our history will start we care yeah
that's when we started you know getting
into it let's see here have either of
you uh thought though I thought it was a
good cinematic experience just know
characters I cared about
that's classic Nolan oh he mate god save
Nolan and tip tip tip tip teatime
cheerio cheerio yeah no you know I read
uh not getting into any controversy
because written I don't know about
anything but I also read Squirrel Girl I
think those are fun books they're
adorable
that Squirrel Girl you're that you are
the only one that doesn't read comics
but no I think squirrel girls great I
miss Marvel's the book that I read the
most just because I think that's the
closest I will get to to that classic
spider-man feeling underdog I love me I
love me a good underdog story rich my
ass kicked and then repeat yeah but also
Archer and I'm strong I'm still reading
still enjoying that Jesus he's good at
kicking my ass I think you have to roll
like 20% more bombs were doing nothing
yes well you know I think the bombs were
doing really good he had like little
henchmen guys your bombs were good at
taking out the little hinge minutes done
from dumb for not using my health potion
bed oh sure oh shit like that over time
I'm sure I don't I have not read an
issue where Miss marvel was pregnant so
I don't know about that what someone is
saying wasn't miss Marvel pregnant in an
issue miss Marvel is a is a teenager
teen pregnancy is an issue they were
doing it they were doing a special issue
and it was an alien and the alien was
taking over her body it was a whole
thing not that I remember
I don't recall her being pregnant
oh you mean the old Miss Marmol yes the
old Miss Marvel is a sieve there's many
Miss marbles the the person who is now
captain rival Miss Marple the person
with the person who is now Captain
Marvel formerly Miss Marvel was pregnant
with an alien an alien being that used
the pregnancy to rebirth himself into
this universe Oh extra he extra owed her
okay an alien X trode her and then fell
in love with her which is creepy it
turned into a whole thing sword did the
blood ran out oh that was a died yeah I
was ready he died Jesus doesn't feel
like last run it feels like this run but
I guess it wasn't it was not to be
Jack's explanation sounds less stupid
when he mentioned extra oh well that's
true it's what happened he brainwashed
her and used her body to birth him into
this dimension but he was also in love
with her but then he kidnapped her and
if I remember correctly like she was an
Avenger at that point whoa why did it
happen why do they happen how did you do
that what do you have to do kill all
enemies and make it to the exit without
getting hit you have 1 minute and 47
seconds
good doing good
what all right what what did that I
maybe you had something to do with I'll
be right back all right sit down here
yeah it was
save your life once
you're a shot
for any layman all right
nothing much ever okay no that means the
skiving squirrel girl is a great book
someone doesn't like Squirrel Girl or
she was good but now she's in whatever
welcome to death fuck him come to death
dad
tickle the monster is a ladder you can
unlock by beating the elite Archer on
the second stage alright so after you
beat the elite Archer so you can start
tickling ladders
you and 4,000 other people agree crazy
that Marvel sells what no remember that
was the whole Marvel controversy book is
they're selling less books now or
they're selling less whatever physical
books but they're selling more digital
books because you know that's the thing
that exists now but no one likes buying
physical media anymore but they're doing
well in the digital market and really
the amount of books they sell doesn't
matter because they're ebooks now are
nothing but test markets for future
movies or TV properties so that Marvel
doesn't care about books anymore that's
true yeah they care about they care
about pilot episodes for their movies
and TV properties
that's all they really care about Oh
secret discovered Texas panhandlers is
rich what no it doesn't say rich at all
it says Star Trek the motion picture is
a great flick and worthy of a review
it's a fantastic sci-fi story with Star
Trek trappings it's definitely a
favorite Star Trek movie for me okay
I like Star Trek the motion picture yeah
is that your favorite no Star Trek
movies anything overall or at the Khans
a better movie mm-hmm I know you're fond
of the motion picture it's in the spirit
of Star Trek weird science thing
discovery unknown what's out there you
know yeah now we got to blow up the
thing
do I need to get all on the digital
train now everyone's on the digital
train now Wow most people are on the
digital train every once in a while I
miss I miss not having like a physical
book you know every once in a while it's
like oh right I would like to turn
actually physically turn pages but but
then I just remember that I have
everything I could ever want on you know
a computer or an iPad I can have every
piece of entertainment ever made on my
phone at this exact moment so I'm gonna
be okay with not having to physically
turn pages
let's see here brick Yeager says hi rich
didn't see it regards see what regards
to what that's it it says hi rich didn't
see it regards what brick Yeager said
this yeah and it regards is one word do
you know any do you know anything about
it regards no great that's all I got so
I got an anonymous is hey rich hey hey
yo okay that's a fun jokey comment about
you and anime how do you forget it
alright it's a fun joke comment about
you and animated let's see here ali raza
says hi jack if you like kung fu hustle
you should watch god of cookery
it's an early Stephen Chow film Kung Fu
meets Iron Chef it's our Thanksgiving
tradition and as always thanks for the
shirt ok yeah I like Stephen Cho he's
the guy that kung fu hustle and Shaolin
Soccer and the good the bad the weird I
think he did a kids movie too right did
he do it he did a kids movie I could use
use the potion oh not yet oh I had the
heart this room permanently gives you
the ability to grow Klima believe Ines
tickle tickle
you've you've got the the achievement
tickle tickle rich you got you got the
tick there we go there you go nice nice
job well done
not really what shit are we done
well shittily done you mean basically
your ass got saved by a magic item what
but you've got that magic item in the
first place oh you know that's good on
you paid for it oh okay so you so you
know part finding it part paying for it
so so you you bought the win I earn the
money by killing monsters you're like
the Yankees of this game yeah you bought
the victory congratulations are you
making a baseball joke I did make a
baseball job what I don't disapprove but
I find that I find that unusual it's an
unusual behavior it's unusual behavior
for me absolutely but I think it's it's
wildly known it's widely known that the
Yankees spend a lot of money on their
talent and so that's true I know I don't
know much about baseball but I know
that's the joke to be made so krojack
you're pro I do what I can
can I get done next
come on oh come on Oh 22 cells gone
I'm so sorry rich huh farted says hey
guys I've had the worst week at work I
came home opened YouTube and watched two
men debate on why one of them couldn't
snap their fingers thank you for giving
me a better perspective on life no but I
call that a debate I can't snap my
fingers I think I think I want an entire
video dedicated to to meet training you
on how to snap your fingers you say that
until you can snap your fingers and
realize how office awesome it is it's
great it's great just a snap all day
wrench you get arthritis huh you're
gonna get arthritis no you're gonna be
able to you're gonna be able to do some
anything you can go to the dance club
now and go to the dance nap along with
all the other with all the other hey
daddy-o's
yeah rich rich rich doesn't understand
the importance of snapping but I feel
like once he gets there as soon as he
snaps once he'll understand how cool it
is let's see we got here brick Yeager
says hi jack heads up for guarding 2d
glasses I don't see 3d because of health
issues and the 3d movies still look like
shit they they often apparently if you
use the 2d glasses they often make the
background blurry in efforts to boost
the stereoscopic 3d effects ah shit I
just gotta wait till they stop making
those dumbass 3d movies hate them they
look like garbage somebody's fall safe
from any height
test it out yeah I could never do that
like rich can't snap his fingers I can't
do the whistle where you put your
fingers in your mouth have you ever been
able to do that it's it's always
fascinated me how people can do that
I've also never spent any large amount
of time trying to do that so maybe I
could what the big broadsword god damn
it give me a nice sword nope
let's see here future future J says in
your story about being in the same
theater for spider-man it was mentioned
that Mike hurried off to avoid being
recognized in public is there a story
behind this for Mike no he just wants to
be left alone yeah that's the story it's
great story so he was uncomfortable when
they just shockingly shy about that yeah
I mean he barely likes talking to us can
you imagine someone else yeah also I
know it's it's important to go and film
the episode as soon as you're out of the
movie so you can start editing it right
away to get it up as soon as humanly
possible and so I'm sure that was the
other part of him was if I get caught up
talking to you guys I'm we're not gonna
be able to start filming as soon as I
would like
and you never really want to talk about
the thing you're gonna talk about on
film before you start filming or else
you might say something really funny and
wasted that yeah magic moment that you
could have on camera because you know we
don't have scripts like that well that's
the thing is I kind of you know if you
if you have a funny thing to say or if
you have an insightful thing to say or
just something that that'll get a
reaction out of the other person you
never want to waste that reaction
off-camera
