Episode 161
Skyway to Hell!!!(Part 2)
September 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex4CKKVsld0
___________________________________________

hey guys I want to talk a bit about tobe
Hooper may he rest in peace what's your
favorite film of his we guys do a life
force review if not will you do a review
of one of his other films tobe Hooper
director of Texas Chainsaw Massacre
amongst other things I didn't know that
either it would probably mean Texas
Chainsaw Massacre is an important horror
film I think I think that was no it's
been recently confirmed I know a lot of
people credit him with poltergeist but
hasn't that been recently confirmed that
Spielberg took over yeah a lot has been
confirmed as the rumor I want to say
that recently that has been confirmed
that's always been the rumor that
Spielberg just took over and tobe Hooper
had his name on it but
yeah rich is still learning the game but
it's a fun game and yeah is good but
yeah whether or not we do a review on it
I don't I actually don't know we could
for the we could probably at least
probably Jay and I could to have a
decent conversation about Texas Chainsaw
Massacre because Jay is such a horror
fan and I think it's really important as
an independent film but uh I don't know
we'll see
we will see let's see here roto Tam says
Jack you mentioned Tim and Eric there's
a ten-year anniversary special tonight
at midnight I'm hella pumps I can't
thank you guys enough for the content
wish I could give you more hey we just
appreciate you watching yes
yeah there's an awesome show 10-year
reunion special tonight on Adult Swim
Tim and Eric awesome show
fantastic programming all the time maybe
you should just do the objective and
land I don't know what am I getting out
of extra stuff you just get extra money
and then you you can use that money to
upgrade your weapons and buy new stuff
so it's up to you
you're right now you're still getting
comfortable it took me a few missions
just to kind of get that flow of it I'd
say like finish the mission and then
maybe explore some of the other planes
some of the other weapons see if you
like a combination better so
tim and eric' good no Jake just no I
think Tim and Eric is fantastic I love
it I love the awesome show I think that
you they do they do comedy they do
comedy like not a lot of people do have
you watched a million billion dollar
movie I have watched a billion dollar
movie and it's you know it's it's a
thing I'm not gonna say it's good but
you know it's a thing it's a tim and
eric' thing that's what it is and he's
also eric is also really fantastic on
master of none I just like him as a
comedic actor have you watched all the
billion dollar movie I have watched all
the billion dollar movie it had its moat
it was it felt too much like a like a
bloated episode instead of its own thing
it felt too much like a bloated episode
of the awesome show and not like its own
thing but it had its moments
it had its really realize you're doing
it rich you're doing it all right now
fresh it down that one we ship then the
drone stopped coming right
sometimes reinforcements can come well
I'm assuming they're coming for the one
ship you can shoot down which I'm not
seeing yeah maybe uh some land Tigers
huh
yeah so you can either shoot the boat or
the I think he has a missile launcher on
his boat to you're too far away you only
have a range of 500 on that and you see
it's like 700 600 now
nice whoa was brain candy Andy going I
love the kids in the home yeah I loved
kids in the hall I remember being let
down by brain candy so let's compare and
contrast brain candy two billion dollar
movie brain candy was its own thing and
what I will compare it to is do remember
as it got later in the seasons of kids
in the hall and they started making like
absurdist sketches like to do that well
I'd like to you remember like sausages
like the the sausage short or or the
roadkill short do you remember that one
after a while they made these absurdist
sketches that weren't really sketches
they were like short films that were
just weird kind of for the sake of weird
and I put brain candy more akin to those
guys they were great they were great I
loved kids in the hall and I I think
it's the movie did its own thing which
oh what's that just a different display
don't like no well there Oh different
way to switch your weapons okay
ride the like the beard sketch that was
a great one summer beard
whoa so I think you know brain candy can
be applauded for doing its own thing
it's not necessarily funny as it is
weird but it has its moments it's still
kids in the hall and I still on it I
still love it
well Marie really takes a pounding on
them yeah like there I got some weapons
that are specifically an air-to-ground
weapons that Wilmer delayed him that's
great it's great yeah let's see here
Dylan not Dylan says my most
supernatural experience when I was a kid
my dad had a weight bench one night I
went to talk to him but saw he was
lifting so I left as I turned around he
walks in with groceries the bench was
empty
did it attendant intend to do that's my
best X Files
yeah that's creepy
Jesus nice incoming reinforcements and
coming reinforcements I don't know if I
have any thoughts in Texas Chainsaw
Massacre too because I don't know if I
actually saw it
I'm sure Jay loves a lot of things Jay
loves a lot of things I actually don't
know if I got around to seeing Texas
trains on that script or Hannah I think
we're heading back up we've blown enough
up heading back to base do it oh here we
see you heading back to base Roger Roger
Rabbit
keep your six clear and happy flying
evil lord david says hey guys
David your blaspheming in on Pascal's
wager I read a nice thing be as good a
person as you can any just God would be
satisfied with that and any who aren't
wouldn't be worth your worship that's
just a nothing worth burning in hell for
eternity it's just a nice thing written
patrician God isn't necessarily a nice
God just let the nice thing happen he
said a nice thing we're supposed to go
yeah we're all good people if you're a
good person maybe it'll be nice you
can't you can't just let a good
variation
you can't just the lion will go away
can't just let a good thing hey I am
just going you'd be a good person he's
just saying like wouldn't it be nice if
everyone was nice to each other yes yes
it would be nice if everyone was nice to
each other you launched you didn't
switch your will you anything chimp
great that's fine switch anything no
because you get different weapons and
it's fine it's fine okay great
that's great it's fine you know what
it's fine I'm gonna blow up the ship
yeah you camp up the ship you have to
take out the that's how I'm gonna blow
up that ship jack okay great
fine that's right Mauri Mauri afforded
to imagine all the people
keep our you in first place keep
thinking right trigger yeah oh cool
I keep thinking right trigger will fire
my weapons ah
you figured a wrong man
you figured wrong how did you get in the
first person mode I hit the select
button in the back button I'm wearing on
the fucking I want to call up in this
controller no cool oh nice one Jack
missed that Beatles reference no I got
the John Lennon reference cuz it was a
reference to the John Lennon song
imagine which is not a Beatle song
where's the raw cockpit what bush there
were like an actual cockfight oh yeah
that make it seem that would look nice
in a little control panel you know that
would look nice
all of those ah who's my favorite
Backstreet Boy that's a great question
Joey fat one it's great oh look hey you
know what you took it out look at that
you you completed your mission rich you
did it I need a cop any I want cockpit
around me yeah we need that's what we
need
Senate send a message to will send a
message to the devs right now do it
right now Jack right I'm done and sent
we just sent the demo and he said he's
working on it devs working on it you
know I don't much care for gentlemen
well but I'll be honest with you as far
as the Beatles are concerned I've always
been a McCartney family I would much I'd
much rather listen to wings over John
Lennon's solo stuff but that's just me
everyone has a different opinion
whoa nice nice dodge roll nice dodge
roll Paul's great are the gray okay good
nice I'm glad you got I mean you know
also George Harrison he had some yeah
that kid had some chops mission complete
no I did not see Paul at Summerfest last
year I've never seen him live it be need
to but I don't really care that much I
don't I don't like generally speaking I
don't like going to like the big
amphitheater shows because you know you
can't get good seats and at that point
like they're probably not gonna do
anything super exciting I like I like
the small shows I wanna I want to be I
want to be up front but I also don't
want to pay money to be up front you
know that's why I like go to the smaller
shows all this game is missing is an
announcer I don't know if this game
needs an announcer drone seven six
o'clock decimated you're on a cuckoo
cuckoo cake you'll streak that probably
wouldn't do good things in this game
probably Ringo all the way you're just
saying that because you know why are you
saying that I don't think Ringo all the
way is the way to go it is weird that
you don't have a cockpit view yeah
that's this seems like a half-finished
idea here I'd settle for a half-assed
one I think that's what we're getting is
the half-assed no no and likes just some
polygon things that vaguely resemble a
cockpit sure sure cuz like also the
missiles come halfway into the screen
like they don't have that screen I think
the intention was to have a hat was to
have a cockpit and they never got around
to it games got to be released yo
yeah just take just tape a cockpit to
your screen absolutely what I don't even
know what you're talking about I don't
even know what you cut talking about my
brother wants your thoughts on Adam
Wingard Death Note movie have you seen
it will you see it from what I've heard
from Jays Twitter is that it's a fine
movie and it's not great so I'm probably
not gonna see it yeah like he said it's
not great and it's not as bad as
everyone says it is and and that means
it's gonna be middling and I just don't
care that much I don't care that much
about middling movies there's too many
good movies to see and I don't whoa slow
down too much
do you think there will ever be a band
as famous or as big as the Beatles no
probably not
I bet I bet if you look at like are the
Beatles the best-selling with population
increasing probably already happened
well that's that was relatively as big
or is influential probably not yeah well
that's what I was gonna ask like if
we're talking about just record sales
that's probably happened already another
another band has probably outsold them
right Michael Jackson probably did oh
absolutely but no we will never see
another band like the Beatles because
now our we have too much access to music
whereas people didn't have that back in
the day yeah it's fun
there's too much music everywhere and
everyone has access to all the music all
the time and so we're not going to get
that that laser focus that we got with
the Beatles
this one one pass job one one fucking
pass for what kill was think the whole
thing in one pass not gonna happen
why don't you love oh is that it oh okay
then it's gonna happen definitely
you can do it rich I believe in you oh
my god and Plus you stall out again
nice yeah I think it like you know this
this goes back to a lot of what it might
call it in the Star Trek the blurring
effects this a lot of like the Beatles
it's a there we have access to too much
music now and we're never gonna get of
the Beatles again
but that's okay there's not anything
wrong with that because there's still
good music being made and that's all
that matters there's still good music
being made save it as a lock on around
so if it says fire-and-forget that's
lock on alright but you need to be
concerned with weight here
yeah and so the one here go to your
micro so that is 20 and 20 so now go to
the other one that's 20 and 30 so you
won't be able to lose weight avionics I
think its payload I don't know what avi
Oh actually maybe you can be one of
ammunition okay I don't know I don't
know exactly how it works I don't know I
could go my whole fucking life without
ever hearing again about how great the
goddamn deals were even if you don't
like the Beatles music which I don't
like a lot of it like I enjoy their
early like rock and roll stuff but as
soon as they started getting arty and
flowerpower E I kind of tuned them out
but that's a great question you don't
unlock them here but if you want to
upgrade them you can but you like even
if you don't like their music you have
to acknowledge their influence on
literally every one every how do we
upgrade the actual ship okay go back go
back and go to Aero lab and then go to
the ship and you don't have enough money
okay you only have 650 dollars and you
need at least 2000
wellthanks fighter pants guy thanks for
subscribing Elvis Presley vs Michael
Jackson who is bigger Michael Jackson
probably probably you know once again
we're talking population we're talking
amount you know how easy it was to sell
records but Elvis did have more movies
you're right but Kida win thank you for
subscribing where we were offline we're
okay with that Elvis had more number-one
hits I think that Michael Jackson I
don't know about that that might have to
be a Google question in fact I'm gonna
Google that right now one number one
hits Elvis vs. Michael Jackson I'm
googled it the only male artist to have
achieved more than 15 chart toppers is
Elvis Presley who attained seventeen
according to Billboard Mariah Carey
holds the record for solo artist with
the most number one songs with 18
interesting that's a great little
factoid there let's see here
what did Michael Jackson do Michael
Jackson actually for number one hits is
in 4th place with 13 so it's Mariah
Carey Elvis Rihanna then Michael Jackson
according to this Wikipedia article
Elvis Presley's number one oh no I'm
sorry Mariah Carey is number one then
Elvis then Rihanna
then Michael Jackson but Michael
Jackson's fourth place with 13 does not
include his four number ones with the
Jackson 5 so if you include his Jackson
5 work
he beats out Elvis for number one who's
number two Rihanna so I really want to
upgrade alright alright I think I get
that I'm getting it
so imperio so no man if you include the
Jackson 5 in Michael Jackson's work
Mariah Carey still beats him by 1 with
18 then Michael Jackson with a little
coffee out of with the Jackson 5 at 17
then you have Elvis Presley at 15 and
Rihanna at 14 semi-active what's that Oh
guided semi-active at that honor anyway
precision guided bomb interesting
I think the Jackson 5 totally cuts I
think so too cuz obviously he was he was
the voice of the Jackson 5 so I'm gonna
count it but that's a lot closer than I
would have thought him and Elvis four
number ones which is interesting I like
that you know what that's why Google is
an amazing thing now now we're gonna
check this out ready who sold more
records who sold more records Elvis or
Michael Jackson list of best-selling
music artists interesting
okay you ready for this yeah Elvis vs.
Michael Jackson who do you think sold
more well the elbows has had more time
after his death he probably sold a lot
of them so I'm actually gonna go with
all this you're actually gonna go with
Elvis you would be correct you would be
correct acclaimed sales is six hundred
to five hundred million for Elvis
Presley and Michael Jackson has three
hundred to three hundred and fifty
million somewhere in that range
it's not as precise as you would think
both however they're number two and
three so the question is who's the best
selling artists of all time the Beatles
The Beatles according to this Wikipedia
article is the best selling artists of
all time with a claimed 500 to 600
million
well Michael Jackson fuck to Lisa Marie
so boom right there you go that's all
you need that's right Michael Jackson
was making money off of the Beatles oh
it is it doesn't really matter he bought
the rights to bunch of Beatles music
there's Paul McCartney awesome fierce of
course cuz Paul McCartney's alone I gave
him the idea yeah but uh I might buy
some music go to buy some music that's a
good way to make money as an artist
anyone can edit the Wikipedia that's
true but you know what I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna trust it Wikipedia is
generally trustworthy so Beatles Elvis
Michael Jackson rich Evans if you had to
take a wild guess at who was number four
under Michael Jackson I know it could be
anyone and any time you give me a hint
give me an era most well-known for the
80s Madonna Madonna that was gonna be my
guess without the head nice guess miss
Madonna is the number four best-selling
artist then it takes a little bit of a
left turn rich yeah who do you got for
number five who do you got for number
five
a boy band NSYNC so you know what that's
a fine guess yeah not even close huh
that's mail oh one mail it's one mail
one individual mail probably turn you're
gonna say I'm gonna say girth Brooks Oh
excellent guesses well but no no I'll
say his best era is is probably known
for the 70s Johnny Cash I don't know Sir
Elton John sir
first of all Crocodile Rock is a great
song Benny and the Jets is a great song
probably two-thirds of all these sales
are The Lion King soundtrack yeah Elton
sir Elton's been knighted rich shit I'm
not British he'll protect the realm from
dragons if they come back that's his
whole deal I really like Elton John
especially his old is old wacky tunes
oh right fucking candle in the wind that
was everywhere twice that was everywhere
twice candle in the wind we're using
numbers to define oh no we're just it
just gives us something to talk about I
think it's interesting Elton John is not
someone who I would think of as a chart
topper as a Sales Leader and then after
that you have Led Zeppelin and Pink
Floyd four six and seven
and then but below them actually you get
Rihanna and Mariah Carey
so Rihanna and my Mariah Carey have more
number ones but less sales very
interesting I like it I like it
I just like it the fact that all this
information is right at our fingertips I
I enjoy Elton John I enjoy his music
especially his old like I said his old
goofy tunes
yeah the Rolling Stones didn't appear
until what way down the lists
number one bait yeah number one based on
radio plays that's that's billboard the
Billboard Top 100
so we're IANA and Mariah Carey they got
the hits they got the hits that they
play on the radio but they don't
necessarily make the sales and of course
the Beatles and Elvis Presley have been
around for you know three decades longer
making music so I got a little bit of a
I got a little bit of a head start a
little bit of a head start let's say
well we got here's Zach of the axises
have you seen vitality verse Vitaly
Versace's amazing trivia show are you
smarter show are you smarter than a hot
dog you can easily find it through
Google and it plays out like a fever
dream
no Versace film I we've seen a couple
other advert Ali Versace films and you
know we stopped when we got to the
exploitative ones yeah they got they
took a weird turn they took a turn where
we were we became uncomfortable watching
them good old we became uncomfortable
watching that and we made it through
psycho from Texas yeah like we've made
it through a lot
but yeah he it became a little - yeah
that that one gun that just shoots the
one little powerful it's powerful but
it's weird it's hard to aim
let's see here sister Li like a railgun
or something yeah yeah I kind of like it
it's powerful I like that but I'd much
rather like there are missiles that are
more powerful sister Ling says hey rich
yeah yeah do you like pop culture things
that I like no great Jack have you ever
seen other pop culture things I like
probably love you both forever and ever
thanks to Sperling pop culture thing
yeah I know new Game of Thrones is
tonight I'll probably end up watching it
I probably end up you know feeling the
same way about it that I always do like
I said I think these later seasons have
been better and better mostly because
they're finally coming to an end so they
have to tie up all of these loose ends
and they always just hung on that white
screen for a long time but but you know
I'll tell you the the whole Daenerys and
Jon Snow thing getting a little creepy
getting a little creepy I know that they
don't know I try not try not to do too
many spoilers but I know they don't know
but we know and so it's getting a little
weird you know for those of you who know
you know incest thing is a tiny bit of
an interesting which is like all over
Game of Thrones and they don't know that
they're related but we as an audience
know that they are and they haven't done
anything but like they're making googly
eyes at each other you know they're
making enough googly eyes where I think
it might happen and it's just like you
don't want it to cuz then you're like
they're the good guys and like ah like
the bad guys doesn't ever let them be
blissfully ignorant
that's a happy ending no because then
you know like because here's the thing
one of the defining traits of our main
villains of the show is their incestuous
relationship yeah
Cersei and her brother are super hot for
each other and so like you can't relate
traits of the bad guy to traits of the
good guys yeah autocannons not bad jack
it's just tricky to aim tricky Dame I
think you have to be a badass oh shit
that's just fine if you're a badass
yep shit rich then you do it man you do
it
redneck of Thrones absolutely No
well you do it you go fast great you did
it you did it rich can it be wrong if it
feels so right no like I said
technically speaking it's not weird
because they don't know but but you know
we know I think she's his aunt that's
how it works out oh yeah don't forget
about your yeah earn your flairs when
there's enemy Locker oh yeah when
there's incoming missiles you can shoot
off your flares
rich do you like Mass Effect one or two
better they suck they all suck
they've been ruined retro actively stop
asking me about the fucking series you
kind of knew that like you guys kind of
knew what that that was the answer to
that
yeah we kill oh thank you hack button
Thank You beefcake BT boo boom yes what
okay great
oh the guy saw it and I thought I had
forgotten for a moment about the whole
Mass Effect thing I thought we might get
a genuine answer out of rich but he
doesn't feel like talking that is the
genuine answers fine genuine answers I
believe they have retro actively been
ruined by the third one that is the
genuine answer fair that's fair death
John says rich recently been playing
classic doom for the first time in 15
ish years aside from brutal doom any
mods you'd recommend a project
brutalities not bad hmm there's
something I haven't tried yet it looks
neat doom for doom 4 do before for doom
doom 4 for doom is I think what it's
called all right they kind of makes some
of the old enemy sprites look a little
bit more like they do in the new game
they altered the weapons and I I think
they added in like glory kills similar
oh ok that's fun I haven't tried that
one yet
it looks need the the only problem I was
watching a bit of your project brutality
stream when I was cutting it up for
YouTube yeah I just don't know if I
could deal with all those options that's
arguably one of the issues I write brows
I was watching you go through every end
like you could tweak every single one
it's like I just want to play the game
it's a good problem there's a good
problem it's intimidating for for a new
player I guess is what I'm saying
doom for for doom yes that's AB I might
have the name wrong I think it's
something like that though I think it's
doom for for doom sure and then there's
a you know the more the first
mine's they had four doom was the aliens
total conversion but I think somebody
recently updated that one a bit this
isn't like a newer doom aliens mod that
I played around with pretty neat where
you fight the Xenomorphs yeah surely
they give you like a weapons like they
had in the Alien movies oh oh cool
that's mean
badly ins have the acid blood it's need
cool but oh no you pick it up where you
left off yeah I didn't finish the
mission though is I do that you probably
have to redo that mission
what do you have to press the unpause I
don't mean the pause button again it's
really easy to quit possibly too easy
possible what you have here is a game
developer who had a good idea for a game
but maybe not not so good with the user
interface pull-up bra let's see here
Gately capably says the hexagonal
landscape reminds me of an SNES game my
dad used to play reminds me of just a
classic flight simulator honestly into
the wee hours of the morn called super
conflict
he offered me $100 to learn to play
because the iiiii was too easy I refused
what kind of child were you to refuse
$100 at any point
is my question to you gay plea I know
kids don't understand the value of money
that much but a hundred bucks favorite
dance move
you know I'll revert to the Running Man
pretty pretty steadily I'd say everyone
likes a good running man
super hexagon four sticks four is a
fantastic game it's one of those games
that justifies itself on the iPhone like
it was a game clearly designed for
mobile play you know it's simple easy
controls super hexagon is a fantastic
fucking game I have I've been easily
hypnotized by that several times whoa
Terry Cavanagh in general I think he's a
fantastic game designer I make sure I
follow his work we played that a tiny
heist of his that was a recent game of
his eye I liked a lot of his work Terry
Cavanagh damn I Jack did you watch them
mayweather mcgregor fight no I don't
care about sports and I care less about
watching millionaires beat the crap out
of each other
these are fine things they just didn't
see cable oh you know what I actually
I'll take that back
I think it actually would be really fun
to watch millionaires beat the crap out
of each other if they weren't trained
fighters this every professional athlete
is a millionaire I know what I'm saying
is I want guys in suits dragged off the
streets and forced to fight like bankers
wouldn't that be great
sure sure I sneak $2,000 to upgrade this
shit why you can do it here's here's
okay here's my pitch yep here's my pitch
for the entertainment of the masses yep
once you once you have an income greater
than 1 million dollars you can check an
IRS box to get like a tax rebate but
then you are automatically enrolled into
the millionaire Fight Club and at any
point they can grab you off the street
and force you to fight another
millionaire
and they would they would use the
proceeds from people watching the fight
until you know help pay for probably
millionaires to give us money fight this
is what I'm saying no I'm just saying
you know like they get something out of
it too cuz they'd get a decent tax break
and you know there's enough people
involved where they probably wouldn't
get picked but we get the enjoyment of
watching them fight millionaire Fight
Club I think no not to the death not
fight to the death like a normal fight
I'd say bare-knuckle brawl though like a
UFC style you get the kick you get to
you get the punch
and of course we would have to have some
sort of millionaire Fight Club
Commission to make sure that the
millionaires are of equal physical
prowess like you know we wouldn't hit an
old man against a young buff dude you
know yeah make it fair but you know just
watch dudes and suits fight each other
like you pull it you pull a guy off the
tennis court he's got his his uh his
polo shirt and white shorts and he pull
another guy right out of the office he's
got a suit and tie just force him to
fight I think it'd be great yeah Elon
Musk versus Richard Branson Richard
Branson though he's not a US citizen
though so I don't know if he could if it
count for him but what I'm saying like
they have some fun with it have some fun
for everybody
what's in it for the millionaires they
already got money they get tax rebates
so they get to keep more of their money
so they get more money which is an
incentive for them and it's a voluntary
to sign up for it if you don't want the
tax bracket that's the tax break that's
fine this is based on the stereotype
that millionaires are yuppie white men
not necessarily yuppie white men but
just yuppies I feel like a lot of
millionaires are yuppies
I'm not making any generalizations based
off of their skin color but yuppies and
you would have you would have a male you
know men's and women's division of
course like we're not just talking about
men fighting you know what we want we
want foxy boxing
- millionaire foxy boxing I feel
exactly Jack trigger joins the Oprah
versus Hillary Clinton just let him go
at it be great
Zuckerberg versus a very wealthy polar
bear what now how do you stop the
millionaire's from coming to agreement
that they won't hurt each other if they
don't fight we retro actively take all
that taxable income or you have people
on the on the sidelines poking them with
with with stun rods I'm not saying this
is my best idea ever but I think it's
pretty good but no I just don't care
about the fight I heard it was I heard
it was a decent fight I know everyone
was concerned beforehand that I was
gonna be another one of those like one
round three seconds in knockouts but up
it went ten rounds I hear that's great
to the surprise of apparently some
people the guy who had the history of
boxing won the boxing match so and the
guy who didn't have a boxing background
did not win the boxing match so it is
what it is I'm not into sports or boxing
in particular button
mal rascal says Irish got tired yeah
that's what it sounded like but yeah you
know hopefully people got their money's
worth it was like a hundred bucks
pay-per-view oh yeah you are done
you are so done let's see here
cane hand Christ says why does rich know
off-the-cuff the names of so many Seagal
movies yeah well because their names are
so delightfully absurd yes
yes they are don't press a prone to
violence
don't press a I want one called prone to
violence is that I wanted to come out of
retirement prone cuz it's a perfect
Seagal movie name they never used
but what did you do to them this is
operation all awesome vulture by the way
it's like it xlab what is that this head
on the ground or is that in the I don't
know what nice lab as 1x lab PDI sir is
your way to browse this may be like a
list that I can scroll through probably
not oh my god
the hats awful alright that's not
helpful at all
it'll be fine I don't I don't know what
an air lab is X lab is that's operation
Dumbo drop absolutely that's great
analysis will you guys play another one
of the Sierra adventure games I love the
police quest streams I'd like to do
Space Quest too
I think that'd be good I'd be a good one
to do it took up two engines on one pass
that autocannon nice rich that you know
those nights are tough though because
like we really have to be in the mood
because there's a lot of voice work a
lot of just a lot of a lot of shit but
I'd like to do I think that'll be our
next one is like a Space Quest Space
Quest - oh yeah that has a fall off
Space course three is better you know I
like I like playing things
chronologically chronologically I know
and we have to play Diddy Kong first
which means I need to find it in ten to
64 before Wednesday so we can make
another attempt at this we have a couple
used video game stores here in nice here
in town oh shit that was a lot of money
for that yeah are we ever gonna go back
to Phoenix right I don't know I think if
we were going to do another voice heavy
stream I'd much prefer to do it I'm not
doing as much puzzle solving in Phoenix
right as I would have liked that's I was
hoping for more logic puzzles unless I
don't know look for all of the dialogue
trees yeah agreed
I'm a little bit disappointed yeah yeah
well I think what you're looking for is
like is a professor layton maybe
professor layton has a lot of like a ton
of really fun logic puzzles and then you
know it's intercut with a little bit of
dialogue maybe should give Professor
Layton a try I love those games those
those are fun games
oh I got greedy I totally got greedy
that's alright something I lose the
money too
I don't know actually do your ship
upgrades that you buy last or does that
permadeath where they go away - oh these
are all great questions oh you get to
choose what we research next though I
don't know I can tell you like I bought
upgrades for one ship like I upgraded
the missiles on one ship and those
missiles were not upgraded on my other
ship so puzzle agent no puzzle agent is
a bad game I played then I did not like
puzzle agent at all
it had stupid baby puzzles and I hated
the story
I got puzzle agent because I enjoyed
Professor Layton and someone recommended
it to me and I absolutely hated it
stupid baby puzzles
let's see here
desert fox as hey rich hi jack I know
you've mentioned previously that you
don't watch many other youtubers but
have you seen any internet comment
etiquette would highly recommend what I
assume the name of the show is internet
comment etiquette and I know I've never
even heard of it I'm sorry
so no I don't know I have not know I
don't know you're talking about
interceptor
yeah this is no man sky
Casper cat pens this is the the new
upgrade to no man's sky they really
changed it up it's no longer about
pointlessly explore on the the cosmos
it's just about dogfighting in one area
it's pretty great split atom so says so
what does this game all about this is it
you're it's it's just a procedurally
generated flight sim dogfight sim you go
around you blow stuff up you get gun
upgrades it's kind of great for what it
is I think I got it on say it was like
15 bucks and like we're still doing the
missions there there's an endless mode
that we're not doing in we're just doing
the weird missions but I mean you know
I'd love a little more content but it's
pretty it's pretty neat so far
candy for crows I appreciate the tip
Thank You fighter-bomber I can't fit a
fucking bomb on here though I want some
bombing capabilities Jack well you can
swap out a different thing for it you
have to you have to make choices and you
know these are the tough choices you
have to make rich
hope you didn't mind these a different
set of weapons on the top that's so
weird
no I don't know I don't know rich
it's still on sale on Steam oh great
yeah it's 15 bucks right now pretty neat
pretty neat little game I'll tell you
what I like the look of it I think I'm
gonna play this some more huh now you're
playing you go ahead and I gotta I had a
decent run there I bought it I can play
it at home
did you long as you or do you buy this
for me did I miss Diddy Kong Racing no
Kellogg's cornflakes nice fall out there
rich no our going theory is that when my
n64 was used as a prop for half in the
bag
mic broken that's the going theory right
now which i think is a pretty decent
theory so we do unfortunately we do not
have a functional Nintendo 64 at the
time I will try to find one for the for
the Wednesday stream is the best like is
that's the best I can do is try to find
one Lucas Ducas did you see that episode
did Mike really mess it up Mike threw it
on the concrete floor after smashing a
VHS tape cartridges oh okay yeah all
right then Mike definitely broke my
Nintendo 64 and didn't necessarily tell
me about it
because I brought it back home and have
been storing it nicely thinking that I
could play it at any time for fuck's
sake
right
I will I will make Mike aware like I
will buy a new one but I will make Mike
aware that he broke my Nintendo 64 and
he will probably repay me by making sure
that the fridge is stocked with beer
like he always does Jack you and rich
were in that half in the bag at least
the opening bit you two came in a second
after Mike threw the n64 on the floor
that doesn't mean we filmed it at the
same time different camera angles can be
filmed at different times so Mike
probably filmed that bit earlier or
later or I don't know maybe I did
remember it or maybe I was there but I
forgot about it
I don't remember it is what I'm saying
break the wheel as revenge I will not
break the wheel as revenge because the
person that will hurt more than Mike is
rich rich spent a lot of time building
it I think it looks great it works great
and if I break the wheel who has to
remake it is it Mike no no that's my
friend rich Evans I don't want to put a
rich through that you're welcome
break his legs no I won't no I'll just
I'll just make him aware that that n64
oh what I got new ships
you got some transforming wings
huh they usually don't stream on Monday
that's true we don't usually stream on
Monday and why what's going on on Monday
why would you think we would be
streaming on Monday I think someone just
asked a question I don't know I don't
know yeah I'm gonna basically my rallies
don't have a lock on us oh yeah but this
one does major damage if you can hit it
it fucks I think you're too far away for
those oh no they have 800 feet you don't
have to walk on them oh sure yeah it's
fucking shit up
are there any drinks you like more than
beer mo no I love beer the most you know
I would I would never turn down a
whiskey and coke you know Jack and Coke
is a fantastic beverage oh you know
gimlets are nice drinks I enjoy a nice
red wine now there's many things that I
like but nothing nothing quite nothing
quite beats a beer Oh
oh you know what that's sad that's
satisfying the little you see the little
damaged things pot flying off of them um
I'm sorry candy for crows I'm just not
gonna I'm just not gonna but like you
know I appreciate it
but yeah it's gonna give him the whole
thing dr. pepper is better than a root
beer is better than coke ah I don't
think I'm a big duck to put the fan I'm
gonna be honest with you
quatre when sure yeah there's that
there's that grapefruit rod ler with gin
that I love but that's beer you know
that's a did you beat the mission
already yeah cash is important well you
have that super lock-on missile for that
that'd be great for taking out
ground forces
after a long time I determined that I
don't like Dr Pepper I know endocrine I
like a lot of people like it I've never
had much of a taste for it fine it's
fine it's fine
yes okay you know what I also enjoy
unflavored carbonated water rich has no
strong feelings about that but like
Lacroix unflavored carbonated water is a
fantastic beverage for like satiating
that need for something fizzy that
doesn't have any sugar I love that just
you know that over ice will fill the
void for not being able to have beer or
soda it's a great a great placebo
that's a placebo drink that is also not
I would not go see that banned
unflavored carbonated water I don't
think I would see that I don't think
they'd be very good
got any water is a good replacement for
soda it is and you know like like if you
are calorie conscious you know like
right now I've been super hardcore on my
diet and so usually I get the hungriest
mid-afternoon like right around 2 or 3
o'clock it doesn't matter what I eat for
breakfast or lunch but 2 or 3 o'clock
hunger hits me like a motherfucker so if
a big glass of ice with unflavored
carbonated water and it hits the spot
for me
hits the spot for me it's great
no I'm not growing out my hair for
anything fun I just haven't shaved
I just haven't shaved and we have a nice
camera now so you can actually see the
detail that I haven't shaved you can see
my stubble because we have a nice camera
going now and not our normal webcam
yeah so does soda can be dangerous I
think's I think so does a dangerous
thing nice even lard David it needs a
cockpit it's a first-person deal hey you
want me to send another message yes keep
sending them until they do it don't stop
let's see you let's say hey let's find
the Twitter will tweet Adam how about
that between Adam right now what's this
game called sky rogue sky rogue looking
a sky rogue here
who made sky roam people fuckin people
sky wrote a sky rogue official boom I'm
gonna tweet him Adam I'm gonna tweet
Adam it's gonna be great
you know they're gonna love it
cockpit in first-person view we're gonna
tweet at ad at sky rogue game what if we
just haven't found her to somewhere on
the options in the menus Jack we'll look
like idiots what what if we just haven't
found it it's in the option somewhere
Jack we'll look like idiots then they'll
get Lee then they'll be hold off on
tweeting then they'll get back to us and
go it's in the option you idiot and
we'll go thanks
boom tweeted I did it already rich you
can't stop me
I know I can't you can't because I did
it that's the problem huh I know I can't
that's the problem
boom I did it too late
there's workshop for Skyrim that's cool
there's the workshop have a cockpit mod
whoo maybe it's actually it's crazy that
you guys can see my stubble because it's
not that it's not that long that speaks
to the quality of our of our camera
that's great don't look bad on Twitter
it's important I I did say that we are
enjoying the game I said hey we're
enjoying the game but we'd love a
cockpit in first-person view that's
that's a nice thing I'm using my old
Panasonic gh2 with the stock lens hooked
up to our el gato gambling I have some
fancier lenses and unfortunately the the
fancier lenses are oh shit what I think
what is it called when you can't zoom
alright I have a fixed focal length no
that's not it
Kadima what's what's that called
someone's gonna tell me I'm gonna know
right away a prime lens Thank You power
fantasy you're the first it's a all my
fancy lenses are prime lenses which
means you can't change the zoom at all
and and so there's no way to get the
camera far enough away from us to get
both rich and I in the shot so I had to
use the stock lens which just feel very
nice lens but I'd love something with a
lower f-stop so you know we can deal
with some of this lighting issue that we
have going on but a prime lens that's
what it's called
doulas zoom oh I like zoom lens better
so yeah we have the Panasonic gh2 with
an HDMI out into the elgato cam link
which I think is giving us a much nicer
image I just flat-out cannot
ground things with that one missile oh
yeah
which ones this one huh
oh is it an air-to-air
I did not trash talk the game I in fact
I made sure to put in my tweet that we
like the game and that we just want to
communicate it more than anything why do
you hate it we just we do want we just
want it with I agree with rich that a
cockpit would be really nice and
first-person view this is all I'm saying
it was just like one of those hey those
these are the thing we'd like weird of a
cockpit
hitting the wrong button switch weapons
other enemies that actually fight you in
the game yeah a lot yeah I'm just not
fighting those enemies right now I'm
sorry
and then you blew everything out of the
sky and now I get to go nuts yeah but
every once in a while you'll see like a
lock-on warning or a missile warning and
Ritchie's just doing a really good job
High Street CEO
oh yeah blowing up all the things I
could cash oh yeah that's nice
Ezra tally Versace responded to the
review yeah it's something I thought he
had a comment on many on the video yeah
oh I did not see that and hold on is
that everything gonna kill all the
things for Tali Versace commented I did
not know that I'm looking up right now
doctor smoke doctor smoke trees I have
not won any chicken dinners yet I have
now had five second places do you want a
team you got a chicken dinner that
doesn't count I did I did nothing to
contribute to that chicken dinner in
fact I was a hindrance I want a chicken
dinner where I'd do something but I've
come really close to chicken dinners and
I've had a couple of really good runs so
like I my interest is waning again so I
don't know if I'm ever gonna get that
chicken dinner but I want it I want it
hold on I gotta try I gotta find a you
got second place so I got second place
so low a bunch of times and oh it's I've
come so dangerously close I'm looking
for a foot Televisa oh but a Versace
vitaliy Versace says thank you guys good
job with the review I'm not Steven Allen
Spielberg I'm more like Roger William
Corman if you see his films you know
what I mean but thank you for reviewing
one of my first films I directed in 2009
director producer Vitaly Versace Vitaly
Versace that's what he said oh well
that's great and he seems to be in good
spirits about it then yeah and he's
responding to people who are asking him
questions great okay
no that's not there's no drama in there
no no drama
sorry that was it was very nice of him
to be cordial
don't worry my gun here apps 78 says any
chance of Space Quest 2 on Wednesday the
first priority answers in life first
priority is Diddy Kong first priority is
always Diddy Kong in life from now on it
will always be Diddy Kong first if I
cannot find a Nintendo 64 maybe if rich
and I feel like doing voices that I will
give you a strong maybe how about that
Ezequiel jeans we usually stream Sunday
and Wednesday nights generally speaking
I think we try to start somewhere around
6 o'clock Central Time
sometimes we won't get started well you
know we want to start to seven maybe
even eight on some nights but generally
speaking like 6:00 to 10:00 Sunday and
Wednesday nights is the general rule 3
routine Kate we've decided we can't do
the Batman voice stream but we're I
think I'm just gonna do the episode I
just need to find the need to find the
right episode and take it from Rich's
computer and put it on my computer
will there be a stream next weekend
which is a holiday weekend
Oh next weekend is a Labor Day but
that's on Monday right sure sure
every Labor Day is a Monday holiday so
yeah we would probably still stream
Sunday night yeah yeah so ya want some
air-ground hey we own a tag on my tired
around I don't I don't have any I could
fit this plane oh sure I don't know I
don't know slow bomber all right split
atom I have been paying attention to
what's happening in overwatch I'm really
excited about all the mercy changes it
sounds like as someone who plays a lot
of mercy it sounds like they're really
kind of revamping our whole deal a
little bummed that they're getting rid
of the the team res but really
interesting so you know every character
has their super power in overwatch that
builds over time and Mercy's superpower
was anyone within a given radiance you
could revive from death yeah meaning
that if the other team wiped out
everyone else you could say nope and
they're all back alive
they're getting rid of that and instead
doing a a one-person res as a miner
super power and her new super powers
just she gets stronger everything she
does is better but then like over time
she can just revive one person every few
minutes so they're making some very
interesting changes to Mercy and I play
a lot of mercy so once once that gets
out of PT is awful oh my god what
happened that weapon just whipped it
whipped
oh is that the scatter missile oh it's
horrible
look it's horrible it's horrible he's
terrible but in any case yeah I'm really
I'm looking forward to the changes that
they're making and I know they're gonna
I haven't even played doom fists yet and
I heard they're nerfing him for a second
time the man is too powerful and so
it'll be interesting I've really enjoyed
the the the may short the the may ice
caught in the ice short that was
adorable as they all are so I think the
plan is we will be playing some more
overwatch I'll be playing some more
overwatch with you guys when when the
new update comes out with the new mercy
update so
I did not cry but it was it was
heartwarming I enjoy I enjoy all the
shorts I enjoy the fact that they're
adding personality like they're adding
story to this game that they don't shove
down your throat you know and I enjoy
that about it you can choose to go and
want to see all the little story bits if
you want or you can just play the game
and you don't have to worry about the
Stars why would I want a weapon with
zero accuracy that's lethal well doesn't
it goes to all the things that it's
targeted it's just kind of weak right
I'm not noticing and hitting anything I
think it like if you fire it now it'll
go to the two targets I think oh I'd
lose a bit of cash off it's like a
shotgun for missiles yep have a good
night Lucas Ducas thanks for coming back
forget overwatch we want more Barbie
prom queen
fuck yeah we need to get some more
people for another board game stream
last night we had a really fun Settlers
of Catan last night oh yeah rich and
Karen came over last night we had an
awesome Catan seafarers the the
seafarers and won by sticking to the
land I was so close to winning rich I
was the underdog the entire game and I
was finally getting there and I would
have had you but uh the seafarers
version of Catan has this really great
game-mode where you you can sail often
discover islands and it's it's a ton of
fun
nice Settlers is not a terrible game you
are incorrect sir Settlers of Catan
let's break aim fine fine game Catan is
a fine game it's that perfect balance of
you know a little bit of strategy a
little bit of luck oh nice rich thank
you thank you
island searching is high-risk
high-reward and see early in the game I
found both of the gold islands and so I
had settlements on both of the gold
islands but then they weren't rolling
and then I got blockaded and I just I I
was really I was down I was down in the
ranks and all of a sudden my day I
started hitting I built it up so I had
cities instead of settlements and I I
was rolling I built an empire on rock
and wood yes rich had some really good
early luck and some some good really
walk you had some good work I wasn't
done yet I wasn't done yet rich had a
very good foundational strategy of where
to place his early settlements and then
the dice rolls were we know why the dice
was with me though yeah I put my
settlements on numbers that were highly
likely to be landed on I was by a he's
by a by an eighth for the rock ID two
cities on the rock where's eight high
chance of landing I had him on the
psychics which was an equally high
chance of success were rolling I'm
saying I'm saying you had equal part
strategy and luck but the dice were with
you early game sour grapes sure I lost
so much sour grape the benchwarmer I see
you asking me about the Last of Us over
and over I've actually never played The
Last of Us that game from all I know
about it I would absolutely hate it as
it has an emphasis on story over
gameplay it's another cover based
shooter and it does not look like the
kind of game that I would enjoy shooter
it's a lame stealth game but you hardly
notice it because that's only about 25%
of the experience which is all people
talking to each other don't present
right
I hate it and I believe you I can't even
believe you ever played it in the first
place I wouldn't even have given it a
everyone says it was great I gave it a
chance okay
I hate Naughty Dog I think it's just the
thing yeah yeah yeah I don't I don't
like their cinematic experience first
and foremost philosophy yep I hate it
I agree just make a fucking movie right
and by the way that's a that's an an
interesting premise for a movie though
the whole you know fungi zombie thing it
would've been a mediocre movie but a
fine it would mean you're in a movie
that everyone like complain about the
weird mushroom zombies the weird
mushroom zombies that's what we need in
zombie we needed some different zombies
look terrible I know it's terrible
no I didn't we look that up the other
day is like there was a book there was a
book that came out right around the same
time as the Last of Us that also dealt
with this whole mushroom zombie thing
and they must have been in development
at approximately the same time because
they both it was there was very similar
premises don't care I don't care
I played doctor chug but mud I played a
little bit more of the Serge after the
stream and generally enjoyed it but it
got a little repetitive for me I didn't
find the world to be terribly engaging
and so I have not gotten significantly
far now I just I just didn't care to
keep playing so thank you you're
handsome well thanks for watching oh
that was absolutely your fault
absolutely your phone's anonymous thanks
for the tip crane hen Christ says is
this game scratching Rich's x-wing TIE
fighter in yes it is okay good Lenna
flex in skis his thoughts on the
national treasure movies I think they're
neat if you're a fan of history alright
Indiana Jones light with history okay
I've been on a I've been on a Michael
Jackson kick recently and I think baby
be mine and rock my world are underrated
songs I I'm not I'm not sure Michael
Jackson has a bad song I never cared
much for black or white
I could see that being a lesser but it's
not a bad song and then what was the one
he did you know I feel sorry for me way
away I feel sorry for me what was that
one the world's out to get me because I
made myself look like a child molester
what was the name of that song I have no
idea yeah are you talking about they
never really cared about us my I don't
know I don't know that's a good one
that's a good song though they don't
really care about us when I made myself
look like a child molester no I'm sad oh
this definitely not man in the mirror
cuz man in the mirror is one of his
greatest songs Jackie's my birthday
today I would be eternally grateful if
you said happy birthday Eric well I said
it but I'll say it again happy birthday
Eric thanks for watching
we appreciate it hope your day goes well
cuz it's your birthday day actually I
hope other days go well - just cuz you
know in general I think everyone should
have a good day yeah you know what I've
never seen the national treasure movies
first - I don't know why I did you know
I'm generally okay with schlock but I
don't usually go out of my way to see it
maybe I still had TV at that point they
were just I'm sure that could be
give me check I'll get actually give him
a chance though I mean everyone likes
Nicolas Cage everyone that likes Nicolas
Cage crane head to Christ says $5 for
Space Quest - okay I hear you
Oh anonymous says I'm visiting Taiwan
for a week it's my first time traveling
internationally and first time leaving
North America my flight is 13 hours I
don't speak Mandarin and I'm traveling
alone what's your best advice shit dog I
got a travelling advice I don't man
you're on your own I might have some
traveling advices I'm someone who
travels often towards me eh
first of all have a system for people to
you know check in with you if you're
traveling alone because Taiwan does not
have the best what am i what am I trying
to say here people you know the the
thing about Thai you might die is what
I'm saying but also try to find try to
find a place that's not oh my god you're
gonna hit a line it's fine try to find a
place that's not a super touristy place
try to find a place where the locals eat
let's try Obama let's try a slope line
try to find an experience that you can
only get in Taiwan
oh yeah make sure you have the proper a
proper wall charger by the way that's
gonna be really important anytime you
get out of North America they all get
crazy with the wall chargers G shots is
saying go to the mountains there are
monkeys yeah that sounds great yeah and
just like have a constant presence of
where your wallet and shit is because
any time you go to any touristy place
there's pickpockets fuckin everywhere
you know wallet and phone and your front
pockets not in your back pockets or you
know tape them up tape duct tape them to
your gut alright let's try this okay do
it
do it rich do it
let's see Cameron a.m. - two forces love
you guys and rlm keep up the great
entertainment thank you we will try the
two our best no promises
where we're only human
a lot of talking chat about wearing
condoms I think that's just a gender
that's just a good rule in general you
know bud you know if you're gonna go to
Taiwan for something we're gonna be safe
be safe no matter what you're doing I
guess what I'm saying like if you're
gonna go into the mountains with the
monkeys you don't necessarily have to
wear a condom but be safe around the
monkeys and
XCOM - expansion or mario rabbits
we're probably given i'll end up being
pretty interested in both sooner or
later all right
we're probably gonna do the mario
Rabbids game for the next episode as
it's something I feel that we would have
something to say about oh that's a great
one
that's a great missile also be careful
of drinking water that's that's like
when you're traveling a lot of people
just forget to drink enough water and
then you get dehydrated and you get sick
and you feel like crap and you get tired
so make sure you're drinking plenty of
water but you know when you're in a
foreign country go bottled water go
bottled water it will just be safer not
even necessarily there water just
sometimes they have bacteria just that
you're not used to exactly and if you
live there it'd be fine I'm with you and
so yeah it's okay to invest in some
bottled water but also drink plenty of
water when you when you when you go on a
trip and you get like diarrhea or
something it's not necessarily because
their water is bad right you're just not
used to the things in there once it's a
different ecology they have different
bacteria that your body system is not
used to seeing yeah yeah I'm with you
modest glorious says drinking tap water
in Egypt was a bad idea
r.i.p half of that trip yeah yep what
I'm sorry
Len flexes he says spider-man homecoming
or guardians to I would choose spider at
homecoming the both Fred movies I
disagree with no I'm just done just
something I'm just saying I just there's
no point arguing no and I'm not honor I
mean I will try to feel I get as much as
I do
I wasn't trying to argue I was trying
you know there's two of the asked a
question to the both of us and we gave
your answer and I didn't say anything
for your answer my answer I thinks gonna
be fine everything's gonna be fine
hunched back Jack's is hijack and rich
I bought the witness on a steam sale and
have been playing it a lot if you
ignored the pretentious bullshit it is
actually a fun and challenging puzzle
game particularly for $15 wish the
witness oh yeah seemed kind of
repetitive hmm I guess you got argued
temptresses too so right I think for for
me it would be really hard for me to
ignore the pretentious bullshit it's not
already blowed up for something that
looks bloated up just disappear it's
confusing
well we've we've encountered a couple
graphical glitches so we know that
that's a glitch per se I think they're
supposed to fall
any response from the devs let's see
nope no response from the devs I don't
necessarily expect them to respond but
why do anything why do I do it yes why
cuz I thought it would be funny and then
if they did and it's an also important
for developers of anything you know you
you want feedback for the product that
you putting out there right and so I
gave my feedback on a cockpit view when
you're in first-person mode because that
would be nice
it'd be nice to have a cockpit chasing
the wrong
Sammis you know what my thoughts on that
are and you've asked that question a
couple times you're just looking to
start some shit what's wrong now
nothing nothing
a cockpit view I feel less like you're
floating in space
well they said a cockpit view will
obstruct part of the screen all right
I'm okay with that but also like Richard
it would make it more feel like you are
actually in an airplane and not floating
in space I'm not saying you shouldn't be
able to hit a button to turn the cockpit
off if you want sure sure sure
oh wait I should have bought more stuff
oh yes dr. Chuck but I am up to date on
arrow on CW I enjoy that show even
though I will freely admit that it might
not be the greatest show but I enjoy it
i watch all of those well almost off my
watch arrow i watch flash and I watch
Supergirl I do not want legends of
tomorrow that looks like it goes a
little too schlock for me but I enjoy
arrow I think it's fine fine show flash
is pretty good
whoa what the fuck is shooting at me oh
they're gonna crash into each other oh
they didn't oh I wanted to see them
crash into each other it's probably that
guy he has missiles on the back of yeah
rich you're an ace pilot no I'm a madman
Jan you were an ace pilot is great those
ships should have rammed that would have
been better if they if they rammed into
each other
I would I would have liked that more
they go they go
this is hardly over
the flash is just the worst no it's
light-hearted and it's cute it's cute
it's yeah it gets nuts with the timeline
changing which I assume is just a flash
thing
Tiberius you're not wrong it's getting a
little it's getting a little it's
getting a little much with the melodrama
surrounding the flash blaming himself
which is more of an arrow thing but you
know they're doing what they do stay on
target
stay on target
is any of us prepared for Inhumans oh
that shows gonna be so terrible it looks
so terrible I'm not looking forward to
that at all Medusa's hair looks like a
dollar store wig when it's not CG and
the acting looks terrible and the
director already came out and said he
was hired because he's used to making
movies quickly on a low budget
he's like that's why I was hired I can
make movies for no money yeah that's
what I'm gonna do here
that sounds bad it looks it looks cheap
it looks cheap and it looks like they
don't know that the show looks cheap and
so they're trying to play up the
melodrama and they're trying that
they're trying but it just looks fucking
cheap and that's going to be its
downfall because if it's if it's cheap
show you got out you got a you got to
know your limitations you know and it's
gonna be another one of those things
where it it's not necessarily going to
tie in with the movies and it's not
necessarily going to tie in with agents
of shields specifically and so it will
be another Marvel show out in its own
Nebula and one of the the big sales
pitches of Marvel was this whole
universe thing and the Netflix shows a
kind of in the same universe but they
don't really touch an agents of shields
are in the same universe but they don't
talk to each other anymore and so we got
a lot of different factions in the same
universe that don't talk to each other
yeah we're oh yeah you got a good amount
of money get out while you can
yeah like you know every every single
show has like a passing a passing
statement about like the incident but
they never talk about it like they just
call it the incident and for some reason
like I don't know if that's a legal
requirement where they can't just say
remember when aliens fucking came to New
York and the Avenger stops them I would
love for a little more intertwine mint
we had one one episode of agents of
shield where the lady that was in the
Thor movies came down to earth and of
course during the whole during the whole
Hydra takeover that was a major plot
point during agents it feels that was
nice but I would love a little more a
little more commingling of that and
we'll never see SIF again right
I don't you know I swear we gotta I'm
ready ship what where did we go to
upgrade a ship go back go back arrow lab
Oh upgrades are lost if you die ah okay
okay
so you gets more thrust to gets more
durable more maneuverability more
acceleration nice what about carrying
capacity in a second or upgrade no hmm
is carrying capacity get an upgrade
oh it doesn't look like him dr.
Smoketree says I think the incident is
supposed to be like saying 9/11 no one
you know everyone says it calls it 9/11
we don't talk about like remember when
they I guess that's you know what dr.
smoke trees I'll give you that I'll give
you that that's a fair point that's a
fair point
the incident seems like a weird way to
say that but I guess how else would you
describe that when aliens came to earth
and then superheroes punched them away
from Earth I guess I guess I can I can
be with you there anymore Len kay stuff
that was from when he was here last time
that was hold that that was the one I
was talking about I wasn't sure if I was
ever gonna see the light of day cuz
David taking a sweet time with it that's
great one that was a great review made
me want to go see blind fury I know
you've talked about Avalon I love it I
love it kind of nice
decent durability if I do the upgrade
yeah sure
two sheds that's a good way to put it to
the incident does seem it seems neutral
you know it was a big tragedy people
obviously died and like the city was was
attacked but the incident does seem not
to but I guess so does 911 911 is just a
date I wonder if they've had that I
wonder if they had this conversation in
a writers room somewhere you know what
can we call it well you know what what
can we do to like you know make sure
that this is you know tell the audience
that this is a big deal because we can't
put a date on it
candy for crows I can tell you nothing
about bite of the mummy I can tell you
nothing
oh yeah and don't forget to call him the
big green guy I know and I also get that
that like I mean well though he's the
Hulk people know the Hulk right and do
they call him the Hulk nekoma Hulk ooh
Captain America called him Hulk and
press in the first Avengers movie press
huh did the press the try I don't I
don't know if they're avoiding like
continuity tie-in what the shows as much
as they're trying to make it not sound
silly daredevil is a street-level show
about a blind man who knows karate that
fights mobsters right
he can't talk about the alien invasion
that happened last month so they kind of
disguise it the incident that's why it's
not well the movies won't let I don't
think it's that no well but I I think
realistically by this point because you
know like by it by this point in
daredevil also we had age of Ultron Hulk
was going all over the plate you know he
was he destroyed an entire African city
right okay people know who Hulk is and
so instead of saying the big green guy I
think you would everyone would call him
Hulk or the Hulk
okay I I would that's what I would do
did you fucking see the Hulk he tore up
that African towel what a fuckhead
that's what I would be saying if this
was a real life situation
oh nice and blueberry points out that
Peter Parker calls him the Hulk when the
bad guys are lying the masks and so I do
I think it's a I think it's a I don't
know if they haven't necessarily have
the rights to call him the Hulk I think
they're trying to avoid seeming silly on
the Netflix shows which totally are a
little bit different than the movies and
while that's true
wow that's true that's true
yeah defenders Nick it's it's an same
reason in Zombie movies that avoid
saying zombie for some reason even
though everyone on the planet knows what
it's jambe is right yeah too far away
somebody thumbs in the ground
chips on my ass shavax
or Shiva Shiva x51 that's exactly it
we don't want listen we don't want the
Netflix shows to be silly I mean after
all he's the immortal Iron Fist who's
sworn to fight the hand he's a black
ninja ninja vs. alien though something
very different he's very different it's
a very different type of silly he's
funny
okay well at least you admit that it's
silly it is it's also trying to pretend
that blind ninjas work silly the point
oh no I grabbed the non lock-on once
again because I'm a dumbass and those
are the ones I wasted my upgrade on oh
my god don't miss oh yeah yeah that's
gonna be tough he's gonna he's gonna be
tough kills then look at that boat turn
on a dime
yeah no I get that iron fist is supposed
to be the ultimate martial art suit of
which he is like he fights he fights
well I just wish I could tolerate any
time he talked they resist he does get
into a fight with daredevil does he win
uh he hopes so I think everyone kind of
hands his asked to him which is very
nice because I hate him oh yeah
he is actually a really decent like a
really fun fanservice fight with Luke
Cage who of course is like immovable see
they're smart enough to know this then
no that's what that tells me what
they're smart enough to know the fans
don't like iron fist yeah I think I
think so I mean they didn't know quick
enough where like the whole plot
revolves around an iron fist thing but
everyone beats him up pretty pretty
easily which is very nice because he is
the immortal iron fist and he just
wanted to fight the hand so here's the
thing G thunders iron fist it does act
like a fifteen-year-old most of the time
that was you did it rich like iron fist
is incredibly naive and immature and a
total dickhead like a teenager which
remember he for all of his growing up
time was in conlon not in normal social
settings just training kung fu and so
him being socially inept kinda makes
sense is what I'm gonna say him being
kind of a dickhead makes a little bit of
sense
that I mean I still don't like him as a
character I much prefer thee like the
the chill mellow philosopher Danny Rand
who's just kind of like above it all
because he's found one with the universe
and I like that naivety I don't like him
being a dickhead himself
that's true nee-sama people from Kunlun
also think he's a dickhead and he is
he's just a dickhead what are you gonna
do what are you gonna do hopefully they
change it up for the second season which
is already happening oh yeah you got a
complete your mission and get the fuck
out of Dodge
stay on target
didn't kill it
Jesus Christ that was a that was a
barrage of shit and it didn't kill it
rich I'm sorry
I agree like I I also I really dislike
the actor who's playing Danny ran and I
think there's some bad writing and I
think his character his character is
that of a dickhead and so like there's a
lot of things wrong with iron fist and
Danny Rand and because of that defenders
was kind of man you know it was cute
seeing them all come together that was
Park it was cute that everyone got their
hero moment I think I think the
defenders though had a much bigger
problem which is when they actually did
get to fight together
you made it you survived so here's
here's the the real problem with
defenders is when they actually do get
to fight with each other
what you have is for people who have
very similar strengths you have you have
for people who punch that's it and so
you can't get that varied action that
you can get with like an Avengers right
you got Captain punching you got Iron
Man flying around using lasers you got
Hulk smashing you got Hawkeye doing the
the crossbow that you got you got a
variety of your heroes doing different
things to keep the action palpable to
keep it moving to keep it interesting
but in defenders you have four people
who are very good at punching and one
who also has sticks that he hits people
with what'd you do
I'm sorry
it's I think it's about more than a
leader I think they need to find I think
they needed to find a way to very up
their fighting styles we're like for
example that first like a little mini
fight we get with iron fist and Luke
Cage where iron fist is doing his
kung-fu thing and Luke Cage is basically
acting like a meat shield like sometimes
some guys with guns show up and like
Luke Cage just stands big and then Iron
Fist hides behind him and it was I was
like how cute they got to use their
power set and then like you know Iron
Fist did his kung-fu thing and it was a
neat way to use their power set
but later on everyone was just punching
everyone and it got boring
but do they learn to work as a team not
really
dr. foot check it didn't it didn't it's
it's it kind of fell apart it's it's all
it didn't it didn't work that much it's
been out for a while and we haven't
really talked about defenders I'm very
sorry I'm not giving away too much I
don't think but if you were gonna watch
it you would have watched it already
fuck you jack
I love titties you won't say it that I
love titties I enjoy breasts I don't
think I've ever said anything to the
contrary
but I do later nuff Jack why you say it
more saying that you like breasts
overall I'm okay with breasts
I usually prefer butts I'll be quite
honest with you and you cannot lie I
know there are many not just brothers
but you know also sisters who would deny
but me personally when a girl walks in
with an itty bitty waist as long as she
also has a round thing that can I can
look at I enjoy it there's all I'm
saying have I talked about what hot
American summer ten years later I don't
know but if I haven't it's great yeah I
think I might have all this it's very
good yeah I was I was kind of down on
the first day of camp which I think I
don't think the jokes hit for first day
of camp but ten years later I felt a
funny it felt like the same old wet hot
American summer really good job tire I
very much enjoyed ten years later
so I actually now that now that I said
that yes I think one of the streams I
have I went a little more in depth about
it but yes overall really enjoyed it
mushroom comportment
all right I got my weapon load I don't
like and the Power Stone stream you said
you like butts better with Jessie in the
room Jessie is a friend of mine and she
knows I like what's better so it was not
a surprise to her the documentary on
what hot American summer yeah yeah very
good little behind-the-scenes featurette
about the making of what had american
summer my favorite part about it's on
Netflix or it was on Netflix I don't
know if it's Dylan's my favorite part of
the behind-the-scenes is you have people
like like Bradley Cooper and Amy Poehler
talking about how amazing it is to work
with Janeane Garofalo and like can you
believe we got Janeane Garofalo like
what an honor it is to work with her
which you know at the time she was the
big star and they were nobodies and I
thought I think it's really funny like
they were talking about like david Hyde
Pierce is going to be here for five days
of filming because he was the big get
for what had American summer there
there's a documentary on the making of
the movie what had American summer and
it's called anyone want to remind me
what it's called
help me help me you be in the zone you
be in the zone I'm totally not batman
and bill the documentary about what had
american summer hurricane of fun Thank
You Manny the Vera King it's called a
hurricane of fun the making of what had
American summer and there's a whoa
terrible past Wow rich of wonderful
little behind-the-scenes feature a ton
of footage from filming how they made
that production great hurricane of fun
what is wet hot American summer wet hot
American summer movie film it's a movie
film directed and written by David Wain
starring Michael Showalter Michael Ian
Black Janeane Garofalo a lot of people
from the state and it's an amazing
comedy movie that is disguised as a
summer camp boner comedy that turns into
something much more
it's
Yulin even if you haven't seen it in
years we'll give it a watch it holds up
shockingly well
you kind of have to by the way when you
play a game like this I lean with it
like if I'm if I'm close to something I
want to lean out of the way that's how I
feel I play better
does it really turn into something much
more it
I don't you can't you can't describe
that's the thing I can't describe it
without completely spoiling it but yes
it turns it turns into a beast of its
own skin it is a it is not a camp sex
film no but a teen sex comedy it is not
but it starts as a teen sex comedy and
then it slowly devolves into wet hot
American summer it sets itself up to be
that ended willfully weird yes that's
the way I would describe it it's
wilfully weird nice nice yeah oh and you
should definitely watch the movie before
watching the series it's a good game
yeah that's fine game fine game rich I
have seen not another team movie I
remember the chat theorizing that we're
piloting actual drones shit
shit I like that I'm done with that
theory
shit sorry yes I will upgrade that let's
see here chicken chase you or says hey
guys first time I've been able to catch
you guys liar chase sewer yeah I've been
watching for a while keep up the grid
good work also happy to see Len back on
our LM seems to be getting more
comfortable than in the past
oh yeah yeah now he was he was good on
the panel yeah I'm gonna go out on a
whim I think rich recommends this game
the sky rogue on sale now I'm steamed by
the way just a quick heads-up
but I ya know and you can't blame Len
for not being tempted oh my god ya blew
up it it fell on top mention I should
have expected that
oh you defeated it oh my god you're not
dead you look like you're dead
it took a chunkier help I'll deal with
that yeah that's great I'll win it
that's great
Christopher Meloni is a national
treasure christopher meloni coming
straight off of like SVU is in it some
of the funniest shit you will ever see
in the wet hot American summer movie I
need to just re-watch that now because
I'm talking about it and I fucking love
that movie everyone's telling me to
dodge roll I am you don't see it in
first-person perspective oh yeah yeah oh
there you go
have I heard the new Taylor Swift song
no I haven't I heard middling things
about it I've been as far as music
lately all I've been listening to lately
is Kendrick Lamar Kendrick Lamar's new
album I've been listening to damn and my
first go through of it I actually didn't
much care for it and I've read listened
to it a couple times now and I'm really
getting into the flow so that's all I've
been listening to lazy doing great rich
I think I need to take out these
carriers so I can stop the ships from
coming is how I'm assuming this works
you think you think that the drones are
coming out of the carriers that's
possible that's very possible very
generic you know on my first listen to
damn that's what I thought I thought it
was it was like you know oh this is mad
but I don't know you know like everybody
everybody fucking loves damn and I
wasn't really feeling it but shit on my
second and third listen I got the flow
of it so I'm really enjoying that now
never stop moving never well you're in
an airplane I think if you stop moving
never never slow down though sure not
when you got this many enemies that
you're almost average this is nuts
you're doing great the actually the
reason I picked it up I've been meaning
to pick it up for a while but I hadn't I
recently watched on the on HBO they have
a great little documentary series called
the Defiant ones that follows the life
of dr. Dre and the guy who founded what
was the record label now fucking Jimmy
Jimmy Fatone is that his name
oh the guy who founded Interscope
Records oh it's fun that's a great one
fun great run you got that you got to
the new color palette apparently oh no
that's a great that's a great way to end
him and it's been it's pretty late
anyway yeah Jimmy I Jimmy Iovine yeah
we've been going about four alright so
follow if simultaneously follows dr. Dre
and Jimmy Avani or however you pronounce
his last name the guy who founded I just
said it what was this goddamn record
label what's what you don't know no I
don't you don't know what I'm talking I
don't go to the bathroom it's it's it's
it was the it was the groundbreaking 90s
record label Interscope Thank You
Interscope Records and it's this
wonderful documentary that tracks both
of their life and for anyone who doesn't
know who Jimmy Iovine is he was like a
producer for Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers and and he like recorded
Born to Run the Bruce Springsteen album
and then you and then it cuts over to
like dr. Dre's early life when he was
like in a dance group and hadn't ever
DJed before and it follows both of their
paths until they meet at Interscope and
it's a fantastic it's like a four or
five part documentary called the Defiant
ones and it's on HBO and it ends with
with Kendrick Lamar because I think Dre
produced one of his albums I don't know
if it was damn but it was one of his
albums and so Kendrick is in the later
part of the documentary and that's what
made me remember to buy his album this
is not straight from Compton they
Straight Outta Compton this is called
the Defiant ones it's on HBO and and
it's it's a wonderful little thing Bruce
Springsteen yeah so like Interscope
Records like Nine Inch Nails Lady Gaga
dr. Dre all of Death Row Records was on
there for a while
so Snoop Dog's early career was all
Interscope no doubt just amazing stories
Marilyn Manson was part of Interscope he
was part of the Trent Reznor's record
label which was partnered with
Interscope but they just great
conversations with people but yeah they
talked to Trent Reznor they talked to
Bruce Springsteen they talked to all
these people that's all yeah they have a
great little bit with Eminem talking
about how he started working with dr.
Dre go go see it if if you are a fan of
90s music just to hear the back stories
about how all of these artists came to
be on Interscope Records is fantastic
and all of dr. Dre's backstory amazing
stuff certain bands of Interscope are
probably asking time for some Patti cash
epic Jason Kidd Kidd I get right out of
town
get right out of town I have no thoughts
on to pimp a butterfly I'm sorry I do
bee sandwich if you're gonna prematurely
leave we are where we are wrapping up
I'm just waiting for rich to get back
from the bathroom and then we're gonna
read tips as we normally do what's uh
let's get out of this screen though
let's get out of the you died screen and
we'll get back to the title screen
there we go that's a nice screen to be
on look at that
that's a real nice screen to be out
you're seeing so Jack first okay so by
the way Josh for Jack versus Josh music
quiz Josh would win hands down because I
have a terrible memory and I don't ever
remember names or albums or dates or
song names I like music
I'm not a music person like I had it on
the nice screen so you could see the
title and I had it on the words be quiet
we could have just turned for the sound
down oh no I just hit the button on this
back I had it on the screen so people
could see the title it's it's back yeah
fine title it's nice title screen I
don't know if there is a music topic
that could stump Josh he seems to know
everything about every genre he's a he's
a he's a savant
he's a music trivia junkie what game is
I know people are so good I think that's
just look at this no now people know
what game we were playing
that's a nice title screen your overlay
Jack that you wanted so bad has the name
on it
no I got twice so so nice we named it
twice
the city so nice they named it twice
gave reading them tips it's fun we
caught up what do we got what's night
novices hi rich and Jack has there ever
been a movie that made you go through a
cathartic experience
you guys are awesome keep up the great
work
cathartic experience rich Evans he's
either thinking of a joke or actually
thinking of an answer an answer not
really like anything like something
spiritual define cathartic yeah it's
like some like you walk out of a movie
and and you had a new changed
perspective on my life that has never
happened okay I think that's what it
means or you came to you came and so you
came to peace with something ha I got it
no I mean no you know yeah I don't know
if like yeah I don't know things like
you know things was over yeah
and then that was like because oh it's
over things is over you know yeah not
even Mad Max fury road like I said Mad
Max fury road did not alter my life it
was a really fucking good action movie
that I love yeah I need to know what you
mean by cathartic I think that's what
you know I think that's what they mean
I'm just realizing that I didn't start
the torture so I'm like just the joy of
seeing a good movie yeah I guess fury
road counts for that yeah yeah that was
enjoyable not necessarily cathartic that
was the question yeah yeah yeah I'm kind
of with you I'm kind of with him Phantom
Menace that was more just disbelief it's
more shock I mean it did change your
life but in retrospect my kid seen a
performer I got into some like unusually
early screening oh yeah Mike Mike worked
at a movie theater and management like
Mike yeah and management got in for the
theater chain got in to see like a
super-early like actually
rough cut of The Phantom Menace and
they'd like where the manager didn't
have anyone else to go was like you like
Star Wars more come my son Mike got in
like weeks early like a week or week or
two early oh wow
like marked it Mike did not know Darth
Maul got cut in half because originally
he did not really yeah
interesting yeah he just falls down the
thing every I guess he could swiped I
don't know but he's not cut in half mmm
I guess too many people thought he's
gonna bug so in post so then he gets cut
in half now but then I think he came
back anyway didn't he no but I think no
I think in that in the cartoon he came
back still doesn't count
yeah it's canon they were planning it
I'm just saying he it's funny because
they cut him in half to make sure he
didn't come back and he did end up
coming back in the in rebels I think he
came back rich is telling an amazing new
story about Mike and Finn I'm gonna I've
told it before I told that before yeah I
think he came back I think he came back
in rebels and he had like yeah like
robot robot lower about lower half body
okay I just think it's funny cuz like
you said if they cut him in half to make
sure everyone knows he's dead and
they're like a fuckin anyway he comes
back well the robot lower half yeah
interesting interesting why is that
interesting interesting why is that it's
fine it's fine
are you gonna tell me later
I might yes I might tell you later tell
me whether that's interesting I'll tell
you exactly why let's get to subscribers
now is the point in the stream in which
we thank all the people who have
subscribed to us during this stream much
like you what would you like to do sure
why not
Frisco Jones for 36 motherfucking months
it alright
whoo Frisco Jones there we go
can you read this or do you just want me
to read them
I can't barely see that from here beer
coaster Cal sir calcium sorry calcium
rich Evans who says say say this like a
specter how does a specter talk and XCOM
you know how some Mass Effect and they
don't talk in a specific way that's just
somebody trolling oh they want me to say
XCOM 2
XCOM 2 X come to AIDS chicken chaser
hardcore says rich if Jack helped you
know yeah we already to them Mick cosmic
let me wanna wanna mike chase gaming six
six for 39 motherfucking months in a row
top ramens for 30 fucking months in a
role who says 30 pizza rolls in a row
bill la hecka for 38 motherfucking
months in a row says matches my age next
month will also match my age anywho you
know what I'm going to say keep on doing
what you're doing
collecting data for 30 fucking months in
a row saz thanks for the memories come
beau Flay go NAB dohsa spider Blaire see
s see hambo it says excited for my
second month gibbous moon for twenty
four fucking months in a row loner
Archon for 36
that was kind of a dud it was kind of a
dud
watch out those three years of my pizza
roll is still fresh let me turn that
Wheldon off the confetti off there you
go observe a drum
9000 roll sorry I got distracted space
distracted by the chat because the chat
started moving to say woe to loner art
John Romo some ex Mensa for 38
motherfucking months in a row says still
waiting on the next 7th guest stream yet
subscribe three more years are asked our
tests legion dr. Harry Lime for 12
months in a row says boma dr. poon MD
tiny tick tack push level who says it's
I'm JP happy civilities manly AJ alright
something French hemp saw could be
French
maybe he's smashing on the keyboard AJ
pimps all gruff Mick military for 20
fucking months in a row it says well
I'll be damned
have I finally hit 20 months rich great
review with lenka paczynski
thank you and you've been a great sport
on the whole Tom's festival thing that's
fine yeah jack
solid call on the Santa / religion thing
thanks they don't always work out
there's some fine discussions tonight I
think so we get deep we're deep
philosophical discussions uh
not just about our own beliefs but about
like how to properly raise a family and
we played if they need game while doing
so lost in Technicolor 437 motherfucking
months in a row
says here's 237 more months huzzah fuck
my cock space Comeau 436 6 motherfucking
months in a row
pop they go the red ones
says I feel like rich Evans the prom
queen tonight Thank You space camo whoo
36 months
that's anniversaries tonight that's an
anniversary you all subscribed right
around the same time must have been like
a J string as it's probably the first
Jace for exactly that's great oh wait
did Mike play co-op this might have been
the quickest is this my month
anniversary like a three year
anniversary of the coop stream the one
and only Mike Stream Schroeder Baggins
miss toots finger paints guy dr. Duke
lestine says thanks for all the goofs
gaps and laughs space alien super
cocaine for 16 months in a row Zeno
trope for 37 motherfucking months in a
row says wait a minute this isn't DK
this isn't DK at all no sorry this was
not really our fault this is Mike's
fault it's just totally Mike's fault
listen yeah technically I'm gonna give
it a 50-50 okay one Mike definitely
broke the Nintendo 64 and didn't tell me
it worked before Mike threw it on the
ground too technically speaking I
probably should have tested it out yeah
like before the stream started yeah so
I'm gonna take half response
but it's definitely may be 51% Mike's
home because he actually broke it where
are we we are on country mundus for
twenty four fucking months in a row says
can you give me your best 90s radical
stunt whoa skateboard helmets are for
dorks retro man retro mania og dira
hurricane for 17 months in a row says
here is the exact second here is the
exact second here knocks it over and
says I'm so stupid as he does it low
oh the the exact second Mike knocks it
over and says I am so stupid
oh thank you okay there you go now we
have proof fifty-two percent Mike's
fault doom violence for 17 months in a
row prereq is essentially prereq
essentially stands as my straight edge
version of getting weakened unwind shit
hammered this rules shred unreal its
rules oh my god we'll take it's a lot of
pressure now we have to rule every
stream it's not gonna happen
we won't rule every stream el el pollo
Diablo says thanks for another month of
great content not scoot exactly Hellcat
striker says so rich yeah XCOM 2 of the
chosen or the chose on Wednesday an
overdue
what is everyone I'm gonna take a look
at it well first priority is Katy Kong
here's the thing XCOM if I start playing
that yeah it's gonna be a commitment
because I won't be able to stop right
and I know the Mario game that we have
to play for the show was coming out
coming out next week like this week or
this week yeah so I I kind of think I
should avoid it okay cuz we're not gonna
do a review on the XCOM dlc because you
didn't like XCOM 2 and it would be kind
of pointless
yeah well and and we talked about XML ah
we've done Mexican a lot yeah it's gonna
it's gonna be rehashing a lot of stuff
whereas the XCOM playstyle when the
Mario universe could give us something
to talk about so we won't be doing XM 2
but we will stream it but yes you're
right wait until after you've done
playing the rabbit because I cuz I know
I know what XCOM does to my soul yeah it
overtakes it III know I've I have
started I started playing like X come
like month month month like a year ago
now yeah
I started playing XCOM one just in like
a whim and next thing I know it's been
like a week later I got another 100
hours in it just like that 100 hours
disappeared into X count of course of
course and Wednesdays Diddy you guys
know this already Wednesday's Diddy ghek
ah gang Garvey says loved the blind fury
review the underhand style was from
Zatoichi because the sword doubles as a
king I didn't I didn't know he did the
underhanded style in Zed oeg but I was
familiar with those movies okay so that
was probably an homage yeah yeah I think
I think technically it's actually an
adaptation oh okay
technically but I'm not a hundred
percent sure on that okay that's fine
hydrogen six for 12 months in a row also
zat's who says zat's and c-3po tato 3 c3
potato thank you
or subscribing we really appreciate it
sure we really do it's true we really do
and join us next Wednesday when Mike
shows up to play a game no he doesn't
I'm just fucking with you never
