Episode 173
Chosen.... TO DIE!! (part 1)
September 25, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLGpIpdBePI
___________________________________________

there we go sorry no audio
chalk this one up to mad mad technical
problems mad mad mad mad mad mad
technical problem which was starting six
one of these days one of these days
you're gonna pick a time
yeah whatever time you pick whatever is
move at a half an hour further down the
road that's that's what I did today
that's what I did today and rich we were
here and ready to go 45 minutes ago
right we were here and ready to go 45
min o xn was there already we have it
set up for the old over light huh we
have it set up for the old over light oh
look at that how funny we can fix that
we can fix that damn you move the
quarter just go to fit screen
no it's clicking on the wrong thing
well if it fits the screen that's gonna
be under where it needs to be
so I'm doing this at a tiny screen go
and this downer up oh wait you're on
display capture go to game capture there
you go now move it down yeah move down
move it down one more one more
never mind up one I've won it's much
bigger game much bigger game actually a
little bit that's him just right there
you go
yeah sure that looks great rich see much
more of the game you can see much more
of the game I think this I I was I was
happy with how this overlay worked out
and yeah yeah I think I think it's a
fine overlay I think it'll work great
we got the green screen back we got the
overlay figured out everything is coming
up millhouse my friends but you know I
hate it I hate the new overlay already
great Thank You beefcake
oh my god what is up with you okay
I'm glad you hate it already that's what
I'm here - I'm here to hate I'm here -
it's a deal with the hate we can't move
our set here's why we can't move
ourselves down into the overlay dead
space cuz I know it like that seems
really obvious right like just go down
into that overlay dead space here's a
reason that's out of our control here is
the issue very soon
we've talked in the past about bits
twitch has bits which is basically a way
to give streamers money through twitch
you know like right now we have stream
tip and that's giving us money through
PayPal but twitch wanted in on that
action so you can buy bits and I know
we've talked with you guys already about
not you guys have don't want bits yeah
chat does not want bits you don't get a
choice anymore rich and I don't get a
choice anymore
twitch is Auto rolling out bits bits for
every streamer so yeah we no longer get
a choice in bits oh my god you just need
to be restarted don't you alright so how
do bits work there they think are they
anything now do we already have them no
we do not have them right now okay
trying to find that this has to be them
no that's not it this is that has to be
we currently do not have bits right now
at least you can bit in one bit suck I
know but what there were so the reason
that dead space is below us is because
we need a place to show the bits that we
have to have well or else it'll just be
on screen somewhere randomly and you
know possibly get in the way of the game
yeah and so having that place below us
for the bits is fine and now we're not
we're not blocking too much I feel like
this is a pretty decent setup we got
here so riddle me this there's something
about like levels from it's there are
different gifts that I can make for
different levels and so like if you if
you donate anywhere from one to a
hundred bits like a little display it's
not so anything you get one no matter
one like I was thinking maybe we cut off
bits a hundred bucks and then we just
never have to worry about it oh I wonder
if we could do that yeah probably I bet
we could set a minimum if the minimum is
two hundred and fifty dollars then
they'll never be able to pop up unless
somebody wants to give us $250 for a bit
and then hey they gave us $250 for a bit
I could deal with that mm-hmm that that
may be a loophole I I don't know if they
will let you do that
I will look into that okay yeah I'll
make it I'm at you know what I'll make
it something reasonable because what if
what if someone just had like got a
bunch of bits somehow right and they
just want to unload bit so what if I
make it like 50 bucks worth of bits all
right this is the file with everyone all
right
yeah Dukey diver look at that it looks
great looks great so yeah I will I will
look into that that's not a bad idea but
for now this is the over light and you
know what the other important thing for
this overlay even if we don't have the
bits is room to grow right can-can
there's an idea can the image for the
bit be anything anything any gift $50 we
get a semen splash in our face it goes
right right or our faces would be in the
webcam just this wide sploosh that's 50
bucks though for 50 bucks you can come
in our face can I not support this is
that it can i press that Jack will be
fucking millionaires we'll be pulling in
three thousand a night what do you think
women become strippers I buy it I'd go
broke oh man
all right that's terrible maybe and
maybe maybe what we can do is have a
progression like it just have like a
hand going up and down yeah we can put
you know like right around here and then
you know for like $25 you could just got
the hand and then for $50 you get the
white split and then that'll encourage
people to go 25 50 25 55 50 I think
that's a great idea it's a great idea I
also think that might be the worst idea
it's the best idea I'd you know I don't
know if twitch would uh we need to
redress him that guy's a goober oh my
yeah we're gonna go medical well I was
like later I can probably just give her
a medkit and that'd be just as good sure
sure knock your socks off
what decorate oh yeah you play dress-up
I'll play the game okay
you play then I'll play the tactical
game you can play the dress-up okay
do-do do-do customized can we make
ourselves a bit bigger yeah we're trying
to be not checking up yeah we don't want
to we don't want to be everything grazie
here maybe how about about like a
slightly bigger there how's that now we
are slightly bigger but slightly lower
there how's that yeah that's fine that's
fine great all right let's see what we
got here the cursor is not lined up on
the stream oh yeah look at that oh
that's weird
that is weird huh that is very weird I
don't know why that is
I'll be honest with you it's fine for us
yeah yeah I mean I and as you guys can
see like it's you know what I noticed
that during the pub g-strings yeah
because like I would be clicking and
dragging stuff but the mouse would be
way over here so like it wouldn't look
like I was clicking on it uh-huh that's
really strange that is really strange
all right let's see what we got here
right timing I'll just take us out of
the game and I was fine
we're gonna do medium receding hairline
bald of course
facially let's see we got here
scrap whoa
so someone we already named now for a
person uh no I don't think so this is
Paolo tiny hand over oh wait
hello it might be I'm gonna leave it I
said we leave it sure I like that he's
been on missions which means we probably
named him after someone head over yeah
yeah that sounds like a screen name I'm
not a real name right scars oh my god
the new overlay is great oh good I'm
glad
no I'm glad you guys like it I spent I
spent most of the afternoon working on
it trying to find trying to find just
the right yeah look at big X on his
forehead badass fucking badass look at
that guy ever look at that guy
there's some alien kinda heads oh I
might break the game
oh that's a nice face I like that was
that that was 20 yeah looks good
that looks good I like that night let's
take a look at that bod this is all
right now
one of the mods I have installed just
all of the decorations are available
like some of those are actually visually
they're the later armors in the game you
can put them on but it won't function
like the later armor it'll just be
visual oh okay yeah that's like like
that right there that shiny armor that's
that's some endgame stuff sure obviously
it doesn't match up with these arms you
can see the big gaping hole I I kind of
hate the look both in this and in XCOM
euw I can't stand the look of the mid
tier armors real they just look like
garbage so I have this install just so I
can run with the normal starting
clothing while still getting the
benefits from the armor that I
legitimately researched sure but
decoratively I can still have my neat
resistance member clothing on don't
that's a neat outfit I like that you can
just make him look like a civilian - I
think that's cool
obviously you can see something with the
pants for glitching through so you'd
have to you'd have to take those pants
off for it to work that's fine we can do
that I'm just we're just looking at it
you have so many options oh we might go
shirtless it's kind of can we fix that
maybe
I mean yeah we can't know that well yeah
here go go to the go to that torso yeah
get out of here go to head gonna have a
skin tone skin color no no it darkens
the whole thing us weird weird it's
probably because that head is not one of
the default heads somebody had it in
extra heads to the game oh and that head
might not match even if I get a
different try changing they have the
face where's the face top if I change it
yeah that's it you know what and it's
more important to me that we don't see
that weirdo lining right yeah that's
pretty cool he looks pretty good
try other ethnicity I didn't know the
head fixed it that's what it was well I
would change the head - all right looks
skinnier though that had it's the neck
we need to find some arms that won't
fall off like what we got I got some
weirdo arms here some of those are meant
to be attached to of doors like I said
this is this is modded for all of the
decorative options they're just there
there's one oh I forgot to install it
there's one that'll let you have
prosthetic limbs do you want to get out
you want to get out of the game and try
and find it I mean yeah close it in
fucking fuck
oh listen and by the way this I know
like some people might be bored because
you're not doing the tactics but playing
dress-up is part of the game and this is
the part that I'm excited about
do I have to I have to quit let's quit
the game yeah because it's probably
gonna hit one I'll install the mod and
you're gonna start it with the mod save
and exit yeah except oh yes playing
dress-up this is my favorite for good I
see I'm glad like I do or like this and
and that was a lot of fun when I when I
did play XCOM - you know we played the
whole thing we did we were going to do
it for a review that turned into kind of
our live review of FX come - that was a
part that I really enjoyed just really
customizing all of my little characters
so that you would know by just a glance
like that's the soldier I like that is
really nice and the vanilla version of
XCOM - what the new fatigue system oh
that's well I admit that it adds depth I
have no attachment to my squad anymore
they're constantly cycling out and
because I'm having so much trouble level
I can't like keep my squad intact long
enough for them to have enough missions
to actually fucking level up so
everyone's under leveled I'm starting to
fight the harder opponents and I have
more casualty in this war of the chosen
run than I have in any XCOM game and I
just I can't get a fucking foothold just
right prosthetic let's see what comes of
and I've seen it in here before
first I think is an H prosthetic these
feel prosthetic prosthetic tread th et I
see what th e I thank you gu just here
here we go click on that one there is
that one it
oh maybe that's that that oh yeah look
at one roll now does it work with War of
the chosen how do you read the comments
this one looks amazing it's like a
warning when where the Troezen comes o
maybe try downloading it will run will
see if it will see if it works and you
hit this subscribe button hit the
subscribe button ok
it does not look like they've updated it
Oh even though the person who made it is
currently playing war of the chosen yeah
we'll see oh wait no you look he's
playing were the chosen development
tools he's trying to make this mod work
for more of the chosen right now isn't
that great
that's fucking great hi there are a few
problems with transparency apparently
but it's not terrible
ok what's right can we get a zoom on
Jack's face while I'm making I'm playing
dress-up yeah are you click on next time
to I thought but apparently not oh yeah
it said running we gotta find that
modern and activate it
hats headgear armor armor
all the way to the bottom up there you
go
last one okay all right let's see if
that works
hey Jack and rich what are you know your
favorite German brothers from Germany
again guten tag hello welcome German
brothers they said that they wanted that
they said that repeated that constantly
last room we we hear you we acknowledge
you we acknowledge your existence your
presence here is noted for everyone who
watches this video later German brothers
guten tag oh hello allo guten tag
Germany is the place it's true beefcake
I almost don't want to notice you for
saying that I don't know what senpai he
is but since I or something like that
someone you look up to rent or something
oh all right little game oh right yeah
yeah load game right up at the top right
n load so I can go play dress up with
prosthetic limbs it's gonna be great it
means Goku with a sword climb Fandango I
can hear you I can hear you not really
well I can see the words that you typed
I can see the words that you typed Clem
fan dango it means Japanese sword yes
thank you cinnamon that's perfect that's
exactly what senpai e means it means
Japanese sword it's not from what's up
from what's the katana that's a
reference there's a reference to a I
know it's a katana but
that the whole thing is a reference to
samurai come
oh yes summer camp thank you thank you
where is a view soldiers is that I think
it's that Grenadier penny yeah first of
all look at that I love his head already
alright let's let's see if we could find
one of these arms I've got so many so
many visual customization just stacked
one on top of the other try right and
left arms separately sure I'm the left
arm let's let's okay yeah
halo augments code oh oh yeah look at no
the the bright blue I think is some kind
of texture that's just not working right
that's it right now look at that one oh
yeah wonder what that is supposed to be
that blue texture for the transparent
probably supposed to glow or something
sure makes it goes with the blue icon
those who read that so that's those are
the ones okay cool let's see what we got
here I think I saw a couple like real
simple ones right or this way a couple
nice simple ones who liked that one
though
where did it go that one's neat except
for like we don't want him to have a
purple shoulder we have to find one with
no purple thing well let's finally maybe
we get my shoulder pad that covers that
up oh sure so get them get them the arm
you like that's got something weird
going on but the shoulder almost this
one you want that look at that one that
one's awesome okay no no need her why
did that make his right arm invisible
why did the hell right now Herman
because he was using the thing that was
just both ours a lot of going on here
with mods Jack there's a whole lot going
on here I mean yeah just bare shoulders
what do we got for shoulders so that's
the his that's his left shoulder
oh okay oh yeah like this nice plenty of
stuff that isn't kind of clipping into
that weird thing coming out of the arm I
think we actually you know like it'd be
nice if we had you know because then it
looks like it's attached to something
one of those might cover up one of those
other ones that had the blue patch is
the thing
oh no but I like this one okay now I
don't I just want that thing to connect
to something now cuz we got we have a
thing just sitting or sitting there you
know that thing just sitting there so we
need that to connect see it something
like that that's too big but
the laptops starting no arm
Oh Windows is doing a thing Windows is
doing its thing there we go now it
almost looks like it makes sense alright
I'm done with that let's take a look at
legs because we can't have his body
clipping out like that go all the way
down look for those blue things just
keep scrolling down no crotch meaning
that meant to go with that torso no I
mean part of me is thinking part of me
is thinking we go hot pants Jack you do
you are dummies that you know it doesn't
like oh these are cool though I love my
cyborg soldier here oh my god so many
fucking options yeah there what nuts
didn't they they went a little nuts
oh rich so hot hot pants or cyborg legs
man uses you tell me I'm not in charge
of I'm not in charge of the decorative
options Jack no I know but it's like I
love these guys oh here it's not like
this you know or he's just got and I
want to without the pads oh here we go
like this is an eight neat option it
doesn't line up with his pants this is
kind of like the best of both worlds I
feel torso gear oh maybe I can give him
like a belt that would cover it up right
something like that I just give you a
belt I think most of the belts are just
coming with the pants
I know maybe maybe yeah just think
something like this some tactical gear
it's not wear any clothes they're just
kind of floating over it cover it but it
covers up this that's all that's a very
important all right wait yeah yeah I
think this is fine okay the floating
we're just gonna have to deal with it I
feel we're just gonna hang all right I
feel like we're just gonna have to deal
with that tattoos I mean he's got face
pain we might need a tattoo you might be
right
I doubt there's a torso tattoo though
Yeah right arm and left arm huh right
arm and left arm oh yeah no torso
tattoos oh that's weird you'd think
there'd be a torso tattoo oh okay you
know what I'm happy with this okay
I think he looks cool I love his I love
the Bionic legs and arm oh yeah look at
that guy look at him rich that is a
badass right there there's a fucking
bad-ass boom all right great
I have done my job okay the laptop
restarted
let me get this laptop gone born to fuck
right this character is going to die
immediately very possible that's very
very possible but you know what I don't
care I had fun playing dress-up and he
is a badass gunner all right we need a
name she's the one we got from the last
mission she is not named after anyone I
don't have anything up and running here
why not the first one I saw when I
looked over was dreamer TK okay dreamer
TK is the first one I saw when I looked
over so that is who gets it
how about that how about that rich
interesting what it what is what it
there's only two different voices from
the reaper chick there's only two voices
marina searchers Rina searches and one
other one no okay that's just that's
just interesting good sup sizzle glad
you like the new overlay I like it too I
think I think this is uh this is much
better than then our other overlay good
good display of information we got a ton
more screen room some more game room
whoo
chat not here that's on the game over
that just a little bit aliens
oh I skipped it mmm it kind of did an
accident but it doesn't really bother me
as I hate the chosen as characters they
are so fucking amazingly lame I hate
them
I'm really sorry about that wrench yeah
yeah yeah yeah shut up shit
shut up let me click on that can I met
click him sure did we crash know what
was going on there I just wanted you to
stop clicking on it
what is there to do can you open up
great
get out of here great Connect connect
I'm trying to I'm trying to get a chat
watcher up for me now okay everything's
fine now everything's fine now
you know something interesting I'm gonna
I'm gonna say this and I'm probably
going to jinx us yeah all the Mario
Rabbids videos yeah the no copyright
claims not in the live stream is not an
ubisoft you'll be soft
Ubisoft Ubisoft is is cool with it I
thought that was really interesting and
I had you know I had it uploaded for on
YouTube for a couple days before when
live this morning and and no copyright
strikes on that or any of the live
streams we didn't get a copyright claim
on part one of the Sammis returns cut
upstream but we did get a copyright
claim on part two which because the bots
found part two and they didn't find part
one that's how it works no Nintendo yeah
Nintendo's crazy but I thought it was
really interesting that you know that
Ubisoft is not pursuing it as hard as as
Nintendo does so
good guy who be soft or Ubisoft isn't
worrying about it right now which I'm
gonna be absolutely fine with just
because you know you know it'll help us
for now what's part what's part two part
two of the of the famous returns stream
which will go up not tomorrow because I
usually we usually have you know after
we put up a new episode I usually don't
put up a stream the day after just to
give it a little more breathing room but
Friday part two of the sanest return as
the stream will go live which will still
go live but we won't be able to monetize
it what happens what's my usual
facilities build order I don't really
have one for war of the chosen yet this
is new to me and as much as much as I
like some of the additions I'm not even
sure if I'm gonna play this one more
than I play vanilla oh yeah XCOM - what
what I like it when Tobias is on top I
like to see us
to make sure we're straight ahead sorry
Yahtzee had basically the same reaction
to being forced to include one rabbit on
the team as Jack bean Yahtzee we're here
he agrees with us was Sonic he agrees
that the Rabbids are idiots being I will
agree that being forced to is stupid
yeah but I don't mind the rabbits Kirk I
know you don't I find out like rabbit
peach I like rabbit page as a character
more than I like regular peach let's I
mean you know what she cuz she has a
character I'm like regularly don't ya
you know what would have been nice huh
Wario Ware Wario Waluigi
well you guys right rabid why luigi is a
bad guy you know what they're thinking
of future expansions already alright is
what is what they're doing the Rabbids
don't deserve your hate you know i what
the fuck yeah this is one of the not
this expansionist from one of the other
expansion it's a weapon that's really
yeah it's need a single shot though that
kind of ruins it okay so you got doom
guy look at your hodgepodge of a team I
love it I love it you got the doom
Slayer yeah
ballet clip under the armor yeah it's
fine totally fine
I don't wanna give her do I do it yeah
that's exactly right playing Ernie
you've got a band of misfits here rich
can't plus 15 to a m-- I mean that's
nice it's nice but it only goes one shot
before you have to reload oh my god
oh good
female Morpheus I wrote last stream I
was trying to make a moon girl moon girl
is a is a Marvel Comics character and
she has like two little afro pigtails
and so I was hoping for a hairstyle that
was too little like poofy pigtails and
and I didn't get that so that's as close
as I could get last dream
Sailor Moon girl I know
oh that's if we could if we could turn
her little robot into devil dinosaur and
get it get a nice moon girl mod that'd
be great that weapon looks very out of
place in Xcode I'll be honest with ya
which one her they're both yeah that's
fine some alien weapon Jack yeah shoots
a giant fucking spike out it looks like
it's an alien weapon not like a plasma
gun no it's just one shot at a time just
big spike bolt that's what the aliens
news barely even though I've never seen
another alien use that it look basically
it looks like they had some assets
leftover from a pirate game and they
shoved it in here like I did you see
them in the XCOM like his outfit yeah it
looks cool honestly name-o and a rookie
here I can help you out I can help you
out with our chatter lottery let's see
here boom boom boom and pick a random
cheddar
how about frenzy spell h r zi & z
I crimes II confirm him to bear two
birds one stone another shorter name
another shorter name okay give me one
moment here we get the let's back up and
pick a random chatter Oh
frenzy Ivan Lee IV a and lyy to us wise
crimes II Ivan Lee ah we have to change
change the country of origin we've fused
you into one being fuckin deal with it
we work change your country of origin to
German you find Z Ivan Lee can you do
that fuck yeah yes German crying see
Ivan Lee nice rich on it no what I have
is for mods yeah random bio okay a
mercenary for hire from Germany crime Z
holds no stakes in the war against
Advent all he cares for is the thrill of
fighting and the money of whichever
party is willing to hire them but that's
what it looks like great that's great
that that's a great question is Joe
flash a light why do they need
nationalities isn't this like an alien
invasion game would that be sort of how
not the points but the point I believe
originally is all the nations have come
together right and and the reason that
they showcase their national I like I
mean if you see like if you ever see the
UN do anything know where their country
of origin on a flag on them but the
other thing is for these little stories
that you tell yourself like Crimea I
even leave from Germany yeah and now we
can in our head make up a little story
about this character
it's like it's just it's just adding
it's not important to the gameplay it's
adding that emergent storytelling that
hopefully yes is the flavor text between
fatigue and injuries you'll be able to
use in one third of a time and he'll
never gain up enough levels and you'll
never become a tantrum oh I'm sorry
like like like long war mod depth in
exchange for intimacy that's my opinion
I'm war the chosen so far all right
depth in exchange for intimacy intimacy
yeah that emotional attachment you get
the I but this is Mike Cruz micro you
never have that cruel zombie someone
else oh so they're there they're
removing the intimacy and giving yes
okay I get it sorry adding adding depth
taking into the sir
interesting ayam and herb Oh Bandar
alright let's see what we got here fared
in to seven seven two says now I've
asked at the beginning of the stream
ideal Batman movies side no I mean ideal
beside and home movie where Batman
fights criminals I don't wait that
wasn't our oh shit this isn't my normal
Mouse that button didn't do what I
thought there's there normally a
different button there oh I'm gonna be
doing that a lot the stream I think
please be careful side note season one
of the tell-tale is my second favorite
Batman story ever
Bruce has a personal relationship with
every villain that might be a game I'm
interested in playing only for a good
story knows this mouth is broken which
is mouse is this breaks constantly and
it never works he's about to plug it in
the one I haven't homeworks fucking
flawlessly this one piece of garbage I'm
sorry I'm very sorry rich oh god I like
the whole one I have at home enough I
still kind of want to get another one to
give it another shot here oh sure but
well if you remember that
the end of the last dream Feridun was
asking about ideas for great Batman
movies but we need to include a rogue's
gallery villain and it can't just be
Batman versus the mine that's the cat
that's the caveat whatever arbitrary
restriction is fine well yeah that's the
point yeah it's that's it's a game rich
that's all games are arbitrary
restrictions that we get over for
entertainment I would I would say white
why not why not do a serious remake of
heart of ice you know like it like a sad
somber mr. freeze story yeah do you
think that would work live-action Wow
yes it would I want to take that as a no
whatever they already did it isn't it
kind of redundant well everything's
fucking redundant I'm trying to sell a
movie to WB here rich you got a you got
a sell you got to sell it the Arkham
games would make for okay movies
yeah plenty of cameos plenty of setting
up future franchises but you're still
you know you have your main villain sell
a movie to WB get your 50 bucks right
both missed ya lower-ranked soldiers
with overwatch shots that's just to be
expected sure sure
hi jack I'm currently watching all the
best of the worst Jack with hair what
made you decide to shave your head no
offense I'm a bald guy - I just thought
it looked better you can go back and
look at that very first best of the
worst that I was on where I still had a
little bit of of hair and it just it
this looks better I feel I feel I feel
the shaved head looks significantly
better oh my god I wasn't happy with the
little Tufts of hair for a while during
my heavier time when I had my big beard
and I actually had I was bald on top but
I had longer hair like you know longer
longer hair I thought that looks good
for a while button it grow tiresome it
was it was really tough to keep up with
the beard and long hair so chairman with
a British accent oh we need to change
that nice he's our mercenary and I love
him the butt yeah I looked like a biker
I had long hair big beard there's a
picture of me somewhere and I need to
find it out back back in my band days
there there's a picture of me rocking
out oh that's kind of cool but now you
have to real oh yeah it's a cool gun
that's a neat gun there's that there's a
picture of me like shirtless with my
long hair whipping all over the place
and a big beard rocking out with a
bandit I hate to find that picture I had
it at one point that's a little that's
that's something for the grandkids one
day look your grandpa was cool yeah I
was playing it I was playing it over I
was playing in a rock and roll band in a
dirty dive bar
you do need to get in there and Feridun
I'm sorry like I can't think of any I'm
trying to think of like I'm trying to
think of what would be an interesting
Batman villain combination that would
also be a movie that a studio would want
to make you know like what would make a
good toy line but also an interesting
story part of me wants to do tattoo face
because like then you can just have a
mobster but he has that personal
connection to Harvey Dent a lot like
they did in the animated series where he
was just friends with Harvey Dent and so
is that emotional connection was really
nice my answer for now will be Man Bat
Man bad rich hey I don't need another
Batman movie I know you don't and this
is this is what I'm saying I just I just
I'm not trying to be a jerk I just I
literally I don't have an answer for you
that's fine that's fine then it'll just
be me I really liked the the little I
liked the man-bat story because that's
something where you can play it off
where you're not sure if it is Batman
who's ripping up houses and murdering
people you know they see a bat like a
winged creature in the night is it
Batman is a Manman that's a neat pair oh
that's a neat story parallel and you
could probably sell some Man Bat toys so
I think Arkham Asylum could make for a
neat movie it could that'd be a big cast
yeah but it could whatever yeah oh no
you know what I'm with you
you can use a lot of the villains in a
setting where it makes sense yep yeah
like that man-bat the breakfast cereal
yep anonymous says even in not sure if
it's me but it seems as if later seasons
of Game of Thrones are full of plot
holes and consistencies do you have any
theories unto ye these are just glossed
over by critics and viewers I I mean you
know I don't super care for the show I
here's what I really believe I really
believe that 90% of the viewership of
Game of Thrones have also read the books
I really think that so many people have
read the books that they will know the
story however it's presented on the TV
show and I know like there there has
been some disagreement with my
interpretation of the show and that's
fine it's not a show I'm super into so
ah dick you missed Game of Thrones is an
incredibly popular book series that's
why it got made him to a show in the
first place
and then as soon as the show came out
I'm sure he liked just like the Harry
Potter thing Harry Potter was a wildly
popular book they became movies the book
became more popular
what is this books you speak of right
yeah books I know I did I didn't have a
little dig on Game of Thrones fans in
the Mario Rabbids video I also had a
couple more digs I don't know did you
watch the Mario rabbits video I want to
go up oh this morning I didn't know oh
okay
III made a little when I when I was
talking about the the the the index of
things I can't stand I made a little I
made a little chart with minions Rabbids
and then above above above minions is
Game of Thrones fans so I'm not gonna
earn many fans that way Jack I know
don't stir the pot - too bad too bad we
and we can we can disagree on things I
can be wrong on things everything's
gonna be fine everything's gonna be fine
you seem very sure about that about
things well I'm it's gonna be fine about
our disagreements on Game of Thrones
like the rest of the world might fall
into chaos but you know I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna lose any sleep over Game
of Thrones fans how about that yeah
yellow let me sub please yeah the cursor
doesn't match up with what what rich is
doing it's just a no BS Game Capture
thing and it's very strange and we're
seeing that too and I don't know why
that is but it is just an OBS Game
Capture thing obviously the cursor is
normal for us on the TV but
oh yeah the goop monsters yeah the goop
monsters let's see here phlearn dip says
there once was a couple of hacks with a
show about gaming learned if I'm not
sure if I understand the the cadence of
this rhyme there once were a couple of
hacks with a show about gaming and chats
team prereq were winners who got chicken
dinners and defeated that jason with
strats okay thank you Florida
don't forget that jack is an actual
clown it's true it's true I was I mean I
was an actual clown my clown shoes are
here ready to be ready to be used in any
sort of costume emergency that we need
them I fucking love the doom Slayer
yeah it's great to have the doom Slayer
on your team it's great to have the doom
Slayer on your team I was speaking of
doing that makes me that reminds me
there was it there's a new there's
there's a new trailer for the new
Wolfenstein game yeah getting kind of
hyped for it to play some Wolfenstein I
thought you were a types well I played
the new order and you know really like
to the levels but the cutscenes got
tiresome okay okay but you know like gin
in general like playing the playing
Wolfenstein is fine it's just all the
cutscenes all the time that was my that
was my issue but the new Wolfenstein
looks looks like it's going to be a lot
of silly action schlock so you have to
be ok with that
nice nice
I will try to give it a a decent dumit
up every time rich kills someone with
the dooms lair absolutely I will try to
remember
spurious machinery no well the the doom
Slayer has the axes and then moon girl
has has like a bolt gun caster thing but
now that she used an overwatch I show so
she has to reload before she can shoot
again right yeah yeah it's an alien
crossbow yeah kind of but if you don't
move you can reload and then shoot so if
you're a good defensive position and it
does have that higher aims that okay
let's see here casual horse oh no and
anonymous says I'm a junior software
developer yesterday while trying to fix
a bug on our website I accidentally made
it so you could place orders without
paying look at that civilians rescued 10
out of 10 9 18 out of 19 oh it's in
America oh hey that's pretty nice that's
really good that's real that's really
good yeah he did it he did it rich given
that I might be out of a job soon are
you hiring no no no sorry this is an
addition to Ward the chosen yeah we were
showing me this you can make a
propaganda posters
that's nice
paper texture on it
hopefully things didn't get too out of
control anonymous rescue 18 of 19
flawless well you're not really supposed
to do the those kind of missions while
saving all of the civilians be extremely
difficult but you've got a lot of them I
think that's it the flawless is
referring to no soldiers snow none of
your soldiers killed or none of your
soldiers wounded
yes while completing the objective which
was to save such-and-such percentage of
civilians yeah you got 99 that's how
that's how it judges whether or not
you're flawless hmm it's fine that's
that's a fine outing rich a fine outing
casual horses hi guys your reviews are
great I love the editing and all but
could you not record your discussions in
front of DVD cassettes it distracts the
shit out of me I mix the old pixel
thingies funny that you mention that
casual verse okay you should have you
should have just said okay we'll change
that right away oh okay let's get ready
to step in and do those well shit you
know what because you said so casual
whore sure we'll change it up for you
we'll change it up for you
I know you all mix miss the pixel things
they won't be coming back but I haven't
the janky I'm not fond of them we are
we're changing it up where we are
shooting the episodes and so yeah we
will be changed we will no longer be
shooting with all of the VHS and DVDs
behind us because I do understand that
that wasn't even though like I liked the
look of it it didn't necessarily theme
well with our show so yes we will switch
it up
this is from other DLCs not not the war
have you chosen one of the older DLCs mm
I'm not sure if I should do this mission
or wait until I have better equipment
what do you get
what do I got
oh no what do you get what's the reward
for doing this mission a robot a robot a
robot soldier fucking do it okay I mean
can you do it later yeah yeah okay I
mean a robot soldier would be awesome
don't you think
do you think doom guy would wait until
he had better equipment doom guy is
constantly obtaining better equipment
it's one of his top priorities that's
that's just how doom guy rolls that's a
bad argument my friend one engineer when
I think about the fire watch gates fire
watch gate I don't even want to know
it's interesting I overall I think it
was the wrong call so you know the the
PewDiePie thing okay no I don't I think
I heard something
he's the n-word yeah you know in a fit
of anger called another play of the
n-word during a live stream a lot of
people really upset at him we won't get
into that but in an act of retaliation
Campo Santo the makers of fire watch and
other games decided to decided to have a
DM Macy takedown of all of pewdiepies
videos with their content in them some
come a copyright you know copyright
claims on all of all of those videos
with with their games and DMCA Thank You
Brown Adam Sandler the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act which of course
they are well within their right to do I
don't think that was the right call to
make it but it's all I got absorbed into
the game what happened sorry sorry
they made him take down all of his
videos featuring their games through the
Copyright Act
okay okay MCA
I don't think that's the right just
because they didn't like a word he said
in a different video yeah yeah and it's
just like they can do that I think that
was the wrong call yeah you know you
know yeah it's just one of those things
I think there is an is it a legit DMCA
notice that was the question can they
can they do that of course they can okay
of course they can they are fully with
and you know whether you agree whether
that's right or not you know whether you
agree in the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act it's a whole different
conversation but they're well within
their rights to do it I don't
necessarily think that was the right I'm
less convinced that a game counts what
do you mean first something you could do
a DMCA takedown over
oh no footage of a game did clearly
states that you can right in fact I was
looking into this for other issues for
other things but no no it cleated it
very black-and-white says that you can
so it was a legitimate claim but they
made it for the wrong reason you know
what I'm saying hmm so it's like an
Nintendo does it all the time I just
gotta figure they're throwing their
weight around with YouTube though and
that was less is legal to do and more
their two bloods them do it it's very
legal to do I you know I think that's
one of those things where if they would
have you know spoken out against him and
just asked him to take down videos with
their games in him I think he would have
I don't think they needed to I think
that was a gross abuse of the copyright
claim system but how about that XCOM
someone asked me what I thought about it
that's what I I would not have made that
call even though they were in the right
to do it
so anyway back to 9/11 because you know
that's an easier topic to broach I get
all right let's well we've talked about
that I am Chester have you guys heard of
the cuphead controversy didn't
controversy was everything I think
controversy now I hate I hate modern
society everything's a controversy
everything a plug everything's a fucking
political nightmare these days because
because we can now now it's way easier
to talk to each other so we're all just
realizing that everyone's a dick in yeah
no we talked about that a little bit I
think that hope that whole controversy
is just a load of horseshit it was it
was this games writers first time
playing cuphead and he struggled in some
aspects of it and so then someone else
just took apart just took all of the
parts that he struggled and cut them
together and just be like is is this you
know the kind of games journalism you
want if they're not even good at the
game and I think that's a little
horseshit it takes different people
different time to learn the games many
game developers who I follow on Twitter
we're saying that the tutorial level
wasn't even that well designed I don't
care how good they are at the game I
care when it comes to trusting games
journalism I care about who's paying
them that's what I care about well and
like writing about a game is a very
different skill than playing a game like
if you can if if someone can articulate
to me their thoughts on whether or not
they liked aspects of the game I don't
care how long it took them to complete
the game 95% of your your income comes
from advertisements from yeah from game
publishers I had some I I guess you know
you get some conflictive conflict
adventures going on there and I don't
know if I can fully trust
you have to say sure sure agreed but
like to me this is just the biggest non
controversy of all fucking time alright
I'm not doing that now because my troops
are run away mission it would just be it
would just be dumb yeah let's see here
maybe something well maybe the next tip
is not about something controversial hey
rich did you hear about the remastered
zone of the enders the second runner
coming out next year for PC oh for PC
yeah oh that's nice I know they had the
one on the the PlayStation 3 oh okay
which is really nice so yeah I'm PC
that's great come down cool great what
rich have you heard about the zone of
the enders controversy have you heard
about that seems like it's been months
since the last prereq reviewed no we
it's probably it was fight like I'm what
a month between that and pub G between
Mario and pump you were like I think
there was a longer break between Mario
and pub G then we usually have but there
was nothing really that we felt like
playing so what do you think fuck about
our game reviews a lot of people do a
lot of people do rich people still like
them they still get the views it's also
optimized for VR that sounds like a
fucking nausea and a bottle
vr game where you play as a
free-floating robot that sounds like a
lot of puke like literal literal puke
like literal literal hey there commander
we're looking at the Avatar okay
funny how VR has not taken off it's
weird it's weird I did see someone sent
us someone sent us a clip of someone
someone is working on a feedback enabled
VR gloves okay it's a glove and it has
like pneumatics on this side of the
finger so like you know it'll stop you
if you grab something I'll stop your
fingers sort of you know feel like
you're picking something up sounds like
a wave where a hacker could actually
control you like a puppet hook oh no I
have to take the helmet off oh no mom
run I can't stop exactly all these all
these kids although all these kids are
gonna get it to feel virtual boobs
that may mean that made me want to crack
all of my knuckles sorry if you heard
that and don't like the sound of
knuckles cracking yeah you know vvr I
know there's been a lot of sales on on
VR equipment lately and it's still just
not quite enough to get me over that
hump some games would be nice some games
that I want to play I'm gonna have to go
to mountains I I saw I saw that rich did
you see the the trailer for the Tomb
Raider movie no didn't they do that
already they did they're making a new
tomb raider movie why based off of the
prequel game because the prequel game
made a lot of money and it's a chance to
have a pretty lady running around and
shooting stuff
yeah it looks generic action-adventure
yeah it didn't look like anything
special it looked a lot like the other
Tomb Raider movie she has to solve a
puzzle and I mean there's a mystery and
she'll be raiding a tomb I assume so so
that's all I got
nothing nothing you what Q John de
Lancie I'm listening oh yeah 100 on it
he's like he hasn't he has like effects
on his voice and he's sounding raspy and
I just wanted to hear it back then
because it's gonna be nothing gunfire
yeah your turn oh wait no no yeah I
could do this sorry thank to the singing
game I forgot the sound turned down
in-game sure because I was listening to
other things while playing this which is
something that because they have fucked
the lore with this by by just going full
full generic cheese yeah
oh good oh good yeah let's see here J
fresh - says hey Jack I will be at
Baltimore Comic Con this weekend
Joshua Dysart writer of Harbinger and
imperium will be there do you have any
questions regarding his books that I
should ask him
no no just you know I just enjoy his
books no no questions but thank you
thank you for offering those are fine
books it's uh it's always nice when
there you go so yeah now actually in OBS
you might need to turn it up a little
yeah there ya see what that does
there we go now well that might be the
way we'll see well yeah a lot of people
will complain that the aggressions they
always complain always deck
everyone always complains nada isn't
that a day if someone isn't complaining
we have not talked about Orval episode -
did you have anyone seen it now so
here's what I'll say I'm not you know
I'm not gonna spoil anything for rich
obviously it's not necessarily a spoiler
or rific show
I liked episode two better than Episode
one completely coincidentally there was
less jokes and less Seth MacFarland in
Episode two we completely coincidentally
need more jokes
no there were less jokes so it's still
not a comedy which I'm fine with
alright
so so jack is very wrong about the
subjects that yeah I I like the I like
the star treky stuff in the show and I
wish they would stop trying to make
jokes all the damn time
why rather have no jokes than jokes that
just don't land like most of the jokes
in the first episode that's my problem
that's my problem yeah amen dingus the
the ship looks look looks great I like
the the out side design of the ship I
think that looks super neat I don't know
if in Episode two like they changed it
up a little bit because they're out of
the pilot but look slick as hell
you have no idea which one of these is
worth it will be easier to hit
increasing your squads
aim that's that's nice you hit him once
and then everyone else gets to hit him
easier or you know what's that's nice
I think they're finding their stride
maybe maybe like I said I think we know
one of one of my big problems with the
show is I don't think that Seth
McFarland has any discernable acting
range and for the lead of the show I
would like you know something to look at
besides his dead eyes I'm sorry but I
once again I thought you know like the
plot was clever I thought they did some
interesting things and there were there
are good aspects and bad aspects but
mostly bad I'm just never going to get
the scan he is he is a he is a great
voice actor he knows how to he knows how
to be a great voice actor
see here dr. doom it up says Jack I just
heard about your visit to Rosenheim and
it blew my mind that's the city I grew
up in and went to school for nine years
most likely at the same time you were
there what school were you at I don't
remember the name of it because I I
never went to class I we went drinking
instead we when we were supposed to go
to class
me and the other Americans would leave
and go into town and find a bar that was
because as the story goes I didn't take
German as a second language I didn't
take any second language I was just on
the trip to go on it the second I send
them on the mission what happens I get I
get a coat I get a mission the second I
send them out on covert action I can't
use those soldiers bullshit
so in any case there's not much I know
about rosenheim because I was I was
dicking around dicking around most of
the time
no riches play next time she's tired I'm
tired I could take her but I risk
getting like some negative trades and
I'm freaking out no it's it's risky
bringing a time she needs a two-day nap
she's a two-day nap man me name give you
a name let's see here possibly two of
its two short ones monkey effect eight
all right monkey first name monkey last
name Fett eight feted f e TT eight
squad Green to deploy
Oh like that Jack with a beard that's
not even full beard man that's Jack with
stubble how did you not name that guy
guile I'm not a street fighter fanboy
for one right and we named them after
people in the chat yeah pjsalt 420
that's that was that's Jack with stubble
Jack I had a giant beard at one point
what came out first the original X
Commerce Street Fighter is Epson oh
that's a homage to the original XCOM the
soldiers some of them well a lot of them
were drama that goofy has a funny hair
yeah sure sure let's see here
streetfighter by a lot right
street fighter to buy all right I'm
talking about specifically whatever
character you guys are referencing not
not the franchise right I'm wondering
where that hair came from okay so I
specifically next time was 94 John de
Lancie yeah we're talking during John de
Lancie and I feel bad
and that was cute the man was cute okay
so original ex-con was 94 guile debuted
in the original Street Fighter in 91 ok
so so yes he is
he beat it he beat him out by a couple
years
yeah it was the second service this is
not gonna happen
got it covered
a full beard and crap nothing's coming
up at that picture rich Evans Vietnamese
son I'm sure they're there it's out
there I'm sure there are pictures of me
with with a giant beard and hair
somewhere who knows where
sneak sneak sneak sneak
let's see here hunchback Jackson's
hijack and rich have you guys ever
played ronan on stream i somehow
remember such a stream happening but
could not find it on youtube
am i turning senile i just not happen i
don't know what rana is i I also don't
know what Ronan is so you are turning so
you know
oh yeah see that's not even full beer
that's that's pretty good beard and I
had even a larger beard than that that's
a good one though that's a good you know
Jack with some hair and beard by the way
you know the accidents full neck beard
what you can throw the axe free move
once permission
that's pretty fucking awesome that is
pretty fucking awesome right there rich
dooma dooma dooma dooma tup you got your
fucking shotgun doom it up there you go
that's great
oh I bet there's gonna be a Jedi mod for
that character I'm gonna make this guy
eat the Paladins I'm gonna have purple
lightsaber so that's what will Jedi mods
for all games that's true that's they're
gonna yeah
thanks Tiberius
Oh mom I think someone is linking to the
Jedi mob that's already available right
for that character specifically it
currently has five out of five stars and
350 for ratings yeah yeah you can use
force powers force alignment well is
that the wrath of the chosen or was that
just unrelated I figured that would just
reskin that character type as Jedi oh
let's see here for vanilla not lw2 or l
WPP users what does that mean long war
too long war one of the long Wars
oh so this mag could actually be for the
first one yeah this it looks like a
whole like class this is just a whole
thing oh my god you can be Darth Maul of
course you can of course you can that's
great that's great
good on you guys
you saw Star Wars once yeah Thank You
captain molar I also like the new
overlay I think it works great figured
out our camera placement we are having a
lot of issues though part so part of the
reason why we were late to the stream
today is one OBS crashed approximately
30 times we just could not get it to
stay open and every time we did get it
to stay open it would no longer
recognize our el gato gambling which was
a big problem because for the cam blink
there's like three different filters we
need to put on it so then every time we
had to reattach a cam link we have to
put the three different filters on it
you can't a big pain in the ass so I
will be looking into some new streaming
software if OBS doesn't get their shit
together
but yeah I really like the new overlay I
think it looks good
that's great so and it is it's
open-source software and you know it is
free to use we have donated to them a
couple times just because obviously we
make money off of it and so I was dumb I
did a dumb oh you did it dumb dummy dumb
dumb dumb oh so I did want to make sure
that you know we pay our fair do but I
I'm looking at some other options I know
there are other options out there last
time I checked they they were like
monthly subscription options and to me
that's a little I don't know I don't
know about that but you know we'll see
we're gonna see if we can do a little
bit better do it up
do it up oh I wanted to close up on that
the slow-mo close-up of the axe drop I'm
sorry
getta but I'm using death it just falls
over oh you have slain me
when in doubt doom it up absolutely see
here Anonymous's I haven't been able to
catch the streams lately so here you go
I'm playing horizon zero dawn and I feel
like it was drowned out because of
breath of the wild I'm fucking loving it
and regretting it not buying it sooner
yeah I really liked horizon zero dawn I
know you had your aiming issues cuz
there's a lot of aiming it's fine but
but I I enjoyed it I think one of these
days I might come back to the DLC though
it's been a long time since I played it
oh you're alive that's point perhaps
your focus can help you right
but yeah no I I really enjoyed horizon
zero dawn night that was one of those
where I didn't I didn't finish it in
time for the review but I did finish it
after the view like I made a point to
finish that game because I really I
really like to rise in zero dog
I got a 10-minute ban during the horizon
zero done solo stream sorry Chuck Fox if
I ban dia I'm sorry or if someone ban
dia that happens sometimes
I really enjoyed horizon spends entire
forest from getting blackout drunk I did
not get blackout drunk dreamer TK I was
just regular drunk and I was having a
great time even though my focus helped
me a lot
no it was because I called the mobs fat
asses well then what do you expect man
you deserve it okay well great
great
got some goods here
get some loot
so retreat
we all not a dry Jack was drunken so
it's fair I was you know I was home I
wasn't driving anywhere I was late at
night I was drinking you know I was
drinking let's see here anonymous I'm
not gonna read that hammer cap
Jack how about black mask as the brains
and deathstroke
as the muscle industrial espionage
sabotage and could involve both phases
of our hero maybe a couple C or D less
villains as fodder her for our
hypothetical Batman movie with cannon
villains I could see Deathstroke I and I
mean like I think you have two different
movies there because I think a problem
that could pop up in in a Batman movie
is that you could be overwhelmed by
villains you don't want to toss the
entire rogues gallery in your first
movie back but like just a black mask
mob story I'd be great just a Batman has
to deal with Deathstroke who's in town
for a different job and Batman has to
figure out how to stop him and
Deathstroke is an incredible badass
that'd be great
I think there's lots of good options
there that and that we won't see any of
them we're not going to see us I keep
actually instinctively looking over here
rich yeah and that's not where the
camera is the cameras over here now I
might be doing the same thing and like
every time I want to talk to the chat
I've been going over here but it's over
here I need to talk to the chat over
there that's gonna be hard to get used
to the camera is now on the left of our
TV and it's always been on the right of
our TV
and up it
what about Euro friendly Lego streams
I've been thinking I've been thinking
about a day to do it because I'd like to
make it a regular thing the Euro
friendly Lego stream really really not
not like every week that would be that
would be silly maybe maybe like once a
month twice a month like every other
Tuesday what happens when your kids are
too old for Leos right you just start
dumping them on the floor so you have
the stream did you actually start the
stream by dumping the Legos like I'll
just take apart a bunch of Legos no now
we gotta organize them there's nobody
there's nobody building anything you
just gotta take the bins you've
organized you dump them on the floor and
mix them up mix them up so yeah but I
was also like I was thinking about what
day to do it so for me I was thinking
either Tuesday Tuesday late morning or
Thursday's late morning and Thursdays
late morning might not work maybe you
made it Friday yeah you know I'll figure
it out
but yes it is coming it will be
happening a semi-regular Lego sorting
Jack solo stream
so speaking of Legos Legos have you seen
the new absurd collective series
Millennium Falcon for like yeah that's
like what the thousands of dollars I
don't get it
I don't get it you okay well like a Lego
a lego car really put a Lego minifigure
there it's it's cute yeah even a Lego
Millennium Falcon that's pretty neat
yeah the time you get like the kind of
detail they're putting into the
collector series wouldn't you rather
just go buy an actual model and not have
the Lego studs on it
so my counter-argument it sort of like
for me for me right yes if I only
because it's not like they're gonna play
with the Falcon right they're going to
put it up on a display shelf right so
for me yes I would rather have a model
paint it really nice yeah have a like a
replica like a like a stage replica 25
for me yes for the people buying it one
it's twice the nerd cred because not
only is it a Star Wars thing it's a Star
Wars Lego thing yeah so you get nerd
cred for the Star Wars thing you get
nerd cred for the Lego thing too
most people don't want to the
intricacies of building a model putting
Legos together is fairly simple yeah the
in have you seen that thing have you
seen that thing I have but there are
clear instructions I've seen the
instruction book - it's like the guy
from Mythbusters uh yeah he's got that
tested show on YouTube yeah yeah
subscribe he put one of those 13 people
building that 13 people helping to build
that shit are you gonna tell me that's
not that level that it's that Lego world
work isn't also intricate only arguably
the end product isn't as cool my my my
argument is that it is easier for
someone to build that than it would be
to build a model because there are clear
instructions to follow intricate might
have been the wrong word but I think it
would be easier for someone to build
that that's model building for you know
for less mental exhaustion
yeah Legos are easy they just take time
they all have clear directions
$3,000 is that true is that fucking true
I don't get it I don't at that level I
don't get it
$3,000
the place fucking gaming PC two of them
you could buy like 20 the guy in little
sex like top-of-the-line gaming pcs oh
no it started off at 8 at 800 which is
still and now because it's sold out
everywhere that's selling for 3,000 okay
all right then 800 that's still one
decent gaming PC let's do it let's say
you want to spend 800 on Legos how many
regular giant sets could you get for 800
not that many Legos are front expense
girls are pretty expensive now comically
that's it let's see that's crazy I mean
and I'm a Lego person I love Legos I
would not spend $800 on a Lego
Millennium it was 300 in 2002 not 800
this is a new model this year they've
come out with a new one this is the new
Lego Millennium Falcon yeah then they
have like a number of them it hasn't
been just two even I don't think yeah
well they got like three of the ones
they just sold them like Toys R Us for
kids for like 150 to 200 right and then
the ultimate collector series are just a
different beast altogether for adults
and I've been like two of those maybe
three I think - yeah it does that
doesn't make sense me and you know like
yeah but you're absolutely right for the
people that are buying this aren't
buying it to play with it they're not
buying it
so like add and make their own creations
they're buying it to display it and then
wine
get a nicer model probably fall apart
you tried to move it so why not why not
spend $800 on like a super awesome
Millennium Falcon model
you just want me to see what lazy fell
Bohr Oh at some sites this is for New
Zealand yes could you take a look at
that price for New Zealand has anybody
actually paid that price prize I have no
idea someone someone sent me a link to a
fish pond whatever fish pond is it's
selling for $11,000 in New Zealand
that's gotta be one guy as a lark put
that up there though and that's all it's
the only one they have because no one
else would buy it or you can get it for
six thousand dollars shipped to the US
newer used I'm my guess is this is
scalpers yeah I bet they were Lego
there were Lego scalpers who bought up a
bunch and and now are reselling them I'm
not on the eBay market that's insane
that is absolutely fucking insane made
even more saying if anyone actually
spends that money because that is crazy
that's fuckin crazy
we can't establish any new contacts
until we upgrade our systems let's see
here Santa GAC's has rewatched feeding
frenzy recently I was hoping rich could
reprise some classic lines got to play
the hits kids don't remember I don't
remember a lot of my lines from that
movie at all honesty Santa Jack is
saying Goods good for that grits eating
motherfucker that grits eating
motherfucker eat it eat it with your
mouth he didn't eat it with your mouth
still got a rich still got it we should
do what we can to take them down before
they hit again our people seem to work
well together commander Jonathan Frakes
the chosen is getting more details
Jonathan Franks let's see here anonymous
says to be fair the guy who failed that
cup head gave the original mass effect
at an underscore I was later found out
that he did not put any skill points of
his character that's all I got it's all
I got playing I well I what I am here's
what I'm absolutely sure of this is
something absolutely sheriff on average
for any person who has ever played a
video game if someone were to watch them
play like just watch a recording of
their entirety of a playthrough you
could cut together some dumb bonus every
gamer makes dumb mistakes here and there
for every game ever played it doesn't
matter if he's a professional journalist
every gamer does that and that's fine
because that's how games are meant to be
played you make a mistake and you learn
you make a mistake and you learn
oh my god the officer says rich is my
most trusted games journalist he doesn't
have a degree in writing or journalism
but he rescued 18 out of 19 civilians
and didn't even lose a soul when it
comes to ex-cons I trust rich Evans
absolutely absolutely okay desperately
need another engineer no and I don't
know anything about mass effects so I'm
not speaking about this writer and Mass
Effect's or anything I'm just that's
specifically the cuphead thing is
there's a lot to not like about the
combat no and and Mass Effect one yeah
it's really bad okay
