Episode 176
John Hotcock (Part 1)
September 27, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNTZqZinP9w
___________________________________________

alright there's our summer sound yep
alright what's up turn down for what
what's up audio lives is this a bit some
words which which part great so the
these are these technical difficulties
is technically speaking those were
technical difficulties but they were
further greater good as rich and I
recently switched over to a new
streaming software that we are testing
out right now it's too loud no it's fine
that's never gonna be perfect - I don't
know we didn't recordings and they
didn't seem too loud actually we did
recordings and it seemed too soft yeah
this is a weird thing
so we fear change yes yeah we we've
we're testing out tonight X splits as
it's a different bit of streaming
software than what we've been using for
three years right and so we're going to
we're gonna see if it's working audio is
fine audio is good no one you know OBS
works for us obvious works you'll have
to tell me if the Oh My gods are too
loud because I actually we might need to
rework those rich is loud whatever not
loud right well good hey you figured it
out
oh my god that's perfect great well
fucking great welcome it well no add the
when I when I did my solo Lego sorting
stream on Sunday oh yeah you redid the
oh my god well I just had it everything
hooked up to my macbook like it always
has been but apparently in the Mac
version of OBS studio there's no way to
adjust the sound of those oh yeah huh
and so it was crazy loud oh yeah yeah
incredibly loud oh my god the original
recording and I tried several things to
fix that and nothing worked and so it
was just very very loud for people for
the entire three hours of sorting like
this so there you go good it was so loud
and I'm very very sorry about that but
there was nothing I could do
I actually just tried to in fact just
turn the whole thing off and it wouldn't
it just kept happening everything could
not stop it I could not stop it I'm
sorry
it's alright how the language sorting
stream go um I probably won't do it
again
yeah mostly because lo well well or
maybe it's like there's a lot of
technical problems like really it was
three hours I got a lot of Lego source
we talked about some nonsense and I
drank some beers so it was fine but my
audio setup wasn't great and so I was
kind of quiet the Oh My gods were really
loud yeah yeah
thank you it didn't work perfectly but
you know biscuit was there that's right
biscuit was there people loved biscuit
so it was me and well and like the other
thing I'll need to figure out is like
I'll need like a I need a chair because
I'm sitting on the floor while sorting
Legos for three hours you need a table I
need a table and I have a table in the
basement so I need a way to set
everything up on a table you you sound
like you're going to do this again
I have no immediate plans to do it
anytime soon but if it arises again I
want to do it better
so why doesn't the new version of twitch
not show current number of viewers
doesn't I don't refresh your page I
don't know yeah well let's see here's
the thing rich I put it to a vote
yeah and and I gave people three choices
cuz you know you had to work that night
so I'm doing a job on the stream so I
put it to Twitter it's a Jack solo
stream you get three choices you get
heat signature yeah a brand-new game you
get Pub G with the chest oh my god
I would I I did it I put it out that I
said yeah oh my god or you can watch me
sort my children's Legos and Legos one
and these bastards chose Lego sorting
and I'm fuckin like that it was over it
was ten percent over we're over a
thousand people voted 46 percent wanted
Lego sorting and only 30-some wanted pub
G as the next alright alright right so
here we have we're gonna play a little
heat signature tonight because a rich
likes the concept of it so let's hit
play and see if it automatically shows
up on xsplit
oh my god it does Hey
alright so what what is this game so
this game is a little bit amazing it is
I'm swimming you've played at something
I've plated something I have a few hours
in it's hotline Miami by way of FTL okay
so you have you can pit well you know
actually we can start and I think yeah
you can replay the tutorial
so it's hotline Miami by way of FTL
where at any point you can pause the
game and set up actions uh-huh and then
once you do the action a ton pauses but
you can pause again immediately and so
why don't we just have you play the
tutorial and and see how you like
epitaxy zyv voted legos as a joke and
then saw it was winning yeah Oh actually
rich why don't you head over to xsplit
there and just turn the game audio down
because it's probably it's probably
significantly Lou oh okay just one all
the way down
yeah like probably bears okay okay
he's very loud yep right I think that's
the same with a lot of elections not
just brexit some people might have made
some bad decisions but that's fine
that's fine you know why because we had
a decent time sorting Legos we talked
about some nonsense and that's all that
matters
okay
they expect the lines be like the
thrusts I expect to be going the other
way thank you well it's space and you
got you got momentum here you know
and there were zero spiders encountered
for my lego sorting stream I had my
little vacuum downstairs with me just in
case a spider popped them oh there's
brake yeah that would help me go that's
pretty good break
look yep whoa how do I talk I just hit
the oh is that car again um no you're
hitting this spaceship do you see the
the load there's a little arrow over
there I'll see you going over here yeah
thank you
it is interesting
I'll bet it's nice yep he's gonna click
the
items in this list to teleport them to
you
so down there teleport items on this
ship to you
right here no I'm yes where's the item
oh by the way so this is what to me
makes this game so interesting
okay is I think the premise is fantastic
but the user interface is possibly one
of the worst I've ever encountered so it
hit pause again the so the items are
underneath there like go go down go down
that that's the key yeah those are the
items
it's a non-lethal melee weapon
left-click face breaker to make it your
main attack so that's how you quip stuff
is you right or left I think they wanna
quit now that just equips it to
Lightfoot oh ok so then if you have two
weapons you know
my taste is good
it's
them too
pause a lot right okay so now you see
the bow the zoom is fantastic
oh yes yeah you need this room sorry I
should have told you about that oh they
just told you about that and so you if
you see that gun has a bit of a red so
that means you just use your gun so it
has a cool-down
but you can set up your face breaker to
to hit him with your datum with your
regular place
guards guard sound the alarm if they
hear a shot find a body or see you the
countdown hits zero you'll be captured
where's the countdown what does the
countdown
I don't know I'm post taking out the
captain cancels the countdown
there's no countdown this is just this
Safari
thank you
I actually we're watching this at a
big-screen TV and I want to make the
text larger it's not just you it has one
of the worst user interfaces you can't
increase the size of that text you can't
not that I know of
oh that's awful yes and there's a lot of
text and it's not laid out in any
particular particularly easy-to-read
fashion that's it's one of the biggest
problems with the game once you can get
over that and it takes a while to get
over that you can do some really cool
stuff all right how do I take the helm
oh you see it's a tiny little thing it
says E if you press the E
yeah I can't I can't even read that and
we're watching this sound like a huge TV
giant screen that's not very far away
from this yep it's kind of like a maybe
lower the resolution that's a fantastic
idea
oh sure thanks bad Milo nice idea rich
can't talk too much about Star Trek and
I blame myself well because I haven't
why am i shooting myself into space
this seems stupid that seems absolutely
stupid
sure does you like Star Trek discovery
without spoilers is everything I thought
it was going to be a a dour drama with a
focus on action over any substance and
with a main character you you just want
to see die a completely unlikable
utterly hopelessly unlikable main
character and her nzi stand she's like
100% the focus of everything it's
horrible
frenzy it's not on Netflix here in the
States
I have to pay six dollars a month for
CBS all access
no it wasn't social a social justice
warrior propaganda Star Trek has always
been diverse it's just a really fucking
really shitty unlikable main character
and there are no other crew members that
could focus not oh well there you go
so I'm not looking necessarily looking
forward to it I'm waiting for maybe
another episode to come out and I bet
they have some sort of free trial so
I'll at least watch the first like three
episodes and and then cancel my CBS all
access basically a imagine house if if
house weren't interesting or funny a
wait but house is a horrible asshole if
the show wasn't interesting or funny I
probably wouldn't like it very much
that's that's how I feel about discovery
also yeah it's the absolute blandest
version blandest
blandest version of the Klingons we've
ever seen that's too bad
okay I'm very sorry they take war of the
chosen to the next level on earth and
fighting and honor I fight with all my
reasons for doing things yes we felt
sure honor culture honor culture fight
fight Your Honor culture rich
even blender than TOS gos Klingons were
were mustache twirling villains they
were they were they were devious
deceitful
they were just generic villains like the
Klingons you know are nothing like the
tos Klingons the Klingons have changed a
lot and this is just another change it's
just it's not a change for the better
exchanged for the blender yeah okay all
right well yeah I'm sorry we can't get
into more into it I will watch it and
rich and I will have a more in-depth
conversation but I didn't get around to
it I'm sorry I had to I was busy
watching other things because I recently
filmed the thing yeah no I like flying
through space okay so I was busy
watching a couple other things that I
needed to walk I'm gonna around see if I
can get them text bigger oh sure via
graphics
no resolution wait
changing the resolution is not an option
it's just not an option
what well look at that is there a main
menu that the game started in that we
skipped no no it goes right into the
game when you started and you can't
change the resolution and the text is
hopelessly small ah god that's horrible
a really bad user interface rich a
really very bad user interface change
the OS resolution then for a game that's
really annoying and here here's what I'm
here's what I'll say not my fuck with
the screen I don't want to do that that
could fuck with the stream and also once
you get once you know the controls it's
really less of an issue but UI is hard
to do I know you I is hard to do and I
think this game is made by literally one
person it's the same person who made
gunpoint yeah and so I think it's just a
one-person game and the game itself is
interesting and can be really exciting
if you can get over the utterly utterly
garbage user interface so alright why
aren't you guys playing the new cartoony
pub G cause it sounded good too rich
what does cartoony pub G well today
we'll talk about that right now
so click to remote control your table is
what that says rich the cursor so tiny
and now you get to catch yourself which
by the way so this whole game is all
about boarding people ships and then you
know stealing stuffer or completing a
task right and so a viable strategy can
be to fling yourself out the window so
you can catch yourself which is really
neat
okay so fort night Battle Royale
have you ever played a fortnight game a
game called fort night sounds familiar
it's it's a game and it's it's all about
like Bill you know like using resources
and Bill it's like a third-person
shooter and stuff they have a
free-to-play version that is fortnight
battle royale and in other words it is
exactly pub G but with fortnight up to
the fact that you are on a an island to
start with it's a hundred players they
drop you they drop you from a floating
thing go down to a city it has a
parachute thing it's exactly pub G look
exactly up G
but with Fort Worth Fort building
and so at any point like if you gather
enough resources you could build a
little wall to cover it okay okay I
played it a little bit it's also free to
play so that's like one pot I'll play
that a little bit yeah I got a couple
hours into it and it has some pros and
some cons one Pro that's also a common
there's no hiding in the grass which is
a con cuz you know hiding the grass is
kind of fun right the pro is you usually
know who kills you and how they killed
you right they simplify a few things
like instead of instead of like
memorizing the numbers for like what
bullets go with what guns they just have
three bullet sizes small bullet large
bullet and explosive round and so like
that's it
if you've got a handgun if you got a
small machine gun small bullet you got a
big machine gun big bullet if you have a
grenade launcher or missile launcher
explosive on boom that's it
hide the bush that's right my man bush
stress so it's pub G for dummies kind of
its kind of pub G for dummies except for
the collecting resources and building
forts aspect of it it actually takes the
whole born inside the white circle thing
to a whole new level because it also has
you know a shrinking map except for they
call it the eye of the storm not the
blue line of death but if you if you're
inside the eye of the storm you can
actually like to really hunker down
fortify like build a fort someplace like
really kind of make a little fortress
but I have no idea what I'm supposed to
do it oh you're supposed to retire how
do I retire like that oh okay so now you
choose your person and if you look on
the left here each person starts with a
different oh so you don't play as that
character the character was just
tutorial okay yeah and so your
characters are procedurally generated
and so like that that person has a sword
and a knockout gun a concussive gun
that's not a bad thing yeah yeah a
wrench knocks people out no gun no gun
keek loners are pretty nice though
shotgun long blade this looks
interesting it's a shame I am so deep
into War of the chosen which despite
despite my love-hate relationship with
the fatigue system I do like war of the
chosen okay I have two deaths this
current Robbie I'm sorry
Mojo's back no no that's good oh okay
two deaths is really good okay and I got
two of the chosen dead wait which one of
the chosen the lame villains that they
introduced okay the boss their boss
battles and ex-con - oh they got two of
them down I got two him down that's
great yeah yeah oh okay that's great
rich was actually playing XCOM when I
got in today but we had some work to do
we had a little bit of the room to clean
up we had to export to download all that
fun stuff so
if if this gets tiresome rich can just
play Marco I I think you should probably
play this for a bit
my head is not here right now okay I can
see the I could see where this would be
really interesting well let's just have
you do one yeah that sounds fine how do
I go easy yeah so steal the a sterling
prototype and so like again horrible UI
right yeah I like that they just throw
this information at you in in such an in
elegant fashion like gar I mean that's
I'm assuming that that's the kind of
guards who are there those are the kind
what they're armed with right exactly
and then if you go to Mission details
like if you trigger the alarm
this needs to be in a box that says
mission details and the text needs to be
you know beatable right in the middle of
the screen
oh sure this can take up half the screen
right now yeah already the whole screen
you click on it it goes good good real
mission details yeah maybe we get a
little fun lower animation that's right
you're not so I'm not selling this game
because we're not playing it yeah wait
until you get into the actual level I
think this is what you need to play if
you have an idea what you're doing this
way I don't like playing games the first
time on stream oh okay sure well yeah if
you want especially if it's something a
little bit you know complicated you want
me to take over uh yeah actually I do
okay I do that's funny yeah take this oh
it doesn't do the game any favours it
doesn't do us any favors we have no idea
what we're doing and playing for the
first time oh yeah no I've been playing
for a while so I know what I'm doing
it's gotta get my you guys watch the
Orval I think rich would probably like
it more than discovery that is true I
still think the Orval is very flawed
very flawed it's got
it's got tone issues no that's a good
way to put it that's fine for some it
has seth macfarlane issues you could be
a comedy you can be a drama you could be
a blend of both but don't switch now
we're a comedy and then Boop now we're
dramatic right
I don't know oh it's like it's like when
they do a joke and it's like the only
joke you see in the episode though they
have two jokes in an episode and it's
like out of place it's like what well
and you know what all their jokes are
like pop culture you know 90s mm pop
culture reference which I get like
that's their audience these characters
would not be making 400 year old pop
culture references and only specifically
400 year old pop culture references
right not 300 year old pop culture
references to them or 200 year old
specifically they only reference the
21st century right and it's really weird
for them to do that it is every episode
they seem to reference something from
our you know last couple of decades and
it's it's really upsetting but like this
last episode was again pretty Star Trek
II like it was dealing with some bigger
theme oh it's alien it's more of a Star
Trek show than discovery
yeah yeah only I'm willing to give or
I'm willing to wait on Orville because
you know season one of TMG pretty bad
sure pretty bad
they took them a while to get their shit
together maybe the same thing here I
don't know
discovery ain't gonna do it you don't
think we'll see once we get to the
actual pilot episode and not the two
episode preamble to a pilot episode you
know that's the thing that gets me most
I'm giving I'm giving discovery two more
episodes at most okay but those first
two episodes oh my god I did not like
him very much
so and this and this is a brutal is a
brutal fistfight near the end of episode
2 and I'm that was a Star Trek how Star
Trek come to this brutal gory fistfight
with swords
you know I to be Kirk fought the Gorn
was it a bloody brutal fistfight but
television standards had certainly
changed
Star Trek ever really referenced
literature and things from after the
21st century well it's hard to do
because you know they actually don't
have a 22nd century to reference they
then make up names and things now and
then they do do that oh of course they
do like this poet wrote in young 20 2104
right this is this is our our clans most
famous poet but obviously it's vague
because they're just making shit up
right
and they'll usually throw it in with
like a reference to something we do know
like with you know Abraham Lincoln but
the Gettysburg Address or fritzman hoop
job at the at the oration at 5:00 that's
exactly what they do
god forbid Star Trek expand its
repertoire and try injecting something
new into the show what dumb actions
finally rich they finally interjected
dumbass shitty main unlikable main
character Wow groundbreaking what
discovery
you know deep space 9 did a Warren's
face and they did like very
intelligently like like seasons worth of
diplomacy to try and stop the war from a
panic before they actually did it
Deep Space 9 was extremely smart about
doing Star Trek with war discovery was
not
it's very cinematic visually it's
gorgeous
Oh and so that's something yeah
something it's something largely
superficial sure it cinematically cinema
a scimitar furs watching that going yeah
fuck yeah fuck yeah
rich oh there any positive aspects this
year there you go great cinematography
discovery is bland Star Wars I think you
take all the fun out of Star Wars yes
that's about what discovery is I imagine
JJ trek without the light fun heart hot
light-hearted fun tone you suck that out
of it oh my god that's the only thing
that made you oh there you go
why didn't you fly the ship back I don't
think it gives me anything extra I guess
it might but I don't know after if you
if you take over a ship like you can
just kill everyone on board and fly the
ship back to your base and it might give
you extra money but I don't think it
does ok so I just took my pot back there
any good reason not to I guess not
if you kill if everyone's dead
I got a lot of shit here how was the
music in the show rich oh the opening
credits are hysterical with how horribly
they contrast with the show itself this
is kind of hopeful dude that's the
beauty shots of the discovery almost
this almost like like drawings they love
it the show thank you yeah that's too
bad
maybe they'll find it
well that was nothing
we upset that the Klingons were no
longer sporting silly haircuts no I was
more upset that they were blended with
motivations that were just stupid they
they are completely uninteresting
but TNG managed to have some pretty neat
Klingon politics episode sure sure get
some good stuff this carefree just our
religion tells us to do this we're gonna
do it sure
oh let's hi people
that's interesting no check this out so
I need this key this guard has a keycard
he is a level 2 keycard right so here's
what I'm gonna do this is this is where
the game starts to get a little fun I'm
gonna use my long-range swapper and swap
with this guy right here ready then
pause again and then take my long blade
here and kill cool yeah so it can lead
to some really interesting
tactics yeah hide the bodies because if
if the enemy discovers bodies you can
pick up the bodies yeah how do you hide
them specifically just kind of you know
like this guy's just out in the open so
I'm gonna put him over here in this like
alcove thing look up there's no like
chambers or anything okay my mission is
to assassinate this person who else is
over here just the captain they turned
them into less interesting JEM Hadar oh
yeah yeah Jim Hadar from Deep Space nine
the Warriors that the Dominion used
- guys over here
well chat if you're looking for
uplifting Star Trek discovery is
certainly not the place to get it
too bad rich are you going to continue
watching Star Trek Discovery III I
wondered two more episodes give it a
chance cuz like I said this doesn't feel
like the actual pilot to the show that
the first two episodes feel like the the
backstory not to what's going to end up
being the real pilot Oh
that's the part that's most of sitting
here telling me about that earlier and
you talked about that earlier and it's
like you know they're your two episodes
in and it doesn't even feel like the
show got started yet yeah it's like we
got a we got a movie yeah so long pilot
this is you know it this should have
been flashbacks interspersed throughout
the rest of the show yeah how do our
main character get in this predicament
then we flowey we learn a little bit
more each episode sure that's what this
should have been yes yeah now we're
starting off and I already hate her
I see no redemption I have no interested
seeing any kind of redemption she's
horrible I want her to suffer that's how
I'm starting the show I want to see the
main character suffer and I think that's
what that's what they want I don't know
no of course it's not what they want of
course it's not what they want that's
silly rich hates Michael I do
I despise Michael for anybody who's
mildly confused her name is Michael
watts
her name is a boy's name isn't it Mikoto
no it's Michael yeah they just call her
Michael they just call her Michael like
not me gel or Mitchell even Mitchell
might be a girl's name Michael is it
spelled weird I haven't seen it spelled
I've just heard people call her by name
McHale we'll try a hard mission I've
been playing I've been playing a lot so
we're gonna try a hard mission here
the future Michael is also a girl's name
and it's not a big deal it's just okay
if you're a if you're talking to
somebody it might be weird well it like
that her name's Michael what I was
making
right right can this shirt you want you
trying to doc if you go if you go into
these they shoot you down but uh like
you you would think that if you if you
clink on the ship enough eventually
they'll the guards will just be alerted
so far I haven't noticed that but oh who
is John and why has his talk so hot me
wonderful I hope people get the joke I
didn't die first you had to explain it
to me you like the upper I explained it
oh yeah
okay this game is called what is it
called heat signature heat signature
what's another what's what's another
name for a signature what do they call
that
it's your John Hancock mm-hmm so a heat
signature would be a John hot cock
that's why I titled the stream John hot
cock
so here this will be a bullshit this
will be a fun point so see these two
guards here they're out in the open and
there's not a lot of ways I can get to
them cuz this guy has a shield so he can
reflect all my bullets right but what I
have is a teleporter a wrench and a long
blade so I'm gonna use my teleporter
it's a teleport right next to these
motherfuckers
pause use my long blade on this
motherfucker
which didn't seem to work something I
need to see no I'm just I'm just kind of
explaining to people what's going on in
case they are curious I stick my
silenced gun and shoot this guy but
where you see this alarm that supposedly
goes up that we have to worry about a
certain number of being gotten to I
haven't been caught yet
so or is it just it just doesn't show up
in general
work what's with his blue shield here
usually my so I'm about to get kicked
off the ship
you know it didn't raise the alarm it
probably should have but here's the
thing they just kicked me off the ship
so I can actually come back to the ship
your loom should be on top but I didn't
see it thank you
so don't know why my Chan I have not
seen any new duck tails episodes yet
other than the first one and I kinda
want to wait till this bunch of them
sure i binge watch most things yeah and
I just one of my one of my weapons here
is a key cloner which is just if I get
close enough to a key I can make a copy
of it without having to kill him because
apparently this guy guards patrolling
has seen you shield reflects all Oh a
shield reflects all incoming attacks Shh
yes Vulcans have ghost mind meld powers
now
ghost mind meld yes sir ik but not Suren
mind melds with michael from halfway
across the galaxy I know it doesn't make
any fucking sense if you want the Star
Trek to be mindful of like the rules and
science they've established yeah no I'm
hey he's gonna mind meld with Michael
somewhere from fokin from Fulton no more
screens pure Holograms all the way see
this this doesn't bother me like like I
am fully cognizant of the fact that the
future even if it takes place before the
original series the bridge can't be all
knobs say that again the bridge can
bridge can't be all knobs our idea of
what as futuristic has changed like in
in next-gen when they had the iPads that
was future tech man yeah no it's just
yes from iPad is not a futuristic about
that I can understand why they went with
the full Holograms and that is one of
the things in the show that did not
bother me I thought it was neat a lot of
a lot of the communication and the
discovery happens with just full-on
Holograms
instead of like being on a view screen
you'll be talking to that person's
hologram in the room with you oh I it
didn't bother me
I understand visually you need to update
Star Trek's idea of what the future is I
get it
I had an idea something I wanted to try
to assassinate this person and it didn't
really work
that's enough Dumbo discovery I'm gonna
spoil something it is still in brand-new
show and you will you will hear more of
my thoughts on it later
you're gonna try this mission until we
fucking get it right you hear that
fuckers I'm coming for you again
and she watching any other TV shows hey
hey show watch most of the show watching
I do comes in been binge watching after
a seasons done
though I'm looking forward to stranger
things season two I'm not as excited as
I was for seasons one and two but I
still want to watch ash vs. Evil Dead
Season three sure which we've not heard
hardly anything about which is weird
which is concerning oh yeah I'm Rick and
Morty I guess I've been watching that
though I think I'm I'm behind an episode
or two right now say the twenty-seventh
stating the 27 char today is the 27th
god I am so far behind today is the 27th
okay so if you notice what I just did
here yeah I am out in space with my
assassination target because my target
had on a shield to protect itself from
all weapons and so I made my target
follow me into a room with a window and
broke the window
hurtling us both okay into space and now
I can remote control my pod to pick me
up
does he just suffocate there's something
eventually I assume do you have to
finish properly killing it says
assassinate
objective unconscious you can kill them
from the pause screen
how
wait zoom out I think there's too little
space
No did you pick them up you pick them up
okay
wonderful UI fine wonderful UI
and talked about how great the UI is
every doctor ship and you can kill him
Cyrus the mild cold since felis catus is
your taxonomic nom clincher and
endothermic quadruped fed carnivore by
nature your visual olfactory and
auditory senses contribute to your
hunting skills and natural defenses okay
some about cats great cats
none of us says you're a 20-17 remake of
Brewster's Millions where you need to
spend a hundred million in 30 days to
get a billion and the same rules apply
but you can't copy the first movie how
would you do it yeah you familiar with
mistress Millions it's an old movie all
the the a classic Richard Pryor joint
yes of course I know Brewster's Millions
he gets a huge inheritance Oh was that
the date of poem
sorry I don't remember every single
thing that happened to T&G; the campaign
was data's poll about his cat all right
Brewster's Millions was a movie where
Richard Pryor inherited it sound of
money yeah but in order to get the full
money I was like you know five hundred
million yeah he had to spend five
million dollars and in a week so many
days and well and there were all these
stipulations he couldn't tell anybody
what he was doing or that he needed the
money right yeah well and there were
certain things like he couldn't just buy
like 18 houses like there there were
certain stimuli he couldn't make an
investment like the houses if he bought
houses they would be worth money right
and he couldn't give any given any away
like he couldn't just give five million
to charity yeah like he needed to spend
it on things so yeah and so there are
all these stipulations with the idea
said in the movie the guy said you know
when I was a teenager my dad caught me
smoking cigarettes so he made me smoke
the entire carton and I never wanted to
smoke any again so if I'm going to
bequeath to you this so much money I
want you to hate spending money
right and it's you know it's it's one of
the fine premise for a movie what do you
do right what do you do now I don't know
the part really well if you can't do
what you do in the movie I don't know
you think the movies solution was
brilliant he went into politics and he
just spent all that money on a campaign
and the campaign was don't vote for me
well yeah he found a bunch of really
clever ways right right which is nice
but yes and endler and learned a lesson
about friendship and spending money so I
think about it this is not something I
thought about how to do before I you
just thought of right no I do not have a
ready-made answer for you really on how
I would get rid of a hundred million
dollars just like that
don't eat it all the Hillary Clinton you
can't donate that's true you can't you
can't donate it you can't you couldn't
you can't buy it you yeah nothing
fretted like there's all there's all
these stipulations which make it you
know logical
I'm gonna get rid of my shot need a shot
and littluns says never trust democracy
on the Internet Jack from Europe leggo
stream PS uh-huh
feverishly in favor yeah feverishly
filleted light and frequently valid
fellows PPS something something decent
universe online something something you
fucks you know I I'm a sucker for for
doing what you guys want to see and you
know I didn't want to you know cuz
because I this was the game that I was
playing I was playing heat signature but
as we're discovering right now I
understand that this isn't necessarily
the best game to stream as as it turns
out it's really hard for us to fucking
see I can only imagine what they're
seeing so I wanted I wanted to give
people an option new game a game that
you know that I will only play with the
chat yeah because I have uninstalled it
still it is still uninstalled or you
know Lego sorting which was a kind of a
joke half joke but y'all y'all
motherfuckers took it seriously
what's the objective here okay we have
to steal what's in that create a lot of
guards a lot of guards in this one
we're gonna handle this
what we're looking chef
yeah
shit
Brown Adam Sandler since I was just
thinking about prereq and its viewers
and the thought poured in my mind do you
guys have any fans who are not rlm fans
first apologies this has been discussed
I have no way of knowing what you guys
were fans at first I presume there are
some I have to imagine the vast majority
of people who watch pre-record
we're familiar with Harlem ahead oh oh
yeah yeah I would also assume that
I was open a ghost this one but I guess
you're gonna die now people I hope
you're comfortable with that
well
invest all the money in Bitcoin and wait
a week Bitcoin is a tendency to go up in
value the end and that's an investment
so you could you can't do it you can
invest you just have to lose the money
for the Brewster's Millions oh oh sure
you can invest in something that fails
and lose all the money but you can't
invest and make a profit
oh shit
Johnson 89 I'm reading your tip and I
might have you know what I reserve the
right to not read any tip and you're not
saying anything that's offensive you
just saying something that's completely
wrong and I disagree with it
okay so here's the alarm someone saw a
body I wasn't I was sloppy and cleaning
up my bodies and then it goes up so now
I have now I have to get out of here
that's okay what's your goal so my only
goal was to steal the thing and I
already stole the thing but you just
need to walk jump out that window yeah
yeah but there's a little there's some
money here
well
got it bye
I have a straw poll which people found
first
straw poll on what when our LMR us which
we get first oh sure oh no I can only
assume ninety yeah eight percent yeah
new of us through our LM first okay well
so yeah here's here so here is this this
is a roguelike right every ship is
procedurally generated and here's where
we get to how you progress in the game
we are currently on this little
satellite okay and these are all the
territories all around us what's your
goal your goal is to I think get all of
these is liberate all of the areas but
choosing new areas gets you gets you new
stuff like this gives you grenade
launcher concussive grenade launchers
ICU that's interesting high-capacity
shields rechargeable crash beam I don't
even know what that is super shotguns
yeah it looks like you can zoom in when
you're on a ship can you zoom in here
too
yeah okay so you can zoom in and out the
issue is the text never gets any larger
yep
we'll get some high-capacity key floors
so now that we've unlocked a new station
there's also a different different kinds
of missions that are unlocked and so now
there's bloodless missions which give
you a monetary bonus if you can do a
mission without killing it later as you
unlock more and more of these stations
there's a whole big ol list of different
missions that you can take and then for
each for each character you are because
all you know like right now what the
character am I even what's my name
och Dan's Knightly if I can collect 260
dollars I can go on my personal mission
which is basically like the end boss for
this character yeah and then I can
retire and you know grab a new character
or if I die there's a lot there's a lot
of little things to do but this is the
basis of my unlock more equipment so you
can do more cool shit on the ships okay
right now I'm okay with my weapons
they're not great
silenced shot yeah
we're gonna see if we can cause fuck dad
steal something
kill a motherfucker hit rich what are
your favorite Nirvana songs also do a
flip says the blue prism I can't do a
flip
yeah I wouldn't recommend it oddly
enough I don't really like smells like
teen spirit all that much
sure lithium poly dumb something in the
waves one I really love okay are you an
in utero fan I am album dumb I know song
I know songs they did but which was on
which album that I I lost track of all I
don't know they didn't write it but like
a fire from unplugged
fantastic
there's just a ton of good nirvana it's
hard to to rank them sure
Oh
Jeff fresca - says I demand more Freddie
Williams on best of the worst I saw him
at Baltimore Comic Con last weekend and
he said he would love to come back
also Jack Josh oh also Jack Josh died
syrup said thank you for being a
harbinger fan oh well great we have
we have very little control over whether
or not
Freddie comes on to the show also he is
a professional comic book artist and is
I'm sure busy as rock
so Nana says hey guys fun house games
streaming group of friends got asked
about lonely viewers watching because it
feels like hanging with buds of their
own how do you feel about rlm prereq
viewers doing this you watch this for
whatever reason you want to watch this
it's offensive oh I know I'm sorry if
you're watching us for that reason then
go oh go away right who cares why you
guys watch us are you having a good time
ghosts of Renfield Renfield
what is the Dracula card run Felda
Reginald yeah I always get confused that
ie German I've always pronounced it her
in field but I could be wrong yeah I
says hi dudes in Star Trek Spock data
hologram doctor and 7 of 9 are all cut
off from their humanity and asking what
it means to be human what do you what do
you think was the most interesting
character and or was best acted sparks
the most iconic Spock the data probably
did the understanding humanity thing
better sure
nothing Spock ever asked what I've meant
to be human the Spock was like why would
you want to be human yeah Spock
knew what it was to be human and didn't
much care for us Spock is the opposite
of data yeah that's good Spock is half
human and he wants nothing to do with
his human half data is quite clearly not
human and he desperately wants to be
yeah they're there they're actually
polar opposites despite the similarities
in them big smart and and thinking good
logic it's just in data's case it's
because he has to
my person seven of nine yeah she was on
that show because she had tips you know
the one that terrible character all said
gone bed seven of nine the fan service
was so blatant like it was distracting
it was always distracting she's a sexy
Borg you like the board right you like
blondes right here's the sex book and
even though they did do good things with
her character I could never get past
that I'm not gonna be late right I don't
disagree with you but I don't mind
Jeri Ryan is a good yes I'm not saying
she was terrible I'm just saying the
blatant as' of why she was on that show
was always it was a constant distraction
for me oh sure it wasn't much for me
well and also like they actually did
start doing stuff with her character oh
sure I know like we got some interesting
storylines out of her and so yeah I
think the good of seven of nine
outweighs the hot lady in a cat suit
which again I'm perfectly okay with okay
so this is a timed mission and it's on a
big-ass ship it's like a boss mission
for my character like like seven or nine
that was so blatant it was insulting my
intelligence sure I can be with you
they're like I know what you're doing
don't act like you're not doing it right
so you can you how did that teleport not
like when I grab the key from the other
room its er arranged to that is it with
it is it had to be within the circle
around you or something or I don't
exactly know it has to be on the floor I
think okay and so like I can't grab the
key off of the enemy unless I'm close to
them on these guys I'll have shields off
fuck I'm not prepared for this mission
well I have a really good exit as soon
as I can get to the exit but I'm
probably gonna die on this mission
I'm sorry twitch Evan 16 you missed that
conversation I don't feel like having it
again we we already talked about
discovery sure did
I'm not particularly enamored of it is
everything I thought it was gonna be
if I paid $2 can we talk about it again
ah that's kind of rude no because I
refused III I retained the right to not
read any tip and I'm done talking about
discovery I am done
that's Farage yeah yeah you don't have
to talk about discovery if you don't
want to say anonymous no but not talking
about it I'll read I read your PS though
nonnamous says Jack how's the diet going
I'm on track I'm on track good Zion wise
I gotta say I'm failing this mission
we're gonna cancel we're gonna cancel
the mission how do we cancel
shet you can you can donate a 50 you or
a $1,000 tip that mentions discovery
I'll gladly accept your tip and not read
it you think we're too often that's the
question do you think rich is bluffin he
is not cuz I'm gonna say it's gonna be
off stream nobody stay in the same
fuckin thing yeah we don't need to do
that get here earlier just a random ship
Oh only 19 seconds my dad's going very
well I you know I I did a little bit on
Sunday I had some I had some beer on
Sunday and Sunday is a non-diet day so I
should not have had any beer and the
tough part is I didn't my diet is still
like going well as far as weight loss
this week is concerned and so I didn't
learn a valuable lesson there which is
like oh you can have a beer every once
in a while sure go ahead it's more
effective diet that's the wrong lesson
the laughs cuz I need to be on diet if I
want to lose weight right yeah so but
it's it's nice to have the wiggle but so
yeah diets going very well I'm still on
it still on pace to lose a bunch of
weight for Christmas which is nice
so you'll see it we'll see if it keeps
up
