Episode 179
Our Cuphead Runneth Over (part 1)
October 2, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK7WPtRk3F4
___________________________________________

be smart what's up we had some technical
difficulties we're seven minutes after
sex it's not bad you shouldn't have said
anything we glossed over all the trouble
we're having get that oh god Oh to work
we still isn't working
I know they do bingo rich and I wanted
to make sure that their bingo was
complete the thing you have is the thing
I have now jack volume is low what the
fuck was that
I don't know oh is that bitch though
that was bits are oh fucking hell that
was our pigs
oh god more bits why isn't there bits
thing working that's not what our bits
thing is this is the bit also do tips
earn I mean subscribers testing one two
three testing one two three well we just
her sum up and up in the the only the
excellent okay okay
I was I was significantly lower than you
in in the what if they could change a
thing that's weird that's weird
yeah okay so now I should be
approximately the same volume as rich if
only they allowed you to customize the
sound for bits they do but I thought I
turned it off I thought I thought I'll
be honest with you because that
not gonna let you huh they're not gonna
let you but also like that that was oh
wait a minute why are my bits no that
first of all they're gonna see you look
at that mute okay you can just mute so I
just muted that
oh yeah and like this gives us
subscribers and all that shit right
right I don't want any of that I know I
know what are you doing that's supposed
to be just bits they've they've muscled
their way in Jack wait a minute hold on
everybody that's supposed to be just
fucking bits gosh dang it
ah get out of here with all this
malarkey
this is horse malarkey rich that's none
of that's supposed to be in here Jack
there's always YouTube streaming huh
this is always YouTube streaming nope
nope okay general setting here we go
following thank you disabled
subscriptions disabled donations
disabled host disabled bits enabled so
dancing okay yeah yeah okay sound volume
I don't want any fucking sound for you
goddamn bits okay okay now it should be
fixed so you say so I say until it
happens
did you guys see what fucking Nintendo
did to YouTube favors yeah I did what
did they do to you they they don't want
you know a while back do you remember
the Nintendo Partner Program yeah were
they there like you know we don't like
people using gameplay footage of our
games but if you partner with us right
then you can stream it but we'll take a
cut of it yeah but now anyone who enlist
the YouTube or the Nintendo YouTube
Partner Program Nintendo just said but
no more live streaming because their
Nintendo man they don't fucking know
it's Jesus Christ yeah
we just got a subscriber and it didn't
do anything on the okay on the bitts
viewers okay
I'm gonna call that a victory rip didn't
do anything in the normal subscriber
section that hasn't been disabled
somehow has it no I saw the subscribe to
show up and okay okay oh shit I almost
forgot I almost forgot something there
we go now we are good to go except for
now that's just annoying just minimize
it the closer just minimize them yeah
there we go I did it I did it
r.i.p that zombie i know look at that
look at those bits
yes yet we have played enter the gungeon
before we streamed it we've streamed of
all times yeah there's a fine game enter
the gungeon fine game that's now what
we're doing today though no we are doing
Summa bleep hates ya see normal
subscriptions are showing up but not
underneath us anymore
everything's fine I fixed it I figured
it out and I fixed it here we go now
this might be ungodly loud or I'm gonna
have to see chat let us know if it's
my chance aku my Devils game ends
how's that now it should be still loud
hold on wait let's just let's do this in
okay how is that now you can't hear
anything
thank you turn up your mic students real
quiet
what happened again Jackie you click me
out I did okay now we should be louder
and the game should be here you'll have
to adjust your you're gonna have to
adjust your things now okay they guard
and auto now the game is inaudible so
over hu needs to turn the game up over
alright
I don't think this thing's Sam right now
great well just gotta start just start
it a little bit
perfect more Mike they're great well see
ya just yeah just go you want to start
anew what are you I'll start no one okay
well here we're about to get real audio
can you guys hear this at all
are you hearing any of this there's
definitely music playing for the game up
a little bit the music is good thirty
percent of the game I'm barely here in a
game no no Jesus Christ that's her no
more we'll turn the game in okay yeah
yeah turn it up in game
one day the two boys wanted far from
home and despite the other kennels many
warnings ended up on the wrong side of
the tracks and entered the devil's
casino yep
inside cup man and mug man soon found
themselves in a winning streak at the
craps table
hot dog exclaimed king dice the casinos
sneezy manager these fellas get loose
nice run boys laugh the newcomer the
boys gasp the brothers gasped it was the
casinos ona the devil himself
now however we raised the stakes he
suggested with a toothy grin when one
more roll in all the loot in my casino
is yours the devil bonding but if you
lose I'll have your souls do you
cuphead blinded by easy riches not even
grab the dice for a throw good gosh
Cap'n no cried McMahon for he understood
the danger but it was too late
Snake Eyes laughs the devil while
slamming the floor you lose the brother
strengthen fears he leaned over them now
about those souls the brothers pleaded
for the very lives there must be another
way to repay you mug man stammered yes
but please mister come head added
perhaps there is the devil snickered
pulling out a parchment I have here a
list of my runaway debtors collect their
souls for me and I just might pardon you
two mugs now get going the devil rod
kickin the boys that most rudely you
have to midnight tomorrow to collect
every one of those Souls otherwise I'll
be the one collecting yours competin
McMahon were terribly frightened and ran
away as fast as they could well come on
Bob panted cap head we have to find the
other kettle oh no he'll know what to do
nice they want the day I do want the
game audio up a bit I know what we're
not there yet but I just want to make
sure you're aware
someone's gonna get sued that was not
that was certainly not a Mickey Mouse
voice that was just a a high-pitched
cartoon voice yeah oh you guys should be
able to hear it now a little bit
there's a week in here in bed perfect
much better great perfect good great all
right all right now we got it all right
Elsa what a fine pickle you boys have
gotten yourself into
I know I know you don't want to be pawns
as a devil but if if you refuse I can't
bear to imagine your face you must play
along for now collect those contracts
and you best be ready for some 90
Newtons your debt our friends won't be
very friendly I won't seem so fun in
fact I expect a transformable please
take this ocean so they won't hang you
out to dry
Oh give you the most remarkable magical
ability now go to my writing desk and
use the mystical inkwell down yourself
hoorah except for us go right up then we
get there co-op probably after after
you're done here that doesn't make any
sense
or here is your controller I'm
recognized assign controller
good idea watch this yeah
okay do we need to do to the toriel we
don't we should do this tutorial just to
show people hoping to show people doctor
- so I'm blue man I'm bugged face cut
man cut man
oh actually you know what what can I
just change my controls flare - thank
you
wait Jenny I don't know about you but I
like left bumper fur - I like shoot to
be right trigger shoot to be right
trigger and I like I like X to be -
instead of shoot
one x we shoot and then switch whipping
left bumper oh yeah and then I like
right I like lock to be left trigger
that's how I do it at home and it seems
to work out just great
okay so this was the part this is that
what this is the famous yeah oh my - to
be left for her - to be left to her yeah
let's say I do find myself not using -
oh you should be
see you know like I cuz I like couldn't
adjust on my sure cuz I will shoot yeah
we made a pass the tutorial stage one
other thing yeah one other thing if you
get how you like it yeah get it out you
like him in right stick so so rich you
were in charge of creating the Star Trek
believe you set design right yeah
Oh bother noticed some very special
circuit boards being newest on the set
and in sentence appreciation okay they
do that me no great that's a great
circuit box I didn't I didn't
we got this speak up I'm deaf
nope what this is an accident this game
looks awesome yeah you know we're gonna
do we're gonna do an official review on
it but it's it is a very good game is
what I will say about competition after
playing it I'm the thing I'm most
confused about that's a good too
spoilery into our own review I don't
understand why this was the most hyped
game for the past 40 the visual right
because I mean it's it is a very good
one but you know it's it's a run-and-gun
side-scrolling action platformer that's
about it
are they real things because that's what
gives you the power okay it is
save me save me
wait
I did why I didn't want to get on the
other side
boom nice boom rich we did it that was
great thank you mind turning the game
volume a bit lower
easier because there's like normal and
you know I haven't and they're they're
significantly I've heard they take off
just like the last sections of the boss
pride sometimes or sometimes like
they'll remove whole sections but if you
do it on easier you don't get the
contract oh so like you can you can
progress in the level and go on and do
other stuff but you don't get the soul
contract I thought was very cool I
thought it was a neat weight of like
yeah if you just want to play and have
fun have fun but you know it's not gonna
get you the wind huh so I thought that
was neat the art is unbearably cool man
unbearably cool everything is so neat
looking and the gameplay is pretty good
too like I like I like these sections
like basically everything is just a
fucking boss fight yeah for the most
part
so this is it this is a lot of you know
just yeah it's a little bullet heli a
little uh a little action platformer II
this is the whole Shazam and yeah like
you die a lot just because a lot of the
game is just kind of memorizing their
patterns and being able to deal with
them when they show up you know like you
know this is direct this is the section
with the fan and the glowing shit things
and then and then next is the is the big
slot machine
I'm greater than you yeah I'm getting
greedier than you I mean try to get the
SPECIAL heads in good kid
because I'm dumb I can't give just kill
him just going oh I hate that that is
this part I really hate cuz it shows you
shows you how close you were to
defeating them turn up the games Oh for
fucks thank you you guys you just told
us to turn it down you just and I'm it's
tough because like this apparently our
choices are
I'm not even shooting our choices are
too loud or inaudible that's what we
have
oh fuck what I can't
got me that fuck it's fine now great
good great I'm glad oh yeah like the
ball one is the hardest and real real
quick here a Feridun says uh I only got
a horrible couple hours of sleep as a
results I'm headachy grumpy oh these are
bonkers
I've sick thumbs every few hours for
heartburn now I know what it feels like
to be rich Evans yep that's every day
for rich
you got this you got this a bitch
sumbitch oh oh I got two closers fucking
like fuck you I got the same that's safe
yeah God is it hard to do this to player
what we both found the same play
it is really hard hard to pay attention
to which one is looks come pedos the red
guy mug man is the blue guy
I'm in luck man Rich's cuphead I am The
Walrus koo koo kachoo koo koo kachoo
that was a reference to an old an old
band called The Rolling Stones
Rolling Stones named after the famous
magazine I'm funny
you see funny things and funny and I say
funny things and you have to deal with
nice tricky dad is tricky I'm not
vibrating
I think I think you might have broke tit
I think it might have broke did it you
might need to turn off rumble oh my god
that is still going it's so going I hate
Rumble if this weren't plugged in if
this had like a batteries in it I would
be so pissed off right now
yeah every shake just wasted battery
just completely wasted battery on
meaningless shaking it's still going you
go turn off your rumble it's gonna play
like that play like out with a constant
Rumble oh wait come over here let's go
to the shop I want to buy I want to buy
a heart oh and I love pork iums or
whatever his name is look at him
buy Porkins
Jesus Christ rich great the art is
uncanny the art is beautiful yes come
down here and get her super everything
oh yeah do the ghost bounce some ASMR
person
by the way I drink my own liquid you get
the left side I'll get the right sure at
the start of the match I drink the
liquid that's in my head that's how I
start the mashup mug man starts that's
it yeah that's weird
are your hands getting a nice massage
yeah yes
three wasted battery it's a it's a USB
controller so there's no batteries in it
which is a good thing because man hold
my hand constant vibration is not a bug
it's a feature we gotta stop the stream
alone for a little bit I don't know why
it's a thing he's working on so weird
scary skeletons LLC anonymous says hey
guys great screams two quick questions
for rich ya rooting for anyone in the
baseball playoffs no not currently
wait you're in player two I don't see
any option for rumble anyway there is no
option for a rumble there's no option
for rumble what if we go down
there's no option turn this off you
gotta you gotta unplug it man wait no
you're just like mine oh okay okay so
okay let's wait oh yeah let's wait give
it a second give a second it's a giver
one hot second we have a couple other it
wants to please you rich
okay well rich you can either play with
a shaky controller we have a couple
other controllers clearly shaky
controller for now we'll see if it stops
something we'll make it stop okay great
Carlo man well I don't think we can wait
doesn't even recognize my controller now
oh and you unplugged mine so it doesn't
recognize mine either
are we stuck no player to assign
controller yeah but oh I can't use the
mouse oh yeah
that's an controller okay
control player one play okay and then
player 1 assign controller okay ready
good all right are you still attached no
player - all right no now it's on player
1 so player 1 assign control go to
assign controller no well that's that's
for you
now I got a player wait I work do you
work yeah okay great now we both work
okay
we did it did we just start no no we did
not just start oh you're you're
constantly vibrating controller is a
little distracting I'll put that out
there you want to close the game that's
the only way I could think of to fix
this we could get you another controller
I'm gonna equip my super we got we got a
couple you know third-party controllers
or you can use the steam controller
take a hit intentionally and it should
stop I'd rather do that if this
controller starts to rumble when you
plug it in I want to try taking a head
back sure it is a nicer controller yes
it's a much nicer controller no one
wants to use the third-party controller
we do have we still have a steam
controller here just in case one one of
these days it turns out you know I what
you want you want to do another boss
thing or do you want to do a rumble in
the woods
I hate Rumble you were you were just
saying how much you hated Rumble before
the stream oh my god what is that oh
good taking the heads in it but now I
have taken a hit sure what's what
Oh your jewelry yeah I got ya
but hey I was right there do-do-do-do-do
all right cuphead mug face man
cuphead and my gran the most anticipated
game of the past three years it's an
alright game it's pretty fun you
expected you know what I think I might
have told this story before when I first
saw the preview for this I thought it
was going to be a turn-based RPG what
gave you that impression I don't
remember I think it was just like the
visual presentation you know cuz like
when you when you have the boss battles
you know it almost looks kind of like a
like an SNES era RPG and so like I
didn't pay much attention to it when at
first I didn't pay a terrible amount of
attention to it when it first came out I
just like remember seeing
milk Splosion I just remember seeing
that visual of life you versus the boss
and a kind of reminded me of ass mess
era oh oh shit yeah
final fantasy so I remember you know
when this when this was first announced
three fucking years ago yeah I I was
like oh you know what that's a neat art
style and I bet it'll be a really cute
little turn-based RPG and then not not
until like a year and a half later I
think you you totally like that's gonna
be it's gonna be an adorable turn-based
RPG so but no as soon as I knew it was
gonna be a running a gun I guess I don't
really know what I was expecting a great
but you see this art style and he was so
blown away by
this is I'm gonna need at least one yeah
I guess like that's the thing I don't
really know what I was expecting from it
I can tell you this I like the game is
mostly boss battles is this you know
with every once in a while you'll get
you'll get what we just did like a
run-and-gun section and that is a little
different than the dice
and you're funny your punishment is it
rumbles again
can you open up an Xbox controller and
physically Rumble I bet yeah but you can
you can just snip some wires I want to
keep them in there for the wait but the
bumble I can do I can do doc don't
bother nope what you know Oh bother can
we just snip the wires for the rumble
and the like well everything else work
there's probably just a way to unplug it
though from inside like a little thing
the cord goes into or probably it might
be soldered right in it might be solder
right in that is a 360 controller not an
Xbox one controller but I think is part
of the problem
oh shit runs alright alright it's
alright
we're enjoying this feeling that's it
we're enjoying it I don't know it's the
best thing of all time but I'd say I
enjoyed company oh yeah overall I'm very
much enjoying it like I said he had to
me the the bigger the bigger thing to
talk about with this game is just kind
of the expectations full disclosure
yeah I'd rather be playing war of the
chosen right now sure but and you know
what I have anything better be true for
just about any game you could be playing
right now and you know what I I've been
putting a little more time no fucking
wrong with a little more time into golf
story so which I did bring today but I
don't know if we're gonna be able to
play because our our exploit is not
playing nice with our Elgato some steam
are we sure it's on Steam elf story and
I am I'm so good you got them that's
right oh that one can't shoot up that's
right it's like it's a really enjoyable
game though beyond the art style not
necessarily the most interesting game if
that is a like not to dis I don't want
to guess
I had never expected this to be a
revolution though I don't know that a
they they advertise it
Bagon I don't think revolution I think
they advertise it on the art oh yeah Oh
bother says there's no there's no
connection so you're gonna have to snip
your rumble if you want I'm afraid that
would fuck it up for something else
right like it exposed wires and you and
it ends up like blowing up the gaming
system sure maybe I'll rumble not
detected you need to shake game refused
to play you my shake you mushing you cuz
you cause your controller to go into
like a self-reflective spiral but I must
shake I must shake shaking mandatory
mandatory shake is your controller a
Dalek yes
I have no Rumble and I must shake
oh nice tote just a fucking door this
game a lot of this game is memorization
at the end of this game it should unlock
a black and white mode while I think
that would be like he achieved the
bright amazing colors a part of the
oh fuck it follows it in a while rich I
haven't been in this section use it
might have been waste I didn't get a
ghost ring yeah weird you I didn't get
the courtesy of a ghost maybe I'm right
were you like already like really near
the top right oh the fucking moon beast
and not notice a pattern in your face
you know I'm sure
all right oh I brought you back to life
our it is oh my god now I'm rumbling out
of control and the controller was on my
crotch I felt weird for a moment I got
alright it's alright I totally do not
have my mojo
you know Bob Hawkins that happens rich
don't blame yourself Eddie's you know in
this moment and this mug you don't have
a - you can turn into a tiny flame and
it makes a move fast
it's balanced that but when you're right
I love that little that little mug
matter the two characters names McMahon
seems to be the more sensible felt
pretty darn good about that 31 days till
Halloween that's true today's the first
day of October I finally allowed my
families to put a Halloween decoration I
have I have a strict wait until I toad
with policy Karen's had it going on
about me
of course everyone does everyone has but
uh
I would look have a look and like i
opening this flower here I'll look into
it later
yeah like opening on up and finding the
connection it is apparently I've been
reading in chat they chat says it is a
known bug when they you're in to play oh
yeah well hold on let me let me read a
tip real quick let me know oh my god I
am behind where are we uh the blue prism
said here's some money pretend like I
asked you about uh hold on pretend like
I asked you about something that you
actually wanted to talk about them talk
about the game something else on your
topic list how do we talk about the game
a little bit I can talk a little bit
about the movie colossal okay which
which turned into a bit of a Twitter
spat between me and a certain you're a
certain jerk named javis H Bowman and
apparently he really likes the movie
colossal and I did not much care for it
oh fuck I lost which one I was
yeah I'm used to having a certain power
but I don't have right now I'm gonna go
back to the shop again this this level
took me I want like longer than any
other level
and you know it was just that first part
like that fucking Woody Woodpecker part
directs me show you what helps invisible
- what wait are you always invisible or
is that a power of its powerup that
makes you invisible why you - you look
cool and poof instead of - Macross poof
oh that sounds exactly like something
the old the old poof ago okay so
colossal is a movie starring Anne
Hathaway and Jason Sudeikis Jason sodoku
and it's it's labeled as a comedy under
the in the red box and it is not really
it is it is it is a drama it's
superficially it resembles the comedy
the premise as as stated on the red box
art form is uh this this Biddy gets
drunk and when she gets drunk she finds
out that she can control a giant monster
in south for real
by the invisible - for the coin I need
the coins and so that's the premise is
is this kind of down on down on her luck
lady
is goes back to her hometown and and and
discovers while drunk that she can
control a giant monster that's wreaking
havoc in South Korea uh-huh and so you
know that's a weird premise not like
that Jason's just today cuz he's really
funny and it you know it's all about the
meta form what not even drinking crowns
of the tessellation society and you're
just waiting for like the metaphor to
kick in and I found it really lackluster
some good performances especially by
Jason Sudeikis who's you know comedic
actor but he is darkness and scary as
hell like you that man that man is
intense
yeah dramatic hey I know that I'm just
I'm just giving this set up
oh look at that range of below-average
damage no aiming required that's fun
roundabout interesting I think I got the
spread last time and that was pretty
underwhelming yeah your spread shot what
shows up you buy it
I don't remember oh but if you buy the
smoke bomb you can get another heart Oh
coffee auto-fill meters super meter
continue continuously fails in addition
to what you earned I just see what's up
your first pair remove doubles as a
damaging ex attack
right anyway dreamer today I know I know
that's what it really is I'm just giving
that the the general synopsis but but in
any case I've found overall the the
story to be a really lackluster it took
me conclude the satisfactory meal for me
and so I was a little snarky on Twitter
about it last night and J popped in and
was like well it's actually pretty good
that's fine that's it
you know I guess I'd rather have my
extra help
oh that's why I'm dying or yeah that one
extra Helton really helps I mean but
also I'm making it forward it's also
that I'm
so in any case stock colossal a little a
little disappointed but you know it's
the red box I didn't know you were dying
it was dodging shit fucking guy
another red box movies I seen you know I
get a lot of movies for the kids from
the red box because they're so damn
cheap and you know that whenever and so
whenever the kids want to watch like a
really sucky movie like I get it from
the red boxes when a fuck it's not
wasting my money
okay right but it makes me actually not
mind getting hit
enjoy
fuck you suck it
yes Jacqueline's blue Rich's red yeah so
you know this is this game it's a little
bullet hell it's a little action
platformer nice rich it's a little bit
of a lot of things and it's it's my
reward if you're into this type of games
like if you love contra as a kid you are
gonna love the shit out of some cuphead
you know you just have it like in a
headlock
I love how they're using fingers to
shoot not only
