Episode 195
Untitled Space Quest 2 Stream (Part 3)
October 25, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaxL3PtvXgE
___________________________________________

turn on Ola hecka says I'm throwing away
$2 just to correct jack shit
it's Christopher Guest geez you're
killing me smalls what if I say no
in reference to which the director who
who made waiting for Guffman and spinal
maybe I don't know I don't know things
did I not say Christopher Guest what did
I say I said David guest who's David
guest who's David gest that's
interesting you said it Hey apparently
you said it five times you know what
half right that's 50% 50% right I got
the guest part right giving yourself
partial credit I am absolutely the guy
who produced Michael Jackson albums
somebody sing no no then I'm just
pulling that out of my ass I have no
idea you're inside the shuttlecock right
there is an instrument panel before you
between your legs is that uh look at
panel
everything looks automatic the panel is
loaded with clusters of system status
indicators there is a power button an
altitude dial and an oh there we go
press power
look at panel
everything looks automatic there's a
power button and altitude dial and an
ascent thruster monkey be 85 cents
forgotten silver a pre Lord of the Rings
directed mockumentary by Peter Jackson
about a forgotten New Zealand filmmaker
it's played straight and tricks 75
percent of viewers it's brilliant
novels quite straight that's not
particularly funny and what at what
point does that go from being a
mockumentary to just being a fraud yeah
if no-one gets the joke it's not even a
joke right shall we farm says this game
means you read a lot must not
accidentally give you $200 donation or
200 donations that'd be really bad
God Lear says I hate every eight by sea
from ship man eight ship Manzon know
you'll never make as this a song yeah
did you want to do you know how to do
this this is the Troy McClure planet of
the apes musical I hope that I see from
chimp an a to Jim pansy no you'll never
make a monkey out of me right really you
got it you got it
no you'll never make a monkey out of me
oh my god I was wrong
it was earth all along you finally made
a monkey out of me
I love you dr. Zaius you finally made a
monkey out of me that's clever shit
that's some clever shed not ready
attitude system not altitude system
attitude system nighttime service I play
with my dog stick
hey guys question for rich if Jack
helped you off a horse would you help it
and I see you're doing it's been done
before I wasn't clever that either say
what raise nope raise looks good an
attitude dial turn dial the attitude
dial is now set to VA see
vertical controls are now ineffective we
want the vertical controls to be
effective turn the turn dial it's not a
set Chac all right does that mean
horizontal and vertical well we want
vertical there is no horizontal control
until minimum altitude has been achieved
right so we need we need a vertical
control and we have power right turn
yeah is that our are the thrusters let's
look at panel panel
everything looks automatic panels loaded
with accessories this is there is a
power button an attitude dial and an
ascent a thruster ascent Thresh push
ascent thrust your buddy push thruster
button
that right I sent this really okay press
a key are you going to burn space be my
guess huh I just keep going--that's
going up I see me see one Aloud's yep
we're going up we're going up we're
going up up up and away
we're off the planet good work Roger
Wilco a tone sounds a soft
synthesized voice notes that adequate
altitude has been achieved ascent
thrusters are now ineffective the
monitor draws your attention again okay
yeah so now we turn dial
and now we backwards we're turning
you're going backwards
well returning you playing a Ciara game
then save oh shit I probably should have
that's not too late
Meggie no wonder the screens are
suddenly splashed with incredibly
horrible image of sludge the hole all
Roger Wilco I've been waiting for you
once again my subordinates have failed
me anyway looks like you'll be visiting
me again soon
don't bother trying to pilot the vehicle
I'm taking control you'll be arriving at
my command post shortly
I ain't Lea wait your arrival ha ha ha
ha ha his image is frozen on the screens
the ship changes course as if it all had
a life of its own
all you can do is hang on time save time
save save it up saving the safe maybe
save saved super save me save save it
alot save and save him save as the houl
stated nothing works press power now
turn off the ship turn off the power you
can't control if it's got no power to
turn turn off all of your power right in
space well but maybe like I would break
the connection and then I'll turn it
back on fly away if I'm walking up the
airlock right leave ship that won't help
stay seated fire weapons
oh I'll just play with my stick through
the window you can see your apparent
destination the Houle's asteroid oh how
do you getting from cool out of that row
Hall the hall the hall that's how I'd
say it cool there's there's a no way
right you a was it you ara you for ha
the hall vo h a ul I thought H a you
know check it which I might be seeing
you a I have been wrong many times
they're saying they're saying vu Hall
like you Hall that could be it could be
entirely possible that in reading it I'm
flipping a couple letters around yeah
because of something we talked about
earlier the massive bay doors meet Josh
I don't have the best track record when
it comes to reading or saying thrice
jarring the entire vehicle Bay as you
stepped down the shuttle door slams
behind you you are quite surprised not
to find several of yeah I guess here at
Vols
vola halls guards waiting to greet you
you begin to ponder what the twisted
scientists might have in store for you
save
I just saved yes rich doesn't roll a
fidget duct-tape today because rich
cannot ever ever stop fidgeting that's
that's something very true that's very
true about me okay we got a little
elevator over here I remember I remember
as a kid really liking the second it's
spinning well it's in a spaceship that
might have had something to do with it
what's not to like about this there's a
puzzle in here I was just very happy for
solving oh okay as a child and I I
totally remember that one that's through
that's over here I didn't have any help
from my dad or anybody but of all on my
own
and I was just pure thinking outside the
box logic I loved it Jews say what
closed door to the Christ actually in
this case around you aren't a small
capsule shaped enclosure above the door
is a digital readout which reads level
one the only other feature is a
rectangular panel panel the panel has a
vertical row of four buttons there is
some small engraving at the bottom edge
of the panel read in great look at
engraving read panel read panel o read
panel the engraving reads boku lift
division a subsidiary of bobko
incorporated universally universally
famous makers of nads hamster tape all
right
if that's your trip we've got the grip
you you can we get to that pat that's in
front of the screen in the foreground
yeah you know see what's over there i
doo doo doo divorce they're just not a
walkway that leads there yeah yeah we go
that goes under oh well then maybe we
walk past that later yeah I do do
do-do-do do-do-do you try one of the
buttons on the lift so all you man ah
nope oh oh
nope feel the floor shift it's moving oh
no Jack can you get out the door open
door I did you did it too
okay so that's not the right way to go
no no I think we learned that let's see
what's over here
that's another lift obviously fuck
okay the panel it has a vertical row of
four buttons there's some look at
buttons the buttons look ordinary each
button has the word next on it ohyes
word next to it in order they read one
three four and five so presumably we're
on to press three
Oh two is the one you walk down the
stairs for when you get killed
that makes retreat does it just go by
when you're in the elevator
look at the thing
there's an automated floor wax they're
moving down the corridor the name plaque
reads the deal eddo the da Lido buff
master the delito buff master another
fine product from helmet master
enterprises I can only assume we get
waxed and died if that goes over us
oh sure let's at the end of the hallways
I just yeah yeah the cameras watching us
this looks like a death trap that I'm
about to walk into but we'll see
sometimes we had this is how we learn in
this game apparently through death and
dismemberment yeah windows No
now what maybe this isn't the right way
to go
move faster Roger Wilco move faster if
the Roomba oh the Roomba okay I know
what to do now
check this out we made the wrong call
earlier oh yeah yeah uh-huh see a sucker
you might be chasing me but you're
behind me why am I watching chopping
Mulligan Matt Matt Matt Matt what a
great map map you really cleaned his
clock oh I'm sure that's the pump if you
die from the floor waxer wonder I wonder
this I know this I don't remember I
wonder if this is like we've got a
puzzle where we need to whack something
we need to leave something on the floor
oh so probably not right out
it's the door I see that
push-button
Oh God
that was a close one it was nipping at
my heels rich way did it get in front of
me
is there a weird glitch around say nope
all right
I get around it I wonder like I was just
wondering if there is another weird
glitch we're gonna try a different
button let's try four why don't we get
in that room we can totally get in that
room does that the freetype push button
and hit it closer to the button fucking
casual yeah yeah I wasn't I didn't have
the reflexes for that one
you should have diagonal want yeah yeah
push button or press them might work too
oh god I hope it recognizes press type
it right all right now we wait for the
Roomba we have to wait for the Roomba
push but I don't think Jack was standing
close enough for the button because I
said I wouldn't work here I was standing
in front of the door not the button
right yeah
can someone add some ocean slash James
Bond music to the chase scene please
bumbum bumbum waiting for the robot well
I thought it maybe I have to come out of
the I thought I might have to come out
of the elevator - like activate it seems
to be pretty far away that
just flip it over like a turtle that's
not how this game works for all the love
that is holy have to go to the menu and
pick fast from the speed menu then then
when we're typing push door button we're
not gonna have any kind of time did you
shit like that
yeah I'm sorry then the Roomba also
moves faster is the problem the whole
game runs faster run anything with a
time limit will be insane obviously that
does make areas like this a little more
tedious but just be with us where this
will give us a chance to look at the
tips have a little chat just talk about
stuff there we go
I'm getting hyped I'm getting pumped up
getting ready I'm pretty sure Jack walks
around in real life very similar to this
little Tex adventure yeah no dupe to do
very slowly going at my own pace some
people are saying you should be and
behind it behind what the robot you know
in this situation you might be right
but I did it aha you know a janitorial
closet when you smell one almost at once
you sense an emptiness a melancholy
caught a melancholy longing you begin to
feel homesick all right what's in here
you find a plunger however just a
plunger did you did you take the plunger
okay I have the plunger Oh chessick Jim
old Jim oh I like that one
yes that's irking a few hold on
all right I have a plunger back to the
elevator doo doo doo doo you did it do
sure that the British oh look I'll run
you
wait what you ever watch look around you
look around you know I've never heard of
that Joe
it's uh
fake educational program like they would
play for kids in school oh okay open
your math books to page and I'm just
beat just complete nonsense then they
would be presenting of this like facts
okay cool yeah the number blue or
something like that
sure boss sucka duck save on it
I don't really remember this but just in
case let's get a push button ready well
this time I'll let it pass me and I'll
go behind it
plug to that motherfucker I can only
imagine the plunger will be used
somewhere else
if floor wax removed on there
now just let it pass me this time
now let's not go too close
where did it go don't worry about it
don't worry about where did it go
don't worry about it don't worry about
oh my god
motherfucker
everything is gonna be fine it's okay
it's quite dark in here on the floor you
notice a glass cutter to us in glass
I know that was probably the keyboards
fault not you not knowing how to spell
glass not R&D; around ear Oh roomed say
that save it
there's got to be some kind of horrible
death for going in the woman's room
right oh sure right you get beaten up by
Bertha or something stupid right yep
stop it it's you know like stop it my oh
your muscle memory is off my Oh finger
is just slightly faster than my are
finger I don't so I can tell have you
stepped into a porcelain Palace of sorts
is obviously a restroom a place which in
an interesting fashion serves to exhibit
the physical diversity of the universe
the walls are covered in an easy to hose
down synthetic material attached to them
in various locations our device is
designed to efficiently collect waste
products from the life forms which are
able to physically match up to them the
back walls are stalls three of them are
in use judging by the various feet which
show underneath the stall doors to the
left our sinks are saying you could just
type look to get the same oh can you
just type look to get the same
information Oh probably and you try it
just yeah alright you know we're doing
this from now on
you slide your uniform pants down and
settle onto the cool ring you go through
whatever motions might be normal for you
during this act refreshed you grab your
pants and compose yourself why no one
else has and it would probably be risky
to attempt without a flotation device
Andy what do you mean okay
flush dare you trying to open one of the
other stalls nope
faucets are an operation over who'll
didn't seem too big on personal hygiene
you stepped into that all right use
plunger in toilet I mean that would make
sense right
alright alright Oh fine fuck the sound
comes from one of the occupied stalls
you think suddenly one of your senses
downloads an extremely negative air
quality report for some reason the name
John springs to mind something just
farted
that's it oh I know what this jokes
gonna be the same thing it's gonna be
something else to do in there right I
mean can't just be that I suppose it
could just flavor it could
I guess someone farted right
triumphalism just what happens if we
open the door the last time I say no 139
punch try to hit f3
what's that I think it repeats the same
thing the last thing you did door won't
budge is that a lot in these games
wait wait I have something okay and this
isn't a this isn't a spoiler because I
don't remember most of the solutions in
this game yeah we have a glass cutter
and there's a mirror over there oh I got
a feeling we might need a section of
glass for later of mirror use cut around
mirror f3 and then just go back
not in a good place with it stand
somewhere slightly different just hit f3
yep good place your hand try it Amelie
near the front to look at mirror it's a
hard another paper pry it from there
alright I had it was good idea
yeah those quality idea I mean but so
then that room didn't do anything
Claire just been a joke I mean you know
bathroom joke right classic take off
pants shit right try the ladies room the
ladies room in the men's room by the
same room that's the joke we went in the
men's room on on that I'm wedding in the
women's room on that right side yeah
then when we came out of the restroom we
used the left door and then we came out
of the men's room door it's a joke that
both doors lead to the same bathroom
you need to get something from the
restroom okay well I can always go back
down let's see what's up here first no
breakthroughs in interior design to
report it's just one of the many
tube-like sections out that's not a door
take the poop out what does this Duke
Nukem Forever
the hallways on this level are the same
as above with the exception of some type
of cages an occasional strange noise is
heard the smell here is stifling
apparently the holding cells are not
well kept there's a door on the side
wall looking cell can't see much we hear
something stirring and the darkness
worried if you walk sit close to that
one cage those hands are gonna bang you
against the bars in a comical fashion
yep or you can talk to him that'll help
you I'm not I'm not sure which it's
quite dark in here there is a small
wastebasket on the floor next to it is a
pair of crusty work overalls let's take
a basket okay
take over aren't you amazed by how much
stuff an adventure game hero can carry
you just got to know how to pack oh I go
take overalls you pick up the overalls
they are very small and quite worn out
not to mention filthy and have no use to
you you toss them back on the floor as
you set them down something falls on the
floor look add floor and a lighter bow
lighter nope now I'm kind of remembering
a puzzle so I don't want to say too much
don't say too much okay I believe you
save the game that's good to talk to
monkey man over here
ouch you feel alarmingly dense
apparently you were a prime focal point
for some aggression channeling by one of
the Caged creatures your compressed
composition indicates that your attacker
possessions possesses considerable
strength a good guy to avoid in the
future I'm sure that means I am dead of
course you are damaged beyond repair in
the game must end you've made quite a
bit of progress though don't start
screwing up now that's why I saved right
beforehand
doo-doo-doo-doo steering clear of that
bad guy I think I remember what we need
in the bathroom now okay I don't know
one of the cells is living who knows
what unspeakable horror awaits behind
those steel bars yeah fraid no go scope
section oh oh yuck the dark and spiny
beasts with massive red lips grabs you
up and after a long and glance proceeds
don't read further if the phrase French
kiss bothers you
it supplants a very moist French kiss on
you you are left quite stunned oh great
oh please tell me an alien he's gonna
pop it on my chest later because of that
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
look the hallways in this level oh yeah
and stay away from the hands yeah how
long does that take though cuz I kind of
I kind of I kind of want to see it a
chest burster really pops out of it I'm
sure it does right has to press or I
don't understand for
all right let's go see what's in this
bathroom that we need do it do it do it
do it do it hoc written like a while
right at the end all right I want to see
it but you are kind of fucked yes it
does but it happens like way later
possibly
this one this takes me back to the
bathroom open a door look around look
right a closed door get fuck fucking
open door go in click now closed door
thank you and now look oh wait wait do
it do it what's this thing it's actually
read it it's the same stuff inside the
cells of this lady behold Oh a different
I saw this is the same thing the inside
of the saw is a sight to behold there is
writing of various languages itched on
the walls the floor has an interesting
coating of some type of congealed dreck
it appears that the toilet may have been
white once a toilet paper dispenser
hangs on the wall look at paper a closer
look makes you believe the paper should
have a grit rating you take paper okay
is that where you're supposed to grab I
think so supposedly I'm reading in the
chat something interesting happens with
the lighter in the bathroom Oh like if I
go back down and light the lighter in
the bathroom yeah
well you know what that might be a good
place to end it then we're almost done
with the game how closed almost like
very close okay
let's go do it let's just finish it
let's just finish it man finish it
yes we hear you you farted puffed yes
we're gonna go back to the lighter go
back get the lighter and not get kissed
by the xenomorph in the bucket
we'll go back the other way I think yeah
this one opens on the other side too we
have to just hurry sure yeah that would
by the way that would piss me right off
if like we made it through the whole
rest of the game and then yeah yeah but
well yeah if we're if we're that close
I'll do it that's fine
blind play blind for Jack largely blind
for me just because I played this when I
was 10 yeah and I have forgotten most of
it yeah but this is mostly blind for me
obviously I have rich and you the chat
helping me
dude do we tried using the plunger on
the toilet it did nothing it did nothing
it was really upsetting do you want me
to finish no all right then save hold on
yeah rolls take lighter okay then save
42 now back to the bathroom we're gonna
go back to the bathroom save it in the
elevator for easy what
well I suppose yeah we don't know what
we have to do after this like we have to
probably go back to like the third there
the ground yeah yeah yeah go back to
level one okay push for maybe okay well
same here I want to say 42 again okay
you use the plunger on your face to
remove the alien embryo I don't think
that works
it might work that'd be funny
I don't mind spoilers on this this is
what we're getting late in the night oh
I'll accept some spoilers now yeah does
that work well it doesn't matter I've
already gotten around the xenomorph I'm
I'm no longer infected with with the
chest burster I don't think there's
anything we need to do with the alien I
think it's just in there for a game
overall sure but okay we should have the
plunger chat we can double check our
inventory well Roger we'll go I guess
you'll be paying a you'll be paying
methane a little more respect in the
future if mr. science were here he would
have explained that open flame and high
concentrations of methane gas don't mix
and since you're dead you'd best into
restoring
ha ha look at that kaboom kaboom
commander Wow all right make sure we
have the plunger I believe we still have
the plunger yeah we did we do okay uh
press one right press one
it doesn't take the number it doesn't
take the number just to bail it out
that's so dumb it's super dumb man
here we are back
smooth move ex-lax you now know that
artificial gravity can be equally
effective as natural gravity your the
long fall and sudden stop your body has
become a two-dimensional object
you're dead of course I do for one
moment I forgot that you can fill out
things you can fall out things in games
geezers cheese and crackers
she'sa crackers oh man holy moly all
right so now we go down here but we're
gonna get trapped down here right so as
soon as they get close to getting down
here I'll save no this is coming up is
the puzzle that I was quite fond of
myself as a kid you're solving 100% on
my own and sure fairly quickly how would
you get around this deathtrap right we
got so we got the gym we got the plunger
we got the basket we had a lighter we
have a toilet paper glass cutter glass
cutter cage key the keycard this order
the whistle how would you how would you
get out of this deathtrap can you can
you beat a ten-year-old okay so let's
just see what happens okay
save it oh yeah it's right at the top
okay okay
I saved right at the top of the stairs
for you
I'm sorry I put the pressure on you no
no that's good that's good I need it
okay
so obvious so obviously and I don't know
how this is gonna work put paper in
bucket light paper no set paper on fire
well you have something in your
inventory for fires right well okay
comes later so much fuel you might want
to save later how is this how is this
going to help you I have no idea I'm not
thinking from a retractable floor I am
not thinking about how this will help me
from a retractable turn turn off your
your game logic and turn on your Looney
Tunes logic
try wall wall 32 using the formerly
unsure uncharacteristic creativity you
apply the suction cup like plunger to
the smooth metal finish and hang on for
dear life
once the janitor always a janitor
and I supervised this ticket said like
the door that closed right right okay
great
enough for me - great - yeah yeah so let
me know yeah no I know like I you know I
knew the paper went in the bucket I
didn't know how that was gonna help me I
just knew that was the thing to do you
do not cert any scenario slash puzzle
with Looney Tunes logic amateur works
for me let go
nice let's go ahead and save that nice
mad plunger strats bad plunger strats
nope nope nope nope running away running
away running away from death but let's
read look you're an attractive - yeah
right now let's look look shit
the huge metal menaces are specifically
designed to secure a given area when not
busy they are plugged into the wall
recharging imagine what the Nate the
Naik adds wood costs for those puppies
okay
okay so I'm gonna die Oh where's the
other one so they give you not did not
give you more of a hint with the look
hello
I am just a point
is lined with wall BOTS it's plugged
into the wall so you know like that's a
bit of a hint plugged into the wall
there's wall bots they just go away or
is he gonna follow humor me
look look look at ceiling the ceiling
looks ordinary except for some fixtures
that alright that is a detail that needs
to show up when you just type in the
normal look right normal look is what
you use to inform more specific things
that you do yeah I am sorely
disappointed by that
that's your head if you're a hint if you
want trend yeah now I know
wait I have sprinklers over here to
trial look up yeah there
okay you're gonna have to have this
ready before you walk in oh yeah
cuz he's gonna kill you before you get
there oh shit I love it and by the way
use lighter on bucket doesn't work start
typing in I like penny per se what use
lighter on paper use lighter paper say
one light paper on fire my paper fire
with lighter make fire use layer on
baskets electrical contact connection
connected to an extension arm reaches
from its body and makes contact with you
that's when you begin feeling the
intense bursts of electrical current
pulsing through your body you quickly
black out use lighter on sprinkler I
think you need to use the bucket I would
assume you need to use the bucket do
they need to be activated first probably
not use lighter it wasn't a bucket it
was a basket use used later on basket
Moo's try it with the robot maybe with
the robot chasing you it won't think
you're crazy
just hit f3
shit like basket on fire
twelve papers are already in the best
basket light the paper with the lighter
do you have to do it with it on the
ground
is the robot not chasing you anymore I
don't think so no that's okay no no
because I'm guessing they're gonna go
for a while while receiving a nice
hosing yourself the basket fire is
extinguished seconds later a loud series
of pops X followed by the smell of fried
electronics there we go the sprinklers
sense accomplishment and see separation
ah the games getting meta your fire and
subsequent showers seem to have shorted
out the burnished boys I'm really
disappointed that that general look
around didn't say anything about the
sprinklers yeah devastating okay great
did you save 45 you open door section of
corridor is lined with robots they have
been okay and whoa font use metal mesh
messes are specifically designed to
secure human area we're not busy they
are plugged into the wall recharging
imagine yeah check wall popped maybe
maybe the other direction has a dorm
maybe think maybe I feel like we remove
them and it's behind one of them that's
what no thank bitch-slap wall bots
mm-hmm pretty sure you just broke the
game creators hearts that one someone's
missing
this is a tough one because like yeah
you you don't necessary clearance don't
necessarily pop out in right level
design and so yeah we needed more of a
hint that might be a door
this is actually an old game a ver
yes this is a thirty year old game this
isn't a meant to look retro game you
have just entered of Voe hulls secret
chamber the evil one himself is seated
before a large console high on a
platform in the center of the room
standing obliviously ready are many of
the dreaded salesman clones so Roger
Wilco we meet again I must say I'm quite
impressed with your resourceful listen
to my - woody I love to chat but I'm
frizzy preparing lash to my sales clone
for their trip to xenon hey I got got
this idea we're gonna send these
salesman thousands of door-to-door sales
went down to the planet Zidane that's
gonna drive all crazy right it's gonna
drive also crazy rumor wants promoting a
life insurance I'm gonna make billions
I picked the wrong carrot surprised on
Wilson I'd pick the wrong character for
this plot maybe I think blinking might
work better feel free to stick around
and observe the downfall your
civilization ha ha ha
an eerie glow illuminates the large
chambers through the massive window you
can see out into deep space lighted
consoles adorn the area behind vocals
perch the hall awaits at the top of the
stairway
what uh yeah okay wait look at the sales
man not a sense hey guys sorry I'm late
like but you don't know who I am so
effing yeah that's true his project
Hornet the new new key joke that I
missed out on because I don't think
Hornets make much money to extract honey
you to extract so what's the point the
point is we when we said anything about
prior to torrent we said it might be a
while before we talked about this before
anything comes of it and nothing might
come of it and if nothing comes of it
we'll have a story to tell if something
comes of it you'll hear about it we'll
have a different story to tell right
you're blowing it out of proportion to
your the expectations now what accordant
you might be horribly letdown yeah no
don't don't worry about Project Hornet
we'll let you know
wait we are the top men are still
working still these guys are your worst
nightmare come true imagine hundreds of
John Davidson's in magnetically
hazardous polyester suits the color
alone and capable friend ago okay I
missed one earlier I'm checking Lloyd
beats us thanks a lot jack after you
mentioned the pear-shaped man I went and
read it now I get a creepy feeling every
time I see cheese puffs oh and by the
way thank you thank you everyone for
tweeting me pictures of coke and cheese
puffs it just brings back the nightmare
like I said rich the pear-shaped man is
not a typical the the pear-shaped man
written by george RR martin is a short
horror story that's included in the
ghost box a collection of short stories
this is this kind of a joke with a
horror story is just look at how
pathetic fat basement-dwelling losers
are with their Cheetos and coke that
that's kind of where it starts because
he's angry at his fans
oh fuck him oh rich no it's it starts
with the pear-shaped man that no one
seems to pay attention to blah blah blah
and isn't he a harmless man right and
and it like there is nothing
stereotypically horror about this it is
just utter creepiness and a slow descent
into madness and I got it's one of the
greatest it's one of the best reads I've
had in a long time and thank you
everyone for creeping me out on a daily
basis by tweeting me pictures of your
coke and cheese puffs but if you have a
chance I do believe someone in chat said
it was available to read for free online
somewhere but uh I got my hey I want to
see my things do you want to see my
things it's oh it's just it's one of
those stories that makes your skin crawl
it's beautiful and it's beautiful wait
well we're not reading any of this I
read the other one but you stopped me oh
sorry topped with firma blonde hair that
I'm looking at the salesman the face
splashed with that let me win you over
smile he's a master guilt Smith
programmed with one intent sell sell
sell each are encased in pre-programmed
impervious transport capsules okay great
yeah yeah george RR martin went on to
write a little series of books you might
have heard of it you might not have
they're called the Song of Fire and Ice
all right all right we gotta go we gotta
go up here we have to meet our destiny
going somewhere
hahaha
okay I don't think I was supposed to go
up there as soon as you step on the
platform you are struck by a beam of
light oh I get it I know what to do I
know what to do rich Oh what
I should have I should have finished
reading man again the beam strikes this
time blasting into a glass jar what on
the console it is there that you are
molecular Li reconstructed in a
miniaturized form I don't know what to
do I got shrunk wait wait I think we're
fine
oh yeah we're gonna be fine I hear my
original idea was before I go up there
to use my glass cutter to cut a piece of
glass to reflect right but now I just
use it here well I'll be - oh so this is
yours well I'll be darned
my miniature loudly darn my
miniaturization braver does work Jesus
Christ I put something that works
blinkin I always said that that they're
related I'm thinking oh yeah yeah when I
when I did plink it back in the day he
was a bit more bombastic slowed down
over time yeah so Don Wilson kind of
resembles me as a young man doing blink
adjust we're gravely and more plotting
maybe he's the esteems does the younger
cousin my mistake in history used to be
a little more like like that I don't
know I got I got like an iron bifacial
strong I don't know but I got my face
higher I got I gotta take my pills
yeah he slowed down when Mike started
doing the reviews because they had to be
explaining things right that slowed it
down yeah you can't you can't be
mumbling over your words yeah we're
trying to get your point across he had a
stroke he probably had several strokes
there's more there's more
blinking or what's his name the old days
I test these things in myself but as you
may have noticed by my appearance being
my own guinea a big hazard just dreaded
your guinea epic how it spoke goddamnit
I guess it keeps me out of my way once
and for all you little pressed there's
kind of a pun you'll make a nice
conversation piece with that Bohol turns
away
to put finishing touches on Xenon's
fates
the newly cut pane of glass falls to the
counter apparently Bohol doesn't notice
who already said
you are on a surface a console a large
compared to you a jar sits in the middle
a whole Hasmik on the side there are
some vents near the back doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo look at vent fuck
look from here all you can see is a vent
exterior
how about open event that doesn't seem
to be the correct action your your small
just try enter enter Venter you aren't
in a good good I'm gonna guess the vents
they're referring to stop you're here
walk off the table on the left you see
against that other wall
oh that's a vent that's what I'm gonna
guess you know I thought that was just
poorly why I fully understand that and
her event yep you wiggle your slim
carcass through the vent look around
judging from those two hoses coming in
from outside you guessed that this is
the inner workings of Voe halls
life-support system a respirator pumps
oxygen into his long as well a pump on
the back wall forces blood through
filters kilvo Hall there's also a sign
on the back wall let's see that sign
says
the sign says caution
press button for emergency shutoff oh
there's the button I see it all behind
the thing that's clever
that's fun hi didn't you know it doesn't
show up often okay look in the days of
the Atari 2600 this is some advanced
shit
I guess this is wasn't quite that early
way to go
Roger Wilco you've just disconnected
vocals life-support system he's a goner
without it you can see voll hull
struggling to take his last few breaths
not you again oh not not you again you
think you think you've won oh oh you've
got a failure girl oh my groin Freight
he reaches up and flips a switch on the
far end of the console before dropping
to the floor dead no what no a jackass
save right can you walk around that
corner
we're about to find out
this is adorable
this is adorable and I love it you are
walking on another section of the
control console there is a large switch
on the back panel a keyboard is at your
feet okay well let's go turn the hat on
probably walk out the keys well I don't
want to accidentally type anything you
switch turn turn on say turn switch on
turn the switch on huh type and large
thing go go Roger Wilco though I do want
him to be tiny forever
normal rich he's just so adorable I want
him tiny forever
can you go smaller oh that's probably a
cool death oh sure
you are once again reconstituted this
time to the correct size you notice the
clones are gone oh shit oh shit oh shit
oh shit oh shit look at panel you see
the screen with some text on it just
above a keyboard look at screen general
status or will the King time we're at a
timer
wait clone launched go to abort launch
enter code below what's the code we're
at a time for you to save oh my god
we're wasting time we're wasting time
new save new save everything is terrible
everything's terrible 49 okay uh look at
keyboard weight search will halt oh shit
okay body bowl halls dead hulking slab
of flesh is loosely arranged at the base
of the chair Search Search average body
good f3 an examination of his
repulsively turgid fabric and case mass
reveals nothing other than the tubes
which supplied him with blood and oxygen
you do notice the letters s HS are
written in pen on the back of his left
hand
you got a type s HS arc oh look at
Martin look at monitor book screen yeah
message are aboard granted uh go oh wait
okay save look at screen abort it's
already imported oh fuck sorry getting
out of here saving saving 50
fucking go I'm shocked they don't have
you getting out of here on a timer
get out of here
wait wait wait what's up the stairs what
up the stairs what's up the stair what
do you mean stairs up there oh my god
anything would notice I was leaving a
path to the shuttle rich son of a bitch
there's no time there's no well Roger
Wilco you found one more way to snatch
humiliation from the jaws of heroism
explain just come to the bottom or did
you save after that I think I'll check
damn it damn it damn it damn it
it's green we're great we're great we're
aborted let's go let's go try the
diagonal walk I know I can't get used to
the new don't say anything
shh shh oh my fucking god I made it look
what's in the wall
look you are walking through a clear or
tubular passageway which seems to wind
in and out uh okay there is a box
mounted in the West okay box the box is
actually an oxygen mask a mask you have
a box and notice an oxygen max remove it
and close box okay bear mask where we
put on use sure put mask did I do it
yeah it looks like there something on
your face okay great
save could you know the lock of the
stairs again if you save that's the
advantage I mean I made it up
okay go here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go fuck you oh yeah
okay I find all these your diagnol walk
thing if you move one letter ahead in
the alphabet sh s r becomes tits
entering tits also works as an abort
code so I'm not sure a section of the
glass tubing has fractured from combined
stress the pressurized atmosphere rushes
for the relative vacuum of space
fortunately wearing the mass protects
you from suffocation okay yeah that's
easy enough
yeah no longer needing the mask you
remove it and stow it for later
shit shit
the tubes
you would think he would move a little
faster in this area
40 minutes until Matt down a synthesized
voice cheerfully announces 40 minutes
until meltdown
there we go okay great
don't fall off you fucker in your
diagonal lanes but only you know
directional walking here we go here we
go here we go here we go I can't go
there no that's gonna make you fuck that
will make me fall and die but though I
want to go there oh come on come on this
is just agonizing are you playing a
ciara game then save I'll sit went out
what's that get to the end of this
fucking hallway I'll save hopefully you
didn't need something at the other end
of the hallway Oh God
- here we go here we go
zap sure does like to jaunt his way
around yeah he's great like uh
right let's do this a little walk yeah
hey there Zapp Branigan space Janet or
wait
York
look at mom
walls are covered with panels protecting
sensitive technolon they're nothing less
with I got these are different
those look like doors
oh shit you were in a selection of
hallway balls Bank of escape pods shit
okay look at robot
oh no no just run okay that's on two
legs within electronic scanning back and
forth on it
Meryem addict and I can't be good are
you serious are you serious are you
serious are you fucking serious Roger
Wilco why can't you run now with a chip
the chip might be Ryan's downfall could
be stairs were stairs back the way you
came it's breathing on my neck space
personal space robot we have to go all
the way we came or like to give them to
get the pod from the other direction
down
go around the other way seriously the
popular opinion go around the other way
go around the other way
what does that mean that means go all
the way around this is big loop you're
in a big loop you're in a big loop
what your big loop no I'm on the right
side now the right goes around the left
trust me trust me we're gonna show up
Hey
any curiosity you may have had harboring
regarding the menacing metallic pest
will now be satisfied as you have been
drawn to close your attention is
attracted to a decal on the front of the
machine it says the Vomero Matic this
rouses your curiosity suddenly you know
that each and every bone in your body
feels as though it has been transformed
into molten matter never slow to catch
on you notice that you are a cookie now
this is a pain that lingers every drop
of moisture is purged from your system
by the intense heat of the internal
barbecue your dehydrated composition
makes it in possible to continue better
luck next time
well shite
so just go all the way around I think
act activate him aggravate him and then
we're gonna go all the way around huh
that's the best I got
that's the best I got fucking what know
that it takes the door too long to open
the pod to just like open the pod and
jump in I'd have that push buttons ready
to go though type it in now so you can
just f3 it real quick then enter
no I wouldn't try to get him right now
cuz you're not gonna have time see ya
save before the bottle
and nope nope nope yep see it like it
just doesn't open fast enough
yeah that's fine come and chase me body
like there's got to be something
well what are we got what do we got
I got a to lose the plunger yeah on the
wall cutter was cutter glowing Jim
show keycard Chad slam and all that
works
push the button and then run away that's
not a terrible solution and then once we
go around it'll already be open if we
have enter
yeah I mentioned it's flimsy legs and I
just wonder if that's supposed to be
like a you know like a making trip and
fall over everything but we're right at
the end I could just look up a spoiler
yeah and this is it this is it this is
the final boss this is the end this is
the action ending I love it I love it
it's just a matter of being fast enough
huh of what being fast enough to the
door yeah well maybe it maybe will be
faster than the other way yeah the
exciting chasing yep this is the action
finale don't go this way
that's what the spoiler says push button
and jump in before you get killed
awesome well we'll try doing it from
this side then alright so I think for
getting in the door I think all we need
to type in is Enter
so after push button then just start
typing enter don't just walk in I'm not
sure it looks like what you just walk in
but I'll get it ready
I'll be blocking you from this direction
right
35 minutes until meltdown
if he's blocking me from this direction
I'll just go back to my last save which
was right before we got to him anyway
yeah
save again on this end so we can go back
as needed and without terrible it's
being a targeted to save yeah
all right that's a good idea so save 53
is on the left side it saved 54 is on
the right side
we must've missed a button on them all
that might be the button from the the
walkway we came from from the tube yeah
you could just name it right left push
button maybe you do need to Oh
like maybe maybe I do need to hit enter
nope there's no way we can do this fast
enough can we slow the game down this
game one more time
right here's my question yeah if we open
the door go away to the rainbow walkway
and then come back well the door still
be open
that's my question if it probably will
be I'd open the door and then just get
out walk all the way back and all the
way that way only oh oh my god all right
let's go to slow speed and let's do this
let's go to the right side say 54 but no
hesitation people are saying I'm on it
yeah I'm gonna get really close to the
wall here I'm sucked up against the wall
you can hit your finger by the f3 key
okay
slow-mo slow-mo rich but yeah you got to
be right on top of that button you have
you right on top of it but here goes
slow-mo this is kind of an unsatisfying
ending
I'll admit that is if we have high point
with the password and the
miniaturization this robot I wasn't
needed isn't particularly a good puzzle
solutions not satisfying enter enter
enter enter enter enter enter go in
there's no way there's no fucking way
push button look let's start normal
speed
what that's the father open the door I
run away
and then we'll we'll come back once he's
got back in the first reason we'll see
if the doors still open when we come
back
escape fast turns out a game that was
designed to run on a 286 processor runs
really fast when you try to put fast
mode on a Pentium 4
so like fastest is literally like
however your process beautiful that is
fucking beautiful not fastest holy crap
Pentium 4 whatever whatever they're at
now ok fast
I may need to type enter pod
we'll get we'll get out of danger we'll
do our fat work we're doing our jazz
walking here now
I want to put the speed back on normal
when you get closer no just in case this
gets fucked up
jazz walking well yeah what'd he call
that what it got like when you race walk
Trott a jog oh it's like a competitive
people want to be walking that's why he
looked like he looked like he was speed
walking
jazz walking I don't know why I said
jazz walking but that seemed to make
sense to me speed walking all right here
we go I have enter pod cued up
this is a terrible finale possible this
is a terrible finale puzzle the robot
has apparently decided that it is
permissible for you to be here since the
orient there must have been something we
missed like something of water that it
could slip on and think it's just that
dumb right oh maybe there's something we
missed
maybe because that's super dumb if you
have to walk away and then walk back you
quickly take your seats
closed door we're right at the end rich
Evans an hour ago look we I would want
to finish this game because presumably
will also do Space Quest 3 at some point
and if we're not gonna have a whole
stream where we only have like 45 or 50
minutes of game left yeah no there's a
good idea to finish it tonight
we were we were close enough where it
was a good idea yeah 100 who you're
going to have to stop cutting these
escapes so close Roger Wilco well you
must feel pretty good right now you
stopped Bohol from clearing out from
carrying out his threat of salesman
infestation ultimately destroying the
twisted scientist himself you also
managed to save your own skin and just
look at that score pretty darned
impressive suddenly a warning signal
draws your attention to the oxygen meter
on the front panel it reads the low and
dropping fast this is just great you
knew it was all too good to be true you
have maybe five minutes of air left well
Roger Wilco it was nice knowing you
LaRon learn luck now you take the time
to view the interior of a pod in more
detail you see a sleep chamber against
the wall
fuck fuck you I'm right f3
you turn back the plexiglass cover
chamber you make the split-second
decision to enter the sleep chamber it
seals automatically soon when you are
overcome by the my pleasant drowsiness
this is certainly better than
suffocating you begin to drift away into
a deep sleep with the satisfaction of
having accomplished your task you've
come through in the clutch and you
deserve a nice long rest now if someone
would just pick you up somewhere along
the way so long Roger Wilco and thanks
again for saving your people so they're
aliens again it was fun alien again I
guess more accurately alien meaning
another alien minion
there's bass quest - good I like them
that was a fine game people seem to
enjoy them
that's a fine game right there all right
Nana says any brainstorms for the next
rlm movie because if not I have a rich
in Jack pseudo villian Ted script that
is gold it's in my head I just have to
write it so let's talk residuals you're
moving I'm sorry make a roll movie if we
make another movie when we may or may
not decide to make it on movie mum
that's the UH melash fear also you know
you know what a you know what a great
script in your head is worth nothing big
a big old goose egg man the the war the
worst script you've ever read is still
better than your best idea in your head
an idea is ever-changing and you you you
disregard all the flaws it doesn't mean
shit till you got it down on paper man
you write that on paper you send it to
us we probably won't read it but then
you got yourself the script but most
fear says fuck yes made it in time to
see my two favorite streamers play my
favorite title keep up the great work
love you guys you love them love them
again however this one of your favorite
titles probably not a kid I welcome you
adult gentlemen most likely a
gentlewoman or whatever the fuck you are
as goes our streaming analytics but you
know it's also possible to be a lady
yeah we're just going with the numbers
here all right that's it okay let's head
over to the toe watcher this is the part
of the stream now that the stream is
over where we thank all the people who
have subscribed to us during this stream
the space quest stream space quest - to
be more specific
much like grew then 42 Egizi 99 for 14
months in roses fourteen month
anniversary and I get
bears quest awesome clone to 7 to 7 for
19 months in a row says forget Space
Quest where's the Gabriel Knight stream
I don't know where it is just Space
Quest stream I don't know what Gabriel
Knight is another adventure game powers
serie things here unqualified bard says
clone to 7 to 7 for 19 months in a row
says forget Space Quest where's the
Gabriel Knight stream you can repeat
what somebody else said if you want that
was like it's like mind-blowing rogue no
carto feeis connect kinetic our ex
chicken McDuck's for 13 months in a row
varta kiss says happy belated birthday
Richard Evans and insert overused rlm
quote comment here rich Evans is your
birthday replacing Christmas Christmas I
don't know it was just another holiday
like those best I could come up with
blog for 13 months it arose this next
review fractured but whole no no I don't
care about South Park I've heard their
games are pretty alright it's a fine
show do you still watch it I'm watching
a while I watched a little bit somewhat
recently but I really I was thinking
about this Esther because we're talking
with us a little bit it's been over 10
years since I've seen so far doesn't
mean I hate it though I have I had I
just don't care I have no no love no I
don't have basic cable and I haven't for
years yeah for many years I haven't had
cable but I at the same time I haven't
gone to seek out the show online much
like a few times I'm watched a bit but
no yeah I hate it sorry challenge
Danny analysts they have no strong big
baby troll is it Chris Gaines 2004 14
months in a row
says always a distinct pleasure to catch
you gents live hope you well Jack
enjoyed the totally not beer I sent over
for a cheat day consumption only of
course there's totally not beer here I
mean occasionally we got I don't think
I've got anything too recently unless
there's something in the mailbox like
right now
sure well keep an eye out okay we'll
keep an eye out mr. Alex Reynolds for 13
months in a row says hey Sierra thanks
guys you're the best
toad decimals for twenty four fucking
months in Rome says my first pace quest
was Space Quest four and I didn't
experience the glory of the text-based
games until years later thank you for
letting me revisit the Sierra classics
with the addition of your brand of humor
come on exploding varmints for 12 months
in roses hey guys so it's been twelve
months that Jeff Bezos is paying you
some breadcrumbs on my behalf hopefully
it at least covered the investment into
the state-of-the-art space adventure
game yes absolutely okay Sean for twenty
five fucking months in a row says this
is something about watching these older
games much more fun when someone else is
playing them with voice acting and
special effect noise --is that's the
onion you know they just didn't have the
technology for all the laser gun to pew
noises that's important heliosphere 1969
for seventeen months in a row coach
Marra 42 ninja La Ferme axion because
movie for 21 fucking months in a row
because movie says rich and Jack I've
been waiting 21 months to get a good
fucking from you thanks for all the fun
times
happy birthday month rich but you are
wrong
wrong wrong wrong about the Bladerunner
narration saga whatever a clockwork
Stalin for 30 sad she's making a mess
36 motherfucking months in a row says I
would like to thank all of our LEM for
making this motherfucker possible
it smells like gunpowder in here now
she's off this fucking fireworks you and
your gimmick you and your fucking
gimmick ever the hooks current in the
chat I'll be home we're rubbing up I'll
be home soon I'll be home soon I gotta
put up with this clowns firecrackers and
slow me down I'm juggling did you read
up on axes oh he wrote Lexus anyway how
is your sex life fucking great John 1089
for 25 fucking neuroses thanks for the
stream my family scared me on my
birthday with a skeleton dressed as dick
the birthday boy love you guys give us
moon for twenty six fucking months in a
row aimless Corsair scooped no7 just
this guy you know for thirty four
fucking months in row says I have kids
younger than this subscription
congratulations
I am Chester says ten months wow that is
so depressing sorry NSF msf wookie pre
10 dear dad Sadie fives is rich got hurt
burn since childhood you know what
helped cut the soft drinks sweet and
carbonated shit just go for pure water
you get used to it quickly you won't
miss anything after a few weeks and your
Bonnie stomach will thank you okay gape
Lee Resendiz says
where do you learn to make ice cream
sundae school uncool aid man for 36
motherfucking months in a row and uncool
8 man says it's my 3 year anniversary
you plates the Space Quest to celebrate
are you guys Cameron Mitchell's ghost
open up by the way yeah this might not
have to pay off for quite some time I
had I had a Cameron Mitchell idea oh
I'll tell ya I'll tell you later
Wednesday I'm later this is it this
point back to this moment
Zoara
Matan juggle miss twits says guys my
roommate is starting to laugh like rich
Evans my work here is done I'll see you
missed my tip from earlier you hack
frauds I read I missed toots I know it
you might not have been listening but
unless you said more than one and
sometimes it takes a while for us to get
you know I read the one about frog
fractions in the bug porn unless you
have another one I'll chicken together
figure right now make it happen no um
see poo for 13 months in a row
Purdue cat says thanks again for all the
great content there's a fun early access
game called Ben and Ed two blood games
it's a ridiculous 3d platformer where
you play as a zombie forced into a game
show with obstacle courses oh I think
I've heard of that one it's like I think
we can you can play together play with a
friend I'm sick of this six 441
motherfucking months in a row Wow Jebus
crisp and I was insane double seven
rules Space Quest the space inning
huzzah Wilkins the clown for thirty
three fucking months in a row Barmes the
dog my name
is Tate for 28 fucking months in a row
who says the fuck is öand I'm trying to
sound it out and my mouth is getting mad
at my brain orand earned oh and thunder
guns old Chris for 36 motherfucking shit
to clean up that wood went far once so
much.what hit the wall old Chris evil
Lord David for 12 months in a row says
hey guys David here for a full year now
happy late birthday rich I hope it was a
good woman
hi David the mad Russian and DK ff4 for
13 months a neurosis Jack you should
have let rich take part in the Jeffrey
Combs review at that moment oh hey he'd
never even seen the movies
we put rich into these cage Jack was a
fine choice for them ya know cuz I like
I'm okay with goopy body stuff and I
know you're not necessarily a horror fan
or comedies okay though but yeah you
probably in the reanimate er but
anything I think I birthed a cousin take
on that than I probably would have had
it was fine it's fine fine great good
review I thought was a fine review thank
you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
and yeah have a nice one rich is
completely completely unrelated anything
okay I saw uh just I just want to talk
about something brilliant I saw okay I
saw just kind of link to some kind
something to click bad shit but I
clicked on it anyway cuz up them and it
was like listed unaired pilot episodes
two things oh okay and apparently they
did a pilot episode for show written by
Conan O'Brien starring Adam West and
it's on YouTube
really it's called look well it's a show
about a washed-up actor played by Adam
West sure who used to star at a
detective
show and even though the detective show
is long cancelled he still tries to
solve real crimes and he's also a
struggling actor and he ever every step
of the way with his detecting he is
completely 100% wrong and it's it's
brilliant this sounds amazing huh look
well and it's available on youtube look
well in fact I know you watch it after
the stream that's my recommendation Adam
West and look well this sounds brilliant
it's it's absolutely brilliant I just
wanted to throw it out there because I
saw it last night I thought it was
fantastic okay that's great all right
have a nice one good night
