Episode 196
Coffee and Strigas (Part 1)
October 27, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhXnW5KaqjI
___________________________________________

like this is like this is almost a gyro
friendly stream right here pregnancy
rectally a gyro friendly stream we'll
see we'll see if anyone notices us
yeah yeah refresh your page it's live
hello chat is talking about the Tim
emote what's it which I took away for a
while because we ran out of emotes and
then as soon as we got a couple more I
put them back in because I love him I
fucking love that Tim Higgins face it's
my favorite thing and by the way if you
have the twitch app you can when you
send someone a text you can send text so
all using the emotes that you use in the
Twitter chat so I can say I can just
send people Tim's face via text message
like here look I'm gonna write your
message hello you know like and then
here I can like use the apps no I don't
want more apps I want
oh god everything it's so easy
everything is broken
everything's broken I don't want to
visit store I just want to oh here it is
so twitch emotes and I know like I can
send all my nameless I can just like
send you Tim emotes I can just send you
pictures of Tim right how long has the
stream been on we just started do we
have a proper prize we could we we have
shit all around here what what do you
want 
I don't know. I just want somebody
who can tell me what Tim is from other
than Space Cop. Other than Space Cop.
RLM-related, or...? 
Tim has been in something RLM-related.
Oh, I'm sure they know. I'm sure they know.
Are you, there was a lot of talk earlier, who
is this guy? Who is Tim?
See, look. Cinnamon's got it already.
I thought it was Rich.
Yep. No, he's not in the Western Ore Musical, McPimpy.
Okay, okay he was he was the hipster.
That's right.
What, what other episode of Half in the Bag was he in?
Oh, the_cinnamons got another one.
Yep, and he was also, uh, JJ.
Was that, uh, that was the, was that, uh, that wasn't Half in the Bag, was it?
No, that wasn't Half in the Bag.
But he was JJ in, in the, in Plinkett.
Yeah.
Is it just me or does the webcam get
worse every stream is just you double
check at what resolution you're playing
at we're using the exact same thing and
it's not a webcam it's actually a DSLR
yes yes captain Ned Peck he was one of
Lucas's thugs in the very first episode
of half in the bag
yep that's he was in the first episode
of half in the bag
he he was in something early unrelated
before you were no I was in the group
house okay I mean since since since
since we were big though sure mouse keys
nobody nobody watched that well I mean
the point that doesn't count
oh it's true I'm in the blanket restroom
that's why I never so true
get your facts I'm just trying to find
an interesting spin like an interesting
trivia did you know that Tim Higgins
predates jack nope wrong is so wrong so
he has been in half in the bag I
okay ready for something Tim might be in
more half in the bags than I am
no you've been at least two discussions
right I think just one it's just the one
just Batman versus Superman I wasn't in
the Batman versus Superman was just
Supra no I the only one I was in was
pixels because we're talking about I
know we're talking about the Batman for
some it trailers I remember
in pixels we reference the Batman growl
they bleed yeah so I was in pixels and I
was mailman Tommy oh you know you're
right I was in the comedy club I was a
patron in the county age of Ultron that
sounds right
I was in that sounds right I don't even
remember that discussion I will be quite
frank and honest with you I was in
Ultron well not ah why is this dream
720p that's what we streaming at it's
it's easier that way so Jack's memory is
incredibly bad and Ultron we didn't have
a lot soccer Bach because you know it's
Ultron look at my look at my sweet-ass
library
oh yes this is your firm is my fine I
notice one thing yeah first thing I
notice here you did not decorate your
home much no I do not think her mama I
don't care about sorry that's fine like
this first thing I noticed yeah no I
don't do anything like this I hate that
this anchors here what's what's the deal
here you showing us your farm yeah are
you done kind of your work is done this
is you've been working on a coffee farm
on a coffee farm for weeks now yep oh
that's been your goal I gotta talk to
penny she has to go it's time wait this
is your wife Penny's my wife any give
her those much there you go do you hear
yeah well you have to have here there's
no bald option I figured you would have
installed a mod it's the switch it's the
switch right consoles are limited okay
but I do get to play this I do have a
hat I have a little hat something funny
I don't like it's so weird like in order
to kiss your wife you can't kiss her
like this you have to go inside of her
do you know it's so weird
hmm I never noticed to talk today you
have to go inside of her to kiss her but
okay so now penny is smoocher fide oh my
God look at my fence oh you just want to
show the shit off that's what you're
showing us no well first of all that is
fresh today yesterday my fence was not
all wrecked like that
I'm embarrassed why don't you fix a
fence I've never law the tour well no I
got to go do my shit first then I'll fix
my fence I have a pattern here rich
alright wait I need a I need a bait are
you gonna Jose you a soda machine from
selling out to Joe Jamar yeah that's
awesome yeah so I got a fresh soda every
day I just sell it home I got a pet
here's one dinosaur chicken chicken look
at that look at you can see my coffee
kegs already fat my dinosaur chicken oh
and duck I kind of remember to close
this damn door I don't know why you care
you're done with this game yeah I know I
just in general well I gotta get even if
the dinosaur egg that's sweet
well yeah like have to dinosaurs range I
have two dinosaurs and a void chicken
just four void mayonnaise how do you get
the dinosaur egg luck yet finding where
did you find yours I found it actually
in the mines I dug it up in the modules
randomly and and then I incubated it and
you know I think in order to incubate
the dinosaur you need at least level to
the level to dig it up you mean like
just cracking a rock yeah yeah that's
not like hoeing the ground I just wanna
but you can get them from hoeing the
ground a little wormy little more bees
yeah and so then I incubated it got a
second one then as soon as the second
one and then every other I could just
sell cuz they're good to sell right and
then I here you can see my void chicken
uh-huh that gives me a void eggs oh wait
oh I forgot my beans
oh and biscuit there we go now all of my
animals are pet that's sack my horse
this is like sad sack that's the name
that it came with and so I said you know
I like sack sack the horse
this is my meager coffee system right
now I expected more kegs
well kegs are kegs were the part that
that surprised me I was not prepared for
kegs
all right so now we'll get we'll get
some coffee brewing I was not prepared
for Kings but okay are you ready for it
yeah yeah you ready
get that crayfish out of my hand oh look
at all the coffee Oh
give me give me all those beads look
look at all that coffee yeah I'm
drowning in it so you're not planning
any outside I've noticed well we'll get
well good oh you're getting there okay
this is somewhere else well so this is
the fifth day of spring yeah so like
I've been in winter for a while and you
can't and beans only grow in spring and
summer not in winter or fall so I've
only been able to grow them and he
missed one make sure you no fucking
drama friend jacket make sure you knew
you hold this I have hundreds of coffee
beans so much fuck yeah they they
multiply fast yeah it's exponential
growth over here it's like corn more
coffee more coffee
this this whole area needs to be
dedicated to my tea grind corner them
I just put rant like as I was building
up I just put a random shit in here okay
you know the random seeds that you find
yeah and so this is just random stuff
actually by happenstance two of my
random seeds turned out to be coffee
beans that's weird
yeah but now all I'm waiting for all
this stuff to die out so I can plant
radishes because I need to put eight
radishes the corn is never going to die
out the corn will just keep going in the
cold
oh yeah I need to I need to put eight
radishes in the mayor's refrigerator to
receive the next quest in the mr. cui in
the mr. cui clef why are we screaming
early because we were here and we said
fuck it
why not okay so here here is the glory
of my cup here is the glory of my coffee
farm so far pretty fucking up
yeah yeah which it which I'm really
happy with I got my kegs out here and so
then this was my old farming error this
is all coffee over here as well okay
it's just brewing yeah oh my good look
it look it looks terrible fucking did
you not have rocks yeah I have so many I
keep oh god you broke one of the good
ones
oh it was accident it was an accident
I have so many rocks rich I've actually
built like a million staircases even
though I don't think I'll ever use them
okay I was worried you're gonna
accidentally chop down my coffee I'm not
gonna chop down any my coffee
all right so this is my oh yeah and I've
got my beets in there put my coffee back
I can sell that
a lot of gold coffee now - that's great
okay hold on rocks we wear my Roxy look
I have a thousand rocks here and close
to a thousand rocks here I've seen you
can't turn those into gates can you like
the fancy ones oh yeah I think your
never mind that's the stack I think
you're talking about the gems I got all
these rocks here I thought you're
talking at the gems your crazy person
there you go all right now we get we can
build our fence back up to at least look
respect I that's that's just
embarrassing like I want to show off my
awesome farm and my fence is in
disrepair - dick get out of here very
hard and fence fixed alright
oh no oh look like it just broke this
offense is falling apart rich oh god
another one oh god I got the fireplace
the whole thing right I didn't know they
could break down midday I thought it
would be overnight like if it did break
yeah oh yeah they just break down when
it's time to break down
I've never seen a fence breakdown in
front of my eyes before well you're
welcome
oh shit yeah damn it
you need that hardwood fence yeah does
that last well yeah that last like a
year I think how nice get get just move
the mouse over there
I got it I got it settle down rich just
move the mouse cursor right there sit
settle right the fuck down all right
there we go now oh shit well I wanted to
close my gate I wanted to close my gate
and I've put a fence there all right
everything's fine there so I got my nice
sprinklers so coffee over here and so
then like what I was thinking what I was
thinking I do because I have all these
cool islands over here right this is my
fishing Island it spent battery powered
my battery spot in the fishing Island
but I have this whole giant fucking
Island right here so I was thinking
about turning this into keg island yeah
yeah and just you know make rows and
rows of kegs for my all of my coffee
beans the only problem is kegs somehow I
when I was chopping trees early-game
yeah
I only chopped down the oak trees
unbeknownst to me and you need oak resin
in order to build kegs did you did you
did you grow a bunch of Oaks just to get
I'm working I'm where they're growing
right now unfortunately they don't
really grow in in winter I thought
Therese will ruin where I think they do
hold on let me get my shit put away cuz
we got a we got a changeover the coffee
it's already done brewing we got we got
shit to do Oh what
I had change over your coffee got a
change over my coffee
Richie dorable this whole games adorable
this this whole games adorable I am like
I'm losing interest fairly fast now that
I have all of my beans and my kegs and
so I don't think I will be I probably
don't need anymore in that it takes five
beans to make a cup of coffee but like
boom boom boom like this is some sweet
money cuz every cup of coffee is worth
oh god what is it I forget what it's
worth but you know like you could just
do this all day and make some mad mad
money thank you get out of here
chicken fucking chicken okay damn yes
chicken get out of my what do you ever
growing in your cave what do you have in
your cave mushrooms I didn't think I
think that's a smart choice because like
you you either choose between mushrooms
or fruit bats and the fruit bats I did
that deferred my first playthrough and I
just didn't seem to be very you would
grow fruit trees right mushrooms you
have another really waiting good way to
get other than foraging right and
there's a really good recipe for a life
elixir with the four different mushrooms
and it does it does a good jelly go oh
man we are rocking and rolling today
hold on what up watch where's my jelly
shit
oh my out of jelly stuff oh my god oh
wait maybe I was smart and I put it in
the refrigerator I'm not a jelly stuff
hold on
no I'm just out of fucking jelly stuff
sell my shit so in any case you know
I've gotten close to 50 bonus hours out
of starter Valley just from
mm wait wait wait just from coffee
farming yeah which is great look at that
look at all those hearts penny my wanna
know oh by the way penny tell jealous
the other day they do that she was like
so I well and here's here's my problem
is they don't give you enough they don't
give you any options for retaliation
because penny was like I heard you gave
a secret gift to marui yesterday and i
was like i also gave a gift of demetrius
don't just you know like i give gifts
out to a lot of people that's how i get
recipes you know but okay I already gave
Maru gifts did you want to complain if
it's on their birthday I my wife
complaining cuz I gave a gift to a dude
yeah yeah she was like hey she's like
why you giving gifts to a dude I'm
straight I I'm married to you I'm like I
think you know this I'm gonna I'm saving
my void mayonnaise because I'm gonna go
visit cro bus and that's the think
robust likes the most is void mayonnaise
so okay so now I have three tappers
going on the tree so I gotta go I'm
gonna go check my trees for more oak
resin oh oh we got the mother lode Oh
prison yeah get out for your horse
manga boom your high horse that was on
my high horse horse let's go
oh we got more barrel we got more more
kegs we can make hold on
nevermind crow bus has to wait maybe
trade penny into the witch no penny just
got a little jealous penny is my one and
only even even though like you know yeah
you're gonna have kids with penny
because this is this is a fantasy life
for me I will not give our children
you Rambler watch the stream sometimes I
do
hi just having a little coffee my
children know that I love them but there
are a lot of work that's not what I want
on my game time okay wait so what do we
need shit what I need for no power save
mode oh shit yeah that's right because
we're on we're on the other yeah
absolutely at home I'll wave it around
every known that okay would wants to go
to sleep would copper iron rich is what
we need we need wood copper iron okay so
one to only wood copper iron is a thing
too and then we need wood do I have
enough wood yes I do build two kegs put
the wood back
Oh more beans more beans coz I'm gonna
have to fill these all up again I'm
gonna move all these kegs eventually if
I decide to keep playing right right but
but you're basically done but I'm
basically done where'd my other King go
oh there's coffee coffee oh my god I'm
the coffee master it's so great boom and
boom and boom and boom great
alright now we're gonna go visit cro bus
and give him some mayonnaise because he
likes mayonnaise and the other tree that
I have a tapper on is down by Creoles
and then I'm going to oh my god it's
6:20 p.m. already time flies time flies
in this game fuck I was gonna get my
geodes processed gosh dang it
don't tomorrow I know I just usually
obviously when I'm playing this and not
streaming I am I'm much better at time
manage yeah yeah oh but today is Friday
we can see uh you should be glad this
isn't harvest moon 64 oh yeah all the
days and that we're so lightning quick
the days this feels so long to me in
comparison to the Harvest Moon days oh
really
oh rare seed well the trade-off in
harvest moon is time is paused when
you're indoors race to the store race to
the story get in this door well yeah I
like it in here it's just like make sure
you are in some menu yeah yeah if you're
thinking about anything
yeah get another rare seed I guess the
game certainly gets boring after you
basically made it unless that's the deal
with this game there's no real ending
that's what you do you play it until
you're your I wouldn't say bore you play
it until you're done right I know like
technically there's that there's the
three-year thing whereas I yeah I will
come back on your third year really it's
really - because it's like day one of
year three
oh yeah yeah well I I'm just not gonna
make it that far
cuz I just don't care that much all
right nope nothing let's see here's
here's the only other tree that I have
tapped I have those three trees tabs
like a pride to have this one
what's secretly piteous check playing
this I love this game I've played this a
ton of my own I really wish I could get
down there and to clean up that garbage
300 later 300 hours later and now I'm
bored
that's it yeah you get it you get you
get those 300 hours that's it oh yeah I
know and you know if I wanted to I could
you know like there's a bunch of nope no
don't eat the void mayonnaise there we
go
give us a crevice for crocuses people
that's a great honor to receive the void
mayonnaise so all right there we go like
there's a bunch of side quests that I
could do through the Jojo Mart I have
unlocked everything I have the the power
you just gonna leave those spring onions
huh oh I just don't care that much you
need I need for something lighter I'm
not playing a recipe or something by the
way you know and because I was so hyper
focused on penny
like you'll notice that my friendship oh
I don't know I didn't notice because you
know like I haven't been concerned about
anyone else that wasn't your priority
you wanted the coffee farm I wanted the
coffee farm and I wanted penny nothing
else mattered and so like look at that
some of these people don't have any lips
so I have almost no recipes almost no
recipes Oh No yeah but now chromis is
getting up there or crocus gave you two
fucking gifts man you got to be my
friend now you got a head on his
birthday man listen I just gave him to
fucking void mayonnaise when is his
birthday
I don't know you know where check yeah
it's offensive fruit for my jam makers
rich I need to find some fruit from a
jam makers I don't want to because I
have like the ancient fruit but I'm
making that into wine and I don't want
to make that into jam sounds like if
they might be giants album name I need
fruit for my jam makers coffee coffee
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
coffee I look at all those kegs close
the story it's a lot of I you know it's
important to close this door at night
because it's just a lot easier to make
sure that all of your chickens and
dinosaurs and ducks get pet in the
morning if they're all indoors that's
why that's why I'm making sure to close
that how am i doing today I am fine I am
just fine today was a pretty good day
wouldn't you say okay I got one one
purple product all the rest is gold but
you know I got a lot of gold only one
purple dude chickens actually like
getting petted not not actual chickens
to be my guests for the most part the
actual chickens are affectionate like
you don't you don't need to pet them
don't run away from you when you try to
go pick them up well they they try to
run away but they like depending on the
chicken it won't necessarily bite you
chickens don't like getting petted I
think is when I take out of that yeah we
don't have you don't have your mushroom
tree tapped no I took might a profit to
tap okras oh I should priority I was my
priority rich that was my priority and
you know like I have so many fucking
mushrooms I'm not worried about getting
more mushrooms from the oak tree so I
think here's gonna be my plan think of
the nice mushrooms right there
purple ones they give the right are
usually red sometimes purple the last
playthrough I did not get a mushroom
giant mushroom on your farm
yeah oh I'm sorry yeah that's fine
George of your soda machines so deep
that I did like I do wish it did more
like I there was a whole ceremony
forgiving you thing and look what I
found already the mutant carp led well a
legendary fish a legendary fish gonna
good work good work I enjoyed tracking
the legendary fish down oh yes oh no
they they had a whole ceremony for me in
front of the old community center yes
just to make sure that piss on those
ashes absolutely and it was actually
like it was really nice where you know
the head of the judge Martin all the
employees were there all all of my
friends the village folk who would have
lost their jobs had the Joe Jamar
O'Donnell Wayne all my friends were
there to say hey thank you for helping
us with our community project this this
we actually first tested it here in
stardew valley because and now Joe Joe
is so happy they're implementing it
everywhere you have saved the village
there's a whole thing had a whole thing
rich put it this way uh a ver egde Owen
in chat actually Jack is playing this on
a switch right now so this is no longer
only on PC and isn't it on Xbox as well
I have no idea about that this might be
on everything
ya know I'm playing this I'm currently
playing this on the switch as you see my
funny switch controller right here this
it be on fucking everything I'm just
gonna check really quick
stardew valley it's on Windows it's on
Mac it's on Linux it's on PlayStation 4
it's on Xbox it's on the switch it's on
everything is the switch a good system I
really like it because it allows me to
play games like this portably doesn't
have a lot of games you were interested
in playing that's the question you
should be asking boom but secondarily
rich like cuz this all you know like a
lot of games that are on this are also
on PC or on other systems right sure
sure
and so then you need to say like where
do you want to play your games and see
for me that's either at my desk or on my
couch jigs a TV exactly that's not a
that's nothing yeah the portability is
just not a factor for me exactly exactly
but for some people it is and so then
you have to say well will enough games
come out to justify it I think I think
they have more games are coming out they
will not be at a loss for games seems
like a good game to play Porter this is
stardew valley like veal that's where I
get all of my hours in he's like
portable just like oh I got 10 minutes
I'll take it do a day right it's amazing
this game was made for a hand it penny
penny oh she's not reading that's why I
love that's why I love penny she's
Spencer's look look at her look up there
up up on the top up where on the top she
spends her Saturday morning just reading
in the garden
did you plant anything in that empty pot
no what I guess I haven't tried can you
plant anything no I don't know let me
get my seeds there's some I've got like
a bunch of like the that's where I keep
a lot of my chest and whatnot I'm
usually not up in the garden and notice
what's going on up there I think I'm
probably just blocked by things
let me see I think I have my seeds right
I put all my seeds my mom just stopped
by and said this game looks worse than
her farm game farmville would that be
would that be it
you know if it's not for you we're not
trying to push this game on anyone I
just I like it he's not right do I have
an apricot I don't have an apricot lady
there's a seed all right I'm gonna try
planting a beet seed in there and see
what happens a lot needed Jojo no you
cannot plant the seeds in there you're
hoping GameCube games start coming to
the switch as rumored oh that could be
father none available
I don't paid any attention to this not
that I know I wouldn't mind mario
sunshine guess it's not it's not
available many places I wouldn't mind a
remastering no mario sunshine that would
be great right let's get that widescreen
yeah yeah fuck yeah all right I miss
flood flood was a fine addition to 3d
Mario Mario Sunshine was great is great
Mario Sunshine is great gotta get my
coffee started right there's my coffee
and now we got to go pet our chickens
quack
okay pet yeah yeah I know okay okay
avoid chicken pet that chicken and my
two dinosaurs but they updated where you
can use the GameCube controllers on
switch now but does that have anything
to do with hinting that the porting
GameCube games over as much as it has to
do with people loving that controller
for Smash Brothers I can say that more
so that's like that's an indication that
they are bringing Smash Brothers to the
switch the Wii U version of Smash
Brothers now the version of Smash
Brothers that we all want it's not not a
thing that exists yet they don't have a
switch version of smash smash no I don't
know that we plan on streaming at Friday
but we definitely plan to play Mario
Odyssey yes yes we do
okay eggplants that's nice we definitely
plan on playing Super Mario Odyssey neck
cat alright
everything is pet do they have mario
maker on the switch no no they do have
Mario makers now out for the 3d s why
wouldn't have been on the switch why
wouldn't you do that the head they
haven't for the 3ds and they want to
make sure that the 3ds is also a still
still a viable system nobody owned
nobody own do we you know more people
bought of Wii U
yep and this is this is great get mario
maker game it's a there's a great Mario
maker game and Nintendo does you have to
worry about making content for the users
do that yep
why don't you why don't you move that
over to the switch that's a that's a
great question that is a question for
Nintendo I don't want to do today what
do I want to do today okay I know what
I'm doing today cave carrots bottle we
you to play The Wind Waker and Twilight
Princess mmm the Wind Waker shit yeah
windwaker winwaker was a fine game
winwaker is a fine game that we are
gonna get these geodes processed and
then we're gonna go back to the mines so
I can find that first dwarf squirrel
that's my plan rich okay that is my
official plan oh yes
my coffee is probably already done but
following I should say goodbye to so are
they gonna replace the 3ds with an other
handheld or is it just all gonna be
switched from here on out rumor area
according to Nintendo I shouldn't say
rumor according to Nintendo they do not
think of the switch as a portable as a
handheld system
oh they're fucking Liars this that's why
I you know Nintendo says that that is
not their handheld they have their 3ds
market they just came out with the what
is it what is it called the the 2d x SL
which is like a cheaper version of their
3ds that doesn't have the 3d
capabilities but still has the giant
screen right they're still making games
for it it is still very profitable you
know they just had a Nintendo Direct
yesterday now you know they now it's
animal crossing okay for your phone okay
their second official phone game don't
care about that Oh Karen's gonna go nuts
I know Karen's nuts for the animal
crossing hold on I have to dig in the
garbage nothing I never thought of a
switch as a handheld I I think the
switch was totally an attempt to save
their there they're lagging behind
console market by grafting it onto their
ridiculously successful handheld market
yes and but I I think if you are looking
for them to merge the two I don't think
it's gonna happen anytime soon
all right all right oh that was shitty
shitty bunch of geodes
fucking cliff Clint nothing no garbage
and there's nothing in the garbage
either we're going in the mines you know
we're just gonna start at the beginning
we're just gonna start at the beginning
because I got to find me some dwarf
squirrels
I have a problem I have three out of the
four dwarf Scrolls that you and you need
all four of them in order to talk to the
dwarf and like I don't necessarily like
even care about buying anything from I
just want to talk to him and so that's
gonna be a super letdown it's not it's
not amazing it's just a dwarf he's just
a dork no and you know what at this
point like like with everything in this
game it's just something to do oh sure
yeah sure
and it really bothers me because I have
scrolled two three and four
it bothers me that I don't have one you
know I believe though having the ability
to translate the language lets you read
the clue to get the super secret sword
wood there's a super secret super secret
sword shit
see now you're talking my language we
need a super secret sword there's a clue
to getting it in the graveyard
what you are not going to get this sword
is my guess what
probably not I'm on other things at the
moment right right but you know you
never know you never know when that star
to Valley it will come a scratching I
need to pick it up play it for a few
minutes that's the thing yeah you know
what is it Dale a day
what is a day twelve minutes two minutes
don't you go to sleep early sure sure
but I mean like if you if you go to
midnight right what's a date well honey
I'm not sure I'm not sure we looked into
this before but it's something like that
which is added 10 more hours of playtime
for Jack Rob I probably did you might
have theirs now that I know there's a
super-secret store I mean I have a
pretty badass sword right now my sword
is the lava katana so you know pretty
awesome
Lincoln Junior's is rich the last
episode of duck tales is on 10:28 binge
it up alright
we also ways of Mario Odyssey coming out
on the 27th and the new season of
stranger things I don't I don't know
when I'll get to it but doc tells us
it's on my agenda yeah yeah new duck you
haven't watched any of it anyone waiting
for an official susan bingen oh god big
like every everything is coming out on
like the 27th honestly fucking
everything Oh purple rock I forget
that's what you get in those oh oh yeah
amethyst you get the purple you get the
purple diamond like that figured it was
amethyst been trying to be sure ya know
and you know the this there's a lot of
bombs I have some bombs bombs can be a
really fast way to just clear off
totally sure but I usually wait till
something like this you know like
something where there's it you know like
there there's a fucking rocks but just
for the stragglers I'm not to worry just
a bunk need that squirrel
what is your opinion on video game wave
whose as more mature game fans nice
option in any any story to have a love
interest it's even nicer if you you
could pick you know the character you
liked most as your love interest but I
don't get super obsessive or weird about
it
hint hint right anyone listening
well yeah and it all depends on the game
we can talk about internet wave whose
when we play the next game that we're
going to play because I have some things
to say about that we're not gonna tell
people that is yet waifu look look I'm
not a weeaboo I don't know these things
way fo way if I think here here in
stardew valley what's really nice is I
like how they build up the relationship
and say you know you can have like the
little cutscenes with everyone and get
to you can actually like get to know
people and choose who you want to be or
if any and there's also the option just
not to have a wife I've seen I've seen
many people you know discuss which is
the best to start evaluating penny is
though I'm a little interested in Emily
Emily has some really interesting
hippie-dippie backstory stuff which i
think is fun
I've heard I've heard a decent argument
for Maru
apparently she's the smart one of the
group or no minis I think it's cringe
e'er that you know how to pronounce why
fool oh shit that means you've thought
about this a lot if you just know you
just know how to pronounce it and more
so than you're like going around
correcting other people that me you know
what that means that means not only do
you have you thought about this a lot
it's important to you but that's what's
creepy about that this is so important
to you that you want other people to get
it right
so
you know I guess it is what it is it is
what it is how about a big bomb right
there
get out fucking rocks I just don't need
anymore fucking rocks I've argued that
Lea's the coolest but I think marriage
and living on the farm would reduce her
too much as a character no Lea's the one
that that likes the outdoors in nature
farms perfect for her well inch
she has an arch she's basically living
just like she was in surrounded by
nature but she has a nicer house she's a
little art studio right yeah well and
you know what that is something I like
about the stardew valley is your love
interests life does not stop at marriage
like they continue to do shit which is
important the one who is diminished most
by getting married to you and start a
valley is Peru oh yeah she's got a
bright future as a scientist I've had
ahead of her you're right she's stuck on
a farm she's not she's not going to a
university she's not in a lab curing
cancer
you ruined my ruse light on murrow's
life is so right I get it or barefoot
and pregnant and stuck in a goddamn farm
this great mind
you're so right great scientific mind
waste listen I'm not saying I would
choose myrrh but I've heard a good
argument for but now I have a
counter-argument which is you are
ruining murrow's life
Demetrius might be a prick when he tries
to see you away from his daughter but it
turns out he is absolutely correct she
can do better and he has better things
to do with your life
fucking oh my god I never thought about
that rich this is why you're the voice
of a generation
they're never in the big rocks right
anything good lots of rocks cuz rocks
are useful like your fences you get like
dozens upon dozens of rocks for breaking
the big one I have I don't think you get
any Scrolls rings right I have 2,000
rocks good I'm not worried about having
more rocks fucking rocks
I'm just looking for scrolls and the the
number one dwarf scroll can be anywhere
in the minds at all from 0 to 120 so I'm
just going through hitting rocks looking
for dwarf Scrolls hey from Maru you
either trap her on a horrible farm or
your successful farmer who has enough
money to bankroll her intellectual
pursuits when does she pursue them after
you get married at what point in the
game does that happen when does she
leave the farm to go to her job at the
science lab yep when does this happen
when does she go to university this you
know what would be cool like if she like
had to leave for a while and you had a
long-distance relationship because she
was out at university doing something
with her mind you know you know what she
gets what she gets to occasionally take
her around with stuff in a room and
wonder what could have been that's what
she gets you were you ruined Murray's
life if you chose Burroughs I mean like
and you know like I get it
here you know here it's the delusion of
love like you love her and you want to
be around her but maybe being around you
isn't what's best for her if you love
something set it free I get it like make
it make a decision what do you want more
try hoeing the dirt like the dirt
patches I think you can get stuff that
way these dirt patches yeah really
maybe Wow well there's no there's no
wormies
ah look at that you can get stuff all
right hey shit I don't know that I have
legitimately forgotten about that I
didn't know that that's great what they
say you learn something new every day
this is what I've learned new today
thanks chat I didn't know you can doll
with the dirt patches neat
oh my god it's 11 o'clock already no
fuck it we're staying up late tonight if
you guys heard of Harvest Moon yes I
love Harvest Moon well I love some of
the older Harvest Moon games I don't
think the series has been good and like
over a decade now uh yeah I don't know
if I've ever played any of the original
harvest money's like this but a little
bit more hectic cuz like I said the days
are like half the length oh yeah yeah I
know it's getting late
yeah fucking cave carrot
it's a wonderful life slash friends of
Mineral Town were the last good ones I'd
say just friends of Mineral Town I don't
I don't think it's a wonderful life was
very good
what was that out for its own a gamecube
and I think they had a really poorly
optimized PlayStation 2 version that ran
like crap oh sure sure it's a Wonderful
Life bored maybe farm was too small and
I'm like the way they would jump ahead
years I know I know I know
I know it's late ok well this changes
everything the ability to hope how dirt
changes everything
and then and then you get old and die
you do that I'd live that's the ending
of it's a wonderful life you get old and
die then you know give you some closure
it gives you an end again I'm ok with an
end game I'm gonna sell this stuff I'm
just gonna go straight to bed
hey level up farming ooh
iridium sprinkler there's back to nature
with Friends of Mineral Town it's just a
gba port of yeah I love back to nature
but it certainly wasn't the last the
last would have been Friends of Mineral
Town the port of back-to-nature
I think I think they added enough and
changed enough for friends Mineral Town
like the art style for one is 100%
different oh yeah yeah like what is the
earth Salim back to nature is like that
isometric pseudo-3d
oh top down yeah and then Friends of
Mineral Town is just straight up sprites
like this okay stop down it's fun when
it sprites like this oh yeah I got some
I got some things I had some crafting
things quality fertile Oh SAP and fish I
like that else did I get
oh I got iridium sprinklers iridium is
like I like that takes so much water is
24 adjacent tiles yeah yeah that's the
shit oh shit
so wait so that's the eight around it
and then the next row around it
yes that's amazing
iridium bars are very hardened are you
kidding I think I only have one or two
at this point you gotta you have to do a
deep run in the desert mine yeah yeah
that's that that's what I that's what I
like to have a ton of rocks for you say
from rocks for that because you build
the staircases to get down in that mind
quicker because you get more iridium in
the desert mind the lower you go the
desert mine has no bottom and you only
start seeing a lot of iridium from like
level 200 and down oh Jesus so the goal
is to get to level 200 as quickly as you
can
sure
what did you give me woman I was read
you can also buy iridium sprinklers from
crocus one this he sells them one day a
week
I forget which day it's there a lot
there totally worthless
I can't that sounds amazing yeah that
sounds like it would be super helpful
okay I got to put all this shit away now
chant which which day of the week does
crow bus sell the Iridium sprinklers so
I have forgotten by 1:00 on Fridays all
right
yeah see but look I had so many rocks
rich I I just like I just already made a
bunch of staircases because I had so
many rocks like I was like I'll just
make some staircases I don't use them
see you like that I want to get you down
like ten levels exactly see what you do
is you don't build this turkeys ahead of
time you just bring the rocks with you
and then you build the staircases on
site sure and that way you can have like
a hundred staircases yeah I still have a
like over two thousand rocks I'm gonna
be fine
yeah the ten thousand ten thousand
dollars on Friday according to the chat
okay kind of worth it totally worth it
have I been watching the World Series
well they've only had one game so far
but yes I I expect the Dodgers to to
wipe the floor with the Astros
not that I hate the astros you hate
these this is just what I expect to
happen
sure Karen's Karen's routing for Houston
okay me I don't really I don't really
have a pony in this race hmm but any any
team that has like a fucking winning
percentage over 700 they are good they
totally fucking earned at the Dodgers
okay yeah I don't you yeah you were
talking about that the last time yeah
all right I'm okay with you rooting for
the Dodgers it was 642 I know they
dropped a lot of games near the end did
they drop that many they went under
that's a shame well alright then I don't
give a shit you then you but I just
don't give a shit you really have
nothing I guess I'll go back in the
mines today
I'm assuming George Bush senior's been
too old to attend
I remember the White Sox played the
Astros oh no five had apparently George
Bush Senior was a Houston fan of course
he was attending some of the games he's
still he's still around didn't didn't W
own the frickin Rangers Texas Rangers
it's a bit very possible insane no I
want to pick up hey thank you you don't
like to go outside win it right cannot
it chicken
this chicken constantly gets caught in
this corner and then it's like then
you're not gonna fuckin eat get out yeah
I wouldn't expect Denny Bush to look
very good at this point
Danny Bush daddy daddy bush senior that
that's that makes a ton more sense no
he's very we live in a world but you
have to distinguish oh yeah I heard
Danny Bush and I was like who's Danny
Bush is he a baseball player was he a
baseball
what I heard Danny boy's daddy yeah I
get that now yeah I don't think there
was a Danny Bush in baseball that's well
that's why I was you can see why I was
confused by it all that's fine
anything's fine you're affirming I get
it that's where your brain is you don't
give a shit about baseball helmet it's
fine
I don't and you know even if I did I'm
farming began my coffee I have so much
yeah and having this stuff in the
greenhouse means it's just coffee
forever
yeah though like nowadays huh how many
days does it take for them to grow beans
not this have been like three right well
you know it's a little off cycle because
I just kept planting as I got them so
sure it's off but no no I'm coming up at
once yeah but it does not take long at
all
oh I have my ancient fruit wine really
should keep one wine going at a time
maybe two I have a few ancient fruits I
get two wines brewing cat Valiant
bloodshot says have you guys been to the
YouTube channel I hate everything it's
very much inspired by heirloom and you
guys are mentioned he rails against
superheroes memes unboxing videos and
many other topics I am just not familiar
with them but I wish them the best yeah
you know nothing you know I'm usually a
pretty positive person and so I don't
know if I would necessarily be into a
challenge just a it's everything rich do
you think athletes should be able to use
steroids and other performance enhancers
maybe my answer is actually maybe I
wonder if I want to I want to see a
serious study about the actual health
risk and if if properly managed steroid
use does not have long term risks I
might be ok with it and then you just
take out the issue of who's cheating is
that the victory was tainted I feel like
that is something that has been studied
and everyone just agrees that it's bad
for your body right I mean I I know
nothing about sports but I can only
imagine that
