Episode 201
Boo, Eh. (Death Road to Canada)
November 2, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYS1Rqx-neE
___________________________________________

I'm really weird here I'm gonna go happy
huh this is the laziest fucking costume
I remember I have ever done and I I once
literally went in a costume that said
this t-shirt is my costume
III handed with marker yep that is that
you have a very lazy costume you're
wearing your work clothes right what's
looking for something better here I
figure we got a we got a shit ton of
costumes I couldn't find anything good
that didn't have some kind of awkward
mask I couldn't breathe or see out of
yeah that would fit you know that's I'll
tell you what that's a the down side of
the sheet ghosts the upside is it's a
very cheap and simple costume and you
know like I'm not just a sheet ghost I
don't know if you guys can tell I'm a
fancy sheet ghost because you as you can
see I have a top hat in Montana monocle
so I'm a fancy sheet go so I'm spooky
but fancy the downside is it's very hard
to see out of these eye holes okay see
you know movel be really scary the end
of the stream you take the sheet off and
those like it's just a fucking
desiccated corpse on either yep hold the
whole time that's - and we're absolutely
not gonna surprise people with that we
just we're just too incapable right
pulling that off right that's what's
what's going on guys were worth I said
this everybody what did we want played
we wanted it Friday the 13th and
everyone said no Jack really what's it
know what Rosie's sick of it they want
some spoopy even though Friday the 13th
is about a spoopy everyone this is fine
I have downloaded death Road to Canada
everybody wants to see this game rich
out like our Twitter feed is is abuzz
with people wanting death Road to Canada
okay it didn't look like anything here's
here I looked at the video here's why
I'm guessing everyone suggested this
yeah some of our most popular streams
yeah have been what was that organ trail
sure
they also liked that other Oregon Trail
as Star Trek one which I forget the name
of although Ryan
Orion Trail yes and this looks like this
looks like uh Ryan trail mixed with a
twin stick shooter which is your jam
sure
so I'm guessing that's why we have all
these suggestions that could be death
road to Canada okay yeah yeah yeah you
got the most what you got the most under
bed sheets somewhere I can't see I got I
found it ooh spooky
Oh God
oh wow does had forever
is everyone deaf can you hear anything
else
a hair tool um turned down a smidge Jack
and you managed to smidge I can wait to
two-thirds of one barb
for that yeah try that how's that smidge
how's that smidge no see that's why by
the way everyone is making the joke that
I I know that they were gonna make which
is exactly why I wore a hat with this
because it's not a racist costume if you
wore a hat you can't just be a sheet
ghost rich because what if your head
gets pointy so that's why I have a
fanciful top hat on my head as you see
and a you know a monocle the canvas
cutting motion to top off well they can
still see it and it's and it's against
the back black black background well
that's that's just the thing that's
gonna happen but then again what Ku Klux
Klan member will be caught dead against
a black background
joke oh look we have Halloween costumes
that's adorable
no there's no trick-or-treating tonight
trick-or-treating was on Saturday so I
should not be out trick-or-treating with
my children or else my neighbors would
be very confused
my name is would my neighbors would
would not be happy with me if I went out
trick-or-treating tonight but we went
out on Saturday because that's when we
do it I'm down with that guys
SDC's Chenin who is a real dink yep that
is broken into my home this is probably
a fault certainly isn't mine look I grew
from this zombie bunker Channing called
dibs on this big bedroom before anyone
else what do we do leave him be for now
tell him to cool it you know call him a
dink or convince him to help fight
zombies well obviously you call him a
dink call him a dink st he calls
Channing a pinky Shannon is shocked it's
fun to finally tell him what a dink he
was yes it's true my morale is increased
yes and someone else's morale is
increased boom see you did it you did a
great job got to tell people when
they're Dinks
this looks just like Helldivers yes you
know itself you know what's up medkit
great that's great rich the Halloween
costumes cute touch yeah we need that
for Halloween
yep why didn't that other dink kill him
st greets Christopher I think we'll have
to leave the safe house at least we got
through to rest for a while all denied I
think as we know is that what happened
he's dressing at night oh my good rich
is really hard for me to see in this
costume I know I know we will have to
leave with this safe house at least we
barely got to rest for Yonder wild we
should try sallying forth 12 Canada
would you like me to travel to follow
you on your travels good sir uh yeah we
could always use another party member
and he's a knight he's probably a sword
shit do it take him first
is this mr. blinken cannon expanded
universe no no this is just riches oh my
gosh this is riches last minute
Halloween costume we didn't even think
about wearing costumes until after I got
here and then I had to run home and get
my fur costume my very my very expensive
costume I get the feeling that that hat
on deck is specifically to avoid
anything and making cake engage exactly
that's the whole point that's why I have
the fancy hat and the monocle I'm a
fancy ghost you see and also that
offered me the opportunity when I went
out trick-or-treating to have a wine
glass full of wine well it's full of red
beer but you know then I could have a
little glass what's important with any
Halloween costume is to have some sort
is to incorporate some sort of beverage
that way you can drink while walking
around the neighborhood looking candy
you killing them oh did you lose some
party fine
zombies don't drop loot there is no
advantage to killing them
okay there's what they are saying
boy find a girl oh that would have been
a good idea tard Cory if I had a green
sheet on then I could have been the
Invisible Man oh my god I'm an idiot
it's a good idea I'm an idiot here play
this game why because where is it rich
we going rich now or the ghost is
playing how do you play this game every
different character
okay so hey everybody I'm playing now
character
he's got like a pokey
yeah more like a pokey
watch out for the huge storms running
often beats fighting okay
what
Allen hears rumors that Canada is a safe
place free of the threat of zombies with
nothing to gain from waiting around
Florida he decides to brave the depth
road and travel north characters can't
have personality traits that give them
more options in events hit the road
oh my gourd I see what's happening here
I don't know if this will work you're
gonna be a floating head no that doesn't
work at all hold on that literally
doesn't work at all the way way way way
we got it we just have to debt this up
first of all that doesn't work at all at
all but we just got to do some
adjustments hold on everybody we have to
we have to make Rich's costume I'm gonna
I'm gonna ghost it up for a second here
right
Oh
what
Oh most hold on there we go
how's that that's good enough it's gonna
be good enough for today
look at that now you're a floating head
I have to cover the chair - all right
here we go there you go that's perfect
that's perfect good all right boom and
loading edge so needs a mic well that's
you know obviously okay to start the
journey of the group decides to grab
some supplies from a nearby location in
order to survive death Road you'll need
a to horde as many supplies as you can
so do we want the house on the road the
client factory or the rest stop I'm
gonna say the quiet factory quiet
factory yep the group finds a rundown
Factory
like most factories one would see
nowadays sometimes people try to set up
a safe hideout in the factory side
closet but this usually doesn't end well
your zombie forecast is swarm sighs
sparse okay aggression sluggish okay
current time late morning Evans not bad
we fucked up anything oh it's fine I
think so yeah it's fuzz this is fun oh
is that the background of the game I was
a background in the game just felt was
static yeah I thought that was
green-screen bleed through have you
watched more of stranger things I have
not so I've got lots more experience of
things unfortunately ah whatever never
was costume that was just
but ahead of thing what thing weapon
when you broken
great properties from a German there
might be durability okay
what's up with this music alright sex is
what's up with it it does it kind of
does suck seams where the weapons Reach
is fairly important yeah
Oh got some gas
nice okay can you start holding I have
to sneeze but I'm a headless head
I'm a bodyless head weird on hands which
with to cover up you start with low
stance and tire to swinging too much
okay that's all is that the weapon
heavier weapons do more damage but tire
more avoid fighting okay we got food yes
some stuff I'm getting some some pills
we need clean name these characters huh
check we name the people in our group
nothin my rebar
oh shit I forgot it there was custom
characters but Dec didn't take that
option I wasn't I just started the game
oh no no no we can restart yes
Jona restart yeah be fun name people
leopard-print in chat Oh we'll get new
people yep well get any people's gonna
say I'm probably gonna die anyway listen
you won't you work on time that we can
turn the music down
yep after a long drive the group finds a
safe place to camp the night passes with
no incidents the group eats a decent
meal you lost some food but it really
you lose it we used it right it's nice
having the whole road to yourself the
group spots an infested city from the
road scouting it from afar the group has
to decide whether to fight under the
noon Sun for supplies ah the restaurant
or the umbrella shop at this ghost
headless headless a food restaurant
bodyless head
I say restaurant right Fant fancy ghost
I thought this was a restaurant you have
to walk to the restroom things work
why this music sucks cuz they wanted to
make something that's sucked
that's me that's me
usually isn't actually pretty good I
personally don't care for it it's not my
gym
and now this isn't like a serious spooky
game that doesn't mean music is gone
well the music doesn't meet me okay well
yeah this is just
okay there there's the right truck I see
the restaurant you'll see if there's any
where's that bets up children
garbage
is that get out of here
dang zombies
and I second hit people with a spine
it's great rich I'm loving it I'm loving
it see it you are super into it
mildly into it and 25% of it maybe maybe
15 we'll see ya played zombies ate our
neighbors have loved that game the
neighbors
nice okay that was pretty that was
pretty good haul thing
cheapo lore says a chip oat lore sorry
says jak any spooky movie
recommendations for tonight
not just any horror movie a spooky movie
to get in the Halloween spirit you know
what I really if you're in the mood for
some a little lighter
I recently re-watched that Coraline
movie yeah that's the animated one
stop-motion animation by the same
director who did Nightmare Before
Christmas yeah
and it's that one is genuinely creepy
but that's more of it it's like a kid to
go Coraline yeah horrible another creepy
ones too I mean that's creepy though
yeah they did parent it's the same
company did ParaNorman and I may be
Monster House to I forget but that was a
that was a good one trick R treat the
Bryan Singer horror anthology I think is
pretty spooky and in the in the spirit I
don't want to talk about it we just
watched oh no that's too spooky they
can't handle that yeah now that's that's
too spooky they can't handle that yet
and if you want something not
necessarily Halloween related but just
creepy in general watching The Velvet if
you haven't seen that yet the witch is a
great creepy horror movie so
but you know what you got here we got
lots about lower the music it's hard to
hear us okay any excuse to lower the
music it'll be fun it'll be lowered for
them but not necessarily oh no it's
louder now oh my god hey there the music
is lowered and we can just turn my TV's
volume down alright now it should be low
for you guys one good eye here hold on
yeah I just got one good okay great now
we're doing good you want me to play it
yeah yeah for now if you can cuz you're
you don't have oh my god a hand appeared
oh that's so scary a hand just above my
way
a scary hand away if you like The
Shining you should like the verbage yeah
the the witch's ax is a nice like oh you
know it's it's set in that that in salem
witch trial times it's got a creepy
overall tone to it it has a witch
there's there some decent like horror
imagery near the end and that that one's
that one's really fun I I think if
you're looking just to get into the
Halloween spirit what happened has it I
ran from pendants and you killed Antoine
I didn't kill her the pendants did rich
who are you talking to Alan there's no
one else in the car you're talking to
yourself
so that's really good but if you're
looking for something like Halloweeny ah
then watch trick R treat that that one
that's a fun horror anthology that trick
R treat that on that'll be good times I
kind of know restart and find out how we
can name people okay do it okay that's
high okay I don't care I genuinely think
the footage would have been better if it
did not show the witch at all custom
characters alright I disagree I think I
think the the showing of the which
helped to highlight the monster as
metaphor for the witch I'm not going to
get into too much spoilers because the
which does show rather early in the
lovage but you know the entire movie is
about this young girl's family who think
that the young girl is the witch yeah
right but we know that the young girls
not the witch because we've seen the
vich okay and so you know it's it's all
just a giant metaphor for you know a
young girl growing up and the pressures
that are put on her and you know the the
stigmas that are put on young girls what
keyboard we need to take no okay
I can't hold on when they're Ellen I'm
going to click away for a second I've
asked for the music to be even lower
Leslie they want some game noise let's
find the music slider in the game I'll
turn down the music in the games you
leave it there ok
oh this is the first music it sure is
okay let's what's the no yeah
go back
ah give me zip zero
surely we don't need the witch for that
well yeah we we need to you know for us
as the audience the the young girl is
kind of our I into the story and so like
we don't want to spend time questioning
whether or not she is the which we we
need to be on her side and so showing
that there really was a witch and of
course then we get some fun some fun
scenes with the witch all right yeah
sorry I'm your floating head you're
loading head you are not a help to
anyone anything that's great chattering
lottery okay our first one will be subs
only subs only ready and it's Skippy
Brown congratulations Skippy Brown
Skippy Brown you will be joining the
death Road it's a Canada again I was
telling you that has co-op play oh great
yeah are you in the mood or do you want
to just talk I'll just talk a little bit
Skippy Brown rich no I have you have the
son of a bitch I can't see the Keebler
cousin my stupid skinny brown okay it's
neat how in-depth it looks like their
character crater is that kind of like
that Dave oh is it take from like a pool
let's just make a few people go to
another character can we change another
there we go
and this one is going to be yeah I had
this one we're gonna take from everybody
everybody who's watching and it's Darth
Steve ur star Steve
Darth Stephen estar Stephen us there
Stephen us okay all right and we're here
shit what happened no no that's no
that's Kippy didn't I save that one are
you saving over that one that'll be fine
nope what is happening
hey you're not selected on the name what
apparently if you had space it takes you
back here oh okay no space I'm sorry I'd
help you but I'm just a head I'm just a
floating head right there's nothing I
could do I'm with you let's get them all
Oh God
let's go let's go like six of them okay
no problem
okay and egads Johnson you want my diet
plan you need a sheep you need a green
sheet yeah and some digital magic
you get Johnson oh wait oh fuck we got
to do that first yeah yeah great save
Oh a beard that's a the beards nice
beard e beard the beard is nice I like
that okay and we got farfalle for Fowley
farfalle you get the beard okay our
Fowley great and then i'll see here
random random random random like that
helmet okay
I've were just we're randomly picking
people we're using the Twitter to
randomly choose people from the chat
we have fecal drippings fecal drippings
yeah yeah I know all right one more one
more here we go who's gonna be those are
gonna be yeah that guy looks good it
looks Hannah he looks like Hannibal
Lecter this is being for maximum
fairness these names are being
mechanically selected yep Michael Van
drill for maximum ferret ood crypt of
the necrodancer tonight that's a hard
one to play in stream crypt of the
necrodancer
it's true that is a very hard one to
stream hi there we go old on let me get
back over here that is uh that's a very
heart you really have to concentrate
yes playing that game if if you've never
played that game you you really have to
concentrate all right heads up
all right and is there a way to
guarantee this thing uses your saved
characters
wait wait wait wait wait go back back
back go to the options menu or I can
just just I got it I got you got it I'm
just looking for an option for no I
don't see it I think it just takes a
randomly man I think it's I don't know
if it's for like when you're starting
guy but we got him we got him in there
now
oh it says familiar faces mode Oh
where's that where's that options yes
return to the screen
wait where does it say that Oh a new
game select it's in game mode not
options okay start game mode okay there
we go
most Road recruits you meet are now
familiar characters great boom start
great rich we did it we did it
Alan hears rumors it Canada is a safe
place free of the threat of zombies
we've kind of read this before yeah I'm
good
great hit the road let's see here
gobbledygook says Jack are you dead mr.
peanut the ghost of Uncle Scrooge
or an undead mr. monopoly also rich
thanks for giving us a little head this
holidays little head cuz you're just
ahead you get it you get it like a very
big head I like that I like that I'm the
death of the monopoly man I've led a
horrible life and now I'm cursed to
haunt the earth I shouldn't have been so
obsessed with material things I say here
Chris Kaelin says help I have no idea
where Chatwin and I have been gone a
long time also today's my birthday
Halloween is my birthday go well happy
birthday Halloween that's fun Halloween
remember you don't asserted get anything
for killing zombies except for them not
you know not to fuck around with zombies
they should they should know yep it's a
floating head and a ghost because it's a
spooky stream it's a spooky Halloween
stream we're super spooky you can tell
that I'm wearing a hat and everything so
I can't you can't the game is dark well
I'm wearing a hat you know what at very
least I don't have a pointy head no
matter what I just watched trick or
treat tonight for the first time now has
this anthology not had a sequel yet I
don't think it performed very well
that's party well you know usually a
movie has to be profitable in order for
them to make a sequel to it I don't know
if it was I don't even know if it was
out in theaters trick or treat
I didn't hear about it until recently I
don't feel like I found enough but oh
well
oh well is it is what it is I think it
did really well on video well I think
that's a Halloween classic at this point
trick R treat reefer K yeah the young
ones went trick-or-treating yesterday or
not yesterday Saturday we went trick we
had trick-or-treating on Saturday so
today is just Tuesday that's all today
is gross just a normal Tuesday I'm sorry
that's alright we did we we played a
little game before I came over tonight
we played more of that underlings of
underwing that dragon hatching game it's
adorable
when your sister comes to visit I'm
gonna bring it if she wants to play more
games did she play board games my sister
probably okay she ever be okay with a
lot of things I don't know okay she's a
fan of the Japanese role-playing games
okay
she'd probably be down with Final
Fantasy oh yeah well but but like would
she be down with playing a game and
talking I think that's a lot to ask for
a person who's never streamed before
thing should be okay okay
I believe she's invited I believe it's
it's already in the works I'm gonna
bring so I'm gonna bring some options
just in case cuz that you know I know
streaming and playing a game is not
always easy for people and so you know
we're gonna bring out we're gonna bring
out some board games like it sorry
like underlings of underwing which is a
dragon hatching game losing a lot of
morale I think that just happens
well tell a joke or something man get
him back on your side alright so I can't
walk through the trash zombies there
where's Jack Jack died and you are now
being haunted by the ghost of Jack
where's my gun press it did a whatever
thank so what happens if you move the
other stick bullets I know I do
apparently I don't have a gun even
though I have a gun
oh and I picked about me oh and she's
hitting people where they're not
shooting it dumbass put that my gun
shoot it well once you get back in the
car you can like maybe make her give it
to you thanks oh my gosh uses it as a
fire melee weapon that's great I think
you have all the bullets no wonder our
morale is so low get back in the car
what are you doing
going the wrong way apparently loot all
the things sure when are you playing
cymbal we'd Park you hacks it'll be a
while
it took us a while to get to space quest
to man simple weeds of love full blowing
point-and-click is their voice accent in
thimble whedon because that's kind of
our stick when we play those kind of
games we like to do the voices alright
useful things show up right as a glow
yeah okay crusher of city says you can
swap characters and equipment between
characters in the menu you don't have to
go back to the car you should check all
the houses I guess I just off characters
no cuz she doesn't have any bullets you
have the bullets don't think yeah see
you have 67 bullets oh she has no
bullets I gotta figure out how to shoot
people though a piece of wood oh is it
target oh oh in thimble wheat apparently
you can turn off the voices so then then
then it gets a may because like the
voice acting is part of what makes it
fun for us how we could pass this
garbage you can't I don't think can you
hit it can you hit the garbage with
something no I only have a gun right now
I need another melee weapon what
happened to your bet he gave it to
answer med so she would have something
after I took the gun she had oh sure
true dad
I just don't think you can get past that
garbage I think that's part of the
random generation but there's a glow
thing for going on this room no maybe
you need it for an aide or something you
can't open the other door
what other door there's a door above
that door we just went around up a
garbage but I couldn't get through no no
no go out now go up into the left no
down yeah I couldn't get in there it's
garbage
look oh I thought you were in the bottom
door listen but they're both the same
things going out of both that's weird
yes that's weird okay Turner Wilkinson
and says gloat just means you haven't
been in there or opened something okay
it doesn't necessarily mean there's loot
great thanks guys hey guys says Zoo TV
you can appreciate good movies as a
source of entertainment but has there
has there been any universally
agreed-upon bad games you still like
basically what's your Tammy and the
t-rex of gaming any bad games that you
like probably right like that's a it's
hard to think of wait did you just break
a chair and then get a piece of wood oh
that's fun that's cute
I like that
that's that's tough to think about
actually like because yeah generally if
a game is bad like there are there have
been games were aspects of it I didn't
enjoy but I kept playing because other
aspects I did enjoy right it was a very
recent example I can think what I don't
I don't want to spoil anything okay
before we we have a chance to talk about
it but that's considered to be a good
game yeah there are aspects I'm going
into it well sure there are aspects I
don't enjoy about it is what I'm saying
that's the question I know rich like
mighty number 9 I didn't hate it
unlike everyone else I found it had some
good aspects to it I still don't like it
that much
oh there you go a black mark has a good
like pub G for me I played a lot of pub
G and I never liked playing it but I
always wanted to like it pub G is my I
think I'm looking for the game that most
people say is bad
oh sure but you like it despite that
it's what they're looking for I don't
have that then I'm sorry start the car
this gives cute yep
I don't know that's gonna hold my
interest for long right but it's cute
sure
did you ever egg or toilet paper any
houses when you were younger did you
ever vandalized stuff on Halloween now I
did so I did some stuff I did some stuff
in my younger days yeah
from from the country we moved into what
happened Alice sands garden for the
night he falls asleep almost instantly
the next morning a bunch of supplies are
missing Oh Oh bitch that was painful
yeah so we moved from Helen you suck
well it up where was the into an enter
in that you're ambushed by a giant
spider well Ellen I don't trust you to
do anything anymore Antoinette's gonna
smoosh the spider great morale decreases
yeah buddy get five food spider meat
that's not in case we moved from the
country into the suburbs and and I ran
in III started running with some
hooligans and so we we would TP people's
houses yeah I don't think we ever egged
anyone we did try a couple flaming bags
of dog poop you know that old trick
where you light you light a bag of dog
poop on fire on someone's porch and then
they're supposed to stomp it out and get
dog poop on their shoes but here is the
problem nobody fell for it right and so
they would just let it burn out and like
scoop it up like not getting dog poop on
shoes so I was always like I was a
little disappointed by that a little
more innocently in high school me and a
group of friends on several occasions
would would would go and find furniture
on the side of the road you know like
couches and chairs and
and tables and stuff and if we could
find enough pieces we would actually go
around pick all of them up in like
someone's pickup truck and leave them on
a friend's lon
but arrange them as if it was a real
living room and so we'd go to a friend's
house and like put a couch a coffee
table a chair like an old busted TV on a
TV stand and arrange on their front yard
to look like a living room just as a
joke didn't rain on the furniture no
this is furniture that was left out for
the garbage we would pick it up and
arrange it and we would laugh and laugh
but parents got real pissed and they
knew it was us like it wasn't you know
and we'd come and clean it up like a day
or two later but parents did not like
that I thought it was an innocent trick
yeah the other thing I used to do with
my group of friends at high school prank
wise is we would spam each other
the idea of spamming is finding the most
ridiculous thing you can at the grocery
store ie a canister of spam and hide it
somewhere in your friend's room and wait
for them to find it and so you know
you'd find like pickled pig's feet or
spotted dick or you know stuff like like
the weird stuff that you find in the
grocery store that you don't know why is
there right sure exactly yeah exactly
and then you hide it somewhere at your
friend's house and wait for them to find
it and then they have to find the next
thing and hide it in your house okay you
think I think we're getting rid of
violence I got my gun though Bunny's a
jerk
he's has your gun can you take the gun
before you kick him out maybe leave
someone well
whoa it's egad Johnson it's nice to see
a familiar face he is staring at a map
with an expression of total confusion
trait frantic whiner perc surgeon oh
yeah you want him all right all right
the city is covered with hordes of
undead and wreckage that has been
touched by previous fire the group gets
surrounded and their only chance is
sprinting through the sewers oh shit I
should hunting time late-night I mean
you got any kind of guts to yeah we just
keep driving through Dallin let's see
here Joe kitty double O once as hey guys
thanks for doing something you'd be this
month if you didn't you would have to
you would have had a first foot up on
you forever
or until you played harvester on GOG
originally this month yeah I want to do
this whole thing with
Polybius yeah and well you are familiar
with Polybius because we talked about
him which talked about Polybius we
should app Livius is an old urban legend
a game that was supposedly in arcades
back in the 80s and you know men and men
in black would be attending the machines
and it's played the machines that weird
things what happened to their mind
they'd forget things they'd get angry at
a personality would change this whole
this whole thing and like bunch of
people started doing a video on it
recently yeah we can't do it now that
was the problem is like you showed me
someone made like a little mini
documentary about polybius and they're
like hey maybe we could do something
like where we where we go under the
influence of polybius but like the
documentary clearly debunks the
existence of Alypius and so like I was
an intern just because I was like the
the one thing you showed me about it
confirms that it doesn't exist doesn't
matter you really feel matters the angry
video game just did just did it yeah and
the person who did that video you're
talking about I want to say the YouTube
channel is called ahoy uh-huh but I'm
not 100% sure in any case it's a very
good video about polybius that actually
tries to get to the truth yeah yeah I
agree and we're gonna know it seems like
a bad place to be
yeah gather Jackie's sheet faced ha
that's funny that's a good one guys you
did it
Allen Randers go game man
zombie pointer and use ZP to unlock
traits perks and more in the title
screen you're saying retro Ajo is fuckin
great
well great group camps out in a pro shop
you're a golf course
Antoinette looks out the window and sees
a large group of zombies approaching
from the driving range shoot golf balls
at the zombies prepare for siege drive
away with no loops no sleep shoot golf
balls at zombies even playing too much
golf story I know I don't know we're
both hurt oh shit you should have
stretched first
oh my god Antoinette is killed oh shit
oh well yeah Johnson treats all of his
wounds though so you know we got that
girl flowers why is gothic farm glowing
very dangerous dangerous egad Johnson's
he's a farm swarm by an angry horde yeah
to old-fashioned farmers run into their
house they could still be saved
zombie forecast is very thick aggression
mega cheese current time near sunset
they are not happy
oh hey look you're gonna have a gun
you're gonna need that gun was that
selected no now go over to your carry
slot and now is the app boom
what's up for me you have four of them
yep now you have three of them Jack
trigger Joyce I have not been keeping up
with the CW DC shows I have not there's
been there's been actually good things
to watch recently so I have not been
keeping up with my CW shows I've been
keeping up with Dirk Gently season two I
show I enjoy generally speaking I tried
to I've been trying to watch I'm not oh
gee oh Jesus where's your gun I'm dead I
think I'm pretty sure I'm dead you died
you died dang it and yeah I think I'm
done okay that answers your question of
is is worth ten dollars there you go
Flo at the Florida computer and
front-loading feet of Rama
I've been tried been really trying to
like give a decent chance to Inhumans
because like I in general like Marvel
yeah but holy
Christ is that show unbearable it's just
the worst and it does not seem to be
interested in getting any better
Jagga still not finished stranger things
season two so we will not be talking
about in fact I haven't gotten any
further um what was that was that yes
that was that was yesterday on Monday I
was I was all I was all ready to watch
some strange of things when the wife
comes in the office and says hey if we
leave right now we can go watch Blade
Runner yeah that was like fuck yes so we
went and saw Blade Runner 2049 instead
of watching straight instead of watching
three episodes of stranger things we
will have the new Blade Runner because
it's fucking 18 hours long alright so
what's the last tip you read Wow how
about that okay
did you read the one about you being the
ghost of mr. peanut yep yep I sure did I
read the one about playing harvester on
GOG yep
okay Groundhog Day nope huge asses
thanks for the spooky streaming yes
always a fun time
speaking of spooky spooky stuff yeah
what movie had an unintentional horror
element for you to me it's absolutely
Groundhog Day the premise used to freak
me out I don't I don't think that's
unintentional I think Groundhog Day just
has darker elements to it Bill Murray
really wanted to make that movie dark
yeah the movie had unintentional horror
that's it you know what that's a really
good question
sextet wah wah wah starring Mae West oh
you know what it did what was it for me
as a kid
fucking the neverending story yeah when
you get to the wolf and a tray you dying
in the mud
and if the world starts crumbling and
falling apart oh jesus H Christmas that
that would that freak the fuck out of me
do you like the ability to pick stuff up
crusher of cities says holy cow my
friends and I you see the same thing
with my truck I'm big trash day love for
game choice tonight sure I just tip bits
but I'm legit that happy too legit too
legit to quit something hey that's
that's why we you know bits were kind of
forced upon us we don't really get a
choice on whether or not bits were
enabled but you know if that's what
people like to tip with we're not gonna
stop you what did you think of I fucking
loved Blade Runner and here's what I can
say with certainty rich yeah I think you
would like it I might know Jay likes it
I Jay felt the same way I did about the
original right I fuckin loved it I
thought it was I thought it was
beautiful and wonderful to me that way
it was a near-perfect movie not not a
perfect movie as I think it easily could
have shaved like 10 minutes off the
runtime and I would have been really
happy with it just 10 huh
right yeah yeah cuz you know obviously
that's a tough call
in the run time you want it you want to
have the right mood and atmosphere but
yeah it felt long it felt a just a hair
too long not not aggressively long but
just a hair too long
check the only way J could be wrong
about his opinion of Blade Runner is if
his opinion of Blade Runner wasn't what
he says it was it's an opinion yeah
agreed
and but here's what I'll say here's what
I think I here's why I think you would
like it yeah as compared to the original
Blade Runner Blade Runner 2049 story the
story of Blade Runner 2049 moves ok it
has a really nice drive to it and and
you understand I'm not fully avoiding it
I plan to see it when it's on video but
yeah I have no one to go to see it a
theater with my god other should I need
to do if you can if you if you have the
opportunity see it in the theater
because the sound design is wonderful
mm-hmm and then you know with this
surrounds or like I don't know if you
have like nice headphones at home but
like this the surround sound was whoever
like I I could I could gush but I don't
want to because um spoilers and stuff
but I could gush I've really enjoyed it
in the morning there's a moose outside
the camp it looks injured and it is just
glaring at the group even injured a
moose is really powerful creature
probably best not to mess with it now
Karen is not going to want to watch the
WaveRunner Karen has trouble staying
awake for normal-sized movies she is a
she habitually falls asleep in movie
theaters even if it's something she
really wants to see she will fall asleep
in the movie theater
nice nice there's a supply crepe but if
a dog poop on the handle and so the
question was do you open it even though
it has dog poop on the handle
she likes the philip k dick book though
right yes but she has expressed no
interest in going to see the movie even
when I told her it was a thing that
exists that is in the theaters
she likes the book Karen's a reader
Karen's a reader yeah some people just
start movie people and that's okay
everybody you know what other book she
loved it huh Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy you know what she did we want to
see the movie she fell asleep in the
theater okay well then there you go
let's rest what she wants to see this it
I just have no interest in it she wants
to see it yeah then you might need just
a little compromising like okay we'll
see it but then you got to see Blade
Runner with me weedwacker
play better you needed to be experienced
in the theater you sound like such a
pretentious talk when you say that right
yeah not you know he's your well it's
like and I want to agree with that
person in that it I I think it's it's
one of those theater experiences because
of the surround sound you're gonna
you're gonna have a better time in the
theater Oh God
but equally if you have a nice pair of
headphones with surround sound
capabilities but I think sound design
shouldn't be ignored when it comes to
Blade Runner but just as a movie going
experience alone it's it's filled with
all the things I love in movies it's the
only way to experience the feeling ton a
ton of great visual metaphors what a
what a night what a nice film that Blade
Runner is and and you know just another
weird example of a of a like a modern
sequel to an older movie that that
actually pulled it off you know to me
this is this is up there in the Mad Max
fury road category of I can't believe
this is a good thing because usually
they're garbage
flying fun that's cool I'm sorry I was a
bit that was a big dickish of it that
was a bit bigger for me and I formally
apologize Blade Runner fans could be so
obnoxious about it yeah and you know we
guys we got to be cool we got to be cool
about it you know it's okay for didn't
like your result
I lost something
what's villain villain fu how do you say
his name oh I have no idea what's his
next project there won't be one because
apparently it's late run it play Blade
Runner did not fare well I bet it's
gonna clean up at the the technical
Oscars like sound design sound editing
blah blah like it's gonna clean up at
those Oscars it's probably even gonna
get nominated for a couple that poor
that poor dude
but you know a rival didn't do great in
the theaters and now the new Blade
Runner hasn't done great in the theaters
but damn does he make some good movies
you haven't seen a rival yet either no I
know I need to see that if you like
you're gonna be a fan of this guy can I
rest
oh you just need health supplies
everyone else is dead huh yeah alright I
had health supplies
oh no I dropped them cuz my character
got killed
is it Raider game yeah
it's hard sci-fi just not profitable
anymore
not really Star Trek wasn't the hardest
science-fiction of all time and look
what they've done to that that I'm gonna
make a mole palatable to a mainstream
audience and this is this is what
happens when the cost of making media
goes up you know no they need to make
the money back yeah oh yeah yeah
basically this this director whatever
his name is villainville ooh is gonna
get a sweet netflix deal after this
because people you know he's very
critically successful
not necessarily box-office wise so
something like the expanse so something
like well no I think the expanse is
doing very well for sci-fi I said like
the expense oh yeah we doing a TV show
that science fiction demon exactly but
not like stranger things wouldn't
necessarily reach a wide audience
outside of Netflix but because Netflix
is what they are they're okay catering
to the niche market stranger things
would need some serious fucking editing
to even work on a theater you need to
cut out entire characters and subplots
to get rid of the teenagers I'm sorry
oh yeah like they would like it if you
were to smoosh that down into a movie
you know a couple episodes into a movie
or even have that on like regular
television they would they would pick at
it so much
what what can't get rid of Steve look I
love Steven season 2 you can easily get
rid of Steve yep but he's great in
season 2 Hey fecal drippings heard
people are pooping on ready player one
already
just just reading the Wikipedia page
about the book it sounds like a fucking
reference mess it's gonna be a nightmare
it sounds like there's no value to it
other than reference reference reference
reference yes and I have a hard time
imagining being a legitimately good
movie yes I agree with you
which book ready player one is what
we're talking about at the moment yeah
that just from the excerpts I've read
online it sounds unbearable remember
that thing is that thing you remember
thing
crocodile brain says ie you're playing
my request here's ten bucks on me can't
watch the stream because kids are still
up
thanks again can't wait to watch the
replay unless you're still a broadcast
down later let's see so what's what's
the plan for tomorrow I thought this was
replacing tomorrow okay
I just wanted to confirm that that's
what goes happen you know that doesn't
have to happen well I guess we'll see
how late we go tonight I'm I think I'm
starting to feel a cold coming on I
think I'm okay with preemptively not
streaming tomorrow okay I got I got that
back of the throat soreness coming on oh
shit oh shit man yeah we still have Oh
we have other stuff to to record today
or not today this week I'd like to
probably over a decade
I like the I actually really people
criticized it for going down the magic
route but I like the first part of j ms
a--'s ron as a writer was a job jake j m
Straczynski okay John is a John Michael
or something Michael Jan Michael no yeah
might be Jan Michael sister in ski
sounds am Straczynski though okay I like
the first half of his run then when he
started doing Gwen Stacy's goblin babies
uh-huh that's when he lost me took a
sharp dive for me after that
ah Gwen Stacy's goblin babies that's
great fix my the Babylon 5 guy also did
the Ghostbusters cartoon the first
season oh yeah yeah oh why the first
season - that is really good there was a
cure for being a nerd would you take it
when you're what you're what you're
saying is would you like to not be you
I'm fine with being me yeah yeah I kind
of like me being me sometimes and when I
don't like being me I just change what
I'm doing that's quiet hotel
flashlights with us here we go scuse me
excuse me uh where's the NGO Michael
we're talking about spider-man ones I
promise I last an avid reader uh yeah of
the books yeah yeah so I guess that's
mid to somewhat early two-thousands
I don't know okay yeah you know comics
comics are tough man they're tough to be
into they're tough to stay in - when did
to wonder altima the spider-man that's a
good question
that's a tough question they started to
get I'm still reading it for a little
while but they started to get bad when
they did their Clone Saga yep it just
reinforces the notion that spider-man
should never do Clone Saga oh my god
never ever ever which have you read the
very early spider-man comics yes and I
love them in a young 15 year old rich
Evans loved reading those old classic
stories about a young 15 year old Peter
Parker I also loved when a guy who wrote
marbles Alex what's his name what's his
name he did it
no he's the writer I can't like his name
yesterday after Kurt Kurt music let's
make you see better now you pronounce
his last name but he did untold tales of
spider-man which the continuity of
untold tales Byron takes place like in
between the classic Stan Lee and Steve
Ditko spider-man issues oh yeah like
there'll be an Asterix like what issue
would takes place between haha this
story takes place between issues 4 & 5
of the amazing spider-man yeah yeah
those were great I'm failing
did I ever read spider-man 2099 or any
of the 2099 series I like spider-man
2099 at first and I I don't I don't know
just it didn't find a focus direction
which is going in circles and then I
lost interest
hmm you know I'm still trying to
remember when the clones started in
ultimate spider-man that was that was
early that was way earlier than you
would think I was like 30 or 40 40 I
would say 40 50s now yeah
and that's that's where I kind of fell
off of those yeah Clone Saga and and
Gwen Stacy became carnage or maybe
courage became gwen stacy it wasn't
clear and I think carnage became him
Stacy that's what it was yeah and I
stayed for all all 100 of the gun I
stayed for all 100 issues of their run
together the the shit
Cubert not Qbert Mark Bagley and Bendis
Brian Bendis Bendis the entire Bendis
Bagley run I read all of ya
not necessarily cuz I wanted to but I
think like I made it to like issue 60 or
something and then they had mentioned
that this you know they were good they
were gonna do a long run and this is
gonna be a long yeah but whenever I talk
about ultimate spider and that's also
what I am referring to I have not read
any of the the current ultimate
spider-man Miles Morales sure I've not
read any of that so oh and I've read a
few issues of that I think it's alright
no it didn't catch me
didn't catch me like like ogee ultimate
spider-man but Brian Brian Venice's
mistake with ultimate spider-man
you know the Peter Parker version was
just too too many story arcs were the
worst thing the most dramatic worst
thing that ever happened and it got it
got exhausting to read yeah yeah you got
fatigued in real fast stop being fun it
became a horror story yeah all of the
time 100% misery all the time by the way
you're absolutely true that's that's
absolutely correct you just you just
felt bad for everyone who lived in this
world take a break now bring it down a
notch cut off this story our Peter
Parker he looks for the bank robbers
like to you your remember those first
couple of issues he would hang out with
Wolverine and just have a fun time we do
that again can he just go on an
adventure with Wolverine we're over it
like do you remember that issue that was
yeah yeah when they switch bodies
yeah they switch but or no no he kept
finds him unconscious I thought the
other brain swapped
issue maybe I was later he finds him
unconscious and like rescues him and
saves him and then like he follows
around Wolverine going for the city and
like Wolverine goes to visit like like
Black Widow and Peter Parker who's the
teenager sees like a woman for the first
time he's like what you know some
attractive ladies I love it well do they
switch bodies was a Wolverine in his
body like coming on like oh is that Mary
Jane and Stacy they swear they did that
oh it's been so it's been for fucking
ever
but you know what I guess the point of
it is they were having some fun in the
beginning issues of ultimate spider-man
they were having some fun with it
hexxus prime sense practice prime
sending you guys gifts from Singapore
okay any Asian snacks or food you like
also sending Duran flavored stuff hope
you guys try eating that on stream or
best of the worst that we've gotten
we've gotten like Asian snacks before
and I don't eat them because I can't
read the ingredients usually and I have
lots of allergy issues that I have to
worry about oh yeah yeah announcer
seafood or something it'll-it'll mess me
up
low-key be 85s as high Wreckers I really
like seeing the gem of war footage on
the print kettle optics we love seeing
more that really works out the four
thumbs maybe just review retrospective
about uh we'll see we'll see
yep we have a gun no check HUD check
your inventory right not really that was
Dori I don't know that we're especially
eager for the ship we did in high school
getting up there just garbage if it was
good it would be out already
I don't have an EpiPen because my
allergies has not been deathly but but
they could be they might be getting
worse as I age that happens it's
possible skin of my teeth made it up by
the skin of my fucking teeth my it all
into movies that aren't sci-fi or
fantasy I'm sure like Madison John Rowe
that that I obsess over like the drama
oh I love dramas but I'm sure I've seen
dramas I've liked like a good
old-fashioned action movie you know die
hard
that's not sci-fi there's not fantasy
just a nice action movie well it's a
wonderful life
oh yeah Shawshank that's one of my
favorites of all time
Shawshank Redemption is fuckin great
there you go everybody like Shawshank
everybody likes Shawshank leave the
Moose alone somebody playing with a
moose
there was a moose I got a and last time
I thought there was an injured moose and
last time I tried to heal the moose and
the moose attacked me so this time I
decided to leave the moose alone door
response an extra tall pile of garbage
near some buildings it's maybe over 12
feet tall littered littering got pretty
bad near the collapse of civilization
extra large can of baked beans is stuck
me at the top let's climb the garbage
pile we got some food but we lost some
around that's fine we got food wonderful
life is technically offense isn't it I
guess it is I guess it is do you want
some of the movies people send you any
of you guys like Bollywood movies look
the only Bollywood movie I've ever seen
was that robot one that's a fun one
that's a fun one extremely long
yeah well that's Bollywood mess pranks
in general no as far as we watch any of
the movies people son DOS that's that's
best of the worst welcome to the show
yeah yeah in high school I had I had a
few Indian friends and so we would watch
Bollywood movies and of course I was
fascinated by them I don't remember any
of their titles because they were out
like you know his parents
came from India and so like they were
all like Indian movies and but yeah we
would watch them every once in a while
and they they're weird man yeah they're
great they're great it's so different
maybe a new game could help me yeah
maybe it could did rich we're all green
tonight what you talking about I'm a
disembodied head floating disembodied
head whoa that's someone uh someone give
me an uptight give me enough time do you
want to I swear just amount I think
we're good for switching to something
else I want to double check the uptime
well no yep we're fine oh good let's
switch to something else I don't care
for this all right that's all right I'm
not alone that's all right
what questions we go under the old
standby Friday the 13th we're gonna look
for something else small and spooky Oh
take the perks entry blue Prizm says hey
rich do me a favor and say hi Sidney
there you go hello Sidney something
you're talking about someone named
Sidney and not the city no organ trail
that's probably a bit too similar to
what we just did
yep yeah I have to look for the mouse
but uh I have I have absolutely no
peripheral is the thing you need to know
about me and this costume I hold on
first hold on looking for games looking
for games
everybody is having their you know
Halloween sales at the moment which is
great
wait is this previously recorded or is
it live ah now you get the title do we
have a confetti button we don't have a
confetti book oh god damn it we need a
confetti I forgot that we forgot to give
beginning we need a confetti that was
that was a confetti worthy comment you
think that was confetti they got it
there was a celebration they got it oh
they go you did it you know you
understand the joke what's the what's
the Halloween sale how do I go to the
Halloween sale GOG what's the game you
guys wanted me to play you you've been
talking about what GOG is Doom 3 now oh
okay quake 4 nice I have it on disk but
it'd be nice just to have a just a fully
digital version without DRM for that
yeah I might I might get me that quake 4
huh it's on sale right now well how much
is it quake 4 it's $5 me know I'm logged
in as me I goddamn it you'll have to
remember later yeah yeah now blood boil
a head and I couldn't get into too much
there was a game on GOG that you said I
should get who said it who said it and I
won't play the full throttle I hated
hallow night you guys you guys are not
helping
yeah we might mean we have dead space
that's spooky
I don't think we've played it in a year
right right we play that last spooky
game the static speaks my name is what
you're looking for a 20 to 30 minute
game psychological horror psychological
horror there's gonna be a walking
simulator fucking hell you know it is
none of these are the game that you said
I should play blood-borne let's stop the
stream and go home and get your ps4 and
come back okay okay let's do that
we'll come back tomorrow play so much
that we can all get annoyed by how bad
it is
fucking right somebody asked earlier
there's a game you want to see made no
movie at soma oh there you go yeah I
don't want to see the game but I'd like
to see it made as a movie that would be
a great movie agreed agreed
what are we going on I thought Villa
knew to direct it oh yeah yeah I mean
obviously he's great at everything he
does all right come on rich help me out
here I'm told stories looks just like
stranger things it's probably another
walking simulator probably in walks from
you just to click on things
No yeah you know no I don't think that
would work well on the stream that looks
like yeah that looks like a lot of a lot
of listening and talking this is this is
this a halloween specific section these
don't look very scary these are just on
sale these are the ones on sale they're
having a Halloween sale there's Jack the
Ripper layers of fear that's gonna suck
you know it huh you know it you know
it's gonna play somebody's shitty
I'm fine with those layers of fear is a
first-person psychedelic horror game
with a heavy focus on the know players
take control of a painter whose sole
person is Paul Burress is to finish his
magnum opus exploration that's gonna be
my guest so we're doing it and you don't
have to we're doing it it's gonna be
horrible so we're doing it it's gonna be
absolutely horrible oh yeah what you're
saying is we're doing all right great
all right you guys wanted it here it is
check it out now downloading for four
dollars layer of fear layers of fear
saying there are a bunch of scary ghosts
and what your three is that what you
guys want
oh wait they played observer did we is
that I think that's the game you tar are
talking about did I play that one which
one isn't that's the game I was at
looking for earlier observer click
search effort that's the game word this
a game really short route how do you
search oh here it is lots of people
upset that we did that didn't do the
ghost quest with the other ending for
what you're three I think you could know
when you played it the first time but
what do you mean the ghost quest the
ghost course we streamed with the the
the ghost have killed the guy yeah
there's sad we didn't get the other
ending for that I didn't know there was
no well you couldn't no I just played
how I would want to play it I think this
is the game they were talking about
before what is this I don't recall this
but you might have streamed it without
me I don't think I've stream this
the years 2084 you somehow survived the
nano phage odds and you were killed in
the war
now phage the disease that that one
species has in Voyager that's just the
phage oh the phage that's why guys
adventure simulation horror I don't know
about this guy's
I have no mouth and I'm a scream is that
a game
that's a Harlan Ellison short story that
they turned into a game and it's an
adventure point-and-click yeah
I'm just throwing out things I rich I'm
gonna be honest with you I really
thought you had a plan this is kind of
okay well you know wait no Chet didn't
want to do that yeah my plan which is
probably the 13th the chat was just like
a great no that actually was my plan oh
yeah well let's do your plan then man
all right let's do your fucking plan
just get upset you know I was getting
set up for spooky games time is there oh
there is it's spooky games time rich
we're gonna do we're gonna pulverize
Fuuka games you don't wants to watch
we'll come back rich blew it okay
I asked the chat for a consensus yeah
and I got a consensus yeah and I was
just thinking about you people man
I'm not thinking about you guys yep Oh
