Episode 223
Does Anything a Spider Can
December 8, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NF-wZslptQA
___________________________________________

jack is currently messing with
brightness settings on the TV just the
TV we can always redo that you fuckers
can just deal with the darkness tricks
is it too dark for them do you want to
change that like is it too dark for you
that's the question it looks fairly dark
but it looks fine here because you
adjusted the brightness on the TV hold
on okay how about we just get started to
hear a little bit will be will be prereq
and enter normal swinging we'll just get
started we'll just bring what are the
two swinging options oh wait we didn't
update in chatty did we son of a bitch
son of a bitch rich nope no it's not cuz
now everyone got the email that we were
playing overwatch or whatever I was
playing last time our Witcher 3 exactly
lying fuck alright well everyone in
we're gonna talk over this to make sure
none of this copy written music gets
gets noticed it's fine actually there's
this look too bad on there look at that
look at that city on their fridge yeah
we'll get flagged for using the Batman
music exactly Warner Brothers is gonna
be pissed
this looks oh I can't I can't type oh I
can do it I can do it then I'll do it
I'll type it I just have to go to the
other HDMI quickly that's chatty dem dem
jockeys well it's it's a plus a fucking
police station - what do you expect
yep okay well what do we want to work on
this what are your thoughts and Mysterio
in this game I remember he was just kind
of a joke
and honestly that's that's probably a
fine use for Mysterio but none of these
none of these spider-man movie games
ever had enough fucking villains in them
because they're too constrained by the
goddamn movies like the only real and
they let them use other than the movie
villain was like the Rhino and shocker
sure you always get shocker
this matter comics like three times you
know what his power sets really easy to
make a game out of exact easy easy done
easy update close great
alright spider-man's been talking don't
worry about it they get Toby yeah they
got Toby and you know who else they got
rich I played it a little bit you know
to make sure that yeah I remember that
from the first spider-man game bruce
campbell does the tutorial whoo-hoo
oh shit we got it we gotta just them
we gotta just some things hold on oh my
god what do you would we would Justin in
for their their camera is weird for so
you have to invert a right left camera
okay which is very strange
yeah like their their up-down is
automatically inverted but their
left-right wasn't so okay so here's how
you crawl the walls I'm spider-man what
do you think is that too dark maybe the
game audio is super low okay pause pause
Bruce Campbell its Bruce Campbell he's
proof Campbell's given us the tutorial
Bruce Campbell just told us to jump in a
lake whose Campbell right there we go
now you can see now you can at least see
him on the wall Campbell make a cameo on
this he's doing it right now this is
this is it okay great how do you turn
off the ads you don't you just watch
them I think if you're a subscriber
actually you don't get any ads I'll be
honest with you so you turn off the ads
by being a subscriber oh the jumping in
this game is neat well how you have to
you have to hold it to build up your
that yellow music and so you can choose
how high you jump but it feels really
spider-man II you know the jumping feels
good in this game epitaxy I have not
watched you you guys were I did a
morning stream last night yesterday to
to make up for us missing Sunday right
and that's why I haven't been able to
watch the new we love the worst episode
because like you know what a morning
time day day time is usually my free
time yeah but I was streaming good
episode I I have seen nothing but love
or the edged weapons video which showed
me a little bit of that video before the
episode went up it's the best video we
have ever done on best of the worst ok
not will of the worst but best of the
worst I I'm excited I will watch it I'm
spider-man crawling on a wall oh yeah oh
this is great
I fucking love spider-man shadows huh
you still haven't played web of shadows
I didn't have a what was that because
that was ps3 xbox360 er yeah yeah I
don't know what I was doing having kids
oh you know oh you know what I was I can
tell you exactly what I was doing rich I
was having kids and playing Team
Fortress 2 on the Xbox 360 yeah yeah you
know cuz they like portal was out the
the half-life episode 1 into the orange
box was out for the for the 360 and I
had my firstborn then so my life was no
more fuckin love spider-man I think I'm
just gonna play this game in my free
time though cuz spider-man is awesome
spider-man I pressed my shirt
see-through I'm sure they're green yeah
you know it's fine it happens it's fine
you guys are just gonna have to deal
with that the web swings need the fact
that this is an open world city is neat
but there's not enough to do in this
game sure what a year Jack it was it was
great it was you know and when when I
got when I finally got the orange box
for my 360 my kid was still young enough
not to move on his own which is the best
time for kids like before they're a year
old when they're still like constrained
like before they start crawling like the
first 6 months yeah easiest fuckin pie
you know why they don't move you can put
them down somewhere and they'll stay
there that's why so that's when I got
them
jority of my gaming done whoo yeah shut
up Bruce Campbell but then you know they
start moving and like needing you to pay
attention to them I will admit though
this one puppy does still have the best
actual web slinging the other ones kind
of dumb it down a bit I'm still figuring
out my well this you control like each
individual web shooter right but you
have two strands going at a time but no
you can't no I think you could no wait
no you can't the other button is is
sprint and it makes you swing slightly
faster were you yeah you can he has to
hold one down like that I remember being
able to use two perfect-perfect
in spider-man one you just web sling in
the sky you unlock that ability later oh
shit come on spider-man
that that rap shit' web-swinging is
actually kind of difficult but I'll get
there shit where is he where is he in
there over there
shit shit shit shit shit I got him I got
him I got him gotcha I'm spider-man rich
captures pretty chapter you're gonna
have to deal with it know what someone's
saying the capture is pretty choppy you
know it's a PlayStation 2 game let's be
thankful we can get anything yes Chad I
know that Quentin Tarantino wants to
make a Star Trek movie we'll see if it
ever actually happens though right right
hey well over chat well no stop it stop
it it's like five frames per second I'm
my exploit here it looks smooth so I
don't know what died man that might be
your internet but I don't know what
spider-man is this the stupid Tobey
Maguire wanted spider-man to you know
you gotta it's there's it's not that bad
spider-man two out of the early spider
out of all of the spider-man's is the
second best spider-man movie we have
spider-man - the one with Doc Ock yeah
yeah but but but I know you don't like
if you could if you could separate the
first half of Sam Raimi's first
spider-man yeah that would be the second
best just the first half it doesn't get
really dumb until the Goblin starts
being the Green Goblin
sure it's a terrible Green Goblin yeah
it's a shame too because have you seen
like the the behind the scenes of his
original idea for the Goblin mask uh
yeah like he wanted to zoom into a
monster and it would have been great
yeah fuckin spider-man Oh Oh area and
available Rach we can't go this way yeah
spider-man 2 is the best spider-man
movie Home Coming just does the
character better
spider-man is all about the character he
just does the character better that's
the heart and soul of spider-man is the
character if you're not doing the
character justice
don't bother yeah yeah man that oh like
I've made some dumb arguments in my life
but that might have that might have just
superseded all of them it just has the
character better so then it's the best
spider-man thank you Bruce Campbell so
there's no good Batman movie in general
because it lacks character spider-man is
all about the character it's all about
Peter Parker spider-man Batman all kinds
of weirdness going on there with
villains that are creepy and weird do
you do a good Joker and have a fine
Batman even if Batman himself was a
little lacking yeah Batman plays by
slightly different rules there you can
you can do ok Batman without quite
getting the character of Batman right
hmm yeah I mean just because we have
Dark Knight we know that's true
Gotham is almost its own character it's
there's all this shit right right like
Batman The Dark Knight
I'm imagine that movie
but you just followed Batman and Joker
wasn't in it okay it would be oh I feel
like Batman Begins yes yes but if you
take the same thing now let's let's say
you take you spider-man homecoming and
you take the conflict out of it and we
just get to hang out with these
characters it's total it's still fun
it's still fun like we still get Tom
Holland we still get a great spider-man
we get a good character and sure let but
and you know what I even like the movie
like the the conflict wasn't this giant
save the world conflict he's just got to
stop a dude from selling some guns
that's good boom yeah it was easy as
great homecoming really was just not
worth it I don't get what's up with some
of you people man I just don't
understand I'm gonna go ahead and agree
with you homecoming homecoming is my
favorite spider-man movie yeah and the
movie that I think has done spider-man
the best out of all the movies yes this
I don't share your disdain for the Sam
Raimi spider-man movies though yeah I
think they were very good for what they
were what he was trying to accomplish I
still think they're very good spider-man
movies at least one and two too
specifically but I still prefer
homecoming and I think y'all be crazy
with your homecoming hate y'all be crazy
oh that's even the actor who played doc
I can't what's his name Anthony Molina
yeah
the world will still be here in half an
hour Alfred Molina yeah oh that's great
you know remember when games used to get
there like do they even make tie-in
movie games anymore said a thing well
they're harder to make now games right
costs have gone way up it's probably
harder to throw something together that
isn't another absolute piece of shit
like there was a really awful looking
Ghostbusters tie-in oh yeah did they
make a good for their lady ghostbusters
she's so slapped together it was a joke
whisker cuddle says he you guys join
Orville lately I honestly hate Family
Guy and everything said this done but
fuck this show is amazing I even got my
dad into it new trick was bad we thought
but Orville is great for reasons I'm not
gonna talk too much about discovery and
Orville right now but I will say I'll
say this much Orville is currently the
best Star Trek show on going right now I
was gonna say on TV but then that's
gonna be a thing of the past very
shortly just TV on general this the best
current Star Trek show hands down and
you know I didn't get into the Orville
too much I got like three episodes in
and it wasn't really my jam there is no
confirmation for a new Star Trek video I
might like to do something nothing is
set in stone so don't go running around
saying it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen I think I'm getting the hang of
web-swinging
oh right as I run into
I gotta say who do I get is what is the
lady I gotta save I didn't get too far
in the Orville but you know it was all
right I I didn't mind a lot of discovery
obviously Oh is punch of that lady in
the back of the head I'm spider-man you
can't handle this you can't handle this
I'm spider-man spider-man made a shit
my case we what happened I know our
thing isn't working and I don't quite
have web-swinging perfected yet
that's fine jack Oh fine well fuck fuck
fuck yeah can't you run in the walls
yeah there's that another unlockable
skill thing I just don't know yes maybe
shit shit shit shit
yes no maybe
there we go you know so is Jack playing
a port or on the ps2 on the ps2 this is
uh this is an official PlayStation 2
version I have my ps2 sitting on the
table right there
ps2 what's going on
reowww ps2 rich authentic PlayStation 2
action you forget how this controller
just doesn't feel quite right no no my
compared to the newer PlayStation
controllers this controller doesn't it's
C it's basically the same but it's
slightly different right yeah this is
slightly weird it's slightly weird not
totally weird
is that a sixaxis no this is a dual
shock - OH
dual shock - anonymous says this is for
surviving edged weapons it's the best
thing I've seen and it's on YouTube okay
go to Pizza Parlor
earn two thousand more hero points okay
Ruby sandwich says Ricardo you mentioned
in the chat that you thought snake eyes
from GI Joe is a well-rounded character
can you elaborate oh good I wanted to
talk about that because you made a
comment yeah and I want to talk about so
you bring up what you said first cuz
they were talking about Star Wars
somebody made a comparison the thing
between I forgot how it came up I said
Star Wars doesn't have him character as
as well-rounded as depth full of snake
eyes there was a slight slightly cheeky
in exaggerating star where he has some
good characters but someone said that
Boba Fett was with snake eyes was like
the Boba Fett of GI Joe or something
like that and you know Boba Fett is just
nothing
he's nothing shows up he's cool yeah
he's cool man and I if you're not that
familiar with the GI Joe comics you
might think that snake eyes just a sand
and jet he's cool because he's a ninja
there's more depth to the character than
that exactly if you read because you
read the comics yes and my comment to
you after you type that in chat was
isn't that akin to someone saying well
if you read the Star Wars books you
would learn so much more thing though
we're GI Joe the chemicals are the
primary source material sure but a lot
of people only know him from the curtain
I don't care the comics of the primary
source Larry Hammel was the guy behind
this shit
he wrote the comics well what was that
what was it
what happened thought the cartoon was
the primary source no no the first
outside of the toy the first thing was
the comics and Larry Hamma was the guy
responsible for the comics and even
writing the file names on the back of
the action figure card it came in the
blister pack he wrote the profilers that
came up toys okay name they would
something like an image of a character
he came up with everything else we're
gonna make this toy what do you got
copra exists because of Larry Hammel
it's like what Hasbro approached Marvel
about doing some kind something with GI
Joe and their hand was like we need a
villain yeah it can't be fighting no but
we need some villains Cobra Larry Hammel
Larry Hammel the comics primary source
material for GI Joe sorry if you like
the cartoon press this to damage
yeah
fighting crime I did it is it true that
in the in the comics that Cobra like
Cobra Commander was like a used car
salesman yeah he was a disgruntled
used-car salesman who blamed his
problems on the government yeah I love
it
so he started up Cobra in this small
town called Springfield and it just kind
of grew and got out of control
he's like uh it was a support group I
just really just wanted to air my
grievance and I'm a leader hi that's
great he was he was originally a
revolutionary but his his nature Cobra
Commander is corruption so eventually
it's just about the money yeah
anti-american ideal commander is great
that's it that is a great bag sorry I
think it's funny we in the comm and in
the cartoon he's she's a ancient snake
man he's a what he's an ancient snake
man sent by some kind of mention organic
technological society to do something
yeah cartoons sucked
the the cartoon people wanted them to
integrate that backstory for Cobra
Commander in the comics yeah and Larry
Hamm up god bless him cared about the
character so much rather than fuck up
Cobra Commander's backstory he killed
him off that's great hey excuse me it
takes a lot of buttons to web-swing I
feel unless I'm not doing it right which
is also very possible wait but you have
to like so you press you press l2 to
shoot a web and then you press l1 or
sorry you press r2 to shoot a web then
you press l2 to speed up then you hold
down X and let go to jump and then do
the same thing all over again so it's
like jump r2 l2 jump r2 l2 it's it's a
the timings a little weird I'll get used
to it I'm sure
hoorah
we oh wait can I do the movie thing
what's the movie thing all hanging
upside-down oh you might need to find
something to hang from where you're not
just resting up against a wall know
something - the movie thing that I was
talking about was blue was as being on
top of this flagpole there's an American
flag oh that's something spider-man did
in Alba I don't know if he did that in
homecoming at all but that was a very
Sam Raimi thing put him on top of a flag
pond that was American flag he's an
American Hero
fuck fuck fuck off everything's broken
fuck it spider-man dark jet wolves six
six sixes hey you long time listener
hi first-time caller hello I just got
paid and I love me some ps2 so have a
subscription and a tip thank you you
know the ps2 back in the day back in the
day it was sure something special the
ps2 yep every game was every game was on
it fuck is this pizza place
wait that room supposed to go in the
pizza place there we go I mean it
spider-man 2 looks best on the Xbox I
just don't have an Xbox I have a ps2
that is not I have a question is ps2
placed horizontal or vertical well I
have I have the he has the super slim
one the ps2 slim and so it is horizontal
I understand you might be getting a bad
frame rate it's fine for us what if we
turn the quality down for the the
capture what I mean people are getting
really bad frame rates for the game
specifically right hello let's see
according to us we have dropped zero
frames so hold on let's go ahead and do
some action let's actually pay attention
to it and we'll see how it looks
after we write through this now we have
other people saying they don't see any
problem you know what I don't care about
this guy so I'll be honest with you you
know it looks kind of good to me guys
you you guys might be having some
internet issues
you know what for me with the twitch
player sometimes that will happen to me
where it looks like it drops frames and
then I just use the pop-out player and
that always seems to play better than
the player in the webpage I will be
Hunter Hondo presentó with you
Darkwing schmuck says homecoming nails
the character from the comics better
than any other but Spidey too still does
the character well - I still say Spidey
- was a better film overall but you know
opinions man opinions yeah I just I hate
Tobey is the character I just do I know
you hate Tobey the character but but I
even think spider-man 2 has a lot more
problems than that and and this is from
someone who really likes spider-man - if
you remember spider-man - the whole the
whole movie was about him choosing to be
spider-man yeah and remember like when
he decided he didn't want to be
spider-man he just magically lost all of
his superpowers because he didn't feel
like having them anymore I honestly
don't remember it was I don't remember
it was this whole thing because you
remember in those movies his
web-shooters were part of his body yes
right one super bad - he's his
web-shooters sir stopped working and
then he actually lost all of his super
powers like he lost his super-strength
and his spider sense and all that
because he chose not to be spider-man
all right and that's merit and here's
the thing rich that's bull hockey that's
bull hockey what's going on you want it
let's deal with a guy on the street it's
well guy in the street that sounds like
a problem for the poies musics awful
it's just awful shit shit
shit oh let go this is why they changed
the web-slinging in the other games
because it's hard yeah
I'm sure once you know what you're doing
like yeah oh yeah I remember that being
the case but
ah got you dingus
dude Dini 86's hijack and Richard got
him watching live from the UK for the
first time I'm a huge fan tears and
thought it time to make a contribution
enjoy the night thank you very much
thank you much
Bab a yeah go Allah says what are your
thoughts on spider-man for the ps1 then
that game was my jamm back in the days
and the ending was so intense well
unlike a lot of the movie games that
game actually had a decent amount of
villains I don't remember that
that was fine for its time I don't know
that it holds up quite that well lots of
unlockable costumes that weren't like
hidden behind randomly generated loot
crate's you had to pay for her like had
like something like a hundred different
costumes fighting in the comics yeah oh
cool that's nice it's web-swinging even
had like the cosmic spider-man suit
remember cosmic Spidey cosmic Spidey uh
he briefly had cosmic powers he actually
punched the Hulk into orbit
I did a storyline apparently I don't
remember his powers kept growing and
they wouldn't stop and he was like
Superman it was like what do you do with
Peter Parker Peter Parker react to
having Superman level powers was the
story they did interesting and near the
end of that he had one of those like
cosmic costumes where he could see the
stars
his body oh yeah yeah and that was in
the game it also had all the stats from
like boosted to maximum when you're
using that costume cool the the symbiote
spider-man costume that unlimited
webbing nice very comic accurate yeah
we what who did let go of your web who
did okay okay I'm here I'm here to help
no no there was a lady who said please
don't take my purse who is that okay all
I know about spider-man count comes from
the 90s cartoon well you probably loved
Tobey Maguire spider-man though that's
right I'm the man with this Treyarch to
who later became known for Call of Duty
possibly I don't know or was that just
the ps1 spider-man games I don't know
yeah I did it what were you just talking
about I've I've Treyarch Treyarch no
before then Treyarch was behind the
black ops series wasn't just black ops I
don't I don't know call of duty that
well I know they did the black ops I
guess I just assumed they were doing all
of the Call of Duty all that duty wait
I'm here for you
citizen hello citizen I am here for you
happened to Raven Software too they work
on Call of Duty now oh I want to fall
for Raven what did they do
Jedi Knight soldier of fortune they were
a first-person shooter
Deb's for like since the early days the
pioneers yes they were in the Pioneer
era in the pot they were they were
forging wagons the hex or heretic or
both I don't remember
hey this has a this has a spider-sense
mat Man esque combo SACEUR counter
system that's really funny
this has this has the Batman counter
system years before Arkham Arkham stole
it from spider-man - did you guys see
that the his head globe gold was glowing
and after his head was done glowing you
can counter we get do you guys like the
Jedi Knight games I don't I don't think
the first couple of them aged
particularly good like dark forces
that's that's really I guess dark forces
isn't bad
and then Jedi Knight I think that's aged
like crap but Jedi Knight 2 was
fantastic
Jedi Knights who was the best Star Wars
game chat outside of TIE fighter outside
of Taif yeah you loved tyfa oh yeah
OOP excuse me what up did I play
expedite it was fine does it fall to his
death
if you just wait very possible like do
you see him splat on the ground that
would be great
my question is how does she know he's
gonna fall cuz he's like three blocks
away
what I do
okay no I wanted to save him
okay can I put him down now
Texas panhandler says when I was in the
Air Force when I got home from work I
used to sit down and decompress by just
swinging around in this game for hours
great memories I'll listen this game was
great for just swinging around yeah yeah
like once you get the flow of it oh
there I did a little wall run thing but
like you know into preparing all of the
spider-man open-world games the the
random encounters
nowhere near enough they all got old so
quick well yeah yeah you'd only save
that guy from following so many times oh
sure we'll try to find as many following
guys as we can and we'll save the same
yellow guy we know but that way
Webber shadows same thing repetitive
events but at least the fights you got
into for a lot of those events were fun
fights all right that's fair I've talked
to this lady like three times who's
gotta go to the hospital
hurry up jack before she dies of a
broken leg severely injure her more by
throwing her on your back and swinging
through the city Agra horribly agitating
whatever injury it has basically
ensuring she will have major internal
injuries yep
you're such a hero such a hero I think
I'm gonna be sick Spider Man oh this is
just of my broken vote it's not poking
through my skin why just put me down
you're not supposed to move me I'm hurt
you're killing me spider-man you're
killing me you could have called for an
ambulance spider-man if you're not
broken my ribs what did you stop to get
a coin spider-man broken rib is not
piercing my lung spider-man like how
much stress would that put on your body
just like swinging from a building even
if you were properly harnessed that
would fuck your shit up red shoe is the
worst of spider-man's enemies the big
wheel the big wheel yeah basically it's
like fighting a ferris wheel all right
you got me though the jackal is still
probably the worst the jackal Clone Saga
guy absolute worst
the Jekyll you've never heard of the big
wheel he's probably only ever in one
issue I doubt they brought the big wheel
back the big wheel was a villain there
was a guy in the center of it and he
just had a he was just he's a senator's
a big wheel they got a cannons on the
side or something he was just a big
wheel you see what are we gonna I think
you just got to feed it I like rolling
off a pier or something that's great
frogman was pretty lame well I think he
was a joke to begin with
I don't think big wheel was intended to
be a joke gotcha Punk very fond of us
old spectacular spider-man issue were
this villain called The Walrus was able
to beat spider-man because spider-man
was just too busy laughing at him to put
up a fight
Spiderman was doubled over and laughter
anyone facing down this man this man in
a giant walrus suit let's say the saying
he had the proportional speed strength
and agility of a walrus technically that
would make him very strong but I'm not
gonna nominate him for worst villain
because that was intentionally a joke Oh
same with leapfrog guy who jumped in a
big frog costume he teamed up with the
walrus at some point yeah gotcha Punk I
gave it back to you already yep you're
welcome hey you're welcome
can I punch her so manatee from venture
brothers but decades and decades before
mention Brothers has ripped off a lot of
Marvel Comics oh my rich they have paid
oh my when it's when it's as obscure as
the walrus it's ripping off that could
just be a fan that could just be a big
that could just be someone being like
you remember the walrus that was a
stupid villain let's make fun of that
it call me crazy but I think there
should be an automatic let go of the web
button which can you elaborate on why
the Clone Saga was so bad I wasn't alive
when the Clone Saga was published
alright imagine you you you grew up
idolizing a character for decades
yeah for at that point close to like
well I wasn't reading spider-man when I
was an infant but at that point you know
six or eight years of my life finalizing
spider-man more than that and it's not
just idolizing someone this is what you
know though the way comics are put out
this is a character who you have read
and has developed over the course of
decades yes and they tell me that oh
he's a fake
the whole time he's been a fake yep
there's a slap to the fucking face yeah
so here's the real spider-man
oh and he's blonde now I got for those
who don't know I don't know who this
jackass is there might be some people
who don't know what the Clone Saga is is
they they said Peter Parker wasn't
really spider Bart wasn't really Spicer
spider-man in the comics for the last 20
years at that point yeah was really a
clone right and the real person who we
should care about is Ben Riley
got your punks which is worse the Clone
Saga or one more day and they both told
me to go fuck myself it's just like I
didn't actually get the message until
one more day I really get kicked in the
nuts by Marvel so often you'll start
sprinting along the wall it's pretty
cool nothing beats jumping off a swing
line hitting the wall sprinting along it
for a few seconds and then so what was
Ben Riley doing while Peter Parker was
spider-man he was actually a hobo he had
this whole 1970s Hope thing going on
where he just wandered from town to town
he had no home I don't know very
relatable very very relatable it's like
when you're a kid you're reading comics
that's what you want to read about you
want to read about hobos doing a good
deed
how did then Riley get superpowers Clone
Saga is literally a clone of Peter
Parker
well Peter Parker was a clone time
that's what they tried to say yes so as
far as the comics were concerned Ben
Riley got his powers she was radioactive
spider pride and the character we've
been reading about twenty years got his
powers from being cloned by the real
deal right the kick to the balls Oh big
time and I remember at the comic book
store during the Clone Saga I really
hated the Clone Saga as I was going on
and the owner of the comic book star
actually kind of taunted me how you
gonna keep reading it anyway you know it
I dropped all of the spider-man books
right then they they kind of they kind
of they kind of fuck themselves over
with that one the kind of book star
you're gonna keep reignited yeah no I'm
not
you're gonna keep buying it cuz I heard
you can't stop reading it because your
nerd didn't say that
that's kind of the Adam sir nerds read
comic books here's you comic book nerd
that's great first of all that's great
that's like yeah you're right you know
pull all this shit right now I'm done
yeah why am I still buying this shit
I was like a blockbuster I get it
wow they were good people today at that
comic book stars just one one incident
probably - probably didn't go how they
would have liked to have gone and they'd
be like a fried crabby day or something
yeah crabby about it was just like I
know what you're gonna do they ended up
being wrong yeah yeah
you're gonna keep buying it anyway
let's did you bag and board your comics
yes anyone who cares about their comics
bags and boards then you have until near
the end I didn't care that much anyway I
just I stopped still behind them for a
while so comics were to Rich's crack was
to addicts got it I I stopped cold
turkey successfully with no regrets
that's so I'm sorry
I'm also running really fast man
Starkiller in the chat I mean with
ultimate yeah basically the question is
why why replace ultimate spider-man with
Miles Morales when they were already too
similar they were both young kids yeah
running around with spider powers why
why did you need Miles Morales I would
argue by that point Brian Bendis had
already shit the Peter Parker bed yeah
yes he already he had already made the
story of Peter Parker unbelievably
horrific to read with tragedy after
tragedy and that was a slog at that
point yeah well and so like one yes to
sales of ultimate spider-man were
declining steadily because Brian Bendis
had shit the bed right and so you
replace him with a new character so you
can start fresh and hopefully grab a new
demographic by your show yeah yeah it
makes it done of sense and obviously
like you know part of it works because
miles is still around and beloved by the
people I mean I know they want to say
diversity was just for diversity but no
Brian Bendis had already kind of ruined
ultimate spider-man Peter Parker yeah
that was already just horrible yeah I'm
diversity probably you know what like
diversity played a part in it as much as
they're like well this is a big chunk of
our audience there's not a lot of people
who are buying this stuff let's see if
we can sell them more shit probably help
sell it to the higher-ups yeah exactly
oh no the higher-ups Oh probably if it
wasn't an idea from the higher-ups
because well you know this is a key part
of our demographic that we feel is
underrepresented and we can get more
money out of that yeah let's get more
money at that point ultimate Peter
Parker's life was already unbearably
miserable yes agreed because of Bendis
because of Brian Bendis who's now going
over to DC he can go ruin all sorts of
heroes now he can
Brian Michael Bendis has an amazing
talent to reinvigorate and then
completely ruin characters man he does a
great job of breathing breathing some
new life into characters and then just
motion him into the ground
oh look at this lady just in half Anna
dude you were talking about replacing
Peter Parker with Ben Reilly thought you
said Miles Morales out there unless you
misspoke oh why the oh so the question
is why would they replace Peter Parker
with with Ben Reilly two reasons okay
two reasons first reasons first reason a
lot of a lot of the writers at the time
didn't like the marriage he was married
pretty much the whole time I was reading
the comic book though so it didn't
bother me but a lot of writers thought
oh it needs to be single oh sure sure
they basically refused to try and write
Mary Jane right
well and I like from from a business
standpoint you're like okay it's mostly
kids who are reading this they're not
gonna care about like the day-to-day
married life of Peter Parker the other
reason and this is the big one this is
the real reason DC had just printed
money by big events where they killed
off Superman silver mine is jaddo big
event big event the series will never be
the same big event Batman well we broke
bruce bruce wayne's back big event big
event Batman will never be the same
there's a new Batman change-o event
foiled and broths covers Marvel is like
we need to do a big event and so they
ruined spider-man
well that was a big event yes so you
know you're welcome
so as far as Ben Riley is concerned did
they retcon their own retcon and say
that Ben was really the clone all along
because of fan backlash yes at the time
I was the biggest spider-man fan in the
world and I stopped reading the books
I'm sure I wasn't alone come on I was
like like a gyro maybe two after the
Clone Saga that ended I was in a wasn't
my normal comic book store but just a
different big different comic book store
there's a driving ban I got let's check
them out sure they had a whole shelf it
was just discounted Clone Saga comics
that they couldn't get rid of I picked
up I picked up a lot of them for like
you know pennies yeah
so in some gaps I guess we'll finally
see what this is
the Clone Saga $0.20 wall or whatever
they would buy one get 10 free is some
kind of insane deal like that oh sure
rich what was your reaction to the end
of amazing spider-man slash beginning of
superior spider-man I I wasn't reading
by then
if Peter Parker is not married I am I am
not reading the books by that point the
really I had stopped reading like a few
months earlier like I think I think I
dropped the comic books when they were
doing that the other storyline the other
story is mystical with something
mystical mystical oh yeah mr. go we've
all been there where the heck first of
all I can't like that was I think that
was the story where they gave spider-man
Wolverine claws
you really did you remember that
apparently not oh he had stingers that
came out of his wrists for a while very
briefly when the fuck are you doing I'm
gone that's the correct answer
yes and then I know then right after
that that into the civil war story Civil
War happened like right after that this
is like near my end end of reading comic
books okay and I'm like Peter Parker
revealing this identity that that almost
kind of got me back cuz that's an
interesting concept yeah I'd like to see
what they do with this and what they did
with that was retcon that and the
marriage you know I'm gone I'm glad I
left why I think almost got me back
though yeah cuz that was that was neat
I got there's some new possibilities
type a somebody telling possibilities
with this concept yeah Peter Parker
known to the world
oh oh oh they only did that because they
knew they were gonna retcon everything
Oh yep Oh web zip
does rich have any fond memories of
reading spider-man or just written it
all off completely I got a lot of back
issues I'm fond of I'm very fond
especially because I read them when I
was fifteen but the old Stanley Steve
did Co issues like the originals oh
those are fun yeah I love
what's-his-name Roger Stern's run time
to fall go had a great running amazing
there's a lot of older issues that I
love
what back when every game needed a
bullet time I guess it makes sense here
spider-man well yeah oh I don't hate
belong time I'm just I think that was
the thing I just didn't know i unlock
that and of course every game needs
bullet time Max Payne was awesome I
think games still duple at time all
right
top spidey villains do you guys like
JRPGs you gonna have to try it harder
than that to troll me man ah I'm fairly
easy to troll which shows how little
effort you actually put into that any
another drink
I can't believe I ran off like that I
must be out of my mind
yeah then start swinging again yeah I
know how to swing already you don't need
to teach me that wait wait what's that
Oh can a doe a token meadow so hey guys
thanks to the streams is the enemy AI
and Metal Gear Solid 5 to easy some of
the gameplay footage I've seen makes it
seem that way is there a better stealth
experience on the ps4 I'm I'm not aware
of all that many stealth experiences on
the ps4 specifically right that's that's
the tough part
I don't remember hating it's been a
while since I played it out but I don't
remember hating the AI know I think I
think yeah I was acceptable there were
challenges you know I definitely felt
like it was appropriate I don't remember
making any notes about the AI yes yeah
exactly so dark man yes that was Bruce
Campbell yes who made those spider
movies Sam Raimi who was Sam Raimi's
bestie
that would be Bruce Campbell so when
they they got people to voice the game
and based on the Sam Raimi movie they
got Bruce Campbell in
true blue review says hey guys hi I have
a relevant story two days ago a broken
mattress spring slashed my leg as I was
getting up in the morning yeah this just
goes to show that even your fucking bed
can be an edged weapon again literally
everything can be an edged weapon
literally literally everything is
horrifying Matt Avalon he says a nominee
in this year's Game Awards Steve some
spam spewed Spanish money said high of
noise I know SPO HN is almost paralyzed
and plays games like Hub G and rocket
League a blind electrician made a video
to support Steve really I've never heard
of this I have no idea what you're
talking right it's all it's all Greek to
me
good for him great yeah
inspiration inspiration I feel but I
don't even know what you're talking
about and I feel inspired I'm gonna
paralyze myself just so I can be just
like Steve spool
oh shit look at them ps2 titties you
messed up spider-man nope no you did
she's oh wait where'd you go yet follow
her
I believe the objective is not to let
her get too far away if I remember I'm
gonna fuck up yeah you fucked up you
might already be screwed I don't know I
don't know jack fuck now I am oh my god
but I found a secret oh my god
shut up lady I'm trying to find a sexy
cat lady that that's not climb the wall
you spider-man I was swinging is faster
rich swinging is faster swinging is
faster if you know how to swing oh hey
you were waiting for me thanks breezes
crisp says have you heard about time
splitters rewind fan update project with
permission from free radical what do you
think on people being given the okay to
update long dead games
oh-ho-ho Mary breeze miss I don't I
don't think it's a new thing people
trying to update old games I don't I
think most of these projects have failed
or lost interest but more power to them
yo people are still doing shit with doom
fucking hell with the web-swinging god
damn it people have made do many more
times more many times more awesome than
it was originally fucking me some I'm
all for this practice whoa mana a
sexual-assault er well technically she's
a criminal no means no jab yeah well
he's not he's not sexually assaulting
her he's trying to bring her to justice
where the cops will almost certainly
sexually assault her
then spider-man will get the cops that's
a whole difference you know like one one
assault sir is victim at a time please
shit know that spider-man you absolute
dingus get on the fucking roof none of
us is rich I want to cut soda out of my
diet but I just can't get diet coke down
my throat it tastes like cough syrup to
me did you have this problem and if so
how did you deal with him I I did have a
problem where I didn't like to taste a
diet coke and you just honestly you get
used to it at this point the non-diet
stuff tastes weird too babe
so I think you know it's not great
advice but the only advice I give you
stay the course or or you could consider
like water or something like that
god damn you cat lady
Coke Zero is fine Oh Coke Zero is the
worst the absolute worst
so skin tight leather doesn't that kind
of chase you'll never find out that's
for sure
damn hey miss lady I caught up to you
you always chase girls you brush you off
I have standards after all standard is
the word and here I was expecting
amazing Hey huh yep ha ha me with the
ladies fighting who's with that girl was
she
you know this chapter opening reminds me
of something
the Spidy store gets new items every
time a new chapter starts aha
next time you have a chance visit the
store and check out what they've got oh
boy
thanks for his gamble kibosh malarkey
says what's the best insult you've ever
burned someone down with once during an
argument with a cheating axe I told her
you as bad a liar as you are a person
good times
oh I I don't have any that I especially
remember off the top of my head yeah I
don't think I've cataloged these things
what's up I'm with you I I can't think
of a specific burn I was that guy oh no
- we got to
here here it's one guy once - no what I
called him Jack you know that call I got
a real good one
you called them white white huge bird I
don't get it okay that's a rickety thing
you white why is some like that oh I
don't get it
that was a sick burn though white white
guilts what it was from one of the Rick
and Morty interdimensional TV episodes
uh-huh
I'm just gonna yeah I'm just gonna be
here saying yeah man you you you do you
you do you man
you just use the the alien Garfield
insulting the alien Jon Arbuckle okay
great Spanish banana says regarding
previous stream
I work in Disneyland Paris and we are
not a flop
what Disneyland has also parks in
Shanghai Tokyo and Hong Kong
on that note thoughts on Disney may be
getting Fox cheers yeah it looks like
it's gonna happen we talked about that a
bunch in another stream I personally I
like riches idea of them buying DC next
that'd be the interesting one yeah as
I've said where do they go after
infinity war well Marvel vs. DC might be
pretty awesome mmm in marvel's hands in
in Disney Disney hands yes absolutely no
I think you know I think it's great
they're gonna they're gonna get a whole
bunch of properties back and at what
point is Disney a pop cultural monopoly
you have Marvel and Star Wars for fuck's
sake right I only wish they had Star
Trek because then they might make it
good yeah
discovery isn't that bad yeah it's not
that great either yeah sure you know
what I could be with you that high
what oh my God he's stuck inside of a
manhole I'm coming buddy
hold on I'll ensure you more buddy
web-swing nothing like swinging on a
guy's shoulder at 80 miles an hour to
help that internal injury we hold on I
got to stop an armed robbery you're okay
getting shot right let me see how much I
can jostle you
like he doesn't swing when you want him
to swing he swings me that why you swing
fucking spider-man got him did it I did
it
yeah where am I
thing over here and wants more Spidey
powers madam says busting my ass for
work tonight I live in Scotland and it's
fab to have you on in the background
helping me stay awake
hi welcome from Scotland don't be too
entertaining
I got simulations to build shakes fist
you okay man right you build those them
simulation lessons I had to help keep
you awake you build them will just be
over here playing this simulation of
spider-man ah I could double jump
your jump-off kick if you could be any
spider-man villain which one would you
be the human the human yeah that first
of all nice but how about you get with
it get it together I am human
a normal human but also that would be
the lamest rich you have a chance to be
like super strong or fly or like have
extra arms but also a spider-man villain
which means you're gonna get your ass
kicked not necessarily you can turn good
turn good man use your power for good
you know I like doc Ock's whole thing
but I think overall I would prefer to be
the spot I love the spot I love his
little portal things adorable this is an
adorable villain but I also think I also
think it is a practical power I think
like having the ability to like make
interdimensional area transporting
portals would be very helpful in
everyday life I had that issue the first
appearance of the spot oh yeah in the
comics and it was I had it at school
actually and somebody at the school
wanted to buy it from me and so I
actually looked up the proper price that
it was going for and I demanded the
price that was like in the book the
price book for comics and he got all
upset oh yeah right kind of like this
issue right like I bought this is a bag
issue it's about what I paid for it like
could you imagine how much I could
charge I could be in the transportation
business as the spot instance any
package anywhere instantly and
anywhere well yes to set up his spots
first you have to okay if you have to
fly to Paris to set up the portal isn't
really worth it fly to Paris set up the
portal fly back set up your portal in
New York rich you now have the Oh Jack
you're thinking outside the box you have
the only business that can
instantaneously get people from New York
to Paris how much are they going to
charge for that premium my friend all
right safer than air travel get your
package there instantaneously friend
amore do credit where do I end and so
you know there there are a ton of
practical applications for portal
technology hello you might do the
mission or whatever what am I supposed
to be doing now do I know
do I care complete daily bugle
assignment and 3,000 more he replies oh
shit
wait let's play Mass Effect 1 I don't I
don't like funerals semi-competent I get
it this is hype else hi I just played
Mirror's Edge and thought it was better
as a relaxing game than for its story
thoughts
I've never played Murs edge as a
relaxing game that that's a pretty
vomit-inducing relaxing game you got
there yes been gone a while what do I
say now instead of lol fuck my cock no
you got it still still that I think
we're still saying that Mirror's Edge is
not a very relaxing game as my only
comment you know that's that's the game
where if that's the first person runner
game parkour wasn't yeah so it's like to
me Mirror's Edge has always been like
vomit-inducing and frantic
so way up there real my time really and
mostly out here anyway but you can see
this I have not played Star Trek Online
check you haven't is Star Trek and Star
Trek I know
also did you know Star Trek nope they
did not get Elizabeth Banks to reprise
her role as I'm sorry Eddie Brandt I'm
very sorry
you should be wait did they get nope
nope they did not get JK Simmons back he
didn't portal to him that's all that
matters
JK Simmons they should have they should
have got JK they should have gotten
literally anyone else but this dude
anyone else it was more like the crink
Hubley sounds like lame to fold Robbie
Robertson here
Margaret like you to take you he's also
like is speaking really sinister like
the Robbie in the movie was like hey
Jonah let's go do this
Oh Jonah framework familiar with the
comics I would be waiting for that guy
to become a villain right run trip
falses I have missed out on three years
free wreck what the fuck is wrong with
me nothing
I will also be going to my first beef
fest January 26th and 27th at
Northwestern I hope you guys can make
this year all you'll never seem here to
be fest I'm not up for a marathon
alright I'm not doing that to myself
yeah you know like I'm okay would be
fast I don't know if I'll ever make it
again just because life gets in the way
but it's it's a good time you know some
quick tips if it's your first be fest
don't bring any alcohol not because you
can't drink it I'm actually not sure on
the rules and that it's just you will
fall asleep and miss half of the movies
so don't plan on drinking at all if you
are the drinking sort alright not
obsessed I stopped watching your stream
to go on chest of the worst Wow amazing
episode but holy shit Mike is always so
abusive towards you
oh no what did he do rich oh he didn't
like this shirt that I am now probably
wearing he didn't like your pac-man sure
oh they don't have to put the episodes
up while we're streaming control us
apparently I can put this episode up two
days ago weird and we're still we're
still losing viewers to a jacket such as
such is life alright such is life it's
all fine
what are you gonna do I'll tell you what
nothing I'm not gonna do a damn thing
about it
I don't know it's up here but I'm gonna
get it anonymous is hi rich it's the guy
who drives to LA on Wednesdays today the
entire state of California is on fire
did you see the pictures no oh my god
the entire state of California is on
fire there's a wildfire spreading
through parts of California having a
wildfire spreading through parts of
California this is going through a big
residential area like it looks horrific
that's that's how Eric Larson lost all
of his childhood chemical drugs oh is
that true name is made as a kid yeah he
drew his own comic books currently for
years now the Savage Dragon has been
like him as an adult recreating those
comics but there was a wildfire in the
1990s that just destroyed his home and
all of his old Oh his old comic books he
made as a kid that's too bad
yeah you know that's too bad
climb climb
that's too bad yeah it's it looks
devastating it's just one of those like
everything is wrong with the world
there's fire everywhere and you know
they've been having all the of these
droughts recently which of course is a
Sur baiting the the fires it's very sad
thoughts on net neutrality those same
guys oh now we're done talking about
fire so a fire bad
net neutrality good I don't know many
people who aren't corporations I think
that neutrality is a bad thing right
I've had to call my senator a shocking
number of times this month rich shocking
number I hope everyone is doing the same
you call your Congress people you call
your senators there's a there's easy
numbers to do that and you tell them how
you feel about net neutrality and how
you feel they should vote my senator or
one of my senators mr. Ron Johnson
really doesn't want net neutrality he
and he is planning on voting yeah repeal
net neutrality so I've called him and
I've said hey there mister
do this yeah waggle my finger yeah
and then you think here's the thing rich
it does a lot of because they people
call in mass and they flood the lines
and they get so annoyed and they get so
scared for re-election that they act it
actually does do something rich all
right I know you like to be negative but
it's important to have your voice heard
and I also call my other senator who is
in favor of net neutrality and say hey
hey there miss Tammy Baldwin good on you
you keep doing good cuz I like that
thing that you do because that's all
that's equally important you want to
make sure that yeah if someone votes
right what they do right
this is epic music for a picture taking
this music is great this music that's
utterly generic no this is epic music
for picture taking the current mixer
machine Arman is taking pictures of the
city and I've chosen this music
web-swing fucking dick I was pressing
the web Center
so yeah it's it's a hopefully there's
been a lot of pressure there's been a
lot of pressure on the government as far
as net neutrality is concerned and as
long as we keep it up we just have to
keep the pressure on them
sure and as it's it's tiring for those
people who are like hey we got to keep
pressure on this we got to keep pressure
on this we got to keep pressure on this
there's so that uh Jack they'll keep
pushing do they get their way huh
they'll keep pushing did they get their
way and not if we keep pushing back not
if we keep pushing back can't be
defeatists but you know and of course
this is coming right after the tax bill
and this is coming right after this and
right after this and there's like a
million things and it's like every
single day you got to make those calls
and we can do it we just have to be
vigilant and it's you know what it's
tiring
I think there's money to be made they'll
be relentless so then we just have to be
really honest and that's okay and then
and and more importantly we have to
remember that come next election and we
have say motherfuckers took away the
shit we like hey motherfuckers we're
gonna vote you out of a job that's my
that's my song about you know I fear
we're hitting too political that never
ends well oh you just wait rich cuz I'm
really all you go coma says let me tell
you a nickel color says so what about
rich great is always to watch you guys
next year my Amazon and eBay accounts
both turned 20 years old oh wow
what were you doing in 1998 like this
specific moment in 1998 I don't freaking
remember stuff I was in high school I
was in high school I was a sophomore in
high school
no what's the second year of high school
that sophomore yes I was a sophomore in
high school
get those pictures to John and I don't
know oh that's when I was wearing a
trench coat filled with props yep that
was during my trench coat filled with
props time probably watching the news
about Columbine right around that time
was that 98 was a 98 chap when when was
the horrible highschool mass shooting
yeah I want to talk about that instead
of pellets so fuck Colin tics are let's
talk about the shooting
think about it rich think about that
they're saying that was 99 that was my
god this is the worst the only thing
this game had going for was the
webslinger yeah bruce campbell yeah
I want shots of spider-man switch to the
Hulk Jack what are you going to play the
hole we're doing we have no right yeah
well that was the plan
I was just gonna see how much of this I
could stand yeah um we're getting you
dan what's there someone up time me I
start a little late but is it true Jack
Ward Genco jeans I wore Jenko jeans that
was the the the summer between 8th grade
and freshman year for me yeah was my
goth phase my goth I was industrial like
like Construction boots combat boots
Jenko jeans black metal t-shirts you
know normal normal stuff what's our
updated JJ Jameson had a normal mustache
in the movies right he didn't have the
classic comic book Hitler mustache I
want to say
Goff Jack pictures please huh yeah oh
yeah chain wallet and I had a chain
wallet no one is giving me up time
where's it where's hack botton why isn't
hack bought up timing us
I'm sorry started like 10 after 6
somewhere around there I am inside a
building there is no thief in here she
even started 1 hour 38 minutes ago what
you know I'm good we're gonna give this
a solid two hours and then we'll give
Hulk a solid uh yes Alec - yeah let's
split it up evenly because I only have
that I don't have spider-man in the Hulk
and get Doc Martens or Bulldog boots our
38 Jack our 38 yeah you look at that
ugly Rhino is look worse Oh has he
well John DiMaggio is it it's it's it
has the same like what do they call it
timber like that that might be him it
could be just funny cuz spectacular
spider-man he voiced the sandbag oh yeah
yeah he's a great
turn the tide enough time watch your
last time also your mod is being
political and only delete one side of
arguments your mod emo what yeah I know
no politics oh fuck fuck
they're great J I'm trying to web them
up I think you got a web his eyes and
then jump out of the way oh sure
we gotta do it more than once check stop
relying on your spider since it's
getting you killed
no but I have to that's what no let's
never ready to feed the right oh yeah
see there's gonna get dizzy Bruce
Campbell told me to use my spider-sense
alright alright I'm gonna listen to
Bruce Campbell what happens if you what
model what min the face says he's
charging and just get out of the way I
can do this but I don't think that does
anything you're so good at like what
he's charging
nope you ran towards him boss fights and
these guys are all so horrible yeah
webbing I pressed the button that time
what everything just doesn't work the
nine Weber shadows there's some fun boss
fights in that gun I pressed it I
pressed it I also died hey let's retry
that mission
well the shadows is a night loop fight
with Wolverine oh yeah yeah excuse me
ladies stuck inside the rhinos model
could you run away please dinguses
Punisher and any spider-man game doesn't
he doesn't it cameo in one of the
PlayStation 1 spider-man games there's
some game a spider-man game I think it's
got a Punisher candy arrow oh yeah
good night crazy white Nick Fury cameos
and ps1 spider-man remember what Nick
Fury was white you know it's hard
actually to remember that it's hard to
remember that you know why like 50 years
see but he makes he looks so much better
as Samuel Jackson he looks so much
better
Samuel Jackson they've David Hasselhoff
made of Nick Fury movie rigs I remember
that
all I do now check we don't we don't
have the Punisher game here no sorry I
only have spider-man and Hulk ultimate
destruction and if it's a shootie shoot
game I'd probably enjoy it more if I can
play it with a mouse is there a PC
release for the old Punisher game for
the old Punisher game dickhead see it's
not nice when people just yell stuff is
it this is why I would be a pretty bad
spider-man so I'm saying there is a PC
version of that game yeah well then
there you go I'm just a matter of
tracking it down
I just hate I hate the web-slinging what
I what I want to do and I think I don't
know if this is how they've done it in
the past
bitch check I don't know too much about
the Punisher arcade game but I do think
the Punisher NES game is highly
underrated Punisher NES game yeah well
yeah I don't remember it's it's it's
like you see the Punisher at the bottom
of the screen third person but it's also
of just a rail shooter it Scrolls cross
punishes the bottom of the screen you
kind of move them left and right to
dodge things while shooting and
everything on the screen okay
oh my god there's like a kid in a
balloon oh wait what no there's a kid in
a balloon
I hate you game I officially hate this
game oh it's not a kid in a balloon it's
just a kid's balloon oh that happens old
time in this game yeah yeah I'd love to
throw that kid off of the building I
gotta get his stupid balloon now what
are you doing oh yeah I'm working out a
dick your fucking ass my balloon
Ayatollah of rock and roll asses i watch
Cronenberg's existence last night a film
19 years old and yet still awesome
Kronborg talked about video games being
a form of art mixed with reality melding
body horror have you seen I have not I
lost it I'm sorry
have you seen existence I have not I'm a
fan of Cronenberg you know I haven't
seen all of his movies but oh but I like
him how big him yeah I don't know if
this is how they did web-swinging in
other games but what I want to do is
hold down the button to hold on to your
web and then let go to let go I think
that's how they did it the other game
the other mode of swinging of this might
be that the other motifs agent that
would be great
which what you probably anger everybody
in the chat because everyone loves this
complicated convoluted style of web
slinging which once I got used to
witness it was fun a little bit bad the
the problem isn't the web swinging
itself go onto the menu hold on I gotta
stop I got to stop a car jet I got hit
by a car why don't you go into the menu
to get better web swinging and then stop
the car because I'll stop the car first
and yeah just run after the car I'll be
the okay
everything's fine I hear that mashing
going out well that's what it is that's
the whole game Josh mash mash okay yeah
Jake probably hasn't played this game in
15 years if I even played it when it
first came out and you know I'm sure I
did but I have no memory of this game
you seem familiar with that boy we
talked about last time the web swinging
around the city I'm playing it now I'm
not so sure on that I'll be honest with
you okay okay let's see what happens if
we turn easy swing on oh that's so much
fucking better will you just let go to
jump yes please that's what the shadows
I got hit by the helicopter and ultimate
spider died I got hit by the helicopter
blades I died but you can't you can't
you can't do the with that or can you
with the this easy mode I don't think so
let's fuck let's find out what happens
if I just keep holding it no Ben I just
say okay
oh it doesn't matter that's that's the
only way to web-swing Oh God
you you let go of the button to let go
of the web I can't oh yeah the other way
was so lame because the other way you
had to you had to press the jump or you
depress and then release the jump button
in order to swing oh this feels so much
fucking better this is the way it needs
to be this is now I feel like spider-man
whoever thought that the other way was
the good way sucks
you have to be fair I think both ways
have the merits the other games I think
sacrifice the complicated web swinging
for other things you can do with those
buttons but look like look how much
easier I can get it wrong I'm still
swing and it's still spideyman just buy
a team and spy and it's still like it's
still uses that you have to swing on to
a real building mechanic oh hey yeah
that's the way to do it that's
absolutely the way to do it but you're
way slower with easy swinging on I seem
to be doing just fine you know what
really slows you down is when you can't
press the buttons correctly and end up
behind a building that you didn't want
to be behind that really slows you down
watch up faster catch this fucking car
yeah in Jack's defense an hour and 40
minutes and since it's not much time to
master the controls
now I'm now more convinced than ever
that you would love whether shadows yeah
it sounds like I would just also one of
the better zombie games ever made okay
shit yeah fucking spider man come on I
am I am almost convinced that at some
point its development whether shadows
was going to be a Marvel Zombies game
but they they changed things around
because they got cold feet I'm almost
convinced though yeah yeah yeah coming
for you shit
gotcha
you don't remember zombies and Webber
shadows well they're not zombies they're
they're people with venom symbiotes on
them that act like crazy people who want
to murder everyone this is nothing at
all like a zombie web of shadows is a
zombie game in disguise starring
spider-man fuck you all right we have to
have a web of shadows stream now okay
how do we play that again one again we
do we figure out how to play it
what was that ps3 Wii I think I could
just bring in my xbox 360 I'm sure I'm
sure I still have it
why be shadows yeah okay I don't I don't
throw stuff out I'm a packrat with games
yeah let me I'm just gonna double check
how much web of Shadows Xbox 360 okay
yeah okay yeah they're around they're
around for reasonable prices so they're
saying there's a PC port yeah but I
don't think it's very easy to find it's
not on Steam yeah we looked before and
it's it's it's hard to come across lower
shadows has the worst spider-man voice
ever yeah it's not a very great one no
I'll grant you that but there's more to
a game rather than the voice acting
crime doesn't pay
leave it to me
take that criminals haha I am spider-man
with the spider plan take in all your
money
wait it just makes more sense to let go
of the button to let go of the web right
Tech Tillie
that's that more closely mirrors the
thing that spider-man's doing is it cuz
all right in the comics the way I always
thought ya was he's still holding on to
the one web while he's shooting the
other yeah it's not a jump and then
shoot another web it's a swing shoot
he's holding onto both briefly let go
swing well what would make the most
sense huh is if the other shoulder
button was your other web swinger I
think it does that not miss remember
doing that in this game maybe it's part
of an upgrade but I remembered doing
that this game maybe I'm nuts maybe I'm
just remembering it wrong
well you you are because this this
shoulder button is run is run okay and
this is slo-mo time what's this is web
swing this is recenter camera yeah yeah
alright so I think you're nuts all right
the other way how are you web swinging
in this so the other way is you press r2
to shoot your web yeah you then you
don't have to keep pressing it you can
let go of it but then you have to hold
down the jump button what happens if you
press r2 twice the other way go back to
the other way just swing and instead of
jumping hit that our r2 button again
does it shoot out a second web I don't
think it does
we will see okay no yeah okay Chet I am
so fucking right you can take that
Mandela effect and shove it up your
fuckin ass oh there they come call me
crazy saying we just have the Mandela
effect fuck you
suck it suck it well yeah this makes a
lot more sense here I've been jumping
off my web every time okay yeah okay
this is a little more workable my
problem came when I was jumping off my
web every time and you can still jump to
do the super moves
yeah Oh see ya then you can then you let
go to let go of that first one yeah Oh
rich this changes everything
this is why people like the web-swinging
in this game they only did that in this
one oh okay
this changes everything yeah yeah jack
is bad at gaming says scorn 1210
absolutely absolutely
listen I'm sure after an hour of playing
a game you have mastered everything
about it you know not all of us can be
you scorned jumping is everything in
this game not left right living what
jumping you know did get made me move a
little faster you know you cuz then you
can jump off of stuff but but this is
more in line with how spider-man swings
yeah yeah and you get a little more
control and then you can like speed up
swing swing well what I can see I can
see it both ways I can see it both ways
good work jack I'm pretty awesome
spider-man I'm not gonna lie now that I
know how to web-swing I'm a pretty
awesome spider-man
wait I know I am thank you for saying so
go
should I read this should I read this
which one I'm thinking no it's just a
little bit too crude for crudeness sake
I'm gonna go with no I mean you don't
have to yeah you don't have to it's it's
strange yeah it is crude and it's not
necessarily funny it just feels like
yeah like you're being like that person
whoever wrote that assuming somebody was
upset with their landlord right and is
using our stream as a platform to and
slope them right so it's like a
mousetrap says you're a person in the
comic comments you also hate it Rich's
shirt that's here right there you have
that pretty nice pac-man shirt yeah I
hope that when you go to hell the only
video game you can play is the awful
Atari 2600 port of pac-man for eternity
oh wow
Oh number three we got number three over
and over and over there's only like five
different events in this pathetic you
know in two hours we've had three you
know like that's what I was hoping for
I'm not knowing the balloon one I just
need to get you down right
twenty-eighth dresses Jack and rich I
write for a cable drama and sometimes I
like to name characters after people I
know if I name characters after you guys
would you want to be heroes vilem
villains victims frauds first of all
look at this weird shit that's happening
on screen all the white has turned into
like checkered patterns you see they
have something to capture right I have
no idea fucking weird is that no look
it's the TV the capture doesn't show it
no it's showing up oh now it is yeah
that's weird it's the whole sky yeah
yeah I would like to be a villain yeah
yeah just cuz why not oh yeah I want to
see what they do it with it I'll be a
hero when I can punch Jack in the face
not my beautiful face all right what's
our up time now it's close enough mmm
it's if it's not two hours even we're at
like one hour and 49 minutes or
something right I see just switch it
over now oh no we are over two hours
we're good we're good
over writing data analysis I saw x-files
recently yeah and it is nuts some of it
do you think alien contact theories were
one plausible to a smoke screen by the
government to hide military weapons
testing or three a complete delusion of
sad weirdos complete delusion of sad
weird oh yeah and you know not even here
not even sad weirdos not even weirdos
just a complete delusion yeah government
smokescreen would not be something as
weird as alien UFOs also the amount of
people it would take to cover that up
who would then actually stay quiet would
be far too many someone would leak
someone would let that shit out and so
it's just it's just people who are who
make shit up
