Episode 225
Get Up, Get up, Get Over It!!!(Part 1)
December 11, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72v_JDVxY0M
___________________________________________

britches here comically early cop wheel
we're here we're early we're ready to go
instead of late night jack solo stream
we have a normal stream
yeah how crazy is that Lions get changed
around it's it's it's a modern world and
we are modern girls no we are living in
a modern no in material material be real
girl right let you say that part I of
court you can look anything you get to
sing those are just the correct words
rich I'm sorry that I'm being I'm being
faithful to the source material well was
the animals that did House of the Rising
Sun right they changed they change the
lyrics oh did that yeah they did a it's
a song song from the perspective of a
woman
lord knows someone there they change the
pronouns I think it's but a girl ends up
in a whorehouse as they believe what the
song is originally about House of the
Rising Sun yeah is it I I guess I don't
know the lyrics the House of the Rising
Sun no you know what let's um let's say
thank you to Mario Mario before I turn
on the Twitter which I forgot to turn on
oh no you turn it on look at that look
at that rich is on it yeah boom hello
good morning we um okay so this game I'm
a little obsessed with I'll be honest
with you oh good so what is this game
let's give it the introductory materials
here Jax
might not know what the fuck is going on
alright you are man in bucket okay hold
on we got a we got to do some you who
made this game
Bennet to Fadi made this game who is
most well known for making co-op QWOP
which is the the long jump game or the
technically the
hurdles and long jump at the end of it
right with the awkward control scheme
yes and this game also has an awkward
control screen you control the tip of
the hammer the tip of the hammer if you
see and so then you can you the only way
you can move is by moving the tip of the
hammer and your man in the bucket
follows along that's the whole game okay
and you have to climb a mountain and IMO
I started playing this the other day
just because I'll check to see what the
game is about to make sure it's
something we could stream yeah and I
became utterly obsessed with it good it
has actually a phone version which plays
shockingly well it has a version for the
iPhone and iPad that plays shockingly
well because I bought it for there too
because I've been enjoying it
is it actually easier because you can
touch where you want thing to go no it's
it's like can you control it anywhere so
like you don't want to touch it where it
is because um it's not a one-to-one
thing okay okay it's not a one-to-one
thing I'm here already like the the
mouse sensitivity I need to change a
little more intense than starting over
if you deleted your homework the day
before it was June as I have for have
you left your wallet at home
then you have to go back after spending
an hour in the commute if you want some
money at the casino and then put all
your winnings on Red's but it came up
flat if you've got your bitch shirt
dry-cleaned before a wedding and then
immediately dropped food on it
if you want an argument with a friend
and then later discovered that they just
returned to their original view I've
played this part if you're not ready for
that I'm number Academy that day then
what you're about to go through might be
too much
feel free to go away and come back so
like I know this part here oh fairly
well but as you see like thanks for
coming with me on this trip Ben rake at
any point just find a safe place to stop
and quit the game don't worry I'll save
your progress always even your mistakes
this game is an homage to a free game
that came out in 2002 titled sexy hiking
the author of that game is jazz or the
mysterious Czech designer who is known
at the time as the father of B games and
B games a ruff assemblages of found
objects designers slapped them together
very quickly and freely and they're
often too rough and unfriendly to gain
much of a following they're built more
for the joy of building them than as
polished products it to be really
careful because you can push yourself
away really easily this is a little like
was that was another Stanley parable
game follow-up oh the the beginner's
guide because this is a little beginner
guide well but whereas the beginner guy
was just a story this is yeah this is
more game than story
I'm sure the audios reminded me of that
narration yes agreed whoo hey what's up
guys what's up everybody welcome welcome
to the stream it's just so much
happening in the world huh
the mouse sensitivity isn't perfect yet
this is this is the only thing that
matters in this game is that mouse
sensitivity cuz like you find your flow
you know shit Oh what was that a lot of
progress
that was me changing my mouse
sensitivity maybe a mouse sensitivity
was fine the way it was it's fine right
how bizarre it's there it's very
compelling this game whoa you almost
fucked up big-time
I sure did it's very very compelling in
a certain way sexy hiking is the perfect
embodiment of a bee game it's built
almost entirely out of found in recycled
parts and it's one of the most unusual
and unfriendly games of its time Oh
that act of climbing but in the digital
world or in real life and certain
essential properties that give the game
it's labor no amount of forward progress
is guaranteed some cliffs are too sheer
or too slippery and the player is
constantly unremittingly in danger of
falling and looking everything anyway
when you start sexy hiking you're
standing next to this dead tree that
blocks the way to the entire rest of the
game it might take you an hour to get
over that tree a lot of people never got
past it pride and poke at it exploring
the limits of your reach ministry no
trying to find a way that's fine that
lack of compromise ah most obstacles in
video game worlds are fake you can be
completely confident your ability to get
through them once you have the correct
method or the correct equipment or just
by spending enough time in that sense
every pixelated obstacle in 60 hike what
the hell am i seeing you are seeing
getting over it with Bennett fatty no
Chet you're you're not seeing any
potential edged weapons because
everything is an edged weapon no there's
no potential do you guys see the pointy
end of this hammer
that's an edged weapon it's an edged
weapon what if the pot breaks open and
it has a sharp edge to it I was at the
hardware store today and I saw the the
key feint key knives from surviving
edged weapons they were selling them I
was so excited it's a key that's like a
switchblade in disguise at the hardware
store the hardware store they're selling
it at the hardware store Jack that's
great girls in 60 hiking are unyielding
and that makes the game uniquely
frustrated but I'm not sure jazz row
intended to make it frustrating game the
frustration is just essential to the act
of climbing and it's authentic to the
process of building a game about
a funny thing happened to me as I was
building this mountain I'd have an idea
for a new obstacle that build it tested
and I would usually turn out to be
unreasonably high but I couldn't bring
myself to make it easier it already felt
like my inability to get past a new
obstacle was my fault as a player rather
than as a builder imaginary Mountains
build themselves from our efforts to
climb them and it's our repeated
attempts to reach the summit that turns
those mountains into something that's
probably a speedrun of this game that's
just gonna make you feel ashamed isn't
that doesn't matter it doesn't matter
dude
gee if you're if you listen to the
dialogue which is really important if
you're playing this game you have to
listen to the things he's saying the
whole the whole meta-narrative of this
game is you know the journey doesn't
matter or the destination doesn't matter
as much as the journey and it's not
about how many times you fail rich it's
about how many times you get back up
it's freaking beautiful freakin
beautiful I got it I got it I got it I
got it all right now this is a really
tricky part we're gonna have probably
have some mess of the mouse sensitivity
a little bit like you have to be so
precise with your movement oh this game
this game is total already farty
bullshit and that is why I love it is
also totally from the makers of coop yes
but whereas co-op was just like a fun
little experiment I feel like this game
has
something to actually say oh here we go
that was it oh no that's art no no no no
saddle that saddle that like knowing
when to fling yourself and knowing when
to like slow your movement down it's
like really key to this game I really
admire this guy's upper-body strength
right what do you think he does but it's
a lot of body weight fitness well
obviously he does push-ups in a metal
bucket you know like no no no no
everything's a nice safe nice
no I you're not saved yet not saved yet
bitch no nor am I did I I didn't tell
you I accidentally went to church this
week two questions yeah how does one
accidentally go to church uh I'll
explain okay I'll explain this this
actually started like a month ago there
we were just driving down the road with
care and there was a billboard for a
play okay local hug and God bless
everyone and it built itself as a
Christmas Carol sequel Oh straight about
Tiny Tim they're gonna be playing this
at Christmastime
okay okay and Karen wanna go see play
let's go sing all right all right I
didn't I don't think about too much and
the play was this week okay and the day
I've actually kind of forgot about a
Karen reminder music we're going that
plate oh shit yeah yeah we're gonna play
we're gonna play
and I found out tickets were free and
I'm like well that's that's odd sure
it's not the tickets are free but you
know community theater but there was a
like a large fucking billboard and I saw
ads other places too for this like well
it's weird that this is free
especially because they've been
advertising okay sure sure
and and then I find out because like
this is current idea she wanted why
didn't I have been paying like hardly
any attention uh-huh and then I found
out oh it's at a church oh sure sure
okay and then we go there and oh my god
this place is fucking gigantic it's a
mega church oh one of those one of those
yeah yeah yeah
like this was a fucking complex you you
walk into the lobby of this place it's
just a fucking Church but it's like the
lobby giant glass windows three stories
tall there's like a cafeteria with
seating for like a hundred or more
people oh yeah just like a luncheon area
and this gigantic Lea long hallway that
led to the actual church area where
they're having the play oh man
say this place was comically large and I
get there are the play starts and it
seemed to play itself a little bit
jesusí uh-huh Christian this Christian
that we're good Christian folks
Christian Christian all right okay and
then they have the intermission and then
the leader of the play starts back up
after the intermission and then like
weirdly not like when the intermission
started but 10 minutes after like the
this is not the second act but just the
play had resumed after the intermission
yeah pastor walks out he starts giving a
full-on sermon wait like during the play
like that no like the place stopped like
like 10 minutes after it had started
again and the pastor walks out and talks
bang Jesus just open your heart and
there's this whole spiel anyone on for
like 10 or 15 minutes really yeah
interesting is that we're gonna get
butts in the seats they passed out the
collection pit plates of course as you
do of course of course as you do they
they had people and the
handing out you know these envelope
things you sign your name and pledge
your life to Jesus and then and then the
play went on the III was the the last
part of the play like the last act
I was just sitting there with my mouth a
gay because I I couldn't believe the
sheer gall all right
Tiny Tim was trying to save the the
local clinic that that phelps the poor
people but the greedy people have bought
the clinic there shady means and the
solution to the problem in the plane was
the whole community together whole
community of poor people yeah had to
take up a collection to give money to a
corrupt rich person and I'm like really
you're in this giant mega church do you
not do you not see no of course can you
not see the parallels here
that's great that's great right like
this place cost multiple millions of
dollars
I saw in the chat someone was asking how
many people walked out did you notice
anyone like just straight up and walk
out not that many but I noticed some
people that can come back for the
intervention like I noticed the row the
role that I haven't me and Karen ever
thought it was like the hardest-hit like
after the intermission we were the only
two people in a row really but that was
that was not that was the exception to
the rule
I did notice some people have left like
the parking lot afterwards I saw a
missing car sure I mean that's crazy
it's it but like you kinda have to
appreciate their ingenuity right like we
gotta get you know people don't want to
come to church we know that so how do we
just get them here
I know let's put on a play right so I
definitely like I like that I like that
they're thinking outside the box
still still chase just this this
building that caused multiple millions
of dollars and you know they get all
their money from people you know the
collection plate churches operate I just
the Gaul the end of that play the
resolution to the problem was for all
the poor people to give up all of their
money to the rich people can't see no
cuz that's the that's they wanna they
want to indoctrinate the lesson right
just give us your money will do good
with her
I think that's great that's great rich
that's funny no my sensitivity might be
too high did I give to the collection
plate I I felt like I should have played
for the play okay after the fact I kind
of regretted it because then I realized
well the people who are actually in the
play but probably not gonna see any of
this it's all gonna go to the past day
so I kind of regretted it after the fact
but this thing did
yeah but at the time I was thinking well
they didn't put on a free play
oh sure well yeah and like you want to
make sure that you you know you you get
you know you're hoping at least that
some of the money goes to the people who
yeah did did the work to put on the play
nope and at the time they put out the
collection plates that was before he
actually did the sermon so that might
have swayed me oh yeah but they did the
Plex in the collection played right at
the intermission because they probably
figures in some people but just looking
that's some galvo is like like the the
utter gall of just stopping the play to
do church like come on man you gotta
hide that shit you disguise that in the
play it's what you do exactly
when you were walking on I'm sure people
were handing out pamphlets so they did
that before we walked out that was
drafter you know during the sermon we
had some people at the end of the aisles
they have some literature whatnot yeah
and you know what that's to be expected
like out right yeah come come to church
see the free play and then you know what
we're gonna we're gonna sell you a
little bit it's gonna be a soft sell but
you got the hard sell yeah you got you
got the pause to play Church time right
that was no such thing as a free lunch
well yeah but for them to be so brazen I
have no problem with them like you know
passing out pamphlets maybe maybe
putting some messaging in the play but
stopping the play happens for adults and
pamphlets for kids
I grabbed one of each I haven't got her
audio and I'm just curious to check it
out lighthouse what does the sleaze
going on there a lot of sleep there's no
swimming it's probably all you know it's
just normal stuff like you know
community and bettering your life and
you know the word of Jesus can help
that's all normal Jesus II stuff I'm
sure how long was the sermon I was
tuning out during it you know I wasn't I
wasn't paying rapt attention ten minutes
no I wasn't a full on our right session
with communion right right and songs you
know yeah okay all right ten minutes
still though like that's something that
should be like okay now if anyone wants
to stick around after the play we're
gonna do a quick mass you know that
would be an appropriate thing so firmly
you know production value wise fairly
decently but that place has money to
spare oh yeah those mega churches are
something else
those mega churches there something else
you know like I grew up Catholic so you
know we I've been to I've been to a lot
of Catholic churches but those like with
the with the big screens and the sound
system and the full band like I've got
have you I don't know if you've ever
been to like any of those services but
it is a gosh-dang production like
there's like people on switchboards in
the back and music and lights and stuff
wow it's amazing it's a lot of money a
lot of money to be made can you do it
can you do it I did it this one is
really tricky because like this is the
first fucking one one first area is
there multiple Maps there's just one
long way up there's just one long way up
oh yeah yeah and there's a lot of places
that you fall all the way back down and
I've been there
but I figured like you know I practiced
a little bit because I wanted to you
know make sure I got a little bit far
for for the stream so like this area
I've been to before chit chit chit chit
chit this all would have no rainbow had
two eyes no tears this mouse is
something something else oh we have the
wire yeah yeah I'm not I'm not blaming
the mouse but I'm also blaming the mouse
I'm totally blaming the mouse is what is
what I'm doing yeah that's the
sensitivity but she changed really
interesting yeah
we can do this and yes of course this
game is made by the person who did clop
nope alright true-blue review says hey
guys just to get this out of the way
did you see the Game Awards or at least
the highlights from it the new death
stranding trailer and the a way out guys
shouting fuck the Oscars are amazing I
feel now is I have not had before you
know I haven't either because I don't
care about stuff like that I know
everyone and their mother is talking
about out that deaf stranding trailer
but it's like we know already we know
what it's gonna be
was there any game play I don't believe
so
yeah I I think it's just more weirdness
I so don't give a shit right I don't
give any shits like I'm not even curious
yeah wait till wait till we know what
the game is going to be then I'll start
commenting I heard a lot of people were
shitting on EA
yes which you know that's obviously nice
how do you feel about there possibly
being anti microtransaction laws I you
know there's loot crate's I saw that was
it a state or was it a European Wiley
well I think there's some European
countries that are having discussions
about this too but I know there's a
congressperson from Hawaii and that's
going you know whole hog
oh yeah well and they're they're kind of
lumping it in with their gambling laws
which it's not inaccurate that well
that's the thing and you know like this
reminds me a lot of in-app purchases
back in the you know when when iPads
were becoming big and yeah you give your
kid the iPad to play a game on it but
there's sneaky in-app purchases and you
remember those stories of like kids
racking up multi-thousand dollar bills
without even knowing yep and it's cut
you know it feels very similar to that I
don't know it's it's a whole it's a
whole
a lot of I don't know though you pay
money for the chance for a thing that's
different for paying money for thing I
agree well let alone loot crate's I've
never been a fan of DLC when I buy a
game I want to buy the whole game I
don't want to bite pieces of it later
right so I'm super hardcore
I'm not even I don't even like DLC
what about those vending machines with
the random things you get in an egg good
is that you can make that argument I
don't think those are as big a potential
problem as the loot crate's are because
you know games are big business
I don't think grocery store a plastic
toy machines are a big problem in
society you know chucky cheese is a
popular place oh my god
but i don't think it's that popular you
know it's not a multi-million dollar or
a billion dollar a multi-billion dollar
industry like video games are witcher 3
is the only thing that's done dlc right
of late a bunch of free shot and two
giant expansions one of which having
more content than many full releases
well here's the thing i I trust seed CD
Projekt RED mm there's a lot of other
viscous in devs but I guess publishers
that I I don't trust them to have the
consumers best interest at heart
right I know they're trying to suck my
blood yes I have I have a little bit
more trust in CD Projekt RED it's
pronounced pry act said the project
react
whatever whatever I don't give a shit
about that
it looks like projects and we're
American so suck it so we kind of do
what we want pronunciation wise and you
guys all have to deal with that that's
just that's just the way DLC and loot
boxes aren't really the same problem one
of these things directly led into the
other it was an evolution well we can
fuck people by holding out parts of the
game and charging them for it later
hey that's working out really well let's
let's be even more CD and we'll have
make their transactions it'll be buying
US time all the time now you know oh
you're not it's cancer that grew out of
the other cancer
say early wrong and you know well it's
all well-intentioned cancer like oh hey
we could no week admit it wasn't deal
see this the fucking endgame from the
get-go oh I don't know if that was if
you know the moment downloadable content
became a thing ye EA mentioned
microtransactions being the future like
like fucking eight years ago I think
there was a time in which DLC was
considered a bonus like a little I think
anyone who saw through that shit that
was a load of horseshit that that was a
bonus you know I sold it yeah a little
bit but that was bullshit that was how
they sold it what was the first DLC chat
this is my question for you shit like
are we talking like World of Warcraft
horse armor is the fourth first famous
one horse armor I said a Bioware game
was a was that one of the know what's
horse armor they sold armor for a horse
I'm saying just it was just very
unexcited but it was like four that was
nine bucks five gloves something stupid
for horse armor for armor for your horse
was oblivion to his oblivion okay and
you got armor for your horse sorry
you were nowhere near that rock you dick
every time I change the sensitivity my
hammer does crazy things
the mass effect to have the first DLC
that was already on the disk I'm not
sure about that I want someone link me
to an article or a video about the
history of DLC iMac I'm actually really
curious about that someone has had to
compile like the four that is the first
Woodridge be too honest to succeed in
the games journalism industry yes yes
we're back here huh we're just right
back here yeah
we're getting there this this little
tunnel here is a really tricky area this
little tunnel here it actually gets
easier huh
for a little bit and then and then
there's actually shit there's a there's
an area it gets a lot easier after this
tunnel and then there's an area that I
actually have not nope nope nope nope
what point is this not fun I don't know
I haven't hit that yet I am I'm super
into it I get it man I just I get it I
get all of it looks like what born to is
being teased is there anything you would
like to see in it blood-borne - I would
like to see more blood-borne in it I
know and we have no guarantee that's
blood-borne - from software did a little
like teaser and they showed like a
bloody gear or something like we have no
clue what game they are making a bloody
gear maybe they're doing a Gears of War
game they're gonna throw everybody off
there's like a bloody rope or something
yeah
no-no-no get within me a piece still in
quiet conscience gosh dang it this is
the down this is the downside of also
playing this on my phone yeah because
I've gotten very used to touch controls
okay and I started playing this on the
computer and then I was enjoying myself
so much as I saw that he also had a
version for iOS and I was like oh this
would be a great
which-which film series would you like
to see have a Groundhog Day style and
Stallman Star Wars is already a thing
because it's the same thing I just want
to make sure other people die because
that was a really clever joke and I just
didn't want that to fall on deaf ears
the deaf ears of the people you know you
cannot now believe that you will ever
feel better but this is not true you're
sure to be happy again and knowing this
we're truly believing it will make you
less miserable now Abraham Lincoln so
the invisible string says yep visible
strings give him the way nothing but
trouble ended what kind of sequel do you
think Aykroyd had in mind the judge has
a second contraption house in the city
I don't did he have a sequel in mind I
don't know that he did no I actually I
don't think he did have a sequel in mind
I think I think I think he what he had
was like more of a movie in mind and
that's just what he could make I think
he wanted nothing but trouble to be
bigger than it was
goddamnit rich why won't you wildly
speculate would a blood-borne I guess I
really want to see a monster with with
three heads and a giant sword boom done
great wait the monster has a giant sword
we have a giant so both grows with a
giant sword fuck yeah fuck yeah and then
a giant axe forms out of the monster's
heads yes and swings around yes there
you go oh it's good speculation man I
don't I don't know what you want I'm
sorry I don't know what I can do with
that I think that's literally what they
wanted what about doom to hell on earth
again well but I I won't be shocked to
the next doom takes place on earth
though they'll do their hell on earth
the reboot hell on earth
sure that's fine that's just a setting
yeah got back there I got back that rich
look at that all right we can do this
this game looks like it's covering of
crappy game design with arty-farty
bullshit
I think it's deliberately crappy game
design though like I said this is the
guy who made co-op the point of which
was awkward controls
that's like saying like you know Octodad
is just making up for its awkward
controls by putting a funny octopus
right like no that's the point that is
the point it's a gimmick is and it's the
point Oh like this and yeah I can
completely see just someone hating this
game this is one of those it's one of
those games like yeah if you read the
Steam description for this game benefit
he says like I made this game for a
certain type of person to hurt them like
this is not a game for every settle down
now settle down settle down
No
Game of the Year predictions it's it's
just gonna be do McGann Jim didn't come
out this year doesn't matter I don't
care about these arbitrary game Awards
best of the year whatever it's it's just
gonna be breath of the wild everything
is gonna be breath of the wild every
every every breath of the wild is gonna
win a lot is my prediction it's like I
feel like the left-right sensitivity is
more in tuned than the the up-down does
that make sense do rich and Jack really
think highly of breath of the wild
themselves I thought I was pretty good
yeah it's not my favorite game of all
time but it was good I like the open
world I like the go anywhere aspect to
it
like if hard-pressed for a game of the
year like that's probably what I would
choose I appreciated that there weren't
invisible walls everywhere yeah combat
could have been better but no they did a
lot of things right
combat could have been better could have
had some better dungeons but positives
outweigh the minuses yeah totally and I
like I think I had more minuses than you
in general but but yeah totally I
totally agree because the objects and
the stores are trash I don't mean they
look bad or that they're badly made I
mean they're trash in the way that food
becomes trash as soon as you put it in
the sink
things are made to be consumed and used
in a certain context and once the moment
on was transformed into garbage what
else came out the shortage of Technol
horizons Messick don't put breath in the
wild over horizon yeah you know what I
would do and I like to rising what else
came out this year okay don't get too
crazy I'm gonna fall off this thing no
no this this has a nice wide thing to
land on all right and like you kind of
have to like this one you have to like
what choice to yourself up like that to
get to the next thing I've done this
before I've gotten past this already
dead soldier dead cells we have it's
great it now vastly outnumbers and
outweighs the things that are fresh
oh yeah that was fun I can't wait for
them to finish on dust his cultural
trash that I had a lot of fun with that
and like I had so much fun with that I I
decided to not play it so I could wait
until their trash culture B games B
movies
be music be philosophy so Game of the
Year means something to you like I don't
know I guess breath of the wild didn't
have that much competition huh I'm
trying to think of other games a
landfill with everything we ever thought
of in it grand infinite I'm saying this
is not an area you want to fall from
it's this part over here genexus fanfic
novels scan magazines green screen I
don't know and I have Taylor Swift
mashups car crash epic failed gifs
Russian dash cam video Mik ribs
discarded forgotten unrecycled muddled
rot he's just like giving us some beat
poetry right now that looks fresh for
about 6 seconds until some newer thing
beckons and we hit refresh and there's
years of persevering disappearing into
in this gas yeah there's a small thing
to catch you but this is as far as I've
gotten anything okay this is it I've
gotten this far this is it and so
everything else will be new and by the
way yes he just said shift referring to
making a gif of something so he this
game loses like a lot of points because
he pronounces it Jim here's I'm gonna
weigh in on gift Jeff are you I
personally would prefer to call it a
gift
yeah but the fucking person who created
it calls it a jiff and I can't fold
somebody for calling it a jiff sure
see how's the little that was the little
thing that catches you if you if you
make a mistake and so there's like a
tiny little catch but if I if I fall
here it's a long fall especially because
the Jian give us four graphic graphic
yes I agree but person who created the
gif or the gym calls it a jiff yes so
they named the fucking thing that's what
it's called nope nope nope nope
so if somebody else wants to call it a
jiff I'm not gonna give them shit I
think you know we all we all have to
like take a stand somewhere on these
controversial subjects okay and that's
that's where I'm taking my stand there
squeeze your body in there please I
think you're gonna have to flick and
catch you no no no you got it now this
but like I said I've never got this is
this sitting on this rake is the highest
I've ever gotten right yeah I have no
idea what's up here gif sounds better
but I've always thought Jeff was more
appropriate because it's like jiffy
ie quick no but it's it's a graphic
image there's nothing to do is being
quick right G is for graphic oh oh good
okay I can take that this happens every
once in a while like a little song plays
if you mess up the tinder says to either
of you have a fear of heights don't most
people that's an eight from our monkey
days right
that snakes spiders
it's not crippling but yeah I mean I
don't like Heights
it's a quick little video rich back in
the day was like the only oh well okay
also guys a gift doesn't have to be a
moving picture a gif is also just an
image format it does it yeah like a gift
doesn't have to be a moving picture it's
just a it's just a way to encode your
picture file but animated gifs predate
streaming video yes so this would be a
video format that's big no just we can
do video with this isn't that neat yeah
and back in the day they weren't quick
let me tell you in the the 56k days that
shit took forever to load
well Jack give up after he inevitably
falls down that pit you guys need to
know something
this is a game that was made
specifically for me and I think that
this is one of those arty-farty games
that does the game play enough right
where I am so locked into it this this
is the dark souls of arty-farty rich
where you know you get one shot to do it
right but the the mechanic I understand
so much I'm really I'm really into this
why did you do that quick oh my god can
you just ease yourself down on that
slide I could but I like I need that you
know it's a no no no that wasn't me that
wasn't me that wasn't me
well sure it is I could see it know it
like something you know sometimes the
mouse hasn't it feels like it has a mind
of its own not just your mouse like just
the mouse in general it feels like the
the ax or the hammer moves with a mind
of its own
I said Zack is too says hey Jack and
Rich missed out your previous streams
and I missed my monthly tips so here's a
little extra to make up for it oh thank
you and spread some holiday cheer much
appreciated
much appreciated Jack would appreciate
it to me I appreciate it and welcome
back is he's on the edge of a cliff
welcome back fighting for dear life
falling off of this thing is where it
gets terrible if I sneezed while you're
trying to do some of this wouldn't
that's you know I'm hoping that I would
be able to handle it don't you fucking
do it anonymous says speaking of nothing
but trouble the host of last podcast on
the left are petitioning to raise the
rotten tomato score from 8% to 22% is it
good enough to deserve that score oh
sure look it's a she score Oh what were
you slicing right and file say yeah I'll
say it's worth the 22 percent I don't
know like I you know I I get it like I
mean I get it
favorite podcast it's been so long since
I've listened to any podcast the last
one I was since it was the hardcore
history one listen to object I Lauren
norm MacDonald's one a bit does that
technically a podcaster just like an
internet streaming show both norm
macdonald live I guess it's a little
both
taking it easy oh I bet I'm gonna have
to jump over there to those boxes these
fucks I don't trust those boxes Jerry I
can't there's no way I can climb up
these uh this slide I don't think shit
shit shit shit shit shit shit
everything's fine so you're gonna have
to launch yourself first right first try
first try that's what we call some elite
gaming fuck where do I go now
they're saying that was plush I bet I
have to go up now if I go down I don't
probably up all I gotta do some
exploring no domes gonna probably land
you on top of that area you came from
right that's why I got to do some
exploring here how long no I think I got
to go to that hey sure well that we're
going yep I slice liftoff I slipped off
I think this is where I have to go yep
this is it this is it this is what I'm
supposed to do this stupid fucking game
I love it I don't know that I like their
floating boxes well listen no no no
settle down settle down oh my god
fuck
why are you going fast you don't always
have a choice it's alright that's
alright we're not we're not all the way
down we can we can stand with you being
here
Swedish AI sus hey guys hi bought Friday
the 13th game on Black Friday sale great
I suck at it
ok but would have sucked more without
watching your streams of it well there
you go
2nd driving and you hardly ever get the
chance to practice a lot of people don't
like driving and before escaping they'll
ask if anybody wants to drive haha
always always volunteer to get you
practicing even if you suck volunteer
you know and and we what we've learned
you know from seeing Rich's amazing
driving ability is like a good driver
can make the difference between can make
the difference between you know a good
run and a bad run life or death yeah
yeah like you get you get someone who
knows what they're doing behind the
wheel and and you're you're the hero oh
yeah that's great feeling
they nerf Jason in the latest patch yeah
haven't played in a while anyway nope
nope
is it mandatory for a good driver to run
over the other counselors with zero
remorse only if they're deliberately
getting in the way of your car because
they want to ride sometimes you got to
do what you got to do yeah sometimes
I've had people try to force their way
into the car and yeah II can't tolerate
that shit yeah
when you're driving you're the boss
you're the captain yeah and so you know
you got a you got to make the tough
calls that not everyone's willing to
make fuck fuck fuck fuck I I had
somebody once yeah I was playing a game
I had the keys
this other guy wanted to drive and they
were toting around a shotgun this is
before this is before they patched out
being able to kill other players and I
did not trust this person I smelled they
were a troll and they were gonna take
the car and bandit everybody you're
driving into the lake or no bullshit
yeah so just blatantly lied so yeah
let's hop the keys by the car and then I
got in the car as I was getting in the
car yeah he was shooting he shot at me
with a shotgun I was safe in the car
didn't it was a guest of ulnar ability
while you're getting into the car or
whatever the fuck it was but yeah I saw
that coming
dick what a dick
