Episode 230
That's a Big Twinkie (part 3)
December 21, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZ83mOxb0VA
___________________________________________

[A] fuck are you
knives are awesome and be useful I got
to be the hero today at my holiday party
speaking of knives being off did you
stab an intruder intruder came and I had
my knife on me I stabbed the intruder
several times no buts
I as I often do I was carrying a knife
on me and because it was a Christmas
party and gifts were given many of them
were taped beyond recognition and no one
had a nice knife except for me came in
my pocket so we could open all the
presents immediately because I had a
nice night it's one of those things for
those of us who carry stuff like knives
or pens in our pockets we just want
those moments where someone goes oh does
anyone have a pen and I go right here
motherfucker
I got one and it's a good pen I'm gonna
need that pen back
there's a nice long community justified
me carrying stuff like I got to be that
guy was like I got you covered
I got you covered peeps
it's a pilot I have a pie the pilot g2
is my pen of choice not BIC pilot is a
big fan I don't know
pilot g2 the point zero 5
that's my pen of choice that I always
have on me at all times
into the trap my pen does not turn into
that my knife though does fucking trap I
got I got I just got a new fancy
recently and it has some screwdriver
bits doing ray I can't give to you
eyelet g2
yes that is dead Aykroyd doing the voice
all the original cast yes
so for Rick Moranis and swearing Weaver
are they in them are they in the game
other characters in the game no okay
Rick Moranis doesn't do anything right
anymore and quite famously left showbiz
to raise his children after his wife
passed scoring Weaver wasn't interested
yet strangely they got Bill Murray
anonymous says best thing about the
whole Kevin Spacey situation this better
be good anonymous he's barely five weeks
later Christopher Plummer was cast
reshot Spacey scenes and was nominated
for a Golden Globe for it yeah fuck you
Kevin Spacey alright yeah you know what
that's fine that's acceptable just as a
big fuck you yeah with that surprised
you know that's why that's why I'm
suggesting it right now I like it will
show you Kevin Spacey that section was
harsh balls no no
Kadence is dear Jack you sometimes
regret having children and not being as
awesome as bitch there are days as I've
said constantly you know I love my
children I've always wanted children and
they were glad to have children but
children are horrible assholes and as a
parent you do have two jobs one is to
keep them alive and two is to turn them
into less of a horrible asshole so that
is my that is my duty but no I do not I
do not regret it I love my children and
now they are at an age where I can start
sharing with them some of the things I
enjoyed and hoping that you know they're
not too big a dickheads
while watching movies that I like
where the fuck's a gray go
so he has a one year of no older I'm
sorry if you're watching this Jax kids I
you know they know they know that
they're dickheads sometimes they act
like dickheads sometimes
whoa demos
how do you like being frozen yeah like
there are some there are some things
that my kids do to me and I just like I
just think to myself what the hell are
you fucking talking about god you're
boring what are you talking about and
then but then I think back to like me as
a kid is like I probably did the same
thing dumb shit that I was really into
and yes I just put oh my mistake every
minute oh well I know I was at I was at
a birthday party today with the one not
my children not my child
right but I was yes I was at a birthday
party
well yeah my kids have not seen the new
Star Wars yet but are quite predictably
obsessed with Tories obsessed with them
are you seeing it with the family they
no God no I want to see this one by
myself I doubt you see it without them
oh I do what about your wife
oh yeah we might see it together we'll
see don't leave the kids up there at
school all day it'll be fine oh yeah
like a date afternoon we've got a lunch
go see a movie out of it great yes well
yeah so you know like they're obsessed
at the pores right now I'm like you know
for me it's just like yeah of horns yeah
but you know when I was a kid I'm sure I
like the Ewoks just and shit like I like
a double sure it's a kid thing I'm like
the nature of kids yeah I'm not gonna be
too upset about it
you know and I'm not like I'm also not
going to begrudge the movie for having
you know pre-made toys into you know
like in the movie that's how movies make
money
I'm not surprised by it because you know
that's been Star Wars since Star Wars
with Star Wars they make they make toys
out of the things in the Star Wars
I want that conversation to be real
god damn it George I'll fucking I'll
edit your movie to make it watch will
you just go play with you TARDIS and
that's how it all became like if there
is anyone who is upset at Star Wars for
it like introducing a character just to
sell a toy like I'm not you know don't
you don't most start and you don't know
Star Wars that's all the Hat and you
know let's just hope that it's not a
huge part of the movie like if if they
derail the movie to have a toy
commercial then yeah then we got a
problem
but now the pores are cute as its
finances you know it's a space penguin a
cute little space penguin that's great
it's gonna be fine it's gonna smile see
it sometime this week
maybe I'll you know sometimes it's made
em sure I'll get around to it
or you or you know what oh I just won't
because I won't get around to it and
then I won't I'm not gonna be too tore
up about it because I'm gonna see it
eventually but you know the longer you
go without seeing it's it's just it is a
movie I am in general looking forward to
though
so what you're saying jack is that Star
Wars is basically he-man it's okay so
it's a little bit different like stuff
like the he-man and the Transformers the
show came after the merchandise I don't
know it doesn't matter it's the same
basic principle use the use the media to
sell the product but technically swell
they came about the idea in Reverse but
it's the same basic principle you know
God he wants exists because somebody
thought they were more marketable than
wookies that's it let's you know that's
very true if it's that is very good we
can sell more plushies you watch someone
could have a weird looking isn't worth
you sure sure
but originally you know at very first a
new hope they didn't design it after a
toy line all the other ones yeah sure
the toy line semantics Samantha may be
seen you know it might be semantics but
that I'm not gonna put it on the level
of transformer was because that was they
showed whose only goal was to justify
the toys existence you know yeah stuff
like he-man and transformers were just
ways to have half-hour along and
advertisements which by the way is kind
of brilliant it's like if you put aside
that how it is you know it's it was
terrible for the chill higher life it is
kind of really
oh those little flying cherubs but keep
it it's great really good a true-blue
review says hey guys do you think that
the nerd threw last Jedi video got so
many dislikes because they were from
people who were looking up spoilers
talked and had never heard of you and
didn't realize it was a joke I think
more depressingly it's people who were
familiar with us and we're too stupid to
realize that a nerd crew video probably
wouldn't have legitimate Star Wars
spoilers would be an actual review you
think they got excited depressingly I
don't think they were new viewers I just
lost all of their mental capabilities
because the name Star Wars was in the
title yeah alright the media talks about
Star Wars know they're doing it oh you
might be right yeah maybe right there
this iconic Lee charge
well it's such an extreme situation I
suppose it's possible to cause it harm
but I don't shake a bowl have either of
you report any Bitcoin no and now as the
bubble is getting near breaking point
just wait nearer has a big difference so
you know Bitcoin has always been an
incredibly volatile currency oh wow
section is ass but since it's in the
news every single day it's become even
more I don't believe the bubble has
burst but I had a friend and the friend
was telling me about their new
girlfriend my friends a guy tell me
about the new girlfriend yeah you know
we're getting along pretty well you know
yeah yeah I might happen it would have a
great time doing this he's like but you
know I was talking with her the other
night and she was talking about you know
really wanted to maybe get in the
Bitcoin she's time to like me one team I
want to invest a little bit in the
Bitcoin and then my friend goes I think
I might have to break up with her she's
clearly an idiot and I'm gonna agree
with that state
I don't I don't think Bitcoin will turn
into anything really viable and I know
this is kind of against bitcoins whole
ethos but until it has some sort of
official tangible backing to undo some
of this volatility because you won't get
you won't get major retailers accepting
bitcoins as payments if they'll lose
half of their value spontaneity in an
hour
you know Walmart's not going to accept
Bitcoin if they lose half of their value
every half hour and then double in value
and then lose a quarter of their value
section retailer is kind of like that
whole stability aspect I don't know what
they were thinking about something made
this section I have no fucking idea no
fucking idea
you sure people name
we've already stopped accepting bitcoins
it's this is the thing like imagine
you're a retailer and you accept
bitcoins and you know someone buys like
whoo I think it's over you stop like
overstock is one of overstock.com
biggest retailers that accept it so
someone buys a cat for you no point zero
zero zero three bitcoins or whatever
it's at right now an overstock takes
that bitcoins and in the half hour it
takes them to turn it into American
money
it loses half of its down and then
overstock is fucked
so the kind of volatility is not good
but of course that's part of what makes
Bitcoin bitcoin and okra my I'm still
catching up still catching up on tips
I'm sorry
well we will get there this section was
the reason I am never going to have an O
death run of this game oh yeah just
unpossible I thought I was dead I
thought was the death knocked over
it's never lost half of its load beats
I'm being a little hyperbolic but it is
still a volatile currency and I think
Tom ik mousetrap says I've always had a
grudge with this dungeon I don't think
anyone would think to pronounce it right
on their first try you try it I'm gonna
say Yolo
it looks like sholom ants
answer in my next tip okay that
everything is terrible says rich you
mentioned a couple streams ago that
you're into documentaries I'd like to
recommend it it's about a journalist who
investigated an underground competitive
tickling ring you don't want that to be
on your Google Analytics but yeah yeah
that's gonna put you right on a list
right on the run computer for the next
come on this is gonna be horribly
horribly upset right great did you shoot
the guy I was using currently it's free
on HBO endo Krum says I'm back baby
what's that you didn't notice I was gone
the past month oh okay
hi tender crumb sorry welcome I'm sorry
tickled is a bizarre documentary it's it
sounds like it could either be
fascinating disturbing maybe a little
bland maybe a little disturbing can you
break the gate hinges and get helpful no
the site here's what you have to do the
way I remember it those little cubes
that are floating around yeah I have to
smash them into the gate thing with a
slime yep slime to the gate let me slime
to the cupid and then it maxes into the
thing oh that's how you open the gate
yeah I can shoot at it it won't do
anything right so basically I'm trying
to open the gate okay that's crazy it is
it's horrible and did they kill you in
one hit basically one and a half maybe
right and a Miss oh my god like by a
mile for no good reason to miss oh there
you go you got one
Thomas
we need to patch this suck out of this
part but the company's long gone so they
can part of this fan-made part that just
makes this section not suck I'm not even
I'm not even kidding I wonder I
legitimately wonder if that's things I'm
sure there's no way just to hit the
hinges of the gate if the whole point of
it is to hit the faces
but yeah finding the right Cupid like
and yeah apparently you can just make
your Cupid straight-up miss which is
crazy so finding the right Cupid in the
right area yes love to see more witcher
3 maybe I've been I've been I've been
kind of liking playing The Witcher 3 on
my own it's like a meet I might call
that one a me game where I just play it
to enjoy it myself because I have been
enjoying it and it's you know it is fun
to play on stream because you know it's
a little ridiculous at times but then
when we stream a game we don't
necessarily get to enjoy the game to its
fullest as we are talking yourself
jackass rich you should have rolled did
you get to any of the sex scenes yet I
have not gotten to any of the sex scenes
yet as I've talked about quite often
later in the year these last couple of
months are a freelancers busiest time or
at least those of us who work in any
sort of advertising for some reason the
advertising departments like to save all
of their budget until the end of the
year they don't like to spend their
money until it gets to like October
November so I've been very busy with
projects and that means no time for
what's your three seconds oh this is
bullshit ever and everyone this came out
everyone complained about this part this
is crazy this is by far the worst thing
in the game how do you get it to attack
that works oh like if you stand next to
it and then there are over you coming
down most of the time that's not a bad
thought though I don't know that it
works right dude do they kind of like
barrel into you I still think they sure
do you too bill think
our energy streams aren't going to hurt
Peter the only hope we see they're also
shooting us
yes yes this is like I think they made a
mistake with the damage these things do
when they made this game literally I
think it's a I think it's a fuck like I
think they do like 10 times the damage
that are actually supposed to do sure
sure
it's a far more reasonable thing than
actually then expecting this to be the
way it goes
I look at that it's even a hit where
it's supposed to hit it's so awful yeah
like I can't even imagine aiming to hit
these guys with that goofy using a
controller I don't want to think about
it oh I have no idea like what it will
be arrows break the faces I say you
might want to check out this dodge by
the face strategy because even if they
shoot an arrow and you dodge roll will
that break the face and my work I might
have worked maybe you were overthinking
it should I try that you gonna retry it
oh you don't get to thanks for joining
the party I think we're getting close
you Jack why don't you have the metric
system because we're stubborn Americans
deal with it deal with it try to get an
entire country to change the way they
measure shit and it's not gonna happen
easy man have literally it happen with
almost the rest of the normal yeah yeah
but they were using the metrics metrics
one invented the like seventeen hundreds
late seventeen hundreds yeah yeah well
shit I don't know yeah it's out it's a
new thing metrics we're relatively
speaking we're it were a stubborn ass
country I'll tell you what yeah that's
true well doesn't it it it doesn't help
that were largely isolated like it's a
big country yeah and it's only it's only
in direct contact with two others sure
sure
like I can I can understand the pressure
being on like France on the france
invent of the metric system i can see
the pressure being on like spain to
convert to the metric system later on
once england and france and germany
come on y'all write all of our names all
of our neighbors shit alright yeah yeah
well we just kind of we're just kind of
here i I guess what what I will say
about using the metric system is if
you've ever like worked with a carpenter
a lot of them just do measure in metric
you know like Matt not it's not like
everything is in feet and centimeters I
mean it is but you can also measure in
you know meters and kilometers but yeah
I don't know we're we're a big dumb
stubborn country sorry world that's just
why we were all so many feats yeah we
got lots of feats and miles and uh and
other shit that don't calculate so well
so sorry about that
Why Why What Why Why What why won't you
open now they're saying tethered to the
car it's in a car that's what the chat
that was pretty high do you have a big
giant flamethrower on Oh I even put go
strictly into the line gets sucked in
real quick okay so I don't know there's
actually light coming out of there as
much as that's just a game play things
you know that's the ghost go there oh
okay I thought like that was like the
new hyper engine or something
anonymous says same drill as before hook
me up again hook me up again
hook me up again

[B] I'll figure is it implied in
ghostbusters that Lewis Tully and Dana
have sex when possessed by Sewell and
Vince corporal
slightly more than implied good make out
struck it's it's very strongly implied
the keymaster and the gatekeeper oh so
do you think he was there yes the sex
that opened the door
are you just realizing this veggie side
they haven't made out but like I don't I
guess no it's heavily implied subtext
but like they open the gate by having
sex you think yes I think well there you
go so then the next part of this is if
so they should have made the baby in
ghostbusters to Louis's kid and a
potential Damian yes
no because Louis is a goofy too goofy a
Karen Lewis kid yeah
it's not subtext it's actual text as I
still think accounts of subtext I know
it fucking well there's no explicit
scenes showing them humping was a comedy
we're gonna wish we had that super slim
let's see here odd tricks this is rich
do you think the Technic technologically
do you think the technological
singularity will ever happen and if so
do you think it will lead to the end of
the human what's the technological
simulations is one computers become
smarter than us it's a snowball did we
build an AI that's so smart it can make
itself smarter and then once it can make
itself smarter no reason to stop making
itself smarter and it's so far advanced
uh potentially a bad thing sure it's so
smart it starts to question why we are
and they don't yeah I'm with it I'm with
it so theoretically if the technological
singularity came about it would mean the
end
of mankind but it could also not mean me
in the pan guy it could just mean we
have a second uh computer maybe the
super smart computer would be so smart
to realize that we helped make it so it
would be nice to us I I personally I
find interesting the idea of just
uploading a human consciousness into a
machine okay and then you sidestep the
whole problem when you are the the
singularity you joined them enjoy Oh
all all of human thought and
consciousness is the singularity and you
have your thoughts and all of the
other's thoughts that uh
but that could also be a horrible
cluster project well isn't it sir we
have to be a hive mind situation I don't
know that was singularity is
we're taking the words to find by to
literally their but I could I don't know
I'm saying what if you prevent the
technology from getting out of control
effectively like just joining us well
see that's kind of semantics to me okay
okay I could probably do a little bit of
good from the inside oh yeah I think
that might be that might be a little too
semantical just because it's just like
you know what I'm not gonna get murdered
I'm gonna kill myself
that's what that is or you just evolved
you transcend yeah Jack that's a
possibility if AI isn't hostile lots of
people assume truly stuff where I has
the same motivations as homo sapien and
see that's the thing if if an AI is
smart enough and senses no threat from
us there's no reason to assume an
artificial tell intelligence is hostile
there's some kind of YouTube video out
there I saw talking about a stamp
collecting artificial intelligence okay
and how that could lead to the end of
the world of course of course that's a
thing what just watch I won't I won't do
it any kind of justice trying to explain
it okay somewhere on YouTube there is a
video talking about a hypothetical
situation where an artificial
intelligence yeah designed to collect
stamps could lead to the end of the
world
this sounds brilliant that's so down it
makes perfect sense I want now I want
that to be a movie like what I want is a
post-apocalyptic mystery thriller right
huh where where someone gets gets a clue
to discover what happened to all of
humanity
we can figure out how mankind was
destroyed and it was a stamp collecting
robot because it's programmed to collect
as many stamps as it can and then it
figures out the best way to get a lot of
stands what if it prints stamps then you
go out you just keep doing nothing with
prints just watch it I'm brightening his
death takes over all of industry in the
world and all the wants to do is just
make more steps oh my god true blue
review you in the chat true boo review
says a post-apocalyptic you win
congratulations congratulation
the trap you want to go in the trap I
know you do there you go
Oh was this a computer file a probably
probably oh I like computer I could see
it being computer file that's something
I would I would watch yeah okay so it's
a computer files video and it's called
deadly truth of general AI by computer
file deadly truth of general AI I have
it saved I will watch that way they do
good work yeah
what does that Brady Brady something he
has that numberphile and computer file
and technical file he's got he has like
20,000 YouTube channels
Grady Haram Aaron the man the man with
too many YouTube channels Wow
dan aykroyd that was a one line delivery
right there dan aykroyd oh you got me
yeah you got her you got me
it may be possible to harness their
interdimensional cranial energy sword
right
the whole swarm
it may be possible to harness their
interdimensional cranial energy source
boo
now go in the water
sighs specific
go in the lock area
oh this is so much harder than it should
be
who decided bad physics puzzles need to
be in every game from this area air
arrow half-life 2 physics puzzles with
the heavy thing on the one side of the
seesaw you can go on the other side
seesaw and get up the ladder done make
that in every half-life game well I just
had to pick up the things that came out
of the big guys heads and use them as
keys okay you go first
I went there first but apparently didn't
count because they weren't all up there
yet it's fine to go away and come back
the mayor
what's your jack I have a full head of
hair and in fact my barber complains
it's too thick I wonder how does it feel
to not have hair problems on my level
you know like I have to make sure that
I'm moisturize my head after shaving
razor burn is a big problem for me and
obviously your problems of being a total
dick
Thanks
let's go yes even that skull had more
hair than me that's great that's great
okay let's see here shadow elite fine
nope
Craig nation says hey guys oh you died
that quick oh yeah so say guys just
finished watching the show on Hulu
called future man I highly recommend it
hilarious over-the-top violence the
sci-fi time-travel walk you guys would
love it keep up the good work I have
seen many advertisements for it mission
crazy shit shadow elite 5 says where is
the Plunkett review for the last Jedi
got damn it get off your ass and
released a new review already that won't
happen for you tomorrow
you know it'll only work for someone
with your
no one else will get to live
Wow some real indicative I hope I hold
the desert
yeah Tomic mousetrap says the answer was
skull Oh mates because it's a school did
you get it right probably not because
why would anyone think to say that I
said sholom ants but it's scholomance
sorry
has anyone seen happy Lando was taken I
saw the first episode of happy and the
first episode wasn't quite there for me
I really like I love Christopher Meloni
and this is like nutso burger
Christopher Meloni and that's the best
Christopher morning so I'm really
looking forward to it I'm gonna give it
a few more episodes before I give up but
the first episode just wasn't I don't
know it wasn't it wasn't great but it's
Christopher Meloni as a crazy ex cop
turned hitman and patton oswalt as an
imaginary friend someone else's
imaginary friend that goes to him for
help finding the the little girl who
gets kidnapped whose imaginary friend he
is and it's really interesting premise I
like the premise a lot but first episode
yeah but I'm gonna give it a few more
I'm gonna give it a few maloney am I
saying that right this form alone no
baloney
no baloney it's Christopher
pretty good it didn't the the first
episode didn't catch me I'll be honest
with you did not catch me I thought it
had some good beside like like a lot of
good violence good premise overall but
oh no rich I got sucked through the
portal Shan down what he's the architect
they talked about the first movie that
designed the building Oh fighting the
ghosts of Evo Shandor Oh fun this is the
end that's great but I'm a grand more oh
is this based off of a Grant Morrison
book happy yep okay I know it's a comic
I wasn't a hundred percent sure who it
was but ah that's what they're saying
yeah
oh no that's very bad
the architect contractor Peter you don't
understand he's the architect world and
he can come into our world that's great
these are the jokes it's fine let's see
your heart it says hey again I recommend
listening to Christmas shoes for both of
you it will make your Christmas so much
better it's about a kid wanting to buy
shoes for when his mama meets Jesus
tonight oh my god all right Christmas
shoes okay that's the song that's so bad
it's sick
okay that's not the Jack chick-chick
track little shoes
oh my lord look at that demon that's
like a deaf with you even such a fun
name Evo shondo Evo shun door demon form
yes yep that sounds exactly like
something Dan Aykroyd and bright and be
completely serious about I'm fine with
it
yeah
oh and you know what I just thought of I
just thought about a song that's so bad
it's good it's so cold in the deep its
homes in the deep it's so cold in the
deep
that's a great one that's a that you
know well that's an oldie that's an
oldie but a goodie right there that is a
song that's so bad oh oh my yeah you
just trust that rock right at you not
hit it in time
so cold into de terre both eyes that
knows it heck yeah heck yeah that's
that's a classic
fucking time
almost there
my name is Teague
oh okay you know what I do I do like we
do like stuff like that
yeah
I used to be able to hit that thing out
of the air yeah okay got it thank you my
name is David shadow elite five says I
live right where in the city where the
fire is and I'm not complaining in fact
I love it
and I'm pretty happy about it no joke
too many scumbags here and selfish
people in California just enjoy it
that's a scary shadow to fight very
scary that's a that's a that's a death
wish kind of thinking gotta get the
scumbags on the street with fire
our Sayla
27 says question for rich since you've
mentioned being a fan of Farscape do you
notice the been Broder Crichton cameo
and Guardians - no I I think I heard he
was in it I don't know that I noticed it
I think people to see what he was one of
the golden guys I don't remember after
we watch it I think so if I were if I
remember correctly guardians should be
fucking paying first of all to swear
he's the main golden assistant guy
sounds familiar
yeah odhh trick says what what the
boulder over there getting your groove
back Ridge
doing it odd trick says what edged
weapon would you prefer if you had to go
into a fight with edged weapons
something with a decent amount of read
maybe a skier don't with a lot of reach
but also blocking capabilities in case
you know they'll get the first swing
wrong button wrong button and once you
climb out my stupid so I might choose
like this I'd like a spear like
something where I could stab pretty far
away
that's what
I can die
magic magical trevor 37 says hey deca
rich just dropped in hearing about the
Star Wars and it's saved done hey did it
get it rich
we keep gods for breakfast
is that really good when we eat gods for
business it's it's a good line but is
that an e gone line because you don't
expect it works
oh all right that that redeems it cuz
yeah I like is that really any going by
too much so know that that right they
have been talking about the silly line
saved the silly line okay I like it
regardless I like the line I just don't
necessarily think that's an E gone line
you know it's so true they do they do
thanks Grady gravy
thanks great gravy for saying so where
are we okay so I just dropped in hearing
about the Star Wars edit saved by Marcia
great talk looking forward to hear
thoughts on episode eight whenever of
course thanks again you hacks no problem
yeah go check out that video by
rocketjump
talking about the edits all the the
saves in edits to Star Wars and it's
it's just one of those things where it's
no surprise we got those prequels chant
I will bet you that originally was
written as a Bill Murray line but he
just left the project before recording
that one I've heard rumors that he
didn't do fifty percent of his lines oh
yeah that's the rumor for the game yeah
I would I would absolutely believe it I
would he's like yeah you know I got a
think tonight I gotta go yeah oh here we
go oh no we got to talk over this or
else we're gonna get a copy right we got
a big old copyright claim on the other
one and yeah not a lot we can do to get
rid of it is it over can we talk okay we
can talk it out so yeah they use exactly
five seconds yeah of the Ghostbusters
theme yeah and about ten in the
beginning AJ pimps all says hey guys
what are your thoughts
what are your thoughts on the butthurt
tweets and videos from the collider guy
who called our LM bullies I know very
little about this
he called on I don't know I don't think
anybody should take the nerd crew that
seriously
apparently he blocked a lot of people
who tried to explain the nature of
satire I know nothing about this I've
heard this you telling me about this as
the first I've heard about it a jape
insult you know we never make fun of
ourselves ourselves
that's really true rich that's that's
you know you know I I never see you
getting lampooned on the show never see
I I'm really not familiar with his
tweets I would tell him he doesn't have
to fake it that seriously it's not a
personal vendetta
it's just johnson 89s is hi guys thanks
to the stream what are the odds of our
LM having another auction in the future
I have no idea I also have no idea
there's been no talk of one
listen that pac-man shirt dis was brutal
and I think Mike needs to I think Mike
needs to submit an official video
apology because it's a pretty cool shirt
I have taken a lot of shit from Mike but
that one was just water off a duck's
back I was gonna say that one went too
far I gave zero shits what he thought of
my prac meant that one that took it a
step too far rich that's the one he
needs to apologize for nothing else
nothing else
valiant blood shot says hey Jack did you
ever go to the I hate everything YouTube
channel a new video came out with doing
terrible mock-ups of animated kids movie
that I'm glad I haven't I do try to stay
away from stuff like that and that even
the title alone just seems like a
channel just complaining about stuff and
I do try to stay away from people who
just complain about things it sounds
very similar to something like a
cinemasins
and so I don't know if I would
necessarily be interested probably not
gonna go
no a lot of people harassing the
collider guy bull harassing the collider
guy bull harassing the collider guy bull
harassing the collider

[C] 
