Episode 112
Ghostbusters (2016)
July 18, 2016
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-ghostbusters-2016/
____________________________________________________________

half in the bag cup this in good shape
get closer
oh hey Mike oh hey new chairs yes there
are different chairs so not the old
chairs no no they are new chairs will
things be the same or different things
will be the same so just new chairs yes
we will be sitting in new chairs you and
I will be the same our movie review
discussions will be the same just with
new chairs yes new chairs new
ghostbusters
nope
you
hello and welcome to half in the bag I'm
Mike and I'm Jay and we just got back
from seeing the new Ghostbusters movie
oh hey new chairs
those are nice hey it's that rich guy
yeah shit I thought he was dead
hey didn't you died almost you see uh I
was floating on that giant bouncy castle
way up high in the sky and there I was
riddled with bullets my body was slowly
bleeding to death and I was about to
breathe my last breath when suddenly
whatever he says it's gonna be really
stupid my floating bouncy castle bumped
into a UFO what he said was really
stupid it's just terrible writing and
the alien this took me aboard their ship
they patched up all my wounds they even
made me immortal they showed me a cool
new way to drink beer or something with
sparklers it wasn't for me oh shut up
did you say that you were made immortal
yeah yeah I'm basically impervious to
all harm now especially bullets hmm Jay
how do you kill an immortal I don't know
do you think he's a vampire well he's
certainly pale enough to be one hmm he's
just not sexy at all no God no I can
hear every word you're saying they have
super hearing vampires holy shit
I've reassessed my thoughts on this well
if we can't kill him maybe we can make
him want to die hey rich do you want to
talk endlessly about the new
Ghostbusters it's finally arrived the
most politically divisive film of the
year a fucking Ghostbusters remake guess
that's where we're at Mike what did you
think of Ghostbusters 2016 well you guys
are gonna hate me again but I loved it
no I'm just fucking with you it was the
biggest piece of shit
I've ever seen well that's uh it's a bit
hyperbolic Mike it's not a piece of shit
it's it's a giant fucking pile of
garbage oh I I would say it was better
than the first pixels what do we think
of these ghostbusters are they to be
taken seriously it is a remake almost
yeah beat for beat Paul Feig did not
want a third one he did not want it to
exist in the universe you could very
easily have made this a soft reboot yeah
you know Bill Murray's doing his thing
you know
whoever's doing characters from the
original movies is still around you guys
want our old equipment it's in storage
it's all dusty you know it wouldn't make
any difference here's this existing
property and yet at the same time now we
can make it our own and Katie Dippold
and I were allowed to then create a new
origin story for it and find the new
seeds of where the various iconic things
like the the ecto-1 and the proton packs
on the logo and all that come from that
was really fun do you think of this
movie went into production after the
force awakens came out and was a huge
success they would have approached it
differently because that's one where
it's it has the same characters from the
original it's sort of a passing of the
baton thing and that was you know went
over pretty well with people I'm
wondering if if this movie just came out
a little into production a little bit
later if they would have maybe gone that
route because it was so successful with
force awakens yes to answer your
question yes the force awakens was
masterfully done in soft rebooting a
series and respecting the fans you know
everyone could say man babies you know
basement dwellers man shrill children
whatever you want to call them but
people are big fans of stuff and JJ
Abrams and the crew behind making that
movie knew not to fuck with the fans and
don't make a big pile of shit
yeah or call the fans assholes and
dickheads when when they call you out on
disrespecting the property JJ Abrams
didn't have a vision of Star Wars that
was fucking terrible
aside from Leslie Jones the other three
actresses in the movie I think have done
quality work in the past Paul Feig has
done quality work in the past and this
doesn't this feels like pixels it feels
like generic comedy made by no-name
director uh with actors just doing
whatever they want but we laugh a lot
and I'm sort of the worst perpetrator of
ruining takes because they'll be in the
middle of something and I'll burst out
laughing and is ruin everything
so I was they always movie further and
further away from the head they're
supposed to be scientists and yet when
they're doing something scientific
they're making goofy observations or
like eating Pringles and saying stupid
things and the biggest shock to me was
that the most consistent performance in
the movie was Leslie Jones she felt like
a real person when she wasn't screaming
which which was the worst stuff in the
trailer is her and I was like oh fuck
but in the movie she's the best one
she's the most likable yeah she feels
like a real person most of the time this
is this is why it doesn't matter if you
pass the torch or not it doesn't matter
what the continuity is with the old
Ghostbusters the these these characters
don't work together and very quickly
said okay these people have four very
distinct comedic voices and I think
these will all mesh together then we
brought them together the chemistry was
just insanely good well and ultimately
we don't do a lot of just straight-up
comedies on half in the bag because
there's only so many ways you can say it
just wasn't funny but this movie it just
wasn't funny
let's go let's go
Oh do you want sorry so I'll let Li do
it they dry no they pointed a camera and
Paul Feig said improvise and then the
Kabul scenes together there's a lot of
just bad jokes let me stop you there
rich there are not jokes I mean fun it's
it's very like surface-level funny it's
very like okay you know isn't it I was
thinking of a scene and it's Melissa
McCarthy walking around in and
somebody's at the door and it's the
ghost trying to get in right yeah and
she's constantly talking and I was
thinking of that scene when when they
drop off Louis Tully at the Ghostbusters
thing at the ghostbusters firehouse
right and it would be like cutting to
egon walking up to the door
oh are you bringing my pizza Oh hurry up
last time you brought my pizza you put
too much anchovies on it made me gassy
oh oh it's the police yeah what I mean
you got to say anything it's like they
feel like they need to constantly be
attempting essays yeah yeah and then
that would be okay Melissa walk up to
the door but say something funny will
you walk up to the door yeah
Wow my feet hurt I gotta get new shoes
oh my bunions oh that's funny everyone
starts laughing let's leave it in yeah
dropping off a picking up dropping off
just a moment dropping off or picking up
funny that's funny
it's routine they bring crazies to the
Ghostbusters house we got it
we don't need them just to make jokes
about farting or poo and there's like
they're both in the first five minutes
of this there's so much poop and fart
jokes in the first five minutes and it's
like we don't have we are not writing
comedy lines we are not writing good
jokes we are not even staging the humor
that line dropping off or picking up is
funnier than 15 minutes of talking about
pooping and farting all that and and
it's it's that it's that like
and a wife farting they're talking about
queefing mature there's a big anatomical
difference seeing when it was just farts
it wasn't funny but then they said it
came out the front and that's when you
start laughing ah there there was scenes
that that Paul Feig pointed a camera at
them and said say stuff the worst
example of that was Kate McKinnon I
think she's a good performer and here
it's like she's just unleashed Paul figs
and do whatever you wants so there's no
character she's just weird and mugs a
lot she's doing her best fire marshal
bill impression so you mentioned when
you're talking about the the beats of
the original movie and all this one
repeats and you mentioned there's the
the part of the movie where they get
popular and all known that doesn't
really happen in this movie no they go
to a rock concert and then there's no
escalation of them catching more ghosts
anywhere else they just do that and then
they're in the mayor's office so this
seems like you guys got to stop being so
well-known it's like they made one
appearance one place you have to show
that you got to show these things you
need them Bing on Larry King Live
talking about Elvis speaking of Larry
King Live we have here in front of us a
bottle of Cristal head vodka produced by
Dan Aykroyd it's the best thing Dan
Aykroyd's produced in 20 years a
disclosure we were not paid to endorse
this product by Dan Aykroyd
unlike all the products in the new
Ghostbusters movie we'll be ordering
Papa John's Pizza later
busting Papa are you crazy he's my best
customer
eating Pringles and eating Pringles now
this is this crystal had Zoo it's very
nice apparently it's very very
high-quality vodka according to Dan
Aykroyd okay very good well this is this
is you like this is clean vodka this has
no glycol a lot of lesser vodkas have
IOT freeze glycol and they put him in
there for smoothness he was on Larry
King Live Hawking his his uh his vodka
him and Larry had a shot yeah very nice
I think it almost killed Larry King oh
boy start of the ruination mmm but we're
gonna sample this now now we're going to
drink to
Harold Ramis Harold Ramos rest in peace
Harold Ramos
that is a smooth vodka that is a good
vodka yeah very nice yeah yeah you know
what we should do we should mix the Dan
Akroyd vodka with the Ghostbusters ecto
cooler whoo all right now think tank
what's the name of the drink has someone
done this already I'm sure somebody has
to have thought of this right if not
we're coining it um Slimer Slimer that's
pretty simple unfortunately we cannot
find the cans so we have these tiny tiny
uh the ghost bender that's pretty good
one shots worth of Dan Aykroyd's Crystal
Skull vodka and I guess one container of
ecto cooler and for those of you in
China you probably will not feel the
urge to drink heavily after ghostbusters
because you probably aren't going to be
able to see it yes your communist
government thinks the movies witchcraft
um imagine this was the amount of shit
in the originals the new Ghostbusters
imagine a Twinkie 15 miles long weighing
35,000 tons that's a big flop was there
anything you liked about the film let's
start let's start with the silver lining
here over over are off our thundercloud
I liked kind of like the first Iron Man
movie where there was a lot more of the
the evolution of their tech than in the
original movie I think I would agree
with you there that I think that was the
only stuff I liked it was kind of dull
oh I've never I've never been so bored
watching people develop ghost hunting
equipment when moment they Sony put out
a phony story where there were actual
scientists involved in the science of
Ghostbusters can we talk about Sony now
they're the worst I think I think I'm
starting to hate them between this and
the spider-man movie and pixels and all
those Adam Sandler movies stuff the
fucking product placement and there
they're desperate for a hits rich rich
and I were talking about this before the
movie the only division of Sony that is
successful right now at all is their
video game stuff is the PlayStation and
everything else they're just like
scrambling like they wanted to make a
cinematic universe out of the amazing
spider-man they want to make a cinematic
universe out of fucking ghostbusters
and everything they try just comes
across as desperate the most pathetic
thing was at the the post-credits scene
and spoilers if you are very excited
about watching the post-credits scene
total ripoff of the Marvel stuff yes
host credit and they introduced Azul
even though this is a completely new
universe disconnected from the first one
I remember zoo lore desperate
those Gosar's ol was just one of the
dogs oh sure
I mean the whole goes earth that whole
plot it was unimportant well you know
they got that wrong and the very first
thing they got movie wrong was the EVP
it's a central electro voice phenomenon
it stands for electronic never once have
I heard anyone on the planet Earth say
electro well you would be the expert in
this you know it you know what they set
up early on in this that I thought they
would pay off kind of related is they're
watching on TV there's like a ghost Bros
type show like uh what is that
ghost adventures with zak bagans but
they they show on a TV screen there's
one of those type of shows and Kristen
Wiig is like these give you know
paranormal investigators a bad name I
thought maybe they would bring that in
later and that would be an element of it
like they're constantly dueling with
these these ghosts bro guys it's like I
would have been kind of fun to have like
like phonies and then the real
scientists having the ghost bro guys
show up and get their asses kicked
yeah but then the problem is that the
real scientists don't act like real
scientists they see a ghosts and they're
eating Pringles and making jokes and
acting like idiots
Oh what they act like characters on
Nickelodeon children's science program
that are wacky where the wacky
scientific the stereotypical scientist
guy in a lab coat with the crazy white
hair and the big glasses with the tape
in the middle that's kate mckinnon
performance i just fuckin harold ramis
as Egon Spengler I don't mean to keep
going back to the efficiency fair
because it's a Ghostbusters movie holy
shit we're off the rails again we are we
are not being spawned we are not
sponsored by Dan Aykroyd in any way but
we really like this vodka mr. Aykroyd um
it is very good it is good yeah very
nice yeah yeah Bill Murray
isn't it briefly he looks like he could
not give a fuck any acts opposite
Kristen Wiig who also looks like she
could not give a fuck Bill Murray comes
in the room and immediately sits in a
chair for the rest of his scene and I'm
just thinking like that's all he wanted
to do is the only way they got him to
said I thought I thought initially that
first the first cameo we see by Bill
Murray he's on a TV program and I
thought that was it I thought that was
gonna be a - that's I thought that was
gonna be like I thought that was like a
green screen in his living room they
just wheeled it in Bill Murray plays a
guy who wears a weird hat as a cane
who's the D bunker of paranormal stuff
he's essentially the Walter Peck
character who just comes around and says
what are you doing I don't like you
except for the Walter Peck character had
major consequences he had a purpose in
the story he had a purpose of manners
and he was he was right he was right he
was right to want to investigate this
completely you know unmonitored
scientific equipment he was just doing
his job working for the EPA but so yeah
Bill Murray is that guy he's that guy
but they don't he doesn't have enough
scenes to complete that character now he
just shows up at there they have a there
Ghostbusters headquarters is above
Chinese restaurant
Bill Murray shows up he's like why are
you pretending the to catch ghosts I
guess it down
returning me he does not try to even say
anything funny he could not care less I
did like in that scene there backstage
at the concert they're looking around
for the ghosts and there's mannequins
and the mannequins start to move and
Leslie Jones reacts to it as if she's
scared and she's the only one in the
movie to do so to ever act like these
things are spectacular or amazing or
scary Leslie Jones stole the move Leslie
Jones stole the movie which is the most
shocking thing because she was the worst
part of the trailer right she's
screaming and the stuff that's in the
trailer that sucks also sucks in the
movie um you think the editor of the
trailer had some kind of beef with mrs.
really no other explanation for it yeah
you know quickly I saw the dislike
numbers were going up very fast and it
was this thing you're like I mean you
know look people plenty people I'm sure
didn't like it and I completely get that
you
can we talk about how this film started
it's so bad it starts off with Gabe from
the office yes and Gabe is giving a tour
of a haunted mansion and the scene is
approximately 40 minutes old knocking
around and he's basically setting up
this long story about how a ghost lady
who stabbed people in the eighteen
hundreds of locked in a basement it's a
really elaborate backstory it's a very
elaborate backstory which has no purpose
right whatsoever he also he also started
you also in the original you started
subtle it was it was books flying around
behind somebody yeah you don't even see
the ghost that scene you see here yell
into the camera yeah yeah and and in
this one it's like the floor is
exploding and chairs are flying and
slapping in midair they're landing in
the walls oh my god no no build-up to to
the ghost activity and again I keep
trying to look at this as its own movie
without comparing it to the original and
that still fails as a scene even it's
separate from the original movie because
of that because there's no build-up it's
just slimes bubbling up from the ground
the stairs are collapsing and there's no
tension because we don't know who this
guy is or what's happening the bad guy
of this movie who by the way is a thinly
veiled Ghostbusters fan is it thinly
he's a thinly veiled fanboy yeah and
shows you how much this movie absolutely
hates its core audience yeah you could
see it after the fact like after the
trailer comes out and gets all these
like horrible negative comments but
while they were making the movie they
weren't alright of that so it's weird to
have such a yeah this is sort of
undercurrent of I think they just
anticipated it they just expected it
everyone's gonna hate us so fuck them I
do want to talk about how we talk about
like the bad guy with his ghost devices
yes this is just this is just mean one
of the things I like about the
Ghostbusters and I touched on this when
we did the review it's it's science kind
of conquering superstition it put
science up at a pedis
went away your science is the villain
nerds are the villain science and nerds
can say it's the Ghostbusters reboot I
think any comparisons to the original
are completely fair yeah well I think I
think we as we mentioned earlier Star
Wars got it right some people don't like
it but as far as bringing in new
elements but still you know keeping the
elements that will will ease people in
from the original like that's how you do
it if you have to milk these franchises
which they do that's how you do it no
you gotta yeah no I'm tired no no I'm
just gonna go ahead and take off how
about that I don't really think that's a
good I don't going to take off don't
piss off the ghost really you have a
Ghostbusters it's it's it's a thing the
original 1984 Ghostbusters you have your
bad guys you have your ghosts you have
your your your characters and and things
they say and they took it and they made
like a negative bottom out of it like a
film negative where it inverted
everything all the way
yeah the genders except for there were
three black ladies and a white lady but
you know what I can't go that far it
inverted inverted the genders and
inverted except for Janine wasn't a
bumbling brain-dead moron that is
something I wanted to bring a sassy
smart lady who didn't take shit quick
better jobs in this Ghostbusters what do
you want well uh what about this one
that's one of my favorites uh I think
you might have made a mistake I don't
think that one's for us oh no no that's
that's for you no I just thought the
floating hot dog implies it a ghost you
told me your work gets more cerebral
than I expected Susumu
and Winston Winston zetas Moore was not
a sassy back talking black guy that
knows the streets that knows the street
was not a stereotype the fact that
Winston was black was incidental yeah
this whole movie is like right now we
have a new
our Wars series going on that's gots you
know different genders different races
all working together it's not made a big
deal of The Fast and the Furious movies
different genders different races all
working together not made a big deal of
this movie they seem to be really
pushing that angle the the women power
thing and because they flip it in the
most simplistic and dumb way it comes
across as really reductive and stupid oh
wow they didn't take the Leslie Jones
character to the nth degree like I
thought they would not based based on
the trailer was like oh no but then she
turns out to be the most grounded
relatable character in the film but also
related to them don't know why she quit
her job just to randomly join the
Ghostbusters though because they needed
to have that beat from the original
movie yes scream but but related to that
a ghostly voice oh my god let's listen
to see if we caught an electro voice
phenomenon oh my god that's racist I
can't believe they said that that's
amazing there are spirits among us
well what I keep saying is if you want
to have people rally behind something
and people are really getting behind
this some people are really getting
behind this as some sort of you know
feminist thing why this movement this is
like a corporate product that exists to
sell Twinkies we got to put a lesbian
feminist twist on this that's another
thing Kate MacKinnon's characters she's
well she's a lesbian in real life came
again sure but she's officially supposed
to be a lesbian Ghostbuster because she
makes several passes at Kristen Wiig in
the film Paul Feig said I want kate
mckinnon to be a lesbian Ghostbuster and
Sony said you know why does Sony sound
just like George Takei
oh yeah it's smooth is it's nice a good
vodka yeah vodka people are totally
gonna think we're sponsored by full
disclosure we are not I repeat not
endorsed by this product well Danny
Aykroyd has a financial investment in
this new Ghostbusters and we're ripping
it apart so I think we're saved that's
proof enough that we're not 80 proof oh
snap
hey guys check it out I was born to be a
Ghostbuster all right oh man that's so
not good
but then the bad guy ghosts he possesses
uh Chris Hemsworth yeah and then Richard
Richard I just need to stop you you you
consistently I'll always say Chris
helmsworth
Hemsworth tens worth I'm sorry
you should apologize I'm sorry Chris
Hemsworth apologize to the guy named
Chris Hemsworth who constantly thinks
you're talking about him
why is which Evans talking about me
does he have mental problems is that why
he's so confused about it he just drank
a whole bunch down plus Evans keep
talking about me on that internet
program but in the film the very awkward
scene were possessed
Chris Hemsworth is he thank you he's by
the building with the ghost machine and
the army comes to stop him and then I
guess he's just one ghost but he
possesses the entire army himself he's
the power to do anything and then he
makes them do this and you're waiting
for the dance number to start out once
all of the army and the police force
just send this like pose like this and
it never happens and it's so weird that
everyone just stops to do this and
they're frozen like that for the rest of
the the scene which got the one laugh
out of me and the whole movie is all the
army is frozen like this and then the
Ghostbusters show up and they're walking
through this crowd of frozen army guys
like this and Leslie Jones goes why are
they all like this and that made me
laugh oh well that was some mundane line
of Dallas I know and it made me laugh
because it was a mundane line of
dialogue you know there made me think of
the original movie but I chuckled one
time in the film and it was when Chris
Hemsworth said can I bring the cat to
work mmm and then which led to some
really awkward improv yeah and then yeah
no it was it was that made you laugh
that whole improv scene that whole
exchange or he has a dog but the dog's
name is Mike hats like it so they
thought he was talking about my cat but
he meant my dog whose name is Mike it
was so bad it was
not a space car there's multiple levels
there's multiple levels cuz it's not
just Mike had because at first he says
my cat yeah right then all he's bringing
a cat no it's a dog oh it's a dog named
my cat and he says no the dog's name is
Mike Mike hat that's where you can see
the wheels spinning from behind the
camera and Paul Feig yelling no say this
now but then they tied it up with a nice
comedy bow when they said no the cats at
my mom's house oh yeah
and I was like sold I don't know if that
was Chris Hemsworth's brilliant
brilliant brilliant Anna oh fuck you and
something he's just started improvising
jokes and the ladies looked at me like
did you write that for him as like I
he's off book he's going for it and who
knew that he could be that funny I knew
he'd be funny I didn't think he could be
hilarious and it was so disconnected
from everything else in the film that's
how you know when the Improv is
happening is when the characters stop
acting like the characters as written
like a Kristen Wiig she's like a wet
blanket through this whole movie but
then there'll be a couple of exchanges
between her and Melissa McCarthy where
you're like okay they're just they're
just you know riffing off of each other
and it feels completely out of character
from what the character is supposed to
be or it's just it just feels like
everybody doing whatever they want will
cobble something together an editing and
then that's it that's just because you
hate women well of course I never felt
like a threat in this movie there isn't
what are you talking about the entire
city of New York is under attack the
entire the entire threat the villain is
just an excuse to shit on nerds
mouth-breathing nerds that that that
people who normally consume your product
listen say that they're fighting the
Ghostbusters logo at the end why does
this movie why does this movie actually
hate the Ghostbusters so much that the
main villain has to be one people are
pointing out specifically the moment at
the end where they shoot it in the dick
is like some declarative thing I
anti-men thing but more so than that it
is the fact that they are fighting the
Ghostbusters logo but when was
Ghostbusters like a testosterone-driven
male thing we're not never was weird is
that this turns into an action movie at
the end when that's never what
Ghostbusters was about no it was about
them like like I don't know what we're
gonna do he's making it up as they go
along and using some kind of science at
the end to figure it out if you wanted
to take a match Oh manly man movie and
flip it Ghostbusters is not the
franchise to do that is you take a road
house
yeah or something like that Top Gun Top
Gun die hard I are yes yeah not a movie
about a bunch of schlubby exterminators
that are losers right Ghostbusters
doesn't end with them being awesome
action stars
it ends with Egon being terrified beyond
the capacity for rational thoughts
exactly Bill Murray doesn't care Egon
doesn't know what to do no one else
what's going on ray fucks up ray fucks
up they're not like popped in there
you're not like doing ninja flips and
whipping ghosts around with their proton
packs
privative is this movie has no idea what
it's doing well that's the thing what
that's the big question if they're the
big like push is girls should feel
empowered by watching this movie if you
don't like this movie
you don't like females in movies as
leads and all the nonsense that comes
with all that but what is the ultimate
point like what what are they trying to
say do you not I mean
the point is they're trying to sell Papa
John's pizzas bustin papa
are you crazy
best customer I think the point is that
women can be the leads of shitty
comedies too but they can have it
already have the female equivalent of an
Adam Sandler movie this female
protagonist male protagonist I don't
care as long as the movies funny I've
watched many film especially science
fiction films with a female protagonist
alien 1979 Terminator Terminator Sarah
Connor Captain Kathryn Janeway who's now
an orange is the new black he's great on
that show yo fucking bill the bride is
fucking awesome yes she is if I break
the first one down the grounding the
actual framework is starting and growing
a business is very much what it's about
this one is there even is there even a
scene where they they have the brilliant
idea to start a business or is just I
mean is there something I'm forgetting
they just kind of get kicked out of the
college and it's like oh well I guess
we're ghostbusters now for whatever
reasons ray call it fake call it blog
call it karma I believe that everything
happens for a reason I believe that we
were destined to get thrown out of this
dump for what purpose to go into
business for ourselves
there's nothing there's not that scene
where the here's the idea here's our
fate it's just yeah you get a car and
you're gonna kavya chol was gonna be a
curse I'm sorry my uncle owns a funeral
home not an Enterprise rent-a-car check
to see there wasn't a body in the back
oh I don't really know you getting yeah
I mean I was gonna hurry
I checked with you you had gas that was
more important so there is body rejects
she likes that type of stuff yeah I can
think of seven good uses of a cadaver
today no dr. Frankenstein we got a turn
in the body if there's one in here well
we're gonna thing we have to do now
because this is a Ghostbusters movie and
we need to you don't seem to have any
sort of goal like in the original movie
they have a goal and it's different for
the different characters like with Egon
it's very much about the science and
expanding on you know yeah you know the
science for Bill Murray it's about
making a bunch of money because he's a
scam artist and this would be a woman
and or sleeping with you getting a
chance to meet women through his company
in this movie what is their goal to
catch ghosts because it's called
Ghostbuster I like ghosts and what goes
okay to be fair Kristen Wiig wants
Redemption or she wants her reputation
sure to be proved right she was trying
to become a tenured professor and that
her ghost past that seems to fall to the
wayside exactly but but she's she loses
that and she wants to yeah show them
that there's an agreement early in the
movie that her and Melissa McCarthy have
had kind of a falling out and so you
think like oh that's going to be the
movie is them sort of learning to work
together again or be you know mend their
friendship that happens in the first 10
minutes and then it's completely ignored
until the last 10 minutes
when they bring it back and she goes in
a stupid scene yeah because women have
emotions where's the look the business
growing where's that we're not getting
any calls
oh we're start starting to run out of
the
- okay this is the last of the petty
cash drop the last of the free cash they
use it in this movie to buy Papa John's
papajohns.com they did focus more on
like we're building this this the the
kate mckinnon character is like i'm
working on this but every time her
character was on screen I just wanted to
kill myself because she was so so
cliched as this the real side she's
lacking yeah we're rock solid sulla Egon
Spengler and once they get the firehouse
and money from selling Ray's parents
house from taking out a third mortgage
on it all of a sudden they have proton
packs and they don't show how they build
them or anything they just have them I'm
okay with that
but if you're going to approach a remake
or reboot whatever from a different
angle the tech is a good angle to take
and they do a little bit of that but not
when not when you don't believe that the
characters can make the tech oh sure
sure I'm just saying like if that's what
they were going for that's a good angle
to take sure they just failed at it yeah
it's sort of like this like cruddy junky
steampunk e-tec yeah and and it's like
it's like okay I could kind of believe
it but it has us this unbelievable
fantastical element his head was in the
clouds he he he was so focused on his
science that he couldn't deal with
people like people yeah that's why you
believe that Egon could build a proton
Paul don't forget they slapped on the
scene at the very under the film work
kate mckinnon attempts to give a
heartfelt toast and it's very awkward oh
yeah that was horrible
that's you to come wait I hear an EVP an
electro voice phenomenon it should have
come did y'all hear that ghostly voice
you know you know what's funny they
couldn't catch one fucking ghost
they're the Ghostbusters and they don't
manage to successfully hold onto one
fucking ghost in the entire film well
they hold onto the they escapes yeah
the dragon goes escapes no no Christian
way lets it out
well Church to prove to Bill Murray that
she's not a fucking fraud because she
had to prove that she was a fucking
idiot all women are idiots I mean shit
cake shit prove she wanted to prove that
she was not a fraud to Bill Murray
because that was her care for her she's
a tenant soon-to-be tenured professor in
physics she had to prove that to a man
who did not want to be there yeah or a
man who she could care less about em
friends no friends here's what should
have happened put Bill Murray in a
different role have Charles dance come
in place of the Bill Murray character
versus a gator that's been established
earlier in the film that that comes back
and then gets his comeuppance except
hurrying over Kristen Wiig Kristen Wiig
I'm here to tell you that officially we
are firing you from your position we
took a leave of absence but we are
firing you because of your kooky beliefs
in ghosts flick you turn back home
ghost boom out the window ya bum
comeuppance well technically that would
net our character set up okay so Mike
would be in like a killer there would be
maybe it was an accident oh oh she
thought it was just gonna spook him and
then it pushed him out the window or or
plebian your he says there is no ghost
in that trap Frank Kristen Wiig you're
crazy you know there's no ghost in that
trip you're a fraud no no no Charles
dance don't hit it don't hit it oh yeah
oh yeah
yeah yeah so yeah wait I think there's
an electronic voice electro electro
voice phenomenon coming on do you guys
hear it let's listen to the audio tape
oh what an odd product place do Pringles
I guess they needed it no one's thought
of Pringles in like 20 years yeah yeah
they picked they picked Pringles because
it's a the most feminine product because
it very vitiate very SH the shape of it
simulates a maxi pad and Paul Feig said
that's a product for women that's a chip
for women so Mike would you recommend
Ghostbusters well J and rich I would say
stay far away from this film it's not
funny
which is its biggest detriment you think
everyone was touting the comedic talents
of Kate McKinnon Kristen Wiig Leslie
Jones and Melissa McCarthy but when put
in this theatrical disaster are horribly
unfunny it's juvenile its tasteless it's
dumb it's forced it's disgusting and
most of all it's pathetic and desperate
and that's they feel bad I would say you
should not feel bad for not liking this
movie for not wanting to see this movie
you have nothing to feel bad about it's
a shitty comedy
give it four months and Ghostbusters
will now only refer to the 1984
Ghostbusters you're not gonna have to
distinguish I would agree with you if it
wasn't for all the controversy that's
the only thing separating and that's the
thing too is like months and months of
people arguing online back and forth
about this movie was all in service of a
completely forgettable bland remake
congratulations Internet you wasted your
time
is this a remake of the old Ghostbusters
with the monkey in it it took you this
long to get there
well guys I think we should get back to
work
how about some sandwiches you bye I'll
fly yeah fly off a bridge hopefully oh
oh that's a fucking great one sure why
not
I'm immortal assholes fuck
I can't wait to outlive you guys so I
can take over this business you know
according to this magazine the VCR
industry is about to boom baby rich the
magazines from 1982 but oh
who's the idiot now yeah oh fuck
hey J you know what I hated most about
the new Ghostbusters movie is the fact
that they're all women
