Dec 9, 2010
When Red Letter Media Met Tommy
youtube.com/watch?v=T4RsfhKgxFk
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/12983036412952576
redlettermedia.com/when-red-letter-media-met-tommy

okay all right we're rolling right now
school
which rarest we are in the lobby of the
Oriental waiting to see the room what
was the favorite scene in the room what
stands out the most
where Denny had deal with his substance
abuse issues stands out to me as a
favorite that was very dramatic
oh my god the warrior man handling yes
we tried to get him to see you're
tearing me apart George Lucas yeah but
he was he wasn't having it apart George
Lucas uh George Lucas he said he knew
the real George Lucas wife George Lucas
I know the guy and then and then I
bought it in and I said it's a different
George Lucas it's unrelated missed the
Star Wars and he we still wasn't
happened he was not believed in us he
compromised go Jeremy Park George that
Cheney part George to rich I can't make
it I mean may all of your dreams come
true you go thank you very much sighs
okay
