August 22, 2016
Ben-Hurt
redlettermedia.com/ben-hurt/, youtube.com/watch?v=Aomqbq5eIB0, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/767700340422561792

no no no Jesus Christ what are you doing
barging in here like that I'm trying to
video game fuck your video games this is
more important
the ben-hur reboot is flopping what
that's not true you're lying
seek for yourself rich it has a 30%
score on Rotten Tomatoes that's like an
app but how could a 100 million dollar
reboot that nobody wants to see possibly
be flopping
I don't know rich I don't know oh my god
oh my god we gotta tell Jay come on
ow
Oh God Oh Jay wait stop we have
something really important we need to
tell you you got us tickets to the new
Ben Hur no no Jay it's it's much worse
than that
but it is about the new Ben Hur movie
what Jay it's a big flop Jesus Christ
how could that possibly be true Jay Jay
Jay try and calm down I was just a shot
to you when I first heard the news I
mean it's a subject matter that's
contemporary and edgy it's hip with all
the Millennials on Facebook and it stars
actors that no one's ever heard of like
like Jack Houston Toby Kebbell Rodrigo
Santoro and ayelet zurer not to mention
Morgan Freeman with dreadlocks Jay I
know you've been looking forward to this
movie ever since you heard they were
making it but you've just got to accept
the fact that it might not be the big
hit that you were hoping for
oh they ever supposed to put my faith in
high paid Hollywood executives ever
again I know I know they could have
taken their hundred million dollars and
made 101 million dollar movies and made
a hundred times their money back but
someone somewhere said how about a Ben
Hur reboot that's a good idea
yeah sound like such a surefire thing
well I know we can't put the blame on
the director - more Bek Madison man I
mean you probably didn't have the time
to make the movie that he envisioned
yeah I bet the studio had been hurrying
him along the whole time
what's going on yeah yeah Tim FS I don't
get it you see the name of the movie has
been her cuz I like been hurrying along
yeah I thought I put an emphasis on the
bench you did you did I got it right
away it was pretty obvious I think
there's something wrong with his brain
