May 9, 2017
Rich Evans Auditions for Blade Runner 2049
youtube.com/watch?v=QZOLKwSsFik
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/862123690288455680
redlettermedia.com/rich-evans-auditions-for-blade-runner-2049

okay bring in the next one okay yeah
either can you sleep for us please yes I
am Richard Evans who are you auditioning
for today rich yes I am auditioning for
the part of Officer K in Blade Runner
20:49 okay our first scene is you are
touring the facility where the
replicants are made this is a strange
foreign and bewildering place to you
okay ready yeah I got I got a kind
action okay great thank you
our next scene is let's see here oh
you've just killed someone I'm not sure
if it's a human or replicant but I need
you to react accordingly okay okay okay
ready and action
okay great thank you good how am i doing
this is what you're looking for oh yeah
yeah
you're doing fine good good okay now our
next scene is you've just discovered
some amazing truth pages have been
removed from a book which indicates that
someone has gone to some effort to hide
something okay okay now you realize the
horrible truth of it all got that got it
got it all right here we go and action
okay great thank you try not to blink as
much in the future alum okay so now for
this final scene you're going to need to
be constantly wet because it's raining
out so if it's okay with you my
assistant Pablo is going to spritz you
with a water bottle no problem yeah yeah
all right
so in this scene a beautiful woman is
about to kiss you she's slowly moving in
this is a moment you've been waiting for
for a long time okay okay oh yeah I got
it I got okay here we goin on
you could start spritzing Pablo and
action please
and great alright thank you rich so rich
where are you from LA Burbank
Santa Monica Lakewood no I'm from
Milwaukee
oh so lions famine no no but Milwaukee
isn't Michigan it's a it's a city Oh
City oh yeah you know I love Minnesota
it's very beautiful up there Milwaukee
Wisconsin oh okay thank you we'll be in
touch okay uh so yeah yeah thank you oh
the doors that way this way okay I do we
find someone who's less charismatic
please I always told you yes
