Episode 157
MS PAINT Game Gift Giveaway (Part 2)
January 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0fkIqw61H4
___________________________________________

maybe fuck this something stream is
ruining her stream well it's like you
know we've all done we've done it from
here before yeah
I'm this computer it could be it could
be twitch yeah it could be Kim we're on
a first-name basis now I feel like I
wouldn't want to be we're not back up
yet doesn't say we're running no this is
offline don't uh down here mm-hmm no it
says it's uploading the open broadcaster
you know we're sending out kilobytes and
whatnot oh sure okay but it's not ah
stop it and started again
again yeah why not well how long most of
the late not this long yeah starting
again starting again certain again over
running it
you're right Manny the very King now
this is podracing so in other words it's
the most boring part of the evening
uh-huh apparently this is just um what's
happening makeup so the thing about this
next planket review don't let up again
um do we do something crazy like restart
your computer is this at least going to
save all of the settings and whatnot for
what for open broadcaster right we're
not gonna need to read just everything
dannegan restarted together maybe out of
like this time oh right here we go here
we go we're gonna see how my computer my
computer cannot handle and this paint J
you want to get ready to do if you're
streaming if we stream though far
nothing that's true what's this is
offline it still says I find God
do-do-do-do-do-do
no it's not it's not refreshing the page
and we are not online okay
so Jimmy alright we might be back we
might not be back I'm on own because of
the stupid delay how about those awful
bears are they sucking oh wait oh my god
Dallas worked Thank You Dallas oh my
lord
apparently the Packers did really well
today did they I had to skip I didn't
have to but I skip the game so that it
wasn't forced to or anything I just yeah
probably
it looks it looks like we're back
cutting out audios cutting out we're
cutting out yeah I get so wait I see it
on mine alright is it is the noise gate
back on the noise gate might be back
I'll check that we're gonna double-check
the noise gate I think we might just be
having issues we're just having issues
um also I'm gonna be that guy if you are
indeed the one who had donated a bunch
of these games thank you very much
he contacted me through the red letter
media subreddit and said he had a whole
bunch of extra games to give out and I'm
gonna be that guy we really appreciate
it and I'm sure the people in the stream
really appreciate it as well so thank
you the audio gate is still off great
well there then we should be fine okay
that's right that's right
when should we do up subscribers only
will you around our next round of the
three of us this is for everyone though
this one's for everyone okay
okay Lindsay oh my
okay you are right actor Jack I'm
working on that I'm actually a decent
artist just everyone knows I'm doing
stick men for the sake of brevity here
sure Jay I'm a half decent artist but
now with a goddamn mouse yeah I honestly
don't know what to do beyond this
notice the height difference hey no you
can't say you can't say anything
okay now we're checking we're checking
that was going by fast I know I'm going
slow here I hope I don't miss it I'm
going slow oh I have no idea what to do
be honest no one has gotten it so far
and give you my ideas but then I can't
say yeah you guys have not gotten it yet
I'll tell you that
i-i've been slowly scrolling through the
chat mr. love the ants thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate believe it's mr. I
love the ants whatever I missed one
goddamn letter come on Jay
you guys keep trying I honestly sure
okay I guess I can draw next to it okay
signifying that separate join on the
site
oh god you remember the mouse is the
first thing that's that's what makes the
game challenging for us and hopefully
hilarious for everyone else
oh my come on you guys you can get this
come on J you can do this at what point
did we decide that J has failed
no none he just has to go until he gets
it we could be here all night
yes in theory and you can't I guess you
know the other rules you can what the
heck are you doing now you can't draw
words oh I just I love all of your
guesses by the way and people are
somewhat close with some of their some
of their guesses yeah but no one's got
it yet they're getting the idea though J
you're getting the idea across they just
haven't guessed the right title okay
wait oh there it is done under button of
man oh is that your gender but okay
thank you that's the baby children of
men I was trying to think how can I draw
something visually that will explain
long takes
so being future and long tape that's a
really great guy but I just love that
you know I love how you went from stick
figure it's a detail keep it simple sure
here's a man here's a child that's what
it's a child right what the hell is the
left hand right with left hand drawing
as a child of a man I love a man - you
know it's a child because of the
propeller beanies called children of men
I would have drawn multiple kids oh yeah
okay and that would have been my advice
that would have been good stephannie
I definitely like yeah like giving a
mustache or a dick or something know
what I mean like for a man you like to
do this is a guy you have a garrulous
dick hanging out surrounded by children
jack you gotta think these things
through shit okay I can't be backseat
drawing if I'd said what I do after the
fact okay you crazy people I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna go now and this is this
is subs only yeah oxygen can you switch
it to sub Oh me Mulligan but thank you
dunder but we will contact you via Grand
Am oh one thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it all the winners we
will contact you via stevia goodwitch
and for the fetch after the fact and
we'll give you a code for a game or what
if someone that wins doesn't have a
steam account some of think some begins
we had a free it's free to get one Oh
and my old man advanced safety desktop
okay that your wallpaper no okay so are
we okay
Thank You AK today we are in sub only
mode now all right okay and okay okay no
it's not all right I got this
and here we go cuido thanks for
subscribing Wow good work Jake I just
saw it there we go here we go here we go
Ches 87 thank you for subscribing and it
sounds like our what the fucks are
working again that's great
quite good bad this is one I tried to
cos can't write words right I'm gonna
try to get my IV across here
well the expert just showed up in the
yeah the chap here you're doing good I
feel pretty good about this I can't see
what you don't okay too much attention
do it's great it's possible a lot of
people might not know the movie I think
I could some bourbon bladder boot speed
you got it watch me it's a good thing
you subscribe today you see it pays to
subscribe there you go didn't plan it is
the answer okay you know how many of
them the classic like no smoking sign
that's what I thought it was gonna
happen the venue just did the X yeah you
know what is the fun anything well no
see then then yeah that's more of like
this fine it's cool this planets not
good thing you guessed that before Jack
start during that turning thumbs up yeah
or he would have just confused like
everyone's planet is okay this planet no
that's forbidden
thumbs up doesn't know that doesn't work
doesn't want dick the birthday boys sing
he had at first I know if we can scroll
up I will throw up yeah yeah
always possible I missed it oh he said
he had it first but it was in slow mode
so he can type it ok well that's that's
why I should only guess when you know
rather than just throwing shit out there
just saying just saying maybe maybe it's
your fault you will be contacted
I'm gonna grab to see two minutes slo-mo
does it in two minutes limo is that yeah
yeah that's in 120 seconds long okay you
can literally you kind of get one this
is I and I think that's an OK I guess it
makes it more of a challenge 30 seconds
30 seconds slow that's fine but like
like that's the thing I want you're
getting I don't want you just to spam
guesses yeah that's true don't don't
just say things until you happen to
maybe get it right exactly how about
this let's do 60 second slow-mo mmm a
minute because I feel like 30 seconds is
too quick so maybe 45 45 smells fine 45
we'll see how it works yeah okay 45 all
right
sixty-second it is sorry octo Jane we're
being we're being twats can we do 52
seconds 52 and a half seconds please
also diet doctor awesome thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
alright here we go alright subscriber
only and we're gonna guess this movie
we're going start right in a few seconds
from now and okay and go yes spamming
guesses is how you play Pictionary but
we have a you know we have a lot of
people it's a competition it's suppose i
should be looking at this we have to do
things a little bit differently here
because people yeah at pictionary you
have like four or five people right
we've got 630 well not that but now if
it's in submode but still oh oh my god
immediately space space camo got it oh
before you even had the pin neuron okay
that's crazy
the birthday boy is closed I'm so sorry
take the birthday boy also like good
guess with kingpin again lots of
kingpins lots of Big Lebowski so I guess
those are the two big bowling movies
what are you funny now if we drew
kingpin
one of us might have a double because we
didn't look at what each other was doing
that's true that's possible I don't know
what do we do in that case if we roll
double yeah okay yeah I guess that's the
everybody watching though you know it's
possible we would you're all double take
the birthday boy you're so close they're
rich all right Reggie
am i other your turn all right
Oh Gord this is me shuffling through our
actual hat okay yeah that's true dunder
button that's harder one
oh no did you write that nice that's a
nice one that's nice
yeah like and we wanted to make it a
little easy by by like narrowing it down
to just movie titles right subscribers
only we are starting now mm-hmm all
right did we miss a sub oh yes dick
lukewarm thank you for subscribing
welcome to the game
we very much appreciate it don't worry
we will do non sub games again this is
just like one one round of the three of
us if we missed your sub just you know
near the end of the stream let us know
cuz we're not we don't what hearing the
what the fuck we we don't have sound yes
I'm the stream so we're not hearing it
wonder is we could and it doesn't talk
talk about the AVGN movie thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
very funny name I talked about it they
do they do but they don't have it yet
they see what you're doing but they
don't have it yet paint it white see the
blue arrow like yeah
oh I see it's bigger than the window we
know that oh oh that is mr. Li was it
mr. Forman Emily you mr. Foreman le
coplann Copland
though technically Copland I believe is
one word and you typed it in as no mr.
Foreman le you get Copland all right
gonna get you in here
mr. Foreman le now we are opening it
back up to everyone will do will do more
subscriber always later but we'll do a
few rounds here without subscriber only
one so now we're opening it up to
everyone
cuz we do just appreciate everyone who
comes by we got balanced shuffling
through destiny new dumb safe and away
we go
I have no idea what to do okay
oh oh I got to do I got this you guys I
got this and it's gonna happen what the
hell you see you'll see how much I have
this I don't I have I don't see that at
all I'm gonna I have this you don't even
know how much I have this okay
gorilla interrupts it everybody
if I have a paint bucket this would look
a lot better you get it yeah but you
never get it don't Maya yeah I know I
know
okay so then
if your people are just listening off as
many sci-fi movies as we can think of a
Mickle 87 they didn't say the full title
but everybody knows the full title so I
think we should count it okay okay okay
a Mickle 87 says plan nine and yeah plan
9 from outer space oh I like your pages
a Mitchell or a Mickle 87 my like I
wanted to like fill in the earth here
yeah you know you could have done just
made space and they're on a pie plate
flying through space like saucer would
have done it well that's the pie plate
as a foreign side yeah yeah but this is
this is nine plans from outer space and
they went with Plan nine yeah I get it
that's good although you would have to
know that those are plans it just looks
like paper with scribbling no no you see
space and you see nine of something yeah
that's a acceptable
totally it is acceptable I'm not saying
it's not but did you write down a
Mitchell 8700 you can just drag the
canvas can you drag the campus of the
canvas things about 3% we can't we can't
do the plus and whatnot oh yeah no cuz
it's it's sent to capture this right oh
okay okay just like that
and I can spell it for you I have it
highlighted if that helped yeah you're
right yep
am i CH e l87 excellent guess we will be
contacting you later with a video game
of varying quality no guarantee no
guarantees on quality we're just
randomly giving games out they might be
great they might suck no rich is making
a nasty face no idea I can't even think
of what to chart what I want you a job
like rich yeah oh fuck I haven't even
seen the movie I'm just aware of the
general yeah hey yeah me too Oh
okay here we go here we go but we aren't
oh yeah okay slow mode is about to start
so go ahead rich open everybody open to
everybody okay until the person who
keeps copy pasting the comment about The
Hobbit yes we've seen it there's a video
being edited now so you can stop asking
please oh dear God please it's not
working for me okay
try getting refresh well you don't have
to James yeah let me to see if it I'm
hitting refresh
nope it's offline when I refreshed it
alright we were doing good there for a
while
