Episode 006
XCOM: the New PC-in-ing (Part 2)
January 6, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLWzVXqV5oM
___________________________________________

yeah but it's fine and it's all fine
everything's fine out there I will spoil
the broth Oh the grade reference too
many cooks just thinking about what to
do wish to go to and somebody said rich
do whatever is more dangerous absolutely
this is they want what you're doing too
well okay oh by the way it rich do you
know what the serial podcast is this is
all all over like the news and the
Twitter's or something I have no idea
what the serial podcast is I've never
even heard of them
so oh it's a zoom they talk about serial
right I have no idea what it is but
apparently it's a big deal that the
person who does the serial podcast
hasn't been doing it lately I guess dad
I don't know I don't know anything about
it I I'm gleaming off of the context
clues I see on Twitter I don't I have no
idea what it is
that'd be dead could be you know ever
this is the next big news story its
unfolding now gasps Matt Bennett
Oh mr. coach is saying it's a serialized
murder investigation oh so it's like a
radio play
so there's murder involved there is okay
that's good to know that's good to know
the first season is finished oh okay oh
and they just don't know when they're
making the next season so oh that's a by
the way no news at all we solved the
mystery of the serial podcast the news
is that it's a show that people really
like and they want more of it and the
maker of the show is taking their time
making more of it because they wanted
they wanted done right you should be
glad whenever something takes a while to
do yes that probably means that people
are putting some thought it look at Mass
Effect 3 also is it weird that we've
gone back to radio plays no radio plays
are always but I've always been fine now
they just you know they lost out due to
TV that's fine sure no actually I wasn't
aware that like stories and audio was a
thing sure the podcast thing though yeah
love it let's see the serial podcast has
a 12 episode weekly podcast where for
murder um men that went away now yeah
well yeah so I guess it's like a thing
let's I mean that's great I think it's
great that they're taking it
oh it's based on a real-life murder
investigation Thank You Colin based on a
real-life murder investigation I think
that's great I think I think it's great
that people are trying new things or
rehashing old things with the new
podcast medium I think that's great I
think it's great I've been really
enjoying speaking of rehashing old
mediums with new devices I have been
playing the fuck out of some texts
adventure games how do you think there's
this app called France and it's a free
app and it comes with all of these like
text adventures that you just play on
your iPhone it's amazing it's super fun
I've been playing this dumb one and it's
called like fine to the pig or whatever
and it's just this dumb thing where you
play it like you play
like a like an ogre or something and
it's just your job to find the pig and
it's just it's just this dumb little
text adventure and I've actually found
myself like drying out the rooms you
know because they're like oh here's this
room here's this room and so I've been
drawing out on a grid what rooms are
where and what items are in what room
like well like writing down what's in my
inventory it's so great games
Zork is on there I wanted to do this one
first good people said that this one was
a little bit lighter livid liquid is
asking why am i rotoscoping and not
motion-tracking or motion keeping
framing the mask because it's not that
many frames it's only 20 frames and I
don't move that much and so it'll just
it just be simpler to rotoscope because
it's not that it's just not that hard of
a frame and what I'm doing is not that
challenging of a thing and so it's just
luck easier to rotoscope rather than do
something like like motion tracking
double-doubles fuck stubble therapy's
fuck oh I've seen another world those
asking have you ever played another
world rich never played it no I've heard
of it it just got rereleased on Steam
and it looked fun it looked a lot like
it almost looked like a point-and-click
adventure game but but not yeah look it
looks interesting
look way Jack infocomm I don't know what
infocomm is Collin I'm sorry jack - I do
I have a favorite infocomm game and I
don't know what sure I guess I see I
guess I'm all into the game but I mean
there's no reason I can't take my time I
guess I'm like I'm literally an
absolutely no hurry but should I am
completely focused on these two little
fucking Haley Oh does a fire keep me
from getting there fuck that no I just I
wanted to get my sniper two more kills
and that's less likely to happen now
because I can't leave this room because
it's a fire in front of the door I was
gonna run him into the grenade range and
get both these jerks but that's not
gonna happen
well I'm sorry oh did I made another
that was that was a fucking like 32%
shot or something
everything's coming up millhouse oh and
Colin is saying that was a game company
in the early 80s that specializes in
text adventures oh and Colin if you
didn't know I'm just getting into text
adventures now I've never played a text
adventure games before we played frog
fractions a couple of weeks ago so I'm
just getting into now and I'm really
enjoying them really really enjoying
them and Sepphoris cane
I've heard of heavy bullets it looks fun
that rich have you seen heavy bullets
it's that like super like pink and
fuchsia first-person shooter roguelike
it looks really neat I have it I got it
I don't know if someone gifted that to
me or if I got it but I have it and I'm
really excited to play it that's gonna
be a game I stream I think so okay
yeah I said frog fractions I am a little
behind the times we didn't remember on
the farm we didn't have a computer we
didn't get a computer until very late in
the game this is why this is why I rich
and I rich and I are very different
gamers yep because I I grew up on 100%
consoles and rich grew up with PC gaming
so or very different gamers guys yes
rich if you hunker down up there you've
won a game this is so great
roof yep they know it already yeah I
just hunkered down on the roof
congratulations you've won the game I
don't know I don't think I've won this
is how you win the game has not happened
yet that's not my experience so far I
mean I don't know what else to do this
is all I know right all I know is you
get up on the roof you hunker down and
you win see I don't get on the roof
willy-nilly right I get on the roof for
a purpose sure we are well understood
purpose
well good well good I still oh oh x2 and
junk Bongo dr. rich did you use a
stepladder Oh reference craft regular
ladder I'm sorry I'm sorry in the pen
your hopes and your dreams but oh my god
rich well this is someone's comment and
I'm gonna read it for you okay hey Jack
could you tell rich that I think he's
not very good at XCOM I lost one person
in the first mission it was a rookie and
I think I'm doing great I don't know
what they think I should be doing but
what I'm doing seems to be working so I
really don't care what you that what I
wonder if they noticed that you were on
the roof and hunkered down maybe maybe
they haven't gotten to that point yet
and so they don't know how well you're
doing so boom can I just say that over
the holiday week there were many
occasions in which a stepladder was
brought up you know like four you know
we need to get this thing down from a
covenant we need a stepladder over here
I get a stepladder do this and every
single time I wanted to go a stepladder
and just repeat it was everybody and I
didn't yeah cuz no one would have known
no one would have known but every single
time that's what I just wanted to repeat
a stepladder
oh yes JP versus the world
JP versus the world wants me to tell you
that he's not very good at telling you
that you're good at ex-cons okay okay
whoever that was
why don't you think I'm good at next ,
because they're fucking dumb who cares
what did I do that insulted your
personal XCOM sensibilities too much
hunkering down maybe not you know people
are healthy I don't know I'm sure
they're just an asshole
everyone's yeah money many people are
assholes
this is true it's uh it's really true no
and for for those asking about Christmas
gifts holiday gifts I'm an adult with
children and so the best holiday gift I
got was you know I got some socks which
I'm really excited I guess haha you know
it's when when you are a parent it is
not about your gifts I got some socks
and I was really happy with that my wife
gave me some new pens and if anyone
knows me I carry a pen with me at all
times and I go through them a lot I lose
them and I go through pens a lot so she
got me some pens that I really like some
g-tubes so some really boring stuff that
I really like that's all I got is that
was that person answered she's
challenged my XCOM skills general that's
choice
oh no he did answer and he says I know
nothing about XCOM just being an asshole
okay thoughts I thought so
you know socks are amazing there were
there were some really nice warm socks
those really happy to get them and
Phoenix yes rich knows about the
extended war mod and oh I don't know if
there are spikes in XCOM I haven't
played enough of a rich spikes it is
nothing but spikes yes there's so many
spikes it's unbelievable huh
swab site I think rich is being a little
Curt with you Chad hurt my feelings you
know they were just they were just
trying to poke you I can't let him pokey
Ridge and we're not on speaking terms
know jack you can you tell the chat that
I am NOT on speaking time hold on JP
versus the world is recommending new
pens for me zebra 7 o ones I'm looking
those up right now those look alright oh
my god yeah I hate this one I got you
know I like the G to s and I were like
with a really fine point cuz I have
really poor penmanship and so if I have
too thick of a pen it just gets all
messy but I enjoy writing things down
it's looks like a not right pen I don't
know I don't spin pen it's beautiful I
just let you know I just like having a
pen I have a pen and a notepad we have a
subscriber we do Timothy Sinclair thank
you for her subscribing we very much
appreciate
nobody's dying Jack I think it's because
you're really good at X no nobody's
dying yeah except for that one that
really pisses me off that one from
earlier yeah this be a perfect run
otherwise oh um I'm really sorry that's
all right what does enemy within offer
that the base game does not theirs
even you can genetically modify your
troops seeing it like new abilities and
whatnot for your troops or you can turn
your troops into giant fucking cyborgs
death machines those are fun then they
also added some new enemy types one of
which I'm really fond of and then
there's some spoiler ish extra missions
they add one one of the missions they
added I think is actually that alone is
probably worth it for enemy with it but
I'm not gonna talk about that because
plot II spoilery stuff there's like four
or so new missions and one of them is
just fucking amazing but I can't talk
about it at all it's better than the
fucking finale of the game Oh does it
yeah it's comical easy it happens
the chat is asking for a consensus on on
ballpoint pens or fountain pens anyone
who carries a fountain pen is weird by
my standard ink everywhere yeah it
sounds awful that does sound awful no I
use modern technology it's alright did
you play they're asking if you played
the original XCOM rich yeah it's been a
long time since I've played it now but
I've played it did you play a lot
yes no not as much as I played the new
one okay
I like the tactical aspects of the new
one more the original ex come later the
later stages of the game it gets pretty
pretty micromanaging okay
all right that's cool though I might I
might I might do the original locks
comment a stream someday
sure yeah I'd love to see what it looks
like I know about that is um during our
invisible ink review I had to look up
some footage of the original XCOM to put
in there for for for a little you know
video thumbnail and that's the only
thing I've ever seen him the original ex
come see I actually discovered X count
pretty late in the game okay
I don't know if you you probably don't
remember this at all but the the the the
XCOM the bureau game oh I saw that yeah
I mean it looked terrible before enemy
Unknown was even mentioned as being a
release that was gonna be like the new
XCOM which the XCOM fans were kind of
pissed off about because it was nothing
like you know I was a shooter there's
nothing like the classic XCOM a strategy
game sure people were kind of pissed off
cuz they wanted a new turn-based
strategy game and they're getting fed
this crappy looking shooter and I you
know being being a PC gamer in general I
felt for them because people started
dumbing down everything once the
consoles oh yeah that's true
so I that I actually went and looked
into classic XCOM so I actually didn't
play ex-con for the first time till so
like 10 years ago or something like that
okay maybe not quite that maybe not even
quite that long so you know I actually
discovered ex-con because of the crappy
remake well so there you go
so the the remake did a little bit of
good yeah it made you not get it and
look at something else that was better
I think some guy I think someone else is
gonna pop up over here oh no Paul back
need to think more about what I'm doing
yes yes you do you need to think more
thinking is good thinking is good but
you know thinking is also hard so I
don't know what we're gonna do here
other countries don't have maps did ever
did you ever hear that see that clip of
wine no no the Miss America pageant
contestant Oh God no no what is this
rambling thing about other countries are
unfortunate because they don't they
don't have maps so I I think like if
more more countries had maps maps oh
those poor girls yeah I know those poor
girls you know I'm not even gonna call
she comes off looking really stupid but
I'm just good something has some
weird-ass political question you're just
there to look pretty and maybe won an
award what was there for what was the
one a couple of years know or care about
geopolitical crisis map no what was the
famous one a couple years ago or it were
like she started like spouting gibberish
and whatnot they were do you remember
that one where she's like she was like
and the and the American US citizens I
think that's her yeah she was funny and
she did interviews like afterwards she
was just like I I don't know what I was
saying I and she was apparently like an
intelligent girl and she was just like I
would I was hungry all day and just I
was done Miss Teen South Carolina yeah
yeah Miss South Carolina boy
the u.s. Americans that's what it was
and the u.s. Americans I'm sorry I'm
sorry that you ate this ma'am but you
know it's the map we got at least at
least not early on I don't know I don't
know I don't know Finn min Jack it's all
about the thinman does this have a lot
of thinman oh yes um I'm sorry public
speaking is hard you're right the next
blanket review public speaking is hard
and then doing so while trying to smile
and look nice and keep your composure
and then suddenly you know that you know
millions of people are watching and now
you know anything that's recorded on
camera will be repeated on YouTube
millions upon billions of times you know
cuz there's uh there's a lot of pressure
yeah yeah me too I don't know yeah I did
yeah yeah we know you know thin mints
you're right things are great a Michelle
not my favorite though peanut butter
patties are my favorite Girl Scout
cookie hey gobbledygook sun-hi that's
all
rich say hi to gobbledygook so I gobble
he looks um how are you doing hopefully
you're well maybe he's an infinity can't
ask answer you no no he says he says his
son is home from college oh oh uh if it
is a baby say I thought I was talking to
a baby and that just felt nervous
talking to your fucking baby your baby
you can shut up and die it's Doogie
Howser baby they're in college already
that's great do you have a favorite Girl
Scout cookie rich no no all right
leave me alone and stay away from my
door cookie come on Girl Scout cookies I
love peanut butter patties obviously you
don't like them because you're allergic
like anything jack peanuts it's a hope I
don't like anything he doesn't like a
mom up to including you up to including
me that's true
hello Draco thank you for subscribing
welcome back hello Draco we appreciate
it and yes rich did just curse out a
baby because rich is that candy it's
terrible ah they're all terrible it's
true it's show me one good baby
they're horrible assholes Boy Scouts
don't sell cookies they sell those like
popcorn containers with like the
different flavoured popcorns
so they don't got it they do haven't
though now the Girl Scout cookies have
candy bars they have Girl Scout cookie
flavored candy bars which i think is of
reaching a point of ridiculousness which
I kind of like because you know I like
them a little ridiculous I have a friend
an acquaintance I have an acquaintance
who works for a candy maker that helped
make those cookies those candy bar
cookies you know this thing about babies
Jack I I know some things about babies
yes they only care about themselves it's
really true only they only care about
himself I've I've never met a baby that
that wasn't just completely utterly
self-centered
but here and here's the most confusing
part so they're utterly self-centered
yet they have no sense of
self-preservation they'll fall off of
things they'll hit their heads on things
they do there's a sense of
self-preservation they're double
assholes is all I'm saying
the science is a wonderful thing they
took like a floor and part of the floor
was just like glass I was like if you
look down under the the floor was like a
10-foot drop yeah but it was glass it
was a solid surface and a baby would not
go near the glass part really yes I
don't believe that no it's true
it's really true all right I get I guess
I well I haven't seen that I applaud any
science that will put a baby in a
situation that the baby might think is
dangerous ha ha ha that's a positive
thing I agree I like it someone that's
on his thang babies decide to go to the
movies and that won't shut the fuck up
can we just make a general rule babies
are completely you know babies do not
babies do not belong in movie theaters
this is a thing this is something that
is very important to me they do not
belong in movie theaters they can't
watch them yes what does that assault No
the death machine I love her oh well you
know maybe talk to her a little bit ask
her how her days get to know her first
is all I'm saying
or yeah that's important yeah
I think it's fun good to know something
hey Jang kilo restaurants airplanes
airplanes that's something babies have
to be in airplanes because they have to
travel parents restaurants depends on
the restaurant but you know that's gonna
happen movies though there's new because
everyone should be quiet and babies
can't appreciate a movie restaurants and
airplanes are different let's not be
crazy
can we talk about how lewd babies are
how lewd yeah in public they'll just
start sucking on some woman's tits they
don't care they don't care the rules
don't apply to them that's what they
think just in public minding your own
business okay he's sucking on so much
dick yeah and then you catch out you
make eye contact with the baby and he
just whips you the bird and winks at you
no no they they stick out their tongue
at you
it's true Oh babies Oh Phil Davis is
saying he disagrees he envies that baby
yeah but you know if you started sucking
on someone's tit in public you would go
to jail it's true it's really true oh
lordy
you would go to jail I did not junkie I
did not bring my babies Oh
everyone missed wait a nice sniper still
got to take a shot oh do it sniper do it
no no I did not because I respect those
around me I waited until my children
were old enough and I made sure that
they respected the movie-going audience
and I also took them to very early movie
showings you know I wouldn't take him to
like a crowded later Johnny I'd go to
like the earliest movie showing I could
so I knew that not a lot of people would
be there and then you know slowly built
up and now they're very very well
behaved in movie theaters because that's
important to me
then you know that other people are
quiet during well I have an answer for
that I think oh uh Jam born ski asks an
interesting question rich yeah what is
the biggest case of buyer's remorse that
you have ever felt I'm gonna say oh I
thought that was in game related buyer's
remorse is what I'm gonna take from that
do you ever have game related buyer's
remorse uh yeah I can't think of any
specific examples I know I've had it
before I'm sorry I can't be more helpful
than that at this moment I'm trying to
think no but yeah it's happened hmm I
was really upset I have a specific
example that just happened recently I
got luftrausers for my Vita luftrausers
looped browsers wowzers okay not true
brick you're always thinking about
trousers
you're always thinking about men's pants
why is that on the back and it wasn't
even that expensive it was only like 15
bucks but after five minutes of playing
the game I knew exactly
what it was going to be and I was really
really upset it was just it was just it
was a game I knew I was gonna get sick
of right away and I did and I I'm really
I'm really upset with how much they
charge for luftrausers and it was it's a
fun little thing to pick up like for
five minutes but there's no you will get
no more than five minutes of good
gameplay out of luftrausers
Jack I am I am very not terribly sorry
no no you know that was my fault I
should have known better but I really
thought there was gonna be more yeah
Luke's dressers and after I bought it it
became free on PS Plus so that was me
being dumb but you know it's see it
happens sometimes he make bad game but I
even like I researched and I saw like
some some reviewers were saying positive
things about it and it looked fun the
the artwork is brilliant in those
trousers and like the gameplay is even
fun but there's just not enough there's
not enough I hated loose trousers I
hated of roof trousers you're right dr.
fector and every time I turn on my Vita
it's there it's there it's staring at me
saying you wasted your money on me
laughs I'm sorry
you should be I'm you know you learn you
these are the lessons of life Ridge
hopefully I learned it right right
spoofed meows first that doesn't make
any sense
spoofing elzar's I don't know it does
what I'm trying to think of try to think
of any other like games that I was I was
like excited about and then turned out
to be horribly disappointing Emry 801
says hey Jack if I make a game will you
guys play it on a stream maybe you you
might regret it I'm gonna say I'm gonna
say more than likely yes cuz often we we
look for stuff to play you know and
sometimes it's just what we want to play
and sometimes we're looking for
something new
so you more than likely yes if you make
a game we will we've played you know we
played the fan made game that was really
fun we play a lot of browser games those
are always fun to play super super time
for us ultra
I don't know if that was that might have
been gifted to me I regret playing it
but that might have been right I know I
was bad I so I don't know if I uh I
don't if I did buy it then yes I regret
buying it but I think that might have
been gifted to me so that's all I got
for that one it might have been
you know when I when I got my we you
Jack is you just wanted me to know that
you're winning the game congratulations
technically I am winning the game though
the two really aren't relating uh you
know you think they're not but here you
are winning the game and hunker down on
a roof I'm not gonna say it's a
coincidence cuz it might be but Richard
have you ever played Super Star Wars
yeah it was a platformer that's is I
don't know and I have no rarely generic
standard platformer with Star Wars hmm
cuz Star Wars was it good
Wow okay well there you go y-you didn't
bring up that old game I don't know
maybe you know maybe they didn't like it
so they were hoping okay um you regret
eider son could be I mean I got bigger
regrets and super Star Wars
promotions like if I can get a bunch of
beta codes to pass out to your peers
what do you mean many many the very King
I mean I don't understand what you mean
by promotions I don't know I don't
understand people like beta keys just
give them out I don't know dude and
streamer you know have people contact
you through twitch Ivan yeah just do
what you do
we'll see don't obviously yeah obviously
you know that we might get into like a
spammy thing was like talk to me tell me
beat us send me a message about it send
previously recorded to underscore live a
message about it and I answer those and
then we'll talk about it now about that
I mean if I knew the devs of an
incentive oh yeah it talked to me about
that and then what we can may be able
make it happen who knows we'll we'll
deal with them
we'll deal with that yeah I didn't see
the interview did you see the interview
rich now I've heard yes I've heard less
than average things about it and that's
what I expected so I probably will not
see it because I don't care that much
and I wasn't I wasn't going to see it
before the controversy and so just
because there's controversy I'm not
going to see it so what's my assault
should I go defensive or aggressive
I'm usually a fan of defense so
aggressive it is no I think that's will
prereq ever go to e3 or PACs or do
segments there ideally yes ideally yes
because you know I want to if we imagine
how much fun I would have at e3 you
don't think yeah well what about like a
pax those conferences are usually the
most boring thing in the world I don't
want to watch the whole damn you know I
just want the fucking highlights yeah
yeah care about the show what do they
announce tell me got me gag am I glad
there are so much corporate jeguk
jackasses connect like I'm one of you
yeah I think if you're there it's
different then you get you get all you
get all swept up you get to actually
play some of the games that's nice I
would go for work but it's not it's not
something I would choose to do on my
arse okay
okay ah I wanna go I hate to be fun
what's going on here Thanks it's good
away in Washington
oh I don't I don't know they're talking
about no doesn't matter you know what
doesn't matter doesn't matter doesn't
matter
Jia's reading the chat reading the chat
if there
Amriki 801 says if we ever go to pax
east we can crash in his creepy basement
so we got back on for us pax is the
Penny Arcade yes my the only person who
just doesn't like Penny Arcade you don't
like Penny okay no I don't oh I don't I
don't find it funny oh I'm happy I'm
happy for their success and I know other
people like them it's just me personally
mm-hmm I think it's fine I mean I'll
take a slug II freelance with its
funniness and and and tight continuity
over over the random randomness of Penny
Arcade oh that's that's kind of what I
like the the randomness and absurd humor
when it comes to web comics comic strips
in general slow you freelance that is my
comic of choice here first
Raj Evans endorsing sluggy freelance
I've never even heard of that I can't I
can't describe it quickly so great okay
well then there you go there you go you
know I used to follow a couple uh I mean
I have not seen a penny arcade comic in
a while just cuz you've run out of time
I used to follow a couple comics but I
don't anymore rich should be the Grinch
for Halloween why because I'm not that
fun to penny arcade oh I didn't say it
was the worst thing to ever exist and
that you shouldn't like it I just said
it's not for me I'm sorry my personal
opinion bothers you it does oh man it
does oh Jesus it's so much it bothers me
so much rich
I like this thing and because you don't
like this thing with something rich
you're using the expansion why don't you
upgrade your troops with some because my
money is first going to go into the
combat training school that's priority I
just I think you just learned a lesson a
lesson in XCOM you're welcome done I'll
try and get a cyber boot camp sure where
the ice creatures alive what's a cyborg
trooper the neck trooper all their
badass you'll say paragate find out what
operating from I'll let you guys know
I'm officially save and quit
after-effects I could construct a
facility from down down you just quit on
it for the night mostly because I've
been having beers orders never with all
right that's true but I'll just pick it
up tomorrow it'll be fine it'll be fine
I'm I'm starting to get I'm starting to
get a little lazy with the effects where
it's just like yeah this will be fine
it's like no I should just stop and wait
till I'm motivated tomorrow again and
pick it up fresh pick it up fresh rich
what are your thoughts on XCOM the
Bureau it looks a very bland extremely
amazingly Blanding don't know a training
school
sorry game game things happening oh I do
I don't even notice Jesus Christ do I
work on the 31st yeah I work on the 31st
I uh I work for myself which means I
work every single day every day I can't
I work and everyday I don't work it
means I'm not working yeah I need you
need to work people if you work for
yourself invited me over on the 31st so
I'm not working at all oh I'm still not
sweet
I will not oh sure I suppose maybe that
was the question we will not be
streaming on the 31st on New Year's Eve
on Wednesday mostly though because Jays
annual red letter media stream Athan is
the first and you know obviously we
don't want to we don't want to outstay
our welcome so though they'll be on the
first I'll definitely show up on the
first for a little bit in the chat Jay
will obviously be there so we will not
be streaming on the 31st I will be
working on the 30 purchased doesn't work
every day
cuz that's how I work it was the biggest
beer snob at Tech technically purely
technically would that be me because you
don't drink because I don't yes yes okay
I'm okay with this
yes it's probably I don't know if any of
us are beer snobs you know like it's
it's always fun to get new beer you know
to try something new and I think I think
Mike is least likely to try something
new
as far as beer is concerned and I don't
know if that means he's the most
snobbish or the least snobbish but I
don't know so I don't know yeah probably
probably so yeah maybe maybe Mike's the
biggest beer snob just because he won't
try new beer you guys talking about
nine-to-five by Dolly Parton love that
song I work hard for the money I do
about the movie
I like 9 to 5 - Mike that's fun that's a
Dolly Parton the Sally Field Sally Field
not Sally Field
Dolly Parton tip-toe no Lili Taylor only
Tomlin Lily Tomlin that's the one don't
like pardon and Jane Fonda is that Jane
Fonda I've got to say that's Jane Fonda
it's been a while since I've seen it is
that fourth I thought I was only three
okay I haven't seen that movie it's so
damn long Soundgarden Jane Fonda yeah
yeah Lily Tomlin right what was he doing
in the game I think I'm doing nothing
right now
yeah so the end yes I told so satellite
all right all right back back to beer
snobbery also although what not unless
you're back to beer snob back to zero so
just funny I can't explain it well I'm
glad it is neither though that sounds
like an old British sitcom welcome back
to be a snobbery star a starring
Benedict Cumberbatch they wouldn't call
it that though they would call it
something like say a finicky brewery
finicky persnickety brews
oh that's it I do like finicky brewery
there's persnickety brews that's my vote
uber Snicket Hebrews last week on
persnickety brews Annabelle got herself
in a bit of a pickle when she took the
lift to the loo
British people they're so weird
my least-favorite alcohol crocodile
brain is asking my least-favorite
alcohol and would probably be tequila
mostly because way back in the day I
drank a lot of it I think a lot of
people when they get into drinking start
drinking tequila because you know you do
the fun thing with the salt and the
tequila shot and then the lime and you
know it turns into a bit of a like a
like a party drinking game drinking is
the party drinking game which obviously
sounds terrible but you know drank a lot
of it right out of high school and now I
don't like it at all just the smell of
it still and I haven't had it in years
and years and years a smell that makes
me awful awful sick so Jake are you ever
going to play exocomp again fine you
know I it's it's tough like there are
games that I want to get into like XCOM
I'd love to take a look at the dota 2
you know like there are games that I
want to play just because I know people
get into them and love them and I just
don't know if I have that much of me I
don't know is that we're doing the same
likes absolutely so the answer is
probably no but I'd like to the Rising
Sun is saying Richie that there's an
article on polygon right now saying that
alien isolation is the best boldest game
of the year absolutely if that is their
opinion that's fine we perfect disagree
I disagree with it's the boring is gamer
here yeah yeah
that's that's about myself watching my
paint drive and playing the game I might
ain't dota 2 I don't know I it's it's
one of those things where people lose
their lives to those games so they must
be good in some mill fashion right it
looks like somebody just walked into the
street as I see a comment yes some
motherfucking ex-cop yeah I'm gonna be
that guy says well if poor Agarn says
that he's a very respectable Pokemon
you're right I love it
no you know it's that's their opinion
and that's fine then I'm not going to be
mad at them for having a different
opinion than me it's just fine you know
I obviously a lot of people really like
daily in isolation it wasn't rich a nice
thing it is weird that we're so 180 of
everyone else though it is just like it
I hated it honestly I hated it so much
and we both did I hated it so much I
have no idea how people are getting this
like visceral reaction to it it does
confuse me but that's their that's their
thing and I'm not going you know I'm not
gonna take that away from anyone who's
behind us fine doesn't everything's fine
I almost failed the shift that UFO down
oh no oh oh okay gotcha we're gonna were
to make some cyborgs yes I want to see
what I'm gonna see what cyborg
fur bars get a chance to be in the squad
room yes go fart bar fired Bart Bart
Bart Bart Bart
my name yes
that's excellent fart noise I'm Pro your
pro part mine but wait one I'm sorry
people know that I pay I'm the one
paying attention to the chat because
you're playing and so whenever they
really want me to read something they
make sure to type jack in all capital
letters and the Rising Sun has taken it
to a new extreme by typing Jack okay
well that certainly worked it got my
attention you're right and now but now
everyone's gonna do it yeah then no one
doesn't you can't do that oh yeah he's
gonna work damn fault it's true do
either of y'all think there were any
classic games from the last console
generation yeah yeah so Vanquish though
nobody else is probably going to agree
with me on that but Vanquish is just
fucking amazing
okay that's great so last console
generation we're talking ps3 360 Wii
right yeah I'm assuming we're counting
these games even if they also came out
on the PC sure well oh and I guess I
just assumed console games because you
talked about the last console generation
but I mean if they also came out on a PC
yes the Arkham games oh sure sure I'm
really excited to play those oh that's
right you haven't done that yet I
haven't done that yet but I'm really
looking forward to it I see I have them
both in mas team and I'm very excited
yeah no I mean there's there's a ton of
really good games for the last console
generation as far as I'm concerned but
you know classic classic is hard because
we that's just something that you don't
know it's a time you know
I'm I really you know Super Mario Galaxy
was a beautiful game I don't know I
don't know if it'll stand the test of
time because it didn't do anything that
spectacular except for like refine
things they were working on the previous
console generation but I thought it was
a very good game sunshine what's gallic
galaxy Oh galaxy yeah what's fun it's
fun it's fun but the other question is
you know like classic will it hold the
test of time I don't know I don't know
me these the end so that's what I'm
saying it's like it's really hard to
talk about stuff like this just because
we don't have the context of that Angry
Birds absolutely a revolution of the
last console generation a fuck Angry
Birds no revolution oh it classic
all-time classic current fans maybe but
all-time classic here's the thing about
Angry Birds it's terrible first of all
happy birthday Steve Zi Shi hey happy
birthday Steve you great you use your
super birthday here's the thing about
Angry Birds Angry Birds was at this
point where you know smartphones were
becoming more and more ubiquitous right
oh sheesh you keep you targeted shit oh
oh I thought you were telling me to show
show no no no no sing shit but I was
saying it's slowly so fuck here's the
thing about Angry Birds mobile or
smartphones were becoming more and more
ubiquitous right so it was at that point
where the most people had a smart one
had a smartphone than ever before and
there needed to be that game that
uniquely took advantage of the
smartphone's
touch capabilities which Angry Birds
does right
Angry Birds like is easier to play on a
touchpad than it is with a controller or
with a mouse and keyboard
it's more intuitive there's and there's
a feel to it with your with the
touchscreen and so it agree birds will
forever be known as the first giant
mobile game therefore it is a classic
weather I mean and it's a fine game it's
a simple game it's you know casual game
it's a very simple game but it will be a
classic because it was the first big one
mm yeah so I like Angry Birds it's a
fine game I'm Jack that is that is the
end of my very strong opinions on Angry
Birds oh you're right I am forgetting
snake snake on ti-83 's TI 80 ones what
are you going on about know what what
what kind of insanity did you ever have
in like high school when you're taking
advanced math classes the TI 81 eat
apples yeah and you had it on your
graphing calculator yeah yeah yeah so
that was like they're saying that's the
first mobile game and I thought that was
funny
