Episode 007
Moving Stories - Hack & a Half
January 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0N1hEGi2fo
___________________________________________

I always feel like it's hit oh ok I
could
wait wait okay we want on the only one
off no looks like we're back I'm great
or maybe maybe it's just maybe just my
browser sucks i don't know we're here oh
my god i got to turn my sound off cuz
i'm hearing more than i should we are
here we are heat all right and wouldn't
mute itself but I think I finally got it
too oh great this ain't no this is not
Batman's hi everybody welcome the sunday
night ack f / awesome mega cream we're
gonna do with a quick customary audio
check hey things are on so I was talking
to people in the the chat before we got
going and I yeah yeah I let them know
why we were late that we were filming
the last major space cop same and how
did you feel about that I felt okay
about it they they want to know what its
gonna be done I don't I don't know what
it's gonna be done this is a shitload of
editing and effects that are gonna need
to be done but it's getting there hard
part is the you know getting it in the
can so you know there's some like pickup
shots here in there i know i need to get
out there's one really really small
scene we need to film but we could do
that to spot whenever yeah and i am
tired i am tired uh Jack did not have
time to get up Arkham Asylum ready
downloaded in time because you know
filming what a lot later than we thought
it would it really did but they told me
that the filming you know I didn't even
have any I didn't even have any skin
roll like I I feel it'll be like a
couple minute but oh no you know it's
you should know but I know I know way
better'n all right
I've just adjusted mine and riches
volume so tell me tell me how you feel
about our volumes now I keep on hearing
that that rich yes you loud and I'm too
quiet oh hello my baby hello Pat Allen
hello my rectangle what what wait with
your downloading Arkham now you're
downloading our come out fuck what the
fuck indeed guts going nuts thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it yeah i'm downloading Arkham Asylum
right now and I'm pretty close to being
done but while we wait um I'll just tell
you a little bit about the game we're
gonna play before we before we get crazy
Terry Cavanagh is the guy who made
vvvvvv and super hexagon along with a
bunch of other games that I really enjoy
and he just came out with a new game
that is that you can play for free if
you go to his website Terry Cavanagh
gamescom and it's called moving stories
and here it is I'm actually going to
olin I'm going to adjust the vlog Oh
Donna um so I don't know what this game
is and I don't know anything about it
and we might have dropped the stream
because I don't see it what hey and
we're losing rich everything is terrible
basically still pink stuff what oh my
god Richie just turned into a robot I
don't know I well hey oh hey look what's
new hey rich yeah quintal thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
ok so this is a game called moving
stories and that that's literally all I
know about this game is that Terry
Cavanagh made it and I'm gonna play it
because he made it as far as my voice I
think I think my internet is covered in
snow oh sure yeah okay sorry sorry I
interrupted you because I'm a jerk you I
mean you are we're gonna work we're
working on Rich's internet okay so this
is the cab
ah packed it already fuck what the fuck
indeed Liz 6005 thank you very much for
subscribing avan everyday dildo um ok
let's see what else do we need here oh
we probably need a razor I need a razor
oh this music is very soothing Oh to
have a nice rest yet jack we need the
cat I can't fit the nice dresses anymore
oh hey mittens ok we cannot we cannot
pack the catridge well that's that's
well good well I know that good for you
Oh travel card I don't know what that is
but we need that um to me your plugs Oh
a book you know what often times you
need a book ok ok I don't know because I
don't know and i said no i can't i can't
fit the party clothes to hear mug don't
those thus did I'll tell you this one
that fork and the knife from the top
right corner yeah that seems to useless
to not be like a trick like that's
probably like highly useful ok you know
oh I'm gonna guess that we might want
that that fork and knife sure ok I
packed to the fork and I've oh oh I just
seen it i seen the chat here someone
says someone said back the cat toy first
and then maybe you could that's why i
can't pack the cat toy though I can't we
can't get that cat okay we only have
four spaces left we can fit we can fit
either post-it notes or the family photo
and I fit that ukulele I cannot fit the
ukulele if i get rid of the book
actually we can get rid of mr. or the
fork and the knife i have the fork in
the knife ok we need the fork in the
knife I got r you know what I got rid of
mr. snuggles ok unless you think we'll
need that do you think we'll need mr.
snuggles I have no idea I no idea what
this game is what's going to happen in
this game let's bring mr. snuggles
let's bring mr. snuggles and the family
photo so we have razors a passport
travel card earplugs two suits a book a
fork knife mr. snuggles a family photo
some chocolate a mug and our everyday
dildo okay sonos oh when i clicked ready
everything else went in the trash all
right this is everything somebody told
me we miss a subscriber but I don't see
it we got I don't see that if we did we
can't pack the potted plant we already
checked that okay no we got we had to
subscribers guts going nuts and Liz 600
something and we got both of them I
believe okay okay oh and a new one Morel
burl Maxfield marlborough like the
cigarette Maxfield thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
okay so now it's saying finally got
promoted I'm not going to have much time
for casual wear at my new job power
lunches oh cuz we have the knife and
fork and the suits it's lonely at the
top mr. snuggles okay okay so i think
it's creating a story based on the five
legs back yeah yeah which I kind of like
I'm the everyday dildo is for ten years
of service at my job really know oh and
the dildo and the teddy bear together
says I need these for the main project
in the latest craft monthly
ah this is victory chocolate for when I
become CEO razors I hate summer time
let's see here's they still won't cover
my damned travel costs that's what the
travel card is for the book is called
the virtue of selfishness an old family
photograph my mother worked so hard such
an inspiration okay that's it okay oh my
god thanks for helping me up a god damn
it it's it's not it's close though oh
god here we go all right answer oh oh
hey there's a transport bug oh ok I have
the trash I think I'm gonna take the
trash out is that everything else that
it didn't pack I put in the trash your
go oh why she's throwing her shit off
that's apparently that's what happens oh
here's the dumpster did she put the cat
in the trash no I can't still in the
house throughout every day clothes party
clothes I can't give these to the
charity shop they hate couture got fed
up having it on my suits cat toy oh we
got rid of the cat toy 2000 not the cat
toy right no place for ukuleles in the
boardroom rich okay just one thing left
gonna go somewhere else can I just walk
away not a thing I could do I don't know
I don't think I can no oh wait maybe I
can go over here to the park to our side
do we can do get over here I just walk
into traffic no ha ha ha ha what a
terrible thing that its ass Oh haute
couture Cherie right transport box I can
put the cat in the transport box yes you
can ok the cat is in the transport box
oh there's a knock on the door rich oh
it's so hard to fail Suzie azum what I'd
just want come on die right now Arkham
is is loading not not not because of
that just cuz the long day ice 10 crawl
up and die that's all oh she says hey
boss oh this is this must be our intern
or something thanks so much for offering
to take care of the cat for me oh no
problem so we got it we got some lady to
take care of our cat see you sucker ok
by the way we'll be doing performance
reviews when you're back right oh this
is our this is our employee saying I'll
take care of cat but this this should be
good for my performance review I'm still
waiting for game to start I would love a
game to start but you know listen oh I
must have forgotten to say I'm moving to
a different division now oh that bitch
thanks so much you're such a help our
lady is a bit of a bitch she got this
other lady to help with the promise of
good performance reviews but we don't do
performance reviews for her division
that's right praeis what the fuck indeed
thank you for subscribing haha we very
much appreciate it the story just got
real all right
let's get out of here let's go oh oh
that's my cab okay rich it's time to go
oh good we have our suitcase and we're
leaving I'll take your word for because
I'm watching the Sun delay sure sure Oh
aah game over game over what why what
happened oh what happened wait we got a
new item it said new item and gun little
game just leaving euros what the fuck
what the fuck indeed crocodile brain
hold on which makes a new story every
time you pack maybe hey crocodile brain
thanks for subscribing we very much
appreciate it alright alright Jack let's
try this one more time yeah let's try
this one more time okay the cattle be
okay yeah it's the same set the cab will
be here soon but if i click on my sucio
we do have a handgun now so obviously
we're packing that okay what do we get
out and then let's play it lets up pack
some party clothes well what about what
are the different clothes called there's
party clothes everyday clothes and the
suits all right party clothes yeah dildo
dildo of course done yeah and gun uh cat
can you pack the cat we can't pack the k
if we put the cat in the suitcase it
walks out but we put in walks out it
walks out of the suitcase I the fuck
back
Maximilian dude thank you for
subscribing to what is this game called
again moving adventures um the fancy
dress the handgun no the dildo wait I
want to put in the family portrait and
that's it I have the cat toy if I put
the cat toy in does the cat stay no no
let's leave the best let's leave the cat
out of it let's let's try and make our
own scenario for what she might be up to
ok party clothes dildo gun and what I
don't know uh maybe just that is that a
razor maybe the razors to shave your
legs look guys you know der got the
razor CC if we'll see if we get
something that's entirely different from
what do you want the you and the ukulele
yeah yeah yeah throw the ukulele in
there ok all right let's see it you
wanted to just back that say f
everything else just the ukulele well
know ukulele party clothes dildo oh yeah
yeah okay yeah let's see what happens it
my passport where's my passport as we
need the passport alright alright
alright that's it we got the passport
everything else alright this is
everything I just broke up with brad
says the particles I hope he's still fit
this ukulele it will be a great way to
make new friends let's see here oh the
everyday dildo it was Brad's favorite oh
she still hates summertime rich
okay what does the gun say gonna try
chatting up that cute guy down at the
firing range oh ok that's it I I was
hoping she would want to kill brad that
would be great that's that's what I was
going for but all right all right thanks
for helping me pack see what happens now
that is how about haha alright next time
business suit gun and passport oh I
think we need to take out the trash okay
we need to take out the trash to kind of
make the next thing happen right yeah
let's trash everyday clothes Brad got
more mileage out of these than I did
what Brad a crossdresser that's the
implication no more going to this to his
shitty work dinners oh this is all about
this is all da brand those were Brad
suits this time yep oh my god the
earplugs say I couldn't stand to hear
him grunting during sex cooking for two
we're throwing away that book so this is
just a breakup story oh and we're
keeping the chocolate let's see if we
can get assassin with business suits gun
and passport okay just one thing left
well let me have to leave the plan I
like that I like this
nearly row nearly ready to go where you
have to get her cat I'm your cat in your
cat care okay ooh there's a knock at the
door oh it's Brad oh no or it's a guy oh
yeah it's in his bread oh no Brad hey
hey kitty kitty take a dead cat get out
of my wife pretty much okay bye he did
he just took the cat and left what a
dick that brand is oh I'm so glad he's
out of our lives she just says bye i
guess oh that's my cab it's time to go
and game over this is so weird i love it
new item unlocked a bottle of urine rich
let me read that again new item unlocked
bottle of urine I heard I heard well I
know all those been that medical test
sure pregnant thing oh ok the cab will
be here soon ok so you want gun a gun
business suit and the passport oh thank
you I just want to try and get
assassination gun business suit passport
and that's it yeah sure ok let's see
what happens all right this is
everything time for my next covert
operation which you're brilliant this is
a no this isn't my real name it's not
even my fake name thanks for helping me
pack all right let's take the rubbish
out oh my god this is brilliant I can't
wait to see who comes to her door right
this could get it like this could get
really exciting ok let's trash spot oh
and everything is says spine out spy
dildos by knife by mug we should have
you know what we should have brought our
spinal though we weren't thinking always
pack the dildo that's the rule spy
ukulele one final matter to deal with oh
and like the music is all spy II now spy
bottle of your spy Hogan ok we gotta
pack the cat out just stop I'm sorry
kitty you know too much oh my god i just
killed it did you kill the
haha how this game is awesome now that
was great okay rich we just unlocked a
new item the severed hand nice what
first of all right so no one even came
to pick me up I clicked on the cat box
and and all of a sudden she just went
over to the cat said sorry you know too
much all right we should get this stuff
to pack thanks for so much for coming to
help me pack the cab will be here soon
okay so we have a severed hand uh-huh
which we need to pack and we should also
pack the bottle of urine right this is
all you this is all you okay that
nothing everyday dildo severed hand
bottle of urine razors and the fork and
knife this is sunflower fit in there no
the sunflower were not fit fit in any
gym no it's it's it's just two it's two
squares too large what alright I'm talk
Oh spy bottle of urine thank you for
subscribing oh that's a great name we
very much appreciate it um ah let's see
here what else do we need oh and
earplugs we probably need some earplugs
and
and and mr. snuggles right oh and
apparently we just always need that
passports or end the passport ready all
right this is everything I just broke up
with we'll just got the shirt on my back
now I think I can work out one naked
washing day a week at least I have you
mr. snuggles I'll always have mr.
snuggles I'm not bringing any clothes am
i letting myself go a little well
whatever I need these for the main
project in the latest craft monthly
right uh-huh it severed hand huh where
did I put the rest I hate summer time
right ah this is a lame one yeah bottle
of urine he let me keep this to remember
him by it's nice to pardon okay that's
it Oh another it's rubbish all right we
need to get weirder apparently about
nothing just pack nothing yeah maybe not
even the passport if it will let you and
then would you think I'll just stay or
or just yeah yeah are we could do just
the passport maybe she's like going with
nothing sure I don't know I don't know I
just threw away the gun perfectly good
gun
Oh apparently we always keep the
chocolate hi this is a boring one yeah
sorry everybody I mean after you kill a
cat though we need one just to kind of
even things out a little bit ok Oh Babel
box for the cat so somebody says dildo
in a severed hand hahahahaha yes that
might be a good one too oh I think this
is well lure lure gonzo says that yeah
give him credit the that german dude is
asking what my snack is tonight i am
having half a bottle of red wine well
thought you're gonna say half a urine oh
you're gonna get it oh well ok whilst
taking our cats all the best in your new
place thanks you too sucka
hope there's my cab all right
get out of here let's see what and you
know what we should see what else we
unlocked yeah oh we didn't unlock
anything oh okay all right now we're
gonna try some new stuff here thanks for
help me pack what do we what do we think
oh I know I leave it up to you my
options are either our dildo got longer
are dildoing the fuck what the fucking
deeds a powers thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it our everyday
dildo now takes up three spaces and I
want to say it before it's only took up
to all right I think there's I think
there's something to this game i think
the dildo because he's going back that
dildo jack well notice this well cuz
that's what we want we want the dildo in
the severed hand I sure oh it says we
need our pants for Hollen let's see what
happens if we just do nothing Oh if you
want to I'd does something I threw
everything else out ok now I can be one
with nature oh my god and she's naked
Yoshi haha she just gets naked and
leaves he was kind of great hahaha great
Terry Cavanagh only that man could make
a game about packing is so enticing she
just she's gonna get naked and run out
ah that is kind of peyton's get some
gold with nothing that was great we got
some pixel boobs all right let's what
are we trying now oh my god well we
could either drill in the hand or maybe
just the passport okay Ritchie she goes
somewhere else naked rich the dildo now
takes up four spots
really yes the dildo is comically large
okay okay so wait what was your idea
just the deal out oh I want to use the
dildo before it gets too big to taking
you back okay so just the dildo dildo on
the severed hand a severed hand in the
Pat well we need the passport or
possibly also the fork and knife but
dildos severed hand passport okay oh my
god alright this is everything I just
broke up with Jim oh we got to stop put
that dildo in their it leads to break up
stories right yeah this is just the this
we've already gotten this breakup story
we got it we got to stop putting that
dildo in their said no woman ever hey
now on it scrub first of all this dildo
is getting comically large oh oh by the
way look the the the season has changed
we are now in fall I are this okay we
know all this stuff I'm just clicking
past all this this is not a fun one I've
bottle of urine I don't remember if it
was hammer his or mine listen I know
some women prefer vibrators but we don't
know if this is a vibrating dildo we're
not making judgments go to the plant
next time instead of the garbage can oh
sorry sorry miss that I went to the
plant earlier and it said I couldn't
pack it I just needed to leave it
ever barring can i pick up these leaves
no can I walk into the street over here
no okay I think they're saying instead
of going to the garbage can go to the
sunflower after iPad or nah i went to
the sunflower like I can go to the
sunflower now and it says I can't fit
the plants I hope the new tenant takes
care of it after you pack maybe we'll
try it okay I'll put in the cat in a box
now you just gotta get through this one
yeah you can't the everyday dildo gets
bigger every day I know oh here's Jim we
have a very specific taste in men by the
way rich they all look alike here kitty
kitty he's gonna take the kitty okay but
the kid I can't put the cat in the
suitcase it just runs away hey by they
say put the toy in the suitcase not the
cat I've done I've done bone Oh put the
cat I don't like I don't think we've
yeah I don't think we've ever had one
where we just left the captain boy in
their bows ok there's my cab which I
guess try yes do I mean I still
downloading
done downloading but now I just I'm into
this game a little bit so we're gonna
yeah when you do this little arse at
least interesting yeah all right we
should get this stuff packed oh my god
rich the dildo is one now for by two
it's huge this is now it like this is
becoming a dangerous dildo I think
that's their way of letting you know
you're using it too much that's not
everyday dildo no that is not a menace
special occasions only okay what do we
want to do now what do we want don't
don't know in urine no no I think I
think you're right i think we need to
not take the dildo just just the
passport guess the passport just the
passport i'm in candy and a candy bar
passport in chocolate that's it we
wanted for the trick can you take the
trash can oh my god rich that's
brilliant ola no we can't take the trash
can but good thinking okay so just the
passport and chocolate all right oh good
so we're gonna try all right this is
everything oh no it's another breakup
story utz oh this is lame how do we just
start over there's no option to skip out
everything yeah and if I go if I go to
the plant it just says the same thing
with the plan yeah I have to take out
the trash again all right okay hey
listen we tried sometimes we try Richard
yeah and what do we do when we yeah we
pick ourselves up chat cells to pack the
cab put it in the bag and immediately
hit Eddie okay i just tested okay well
we got it we gotta pack the cat yeah
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo let's just call this
break up stories well that's yeah i
should somebody saying you get break up
stories if you put too little okay i
know i don't know if they're speaking
from experience or just theory but well
you know it's i think that's like the
generic like you didn't unlock anything
new stuff ryan like that's fine yeah
nearly ready to go you know I have to
get the damn can out of here rich I rock
can I say Boop um boob oh there you go
glad to make a day Oh break up story
time it's gonna take a cab maybe you
should maybe we should stop dating men
that looks so much like they just break
our hearts written okay let's get out of
here there's our cab
aim / all right gluing sorry is right we
should get this stuff back how big is
the dildo now oh my god our everyday
dildo is now five by two basic everyday
dildo is bigger than the our everyday
the dildo could fuck the trash can okay
so we're just gonna try to get the cat
in there and hit ready right away ready
Oh nope cats outside how well we put all
the things I don't know put other things
in there too with the cat I don't I
don't know somebody wants me to sing the
what what what song I think they're
talking about the the Mr. Plinkett
Christmas yeah no thing yep what wad
what what lon what what what what what
what order one what would what would
what would what would what would what
what would 1111 wat wat wat wat wat wat
good so oh my groin oh my groin oh my
groin oh my groin oh my groin
oh my groin oh my groin oh my groin
I grind
oh I cry I I wanted to do another one
this year but we never did it I wanted
to do my god shaved my balls my god
shave my balls and I think he use a
rosti razor and I think he used rusty
razor her what what size not it out oh
please not a cat shave my groin bossed
my cat shaved my balls my god shave my
balls okay I see someone in the chat say
we should pack fork knife severed hand
okay ready oh I like that combo and pad
apparently we need our passport to fork
knife severed hand go all right this is
everything what the fuck marsupial thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it oh I just broke up with
you yeah gak no oh it's another breakup
story thanks for helping me pack now
it's just another damn breakup story
gonna go to the cat oh if you present at
it birds maybe with more things in the
bag maybe we're just not putting enough
in there like put some clothes in there
too maybe won't what would a cannibal
where but every day goes okay so
everyday clothes fork knife hand along
your chart we're trashing right now we
have to get through it I don't I can't
sing our love is in love because I don't
remember how it goes
there was a lot of demand for a
standalone version of our lavas and love
and we will do it everyone I have the
files Jay has the files keeping the
chocolate don't even REM Bracco's your
love is hot my love is lovely your love
is hot my love is lovely and I love you
Bruno hasn't known gay came for feeding
frenzy jay came to me one day and it's
like oh we need a schmaltzy love song
for our main character to play during em
during this bar scene that were filming
can you write a really SH multi love
song I was like oh yeah I probably could
you know he knows I did music and
you know I'm pretty good at working fast
it's like okay great we're filming
tomorrow he goes there the song doesn't
need to be done but we just need like a
basic beat and words so our character
can like sing along and so I wrote that
song in less than six hours you know I i
had the song completely done in less
than six hours our love isn't that's
fantastic I had no idea that was the
case I mean maybe not the next day but
it was it was like one of those things
were his like I only had a couple days
yeah to complete the song so uh our love
is love game and he says he said the one
the one piece of uh the one piece I need
is it needs to say love a lot that's it
hmm easy sale of a lot us okay so i
called it our love isn't love we're so
in love that I love is in love love is
in the atmosphere a lot of vocal
enhancement yeah oh yeah ah so okay bye
i guess we gotta get rid of this breakup
story well here--here's the thing we get
one more break up story we we stopped
this absolutely hold on i would have
brick check on steam oh hey yeah as
you're seeing miss teen uh oh ok Batman
is not done yet Batman is that 60 stop
done yet not done yet I think you said
it was almost done only 65 I thought it
was done it was like well you know what
the oh oh i see i was reading it wrong
there's a low oh god what we can put
there's other games we can play Rick
don't work okay you don't have to we
don't have to play moving stories on on
even though this is lovely
okay what are we trying for the cab will
be here soon oh my god try the cannibal
with more stuff rich bag but look at our
everyday Delta I can't see it yet rich
I'm swimming it's won't even fit in the
bag anymore it's too big to fit in the
baggage it says moving stories by
Stephen and Terry it's a giant Delta
it's so big just a giant penis why would
they do that why are they do TV waiting
is a bit of a penis no and by the way
for anyone asking you cannot rotate any
items to fit them in and I can't I also
cannot move it like I can't move it from
this area can I throw it away okay I've
put it in a garbage let's let's go for
musical career okay ukulele ah party
clothes I don't know we have party
clothes or everyday clothes if we're
going for musical career with probably
own party club sure
coker do we want sip see pink scarf yeah
we want to sure sure why not okay we'll
need some razors we'll need a passport
maybe some earplugs for the other bands
what's that little red thing with like
the wasn't an arrow on it yeah right so
that's the travel card yeah we'll
probably want that what does a travel
card I don't know i can only assume it
helps you travel okay what a travel card
how would your plugs combo with music I
think we so should we get rid of like
the scarf I don't know wait a minute
rich wait a minute okay I have a weird
idea I'm listening getting rid of
everything in the Indian right now ok ok
we have a coffee more ideas yeah coffee
mug and bottle ririn ready shares my
passion slow you don't don't do just
those two things cuz that's been that's
been biting us in the ass ok I regular
clothes come yeren severed hand
everyday clothes boom up urine severed
hand then nor knife and fork and knife
and fork knife 94 ready shit where's my
passport okay apparently we need our
passport okay okay let's let's see what
happens all right this is everything I'm
moving in with sip inks with who that's
the name that's like the randomly
generated name of our boyfriend is a
Pink's Oh wonder where he well this is
kind of different it's not a breakup
story I won't I hope the Pink's won't be
jealous if he finds this it's so hard to
part with some things I don't know why I
have such sentimental attachment to the
jar of urine this is not a cannibal
there has to be a cannibal story in here
somewhere Ryan yeah we have a severed
hand why else would we have a severed
hand I don't know these are getting
boring though agreed well cuz nothing
new is happening we can't figure out the
next piece of the puzzle fearful sludge
boy says rich let the clock run down I'm
not playing the game oh okay well Jack
was playing the night this is a jack
stream this is a Jo yeah sorry this is a
jack stream because of the terrible snow
here in Wisconsin rich couldn't get to
the studio and we haven't fixed his
internet yet some same cookbook maybe
they hain't maybe the book is a cookbook
with the knife in the phone sure that
could be also what happens if we let the
clock run out I can only assume then
we'll just run naked yeah is then
nothing will be packed well we could
give it a shot well we could miss the
plumbing but we got to sit around for
three and a half minutes away for that
packet ahead yeah we you know what
please kill some time I'm sure we have
some stories to tell I'm sure Oh
Oh who is this mom hi I knew you weren't
mature enough to take responsibility for
a cat thanks for helping mom Master twig
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it welcome to moving stories
when I was your age I had three children
yes mom three children and a husband yes
ma'am and my husband had a job thanks
for helping mom okay we get a nagging
mama some different mm-hmm I think she
didn't see my everyday dealt oh I
suppose I'll see you for Christmas then
yes mom thanks so much I only assume the
British what the mom yeah it's kind of a
dead different bum nope that's my test
yes mom yes I've call us mom
okay okay right we should get all the
stuff pack then o our everyday dildo is
now back to normal size okay the Baltic
okay okay what are we trying to do for
cannibal hand look book my fork knife
fork ready shit where's my passport ah
and okay ready alright this is
everything I just broke up with no guys
ah come on we're done we're done we got
another breakup story we're done I'll do
you have a closed anything and no I did
you look close in or anything okay all
right but I think that was your mistake
jack you think I have to put closing
yeah everybody keeps saying in the chat
that if you don't put enough in there
you get a break up story
alright one more shot one more shot i'll
put closing alright one more shot I want
to get I want to get this cannibal thing
because I'm sure that's cool don dohler
thank you for subscribing your movies
are terrible now that there is a
longtime viewer yeah yes absolutely you
know it's his attention yes oh man have
you guys seems that it's fantastic
listen zent don dohler wasn't that don
dohler that was guardian a galaxy
invader gallons invader that's when i
teach tonight peace we saw night beast
in galaxy jesus H Christ okay
oh I gotta get the cat the damn thing I
cat in your thing it in your think at
look at the door oh it's our boyfriend
it out of your boyfriend I don't care
about you honey how many sets of
clothing can you fit in the suitcase I
don't know if I know do we go for
fashion model the party clothes like the
scarf one of the other dresses if it'll
fit tariff yeah I mean why not
okay Campbell be here soon suitcase all
right so what are we trying far close
okay so party closing everyday clothes
fill up the suitcase completely look at
those should we try that well loving let
me add super picture cuz i'm lagging
behind I sure what clothes pretty close
and what and everyday clothes let's just
see what happens okay the suitcase is
full Oh what about my past farm where's
my passport stop the average clothes cuz
a fashion model might not wear everyday
clothes your fancy okay just maybe one
suit do the business suits fit any of
the businesses oh oh I can fit both
business suits and I still have more
room for stuff do we have room for that
scarf that's close no well and the scarf
is our X car fighters like boyfriend
scarves we cannot fit the scarf that
might not be blood French Guards in a
different context you know it is it's
Rick this scarf i'm picking it up right
now I could tie Ric ich6 scarf what does
that mean that's his you know that's a
name that's his name how do you know
that cuz the names get weird every time
it's this is the this is the
ex-boyfriend scarf I could get rid of a
suit at the scarf pocket I don't want me
to do that I'll sort razor if your model
razor she got to look pretty ok let's
try what about our travel card and
travel card or a book a Travelcard
travel card racer babakov razor and I
have one more little square so I could
fit either I could fit the earplugs or
the severed hand your plugs or a fork or
a knife your call
we're going for fucking fashion model
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it I'm
just maybe the book no I can't fit the
book I'd have to take out the travel
card to put put in the book 300 you only
got the one I'll have one square has the
book is text fine all right that's it yo
okay let's see what happens right this
is everything I just broke up with Rick
r XX oh really then another hipster
break up stories fuck this game yeah not
fuck this game is this a free it's a
free game and you know we had some fun
with it yeah yeah I do I like I want
something else
I just I want not break off store yeah
you know what I agree with everyone
we're turning off me but still a fun
experience for for a game that you can
play for free the hours worth of
gameplay we got out of it was worth it
for me well what's our eta on Arkham I
don't know i'll i will check do you have
to do do do a lot i'm thrown everything
out I least wanna you know end the game
legitimately all right all right 222222
okay just one thing left to do
okay nope
put the cat in the box yeah your Kent Oh
someone's at the door it's redic 6rx
boyfriend his name is Rick six hey hey
yeah out of here that's how changes uh
yeah no I don't think cats are would do
anything we can't get the cat can't just
goes or stays it's a breakup story the
cat goes I think the cat always goes I
think that's part of the thing we didn't
you never tried packet the toy good
night that once no I don't know that I
care enough to see what happens if you
do are you here about that jay is is
that Jane yeah he's got a reminder it's
jay read Little Jane what the hell is
this well jaysus thing where you pack a
suitcase and your boyfriend breaks up
with you over and over again this it's a
game called moving stories and you have
to pack different things and it tells
you different stories apparently but we
keep getting the same story but ninety
ninety percent of the stories you get
our I broke up with my boyfriend but
look you get a pink dildo though it's a
winner okay I'm packing the cat toy just
get I'm just packing the cat good still
doing this okay okay well you tell me to
pack the goddamn cat toy and packing the
cat toy the cat toy the family portrait
the everyday clothes and the gun now get
rid of that dildo ever that's huh we're
at eighty-three percent you get you you
you get rid of that dildo I'm just
walking away and I throw myself in the
dumpster
we're out the bins I'm walking into
traffic gonna click on a car nope didn't
work what do I just wait out here for a
while well my characters start crying i
I don't I don't I'm gonna stop lying
again this is what I'm gonna do right
wanna stop like yeah that's good you
guys sounds good swatches for a little
bit when I stopped playing the game and
I'm gonna get a big glass of water cuz
this wine it's making me dry ah it's all
bareback uh which that's asking me to
think of something I have no control
here absolutely zero control where we
are at the beck and call of jack tonight
it's true I know he's broken up
boyfriend six times I I'm gonna go get a
big thing I want to rich entertain
everyone from I can't play x come i'm at
my house with shit internet it's all in
jax hands there's gonna be no x comma
I'm sorry I wouldn't mind doing XCOM
would not mind that at all but oh man oh
man so how's everybody doing everybody
having a fine evening well I've sit here
filling time I hate it when people do
this to me it's like I got nothing to
talk about I got no game to play I'm
just sitting here I am just sitting here
I sung for you earlier I can't do that
again singing is out the window I'll
just sit here quietly will sit we'll all
sit here quietly and we'll wait for Jack
to get back so something can happen on
the screen anything can happen anything
happening would be nice now nothing is
happening and this is just this is just
terrible rich are you real I think so I
weren't real you wouldn't be hearing me
talk so so yes I think you'll all be
happy to know with my obsession with
death runs ah I did I did pull off a far
cry 3 blood dragon no death run for
happy about that yeah oh you're back you
were there the whole time just letting
me sweat it out Jack I know I know I
know that about you I got something I
got some water
all right go look up we don't have long
don't have very long it up come asylum
okay what do we got the segaki yeah
that's we got it simple um I have one
other thing that I was gonna play
browser because we can't play anything
in steam the other thing or a loot stops
the download ooh find my jingle jingle
jambul medieval I mean it obviously I
don't think we'll be anywhere near as
exciting as moving the storm right this
is richie on me perfect and that was a
gen yon it was just perfect timing yeah
well i was and i like that uh I can hear
I am somebody somebody wants me to not
talk for a minute so they can get a
bingo jack does that make any sense with
a bingo bingo well I'm I'm you know what
a big me wants to believe part of me
wants to believe that the chat has
created some kind of previously recorded
bingo game we're based on what happens
in the chat oh no you get like a number
that would be great if that that's true
so okay what would be on the previously
recorded bingo obviously rich large
brings up mass effect starting late so
they got really somebody says crocodile
brain somebody says crying I mean we
haven't said the lion brain what we just
did oh wow that count if somebody can
the bingo we will we will totally
fuck it up for you well we can we can't
look at it or else hacking a hack and a
half bingo how to play somebody sent me
a link right here oh my god
visit half and a half bingo and print
out one copy of this game card for each
player refreshing the page before each
print or have the players print their
own bingo cards he has to the website i
guess it's randomized oh these
instructions will not be printed you can
also select a embeddable card only
version of the game or a multiple card
