Episode 166
NaNaNaNa Batman: Arkham Asylum (Part 3)
January 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1edE10dLzcU
___________________________________________

see first person out now which is weird
I can't use my bad vision
all right
that's it's it's it's the optional
arty-farty room it's like you go go in
there every now and then after some
things are happened and the Joker might
have some new things to say you know
extra story zach is counting any finding
his work space closest jack is getting
through this pretty fast actually no you
still have not died no that doesn't mean
it won't happen no certainly not how do
I get good at XCOM base management for
me practice practice practice is trying
to take over the island piece by piece
strategy most people use um throw it in
the water I've never found much use for
laboratories I'll be back maybe I'll use
workshops if III really need engineers
badly how do you get good at home
decorating user2 77221
you ever thought about using the air
compressing air air compressor and and
some paint just get various colors of
paint and an air compressor and you know
well see what you end up with but you
also it's not just an air compressor you
also need a some sort of
- but to put the painting probably let's
get the paint in the - tube to the air
compressor and just let it fly see what
happens
you keep asking so I'm gonna answer I
have not played dragon aging position so
I can't tell you what I think about it
I played any of the Dragon Age what
counter oh hold it down you might be
gonna get too early or too late probably
too
like if you're here in the middle of a
punch animation you might not you might
not do it sure you can take take the
combat a little bit slow if you want you
got a handle on the rhythm you don't
have to keep mashing action just get
like X X X and y XY Y Add button
take it easy smooth it's a flow it's not
a sprint it's the flow yeah smooth this
is my oh yeah okay okay that's what you
are
I get it cute little thing which makes
it disturb like Harley's always like
written that line between life gets a
minute and innocence but here with like
her tits hanging out in her ass hanging
out it's a little harder to buy the
innocent routine she hasn't blocked yeah
just a style thing I'm not a super fan
of the redesign either but still oh yeah
it's not gonna make me hate the game
no no no so far nothing has made me hate
the game just a bunch of little things
just a bunch of little things and none
of them yet have added up to me hating
the game right hello grapple point I
think I'll take you and you still
haven't gotten to a point thus all
sections where your past like
hand-holding like take it easy Anya I I
you might not feel the same but I
actually do really like the self oh you
know no I'm not
I'm not so far I do not hate on anything
that's true we make it a thing
shed a stretched how do you deal with
your inhuman girth shorn less you horn
shoehorn all right shoehorn with what
what oh that's a good question beyond
infinite is this better than moving
stories yes well you know what they're
different moving stories was meant to be
played for 45 minutes and we got it we
got a solid 45 minutes of laughs out of
that game art which might still say
moving stories oh my god it does Jesus
Christ
I gotta tell you something
back on back onto our come here you know
that cutscene you just got with with
with the Harley I didn't get that the
first time cuz I thought you know the
dumbest fucking thing Batman could do is
walk through the front door so I
actually went to the roof and looked for
another entrance first I'm sorry
everyone for not updating this dream I
did not update this dream by the way
it's okay how do I grapple again there's
a thing over there I want to get it but
I can't later you're looking at the
question later yeah that's fine
that's fine controller wise if I'm being
critical yeah
which you know guess what I'm always
gonna be that's what um I don't like it
that I have to take my thumb off of the
camera button to rhyme okay you know
because I use that a lot I like looking
around with the camera button and when
you run you can't you have to hold on to
a and so you have to take my thumb off
the camera button to run and so then I
don't feel like I get to look around as
much you know even if you don't like the
game that's that's fine because I still
do know your opinion doesn't have to
invalidate mine no no no what I'm doing
all right having a Batman moment where I
see things to grapple on so I grapple on
it but the actual the actual solution
here is to open the great great that's a
fair complaint Jack thank you fearful
sludge boy I thought that was a fair
complaint I drew Oh is this just how to
get in here in the first place oh no
okay all right great
everything's great everything is awesome
everything is possible
everything is possible that way no I
want to go this way or do i oh no I
guess I'm going this way you're you're
opening those vents vents much faster
now Jack well now I know how now I know
how H that's the key bluetooth says
Batman is very degrading I get it I get
it
you took it well really that all that
was was you took a different path we
encourage you to take different paths
game developer why does he need the
doctors I've got to save them all right
we've got to save the doctors rich looks
like we have ourselves another little uh
little play area a stealthy play area oh
yeah we got some gargoyles great that's
how you know it's a stealthy play area
when there's gargoyles
but what's over here let's see what's
over here there's some vents this is a
good stealth section Jack yeah how how
are you going to play it are you just
gonna kick people in the face with me
well no I found some I found some grates
under the floor okay oh my god I'm
underneath what upgrade did you buy for
that other upgrade your head hang down
from the gargoyles okay okay I am now
underneath everybody
rich how is it that you can eat so
grotesquely how how is it you can eat so
grotesquely oh it's because it's just
fuck off because they've only seen me
eat for comedy on half in the bag
cheeseburgers now apparently that's
that's how I eat oh okay well you can do
the corner takedown they walk by guys
with guns yes ask a dumb question
I don't actually I don't think I can do
any good to where I am right now it's my
real thing I think I need to go back up
so I'm just gonna nonchalantly walk
around it take your time you haven't
died yet I want to see you I want to see
you keep going I want to I want to see
this last you don't have through that no
death round laughs yes I love the no
death run Jack you know that about me I
do know that about you
Jack you see that that exposed bit of
floor that then that's see-through piece
of floor see through the floor I don't
know if you're still in that area with
that weird cage no okay well I thought I
could get in there but I couldn't
anything I could have I'm saying there's
things you can do with explosive gel
like this is spot of the floor that's
weak put you on top of that and when
they walk by sure that's what they want
you to do
okay well right what floor thing I see
now I just want to see it hold on I just
want to see it rich I didn't even know
what you're talking about and you know
this is actually just part of the
problem with the game in general is
knowing what to look for
yeah what do you talk about a
see-through smaller thing well it's not
in the area or in right now
oh I see oh rich that was officially
backseat gaming you were telling me
something I didn't see all right all
right all right this is I'm just I'm
trying to encourage you to do things
other than jump down and kick people
that's it that's it sure I get that but
that was that might have been that might
have been too much all right all right
no don't do it you don't have to do that
oh I've already done it okay I just need
to figure out how to figure out when
someone walks by this thing
I know I wanna know if I can get to the
other side with oh oh no okay I get it I
know what I can do now I know what I can
do okay
anyone get shocked them off of that yeah
yeah check your checking scorecards
everyone for which sexy Jamie yeah they
got that one earlier I gave it to him as
a freebie yeah wait I want to get up
Lamar I don't want to be here
I want to get to the gargoyles so I can
see when someone is on that Jam oh here
comes right now ready okay ready for it
oh no I press the wrong button press the
wrong button rich I'm sorry I'm gonna
have to go kick someone now
oh no wait this could work in my
favorite nope I'm just going to wait
forever so far you've taken out zero
people zero people no I know cuz I keep
waiting I want to I want to do this
first oh is this the secret secret
secret
Riddler quest to because there's a
question mark there that's one of them
yeah okay I don't give a fuck about
secret likewise right now I'm just
playing what have to you don't have to
hmm
there's no obligation
everybody's calm right now I
accidentally sprayed more bat explosive
spray over there look those guys are
kissing all right we're gonna I just
want I want you know I'm gonna get
someone in this trap and then I'm gonna
go so everyone consider this like a
break hey Jack fate I have not failed
yet at Bingo I've not failed in I
haven't upgraded in a while I don't
think I can upgrade yet sindermann yeah
I sprained my bat goof
let's bring my bat you all over to Plews
okay I'm ready I'm ready
oh my god can I get it to firm this one
are you gonna meet right there maybe no
I'm not by the way but here comes step
on the damn glass you jerk where you
going
oh my god I'm gonna be here forever I'm
just gonna be here forever yeah I I'm
not trying I will try stealth after I
blow this guy through the glass thing oh
wait here comes okay here comes wait I
want to see this in real graphics ready
with your mouse he's out did you get him
yeah I got okay I got one
oh if I can get a guy to come over here
come on up here come on up here check it
out what are we gonna do shut up and
keep looking
I don't want to worry you boys no he's
in a different level yeah
I'm gonna get him now
he's coming now I'm gonna get him all
right I'm gonna get you gonna get you
get you yep here comes come on over here
I'm gonna get you come here whatever
button prompts take it things are not
going so buttons are hard when you don't
know the buttons they're hard
so did you die no no I did not die oh my
god after you hang down there's a little
button that says you know silent take
down but I had pressed the drop button
before that why would you want wrap at
all cuz I thought drop meant drop on
home and take oh no well I know that now
right oh no you gotta be perfect or
you're dead yeah yeah I absolutely have
to be perfect or I'm dead this may be
the first death yes 100% I'm I die now
because I because I was because I
assumed I assumed a button did something
and it did not assumptions people Oh
fucker give you a freebie but you don't
like to do that I'll give you a freebie
but you don't like it when I do that you
already gave me a freebie friend I don't
I can I can do this I can do this like
we got a guy who's alone over here I
think I can take him out maybe don't
quite understand like yet it's gonna
happen again the facility yes no I don't
think I can grab him kidding can't grab
him no no he's not right underneath me
they're all looking for you now yeah I
know
no I can't I'm gonna kick him I'm gonna
you know what I'm gonna go back to the
old standby and I'm gonna kick him
there's too many open places if you
kicked out kick down one guy and make a
noise they'll all turn around they'll
all see you and they'll all start
shooting I don't think you try sneaking
up behind them and doing the silent
takedown try it it might work it works I
got I got him hanging from the I got him
hanging from the deals get out of Dodge
see somebody hanging from The Gargoyle
they they they know you might be up near
there
yeah find the bet oh are you into
something fun are you still looking at
the guy who's dangling yeah they're the
battering at the Rope I can cut them
down yeah if you do it whether if you're
doing it when they're staring at them
they'll be start oh wait I got a guy
alone over here quiet Jack quiet use
detective it's not cheating you can see
that through walls you'll know if
they're around there's three guys right
yeah
are you a bad enough dude to take them
out oh my god my glide kick failed but
it's gonna be fine
I'm almost almost glad that my glad kick
failed so I wanna take that ya silent
takedown jack
yeah I put her to rest on the the glad
kills do you got one guy left you can do
this I know I'm some for some
inexplicable reason I still have faith
in you it's already done rich you don't
even need to worry about it
it is already happening
come on over there mates cuz they just
found the man down Oh yep they're on
their own okay great things are
happening rich I don't know if they're
good things they're for sludge boy says
this is the best best stealth gameplay
I've seen in a while that's can't be
true I'm not doing
and maybe
please firing I think your vector that
one gotta know that one guy up there
looks like he might be panic
when they walk backwards like that
they're usually panic
oh really
yeah
some guys left you might have me taken
out before oh my god oh there's so many
ways you can take guys on I'm just
watching I'm like why don't you do this
why don't you do this first time playing
the game oh I just don't know how to do
things in general but I think this guy's
alone now yeah okay I can take out this
guy I think if I can drop
wait here it's not safe yet
what I'm gonna get him okay
I got him
there's one there's only one left
there's only one bad guy left Oh in a
head in a jar look at that there's a
head in the jar that's me
might be a Riddler thing
my only thing picture of it I don't know
you could go into the menu and see what
the riddles are for this particular room
it'll actually tell you no I took a
picture
okay now we're gonna come and getting
this guy out you you jack what you're
doing it I don't know how but you're
doing it great you're crazy I'm doing
great
all right there was an option to grapple
under this thing earlier
Oh somebody says the head in the jars
from the Joker phone call oh you know
what you could do is that guy still on
that ledge on that grill you can hang
down and as he walks past you could do
that yeah oh man when I do the stuff I
love doing the variety of things also I
don't know how to like hang down first
oh there's a button project so you don't
hang down once you press up against the
button so wait I'm at a Ledge here and
it says climb and that just makes me
jump over it there's one that'll say
hang from wedge if I do I'll crouching I
climb over but then there's no good good
job jack what you you're survived yes
see you had no doubt yeah I'm pretty
great oh man like this I don't know what
one minute we were doing our evening
rounds and the next armed thugs burst
into the room and took us hostage
did they have anyone with them they took
someone into the yellow yeah when
they're hanging down and they walk by
you yeah yeah okay you're going to be
okay here we'll be fine
what about the others we heard gunfire
they could be dead we should go and help
oh no I forgot
dr. Kellerman was in the patient
observation room and dr. Chen went to
surgical why dr. Jung went to x-ray okay
okay stay here I'll find the other
doctor jack is an idiot savant at Batman
Arkham Asylum
I mean maybe they want me to do a little
flair whoo let me see if I can force it
that's hard to force I have trouble whoo
I mean I won I didn't know hey that does
not deserve a woo i won but it wasn't
like an astonishing victory it was a
100% sloppy and I you haven't dyed it
all yet makes them special okay so just
to practice yeah if I'm crouched and
press the a then I kind of flip over the
ledge yeah if I'm not over the ledge I
guess that's what happened before yeah
that's what happened to me while I was I
mean I ended up winning because I just
you know I was behind the I think that
one you saw that question mark when
you're a detective vision yeah did it
have a dot under the question mark no
it's kind of a puzzle if you line up the
question part with them dot and take a
picture that's the challenge okay and
what are these things unlock anything
fun or just uh you you if they do give
you points for upgrades so if you do a
bunch of those you'll upgrade a lot
faster also if you do all of them you
get the the ending to the Riddler story
no but I guess I can't do that anymore
because
blew it up oh no that is I see it's fine
yeah you actually have to blow that part
of the wall up so you can see the
question mark on the dot together all
right then what's the other see if I can
figure out a riddle
and then they'll they'll bounce when
their medical facility riddles yes what
you mean
oh yeah well for the rear you're at yeah
it should it only it only bounces that
you can I think so I specifically I
don't really remember but the morgue the
morgue
I want the run button to be somewhere
different I'm sorry that's okay
tick-tock newsflash someone is not
getting out of here alive is them oh I
need to go into the morgue now oh oh I
just keep saying oh don't worry about it
that's fun that's all I saw a vent yeah
and I thought I could get it to it but
it was on the wall I don't care about
interview tapes
oh no the interview tapes are fun I'm
sure they're fun but I don't care you
still pick it up you don't have to
listen to me Oh
I'm sure this way I don't remember
that's funny it's not my baby
shadow ID five says I came to these
chats to laugh at people miserably
failed that Jack is proving himself
worthy I don't know himself well I'm
thanks I suppose maybe in here what's
reception yeah too soon reception
there's glowing things to tell you where
to go Jack he can't figure it Bob oh
that's right that's right my magic
glowing vision hey there's a glowing
thing great doo doo doo doo doo there's
things in the map that flash yeah yeah I
know I know I was that really was silly
of me it was silly of me to say for one
second that I didn't know that see ya
look at this look at this Batman's
wearing the left is sighted screen right
I want to look around the corner but it
it's it's this corner so I can't look
around it cuz ballons in the fucking way
I Batman is on the left side of the
screen and that pisses me the fuck off I
don't know what it is it's just like
just don't like I just want Batman to be
in the middle of a goddamn scream
walking around I'm walking around cuz
I'm fat man there's two of them over
here that's weird
that's detective work oh you hate the
detective vision I hate not yeah I do I
do hate the detective okay I think
that's lame I don't I don't use it all
the time other times it's really pretty
useful pretty useful stop that's some of
the some of this more the more
complicated self bits where there's a
ton of guys around might be near
impossible without it the detective
mission at least at least using it every
now and then just go around
oh no no detective vision I don't my eye
I like detective vision I don't like the
follow the trail detective vision oh
yeah I really dislike that I don't like
the you need to find James Gordon he
left a clue for you and because by the
way so far he's dropped so much tobacco
from his pipe that there's no way he had
that much tobacco on him but anyway okay
miserable miserable man me yeah all the
time
okay I have an upgrade armor oh wait I
think well you like the combat right I
do like the comments you might want to
consider getting some like throws and
combo upgrade type things yeah that's
all up to you we did a stealth kill
upgrade so now combat upgrade let's see
here
yeah the combo throw because then you
can throw enemies into other enemies so
that'd be fine yeah but you also need
that yeah and you also need that to get
the leg breaker which I you know you can
tell I've talked about it so much break
their arm you break their leg and
they're instantly out of the fight I
picked up on your clues a and X and then
choose a direction to throw great what
the fuck what the fuck indeed rich I'm
looking I'm looking like say coaxes
psych psych coaxes cy k o u X is say
coaxes thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we do
yeah I see that structural weakness
whatsit I'm just here yes no maybe I'm
not sure I'm not paying enough attention
to tell you for sure I'm in the mental
ward and it's slowly driving me insane
it might before you're out of the mental
or jacket it we very well might this is
the thing what's the thing this was a
thing I don't know what thing you're
talking about
challenge
Riddler challenge in the sanatorium is
the generosity of our benefactors on the
wane what is the generosity of our
benefactors on the wane and so here is
the is the city of Gotham this Union
founded by Bruce Wayne yeah if you see
what you think is the answer of the
riddle hold that lb take a picture of it
right
cuz Wayne also means to lesson right
yeah okay so that's that's the pond so
I'll just know what altar fall third
although he's talking the riddle well
back yeah I can't all right
that's tough rich goes against every
fiber of my being but I will not back
seat game
no no I I'm you know I'm sure I also I
am trying to figure it out where it's
like me unable to be okay well now you
kind of have to tell me cuz I feel silly
you get a no I can't I can't then I'm
backseat gaming jac yeah they already
have their bingo cards IRA if they get
bingo today if they get shocked man do
you see the thing the riddle is talking
about yeah the the plaque for Bruce
Wayne then take a picture of it
okay another happen you sure yeah is it
still isn't marked off is completed
were you not framed up right do you need
to get cool sir button go into for first
person to look around is there something
you can hold down I think there isn't
one of the other games I don't remember
if there is in this one oh yeah
yeah saying subject to small I was I did
by the way I did take the picture and
then nothing happened so I kept looking
around okay so okay settle down everyone
everyone saw me take the picture but
then nothing happened because I had to
zoom in and that's not my fault I didn't
know I had to zoom in what I didn't know
you got it though and I I am proud of
you you know I had it before cuz it was
like oh you supplies are Bruce trying to
take a picture no that's not it okay it
must be something else but it was just
an arbitrary like you need to be
slightly close everything sir Blindy
says if it says subject to small that
means you're on the money just give it
just get a better shot oh and I didn't
even
and he says rich relay this place
alright okay earlier in the chat that
same person said rich thank you for not
backseat gaming jac I'm sure he's
enjoying this more because of yes so
which is it well i am i can either
backseat game or i cannot here's the
other thing rich i did not see it I did
not see where it said subject to small
okay I did not see that so by telling
you it says that I am backseat gaming is
true yes also hold on I gotta I gotta
get I've been wandering around because
we've been talking okay I have to go
through here but I need a thing to go
through here
and this says it was developed by Wayne
Enterprises an attack proof but I'm
Bruce Wayne I can hack it to anything
I'm sure at some point you might be able
to provide oh yes yes a bunch of these
things have come up and I see a wall
that I can bomb but I can't reach it so
I can't bomb it at a table here that's
weird
when he can't read then you intervene
yes that's true I can't read which is
often I am a little perplexed as what to
do here am I not supposed to fall I
think you remember where you came in
comes the first time dr. Harley doc
you're in that room you're in the room
where Harley and Gordon were that's the
other side oh okay that's the exit of
the building you're basically going the
wrong way
oh there you go there you go not
basically going the wrong way I am you
have to go back the way you came and
then some water isn't basically wet you
see your map then you follow that
through to the big room of the guards
were and then on the other side of that
room there's an other door oh and you
know I tried to get in this door and it
said it's locked sighs okay I'm just
looking around now
detective vision ended up i doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo I am Batman
Batman dude okay here we go kicking down
the door
the architecture doesn't really make
much sense does it
you know long twisty corridors a few
doors right I like it when games have
architecture that makes sense you know
there's a balance there's a balance
between making sense it's like like
thief some houses have bathrooms there's
no game play use for that it's just
there they're like the layout
they have kitchens and living rooms
hallways with multiple doors that lead
to like bedrooms that's amazing to me
yes and everyone wants you to spring but
when you walk you complain about the
website again that's true that's true
there's so many contradictions no no I
said I like walking in video games okay
that's not a contradiction I do like
walking in video games and here's the
thing I also like looking at the this
world this is the fun world to look at
and when I run I can't control the
camera which upsets me to no end so
that's why I walk a lot because then I
can control the camera and enjoy the
environment but if you guys want me to
sprint more
I haven't really looked because I use
the default controls are there are is
there an alternate control scheme out by
chance I suppose it's possible I have no
idea that there's a layout where the
sprint button is the one of the shoulder
buttons that could be then again you're
playing on PC they probably met there
anyway what do you say yeah leave it
cache can you control the ventilation
system in there
yes this is what I'm supposed to okay
everybody go to the blowing door go to
the blowing
yeah I like his boots
I like the Batman's boots suspense 21
says Jack plays little-known indie games
and we're all like what the fuck is this
but when Jack finally plays a triple a
game like Batman like oh god I'll
subscribe I'll subscribe just play
Binding of Isaac or something hahaha
right I thought you would find that
amusing good that a bad guy rich where
can I get the best gyro I live in
Milwaukee and you've said there shit
here yeah that kind of thing
they kind of are you need to go to a
place called Mickey zeroes in Oak Forest
Illinois off of Central Avenue around
about 130 ish something Street best gyro
right not not to be confused with Niki
zero which is a little bit further down
the street I haven't had them here oh
there I might be just as good I don't
know okay
I haven't died yet okay but I fall on
the gas a lot do you do you lose health
when you follow McGinnis and climb back
up or no maybe I can okay zoom so I see
a thing over here but I can't quite get
to it
use detective vision and see what's
going on
and I just backseat game this because it
it just became too much for me it was
too much I couldn't help it and I broke
down it became too much for you and II
and you have a microphone in my ear it's
like the chat I can ignore if they try a
backseat game right but you have a
direct link into into my skull so to
your brain yes okay so now I should be
able to get to where I was this is why
they have to protect division what am i
no and you're right this is this is me
being a big dumb dummy yep
and not using the tools that I have been
given so I'm gonna so go ahead and say I
accept that backseat gaming as valid
this guy I just kind of want to cut down
if he's a bad guy but what if he's not a
bad guy what if he's like looking to
change his ways he obviously has like
superb upper body strength cuz he's been
just hanging there for a while if I
rescue him do you think he could be like
an ally no he's just like the punch
inator I don't think that he just
punches dudes even if I didn't know what
happened I wouldn't think that
I don't want to fall on the gas is what
he's saying that just makes me want to
push you in the gas I'm sorry he does
have some I thought was for a while I
thought he was like tied there it was a
kook around his arm or something but
yeah yeah he's yes oh my god by the way
I think I have to make him fall on the
gas uh-huh
but he's not a bad guy well I mean he's
probably a bad guy but I don't know that
he's a bad guy he hasn't done anything
bad in front of me won't kill him
because it's a Batman game and they
won't let Batman kill somebody I mean
you'll you'll do things in this game
which by all rights should Pete kill
people but he's you scan their body
it'll still say they're unconscious sure
I've like like you think in Arkham City
I accidentally knocked somebody off of a
skyscraper and then at the bottom you go
check them out says they're unconscious
Joker gas in this game is apparently
less fatal then can be in the comics
scan him and see if I kill them I I will
bet you did not
Oh sir you know rich yeah take a look at
him
uh he looks kind of dead what does the
scanner say detective vision Jack oh my
god he's unconscious but can you see him
yet because you see how broke he is I'm
sure he looks terrible no you will see
it in a second look look at his spine
this man is broken not what he's fine
he's your son Qaeda's nobody said his
back wasn't broken horribly he's somehow
not dead and so what's gonna happen now
I'm gonna go okay I'm gonna go talk to
this guy over here and he's gonna be
like oh hey did you find Jim the inmate
he rescued us earlier
now where's Jim the inmate oh he's not
gonna say that I know he's of course
he's not gonna say that but I didn't
know all I'm saying is I didn't see that
dude do anything evil so Batman is kind
of a prick what's going on well that's
Batman he is kind of a prick okay what
are you doing over there
yeah help you even stand behind you
creepily once you're crippled you can't
commit any more crimes Sheriff Batman
should just cripple the Joker I'm gonna
get right in here
oh yeah cough gamma
from the Sango
kind of looks like Batman's giving him
the business actually you see a second
you give it a business is is one thing I
know we started late I know the business
joke so that means we got to stop oh no
that was too much for me I'm I enjoyed
that joke too much and that's how you
know yeah I can tell way too late you
you've gone the whole night without
dying that's true I went the whole night
without dying thank you everybody
come on everybody let's hear it um I
think I'm gonna play this more I don't
know if Wednesday it looks like the
weather is gonna be terrible mm-hm and
so we don't know if we'll do a group
stream or another hack and a half or
half and a hack here's here's my call on
that yeah if at the studio it's kind of
a semi-official
off day like Mike's not coming in Jay's
not coming in nobody's nobody's coming
in you know I'm not gonna leave my home
at like 7:00 at night and drag my
computer out and negative 14 degree
weather you know
now just just a stream okay so we could
do a hack and a half what you know what
we're on dude let's let's just pick up
Batman on Wednesday okay that sounds
good because I'm enjoying it so far and
you know we'll just see how long we can
keep this no death run okay not I'm not
officially gonna call it and know that
because no oh damn what's his name the
ever belies er says practice reading
until then
oh oh that's damn that's what me that's
the kind of a low blow but that's fine
yeah that's fine you know it is it's a
lot whatever
I'm sorry I didn't I thought you might
find that more amusing I wasn't trying
to hurt you before the end stream no
because you you just pulled off an
amazing for our Batman no death running
your first time through everybody that's
fine
the positive thing is thank you guys all
for coming out I really had fun with
this thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you to everyone
who just came out for the Batman but sex
joke thank you for putting up with us
starting an hour and a half late
honestly really sorry about that but it
was worth it
first capes captain so okay so we're
leaving now
but Evan have a nice night I have two
all day about a Batman okay things got
weird so no you know we already said
goodbye now we're just gonna awkwardly
sit around while you're waiting to get
out of the game and find the off switch
we're just sitting here everyone
