Episode 012
NaNaNaNa Batman: Arkham Asylum (Part 5)
January 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vahu_1hiOQM
___________________________________________

I'm noticing I think yeah that was just
my problem
alright this is good I got this Oh or
not you'll be caught Quinn
okay I got him
who's that
I don't know I'm sure you'll I'm sure
you'll never find out right
I bet it's bane why would you say that
because the Riddler's thing at the
beginning was bane
wait a second no chair jack has not
learned to love the camera he stole in
fact hates it yes I very much hate the
camera
failing and you fail well no I didn't
fail I just failing out knowing how to
move on with the mission
okay so not a fail just you know like a
gamer fail like why what do I do now
which is fine can I can't go in this
door jack what what is your go-to
strategy in games what what is your
go-to strategy in games in games yeah
that's a really vague and weird question
I've seen you do it all the time when
all else fails what does Jack do I
people I don't you don't you don't you
don't hunker down not always when you
you buy I'm just saying go to your and
play To Your Strengths Jack later your
strengths
thank your it's no problem ah how do I
get on the roof can I get on this roof I
forgotten how to get out of
now it's a button prompts I can't get on
a roof Ridge I'm not in that mediate
area give me a second yeah what roof can
I get on what's your go-to strategy and
you should have said use your XCOM
strategy then I would have known all
your time all right well fine fine
that's right I get I get and it was very
funny rich there's no there's no button
prompts for roofs oh oh here we go
yes your advice does not is not helpful
I can't get out any room I could I could
play-by-play tell you what to do it
don't well don't play by play tell me
what to do I'm let's see if we can
figure this out okay I know I need to
get on the roof but I'm you know I'm
looking all around waiting for the
little reticle to come up this has got
to be frustrating for people who know
what to do now oh very much so and I and
I thoroughly apologize but I mean you
can see my hopefully people understand
my my problem here is I'm you know when
you see something that you can bat-arang
on or grapple hook on the little icon
comes out right and I haven't seen
anything that I can grapple on and this
is my problem and I'm pressing the
grapple button just to like double-check
that there's nothing I can grapple on so
it must be a very specific thing let me
go to Detective Mode here Hartley's up
there Bane's in there I'm sure it's been
a sh Batman
yes can we go there backseat game no no
okay do you want me to backseat game
hold on
goddamnit I don't want you to backseat
game but if I want us to move forward in
the game okay
okay I can do this I can do this I can
do this I can do this the only thing I
can think of is like going back where I
came from through the vent but that no I
can't imagine absolutely okay okay well
we know that no
I've taken down all the enemies does
that count what what did I think of Tom
Hardy's vein oh dang okay I didn't hate
it you know it was an intense you know
what the real problem was is that Maury
was such a mess that no good acting
could get out of it and of course and
there were some slight audio editing
issues they should have toned that down
a bit
he was going for something stylistically
too much so I agree what have been funny
of those henchmen were always like what
could you say that again what okay hey
rich I'm done
you've got to walk me through this I'm
so fucking lost I can't even I cannot
even walk up the stairs look up the
stairs walk up the stairs walk up the
stairs walk up the stairs okay I will
walk up the stairs
okay yeah there's a door look dorky fuck
you play it like a text adventure look
at door right game non-reinforced class
can be broken with enough force oh I
just kicked the girl yes you did okay
she's a murderous bitch so it's okay I'm
very sorry chat I looked out you know
what happened is I turned the corner and
I saw the gate you know like the
electronic gate and then I was like and
so I immediately I said okay I have to
do something before I get around that
and I did not think to look about the
gate my apologies
why did they open that it seems dumb we
we walked into Bane's area never mind
that get behind me rich what's your
favorite flavor of potato chip sour
cream and onion
did this
right
Batman just tried punching bane
how funny
personally I prefer Bane from Arkham
origins but okay this one just looks
comical get out of here he just threw a
rock in classic vain fashion this really
Killer Croc style yeah I don't like this
Bane they went with big dumb Bayman yeah
I know I know I'm just gonna throw a
Batarang at him oh I hit him in the face
that's something is that what I'm
supposed to do and now he's gonna run
into a while yes okay great it's working
it's working
nope
I don't know if this is Zelda rules or
God of the world
Zelda rules say do the thing that in cat
incapacitates him and then punch him God
immortals just says do the thing that
incapacitates and Zelda rules okay so
then we go over here oh my god you can
probably turn him off you know in the
menu there's probably a thing to do that
most games had that okay yes I think you
should look and do that
okay you fuck I like that BAM knocks
down is on guys yeah well technically
they're not his guys the battering to
the face they're jumping out of the way
that's a good trick I do jump out of the
way
rock tactic what if I hit him in the
face battering while he's nope okay
gotta hit him while he runs and then he
hits rock then I go up to him he's
punching Oh nope or he punches me okay
all right getting out here okay okay
okay settle down
I already did that Oh Oh I jumped out of
the way double tapping a to jump
I'm gonna done here here is it here it
is by the way so J the the conversation
you just had with somebody not really
loving rocky whore is not the same thing
as hating it for the record
somebody told Jay but I hate there it is
there it is I died I died rich fuck Oh
found to happen sooner or later
yeah listen I'm come on come on mmm you
we're never gonna get through the whole
game uh no no I was fine with like doing
things case you you were able to get
through that didn't need me distracting
you what's this quick throw Batarang
instead of holding down the button to
aim the Batarang just happen
which I told you about yesterday but you
wouldn't listen to me in autumn
it'll-it'll Auto target listen you might
have told me about multiple times I'll
believe that how about that
get out of being lazy okay
okay I got this job I am understanding
oh no I'm not apparently I'm not wait I
knocked him out yeah I'm supposed to
knock him out he hits a wall and then I
punch it I get that but well he's he
swings wildly he swings wildly oh that
time he didn't I don't know but I got I
got a down again and I think I feel like
I'm understanding combat
yeah you're gonna you're gonna need to
understand combat better mess yeah
that's important
Oh
you know I'm a Arkady button-mashing
something something you should know
about this series it does group fights
really well but in my opinion most of
the boss fights are lacking right that's
why most of the boss battles in the
first two games have henchmen all of it
I got you I got your number
no I punched I punched it's all I had
them oh I had him and I punched it's not
like you have limited lives you'll be
fine everything is fine no I was diving
out of the way and I hit the punch it
gives you more opportunity to practice
that was embarrassing
did you not even touch like the the
combat challenges between you know the
last stream in the stream no you could
and that wouldn't affect them the story
progress I was playing this game fresh
the the chat says that in order to beat
Bane you have to do the bat to see
you hold down the left trigger and right
trigger while pressing r3 that does the
bet to see great I got bubbles scorch
thank you for subscribing we really
really appreciate
I don't think they liked that idea at
all worth it worth it if I get him
somewhere that someone in the chat says
why is Bain even in Arkham Asylum he's
not crazy let's that's a very good
question indeed
he's criminally insane
nothing he's just criminally he's just
criminal well he's on he's on super
steroids but he's not a crazy man
yeah but he's so criminal that he's
insane no I don't believe Bane has ever
gone into Arkham Asylum okay rich by the
way I'm learning oh good I'm learning
how to fight people I I'm doing very
well okay yeah you're bound to get
better you won can
lively swing I just I just hate to throw
the arrow and dodge thing that that gets
so old it does but you know what it has
a really cool it makes you feel really
cool you know the the way the camera
works makes you feel like you really
like that he's out sucka
okay I got there babe that's good and
shad I would engage you when discussing
the thing about vane and Arkham Asylum
but spoilers all three games who was the
best boss fight and the best-looking
boss brought four for all its faults and
that beyond it really Falls he's not
being as good as the other two origins
had the best boss battles by far Bane in
origins was great Deathstroke looked the
best
not a terrible battle Deathstroke did
yeah it's a bit quick timing it's a bit
button prompt t-that fight but it's not
bad
and then in Arkham City though
Mr Freeze best best boss battle in the
series Mr Freeze in the second one oh my
god it's awesome it is awesome Mr Freeze
it's totally awesome I don't know how
much I can spoil you know I mean I talk
about why that bad was good but I don't
know that I can yeah it's me remember
this Baden origin was was great that's
that was like actual bane bane it wasn't
a freakish himself large big muscles but
he didn't look like a mutant freak and
that that actually the boss designed the
battle itself was great
I don't like rich I don't think I would
go see the band freakish lump
it's what you get with super cancer oh
my lord well get a freakish lump all
right here we go
don't duh duh Batman Branagh do I come
asylum here's um here's something I hate
about Batman magic yeah is he has a
Batcave uh in Arkham Asylum by the way
hmm
and it's just like you know you don't
need it back you don't need a bad thing
everywhere yeah they they wanted to work
the Batcave into this game but but he's
you know the whole thing is he stuck at
please I love me for the whole game
right they did what they did it's not
it's it's a mini Batcave it's a bad look
oh that's just like a Batman thing I
yeah he's prepared to the point where
you you idiot it like breaks your
suspension of disbelief yes yeah yeah
like it gets into the bad shark
repellent territory that he keeps in the
helicopter yes the bad helicopters yeah
Oh grant you that remember when I said I
was starting to understand fighting yeah
I don't think
just gonna be using it to me you'll get
there I got my ass handed to me by a
couple of nobodies
and I said you'll get there goddamnit
you know be great right now is like a
bad jet pack well you'll lose your shit
with some of the larger scale battles
then yeah you fired dozens of guys
sometimes
okay so this is a lot of time you could
need like a full second or so before the
combo breaks I mean you can do do dude
you don't have to strike strike strike
strike fast right yeah and by the way
that's that's a really hard thing for my
brain to unlearn is like I don't need to
go yeah like the the slower paced combat
which by the way fits in very nice with
Batman because he is so methodical and
is so well trained like a slower paced
combat
you know wait up wait up wait a beat so
if you go to block a punch then hit
again yeah I know I once saved an
unfortunate inmate from leaping off into
the rocks below I found a cave entrance
and over the years of yeah if you get
the counter button when there's nothing
to counter that'll also break your combo
yeah you gotta be careful about that too
Javy oh yeah
Oh Oh nope can't go up or do I go up no
I don't go up I guess I got it this way
I guess I use the only other door there
is let's go
Tweedledee side can you see it what the
fuck what the fuck indeed Oh old school
zinger thank you for subscribing
sorry Jake I thought you were paying
attention to the game that's all right
rich I bear no ill will towards you okay
for thanking a subscriber there's like a
question mark why would I not want to
thank our totally awesome subscribers
right those radical dudes make
everything we do possible
don't say radical disease why not that's
that's exactly the kind of thing they
expect me to say
I'm Batman
god bless you rich Evans mr. frequent
stops thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it oh I get an
upgrade I get an upgrade for mr.
frequent stops there you go
see Jack I told you that's just the kind
of thing they would like me to say when
they love it I knew I knew they would
love him because I'm so wise but but you
had a problem with it jack yep why
didn't you have a problem with me cuz
nobody else did
you're wise and I'm dumb you know things
and I don't you are the master I am a
lowly not the master guy and and don't
forget it please tell me there's more
protecting the Batcave than like rusted
chained up gate yes there it's okay good
you're just making your way there
I know that was mostly joking
how long before radical dude subscribes
stop reading I don't care about I don't
care about Arkham ghosts then you know
don'ts get him you do get it you know
get like experience points for that shit
though no I want to scan him I just
don't want to hear thinking go on the
menu and turn it off just click on the
one that's playing yeah I know I just
click on the one that's playing and that
I don't play anymore it's Batman
yeah no oh I think I found a secret rich
oh no but it might I can't like shoot
Mike can I shoot my explosive goo
probably not no oh my god I just sprayed
it on the ground in front of me you
sprayed your ghoul on his bond that's
frayed my goood Oh No
oh gee you did that you did that kind of
prematurely didn't ya I did I do that
right away I prematurely sprayed my goo
if everything's fine oh god I gotta get
so there's a door fuckin your bat kick I
feel I felt a little okay something
weird happened over here I heard some
ghosts oh my god there's no ghosts it's
okay okay here we go
are there booby traps in here something
great
that'll be great okay where am i am what
am i doing
oh I can get into this one what's up
here can I go why can't I go up there
everything's terrible is we because
reasons mm-hmm okay you do this to spray
the goo and then you back up also like
the Riddler hid a riddle in my Batcave
ejector you're not in your Batcave your
stop saying that you're not in your
Batcave don't you'll know when you're in
your back
like
oh okay yeah is that hard enough to get
to was that hard
oh here's yeah I was just gonna be like
oh oh yeah
how do you feel about gliding bet what
do you mean that he glides on his cape
in this game um well it makes sense cuz
he cant like perma glide but you know
like it would theoretically give you
some buoyancy right yeah that's just a
Batman thing you have to be okay with
that
Superman has lady's decision yet wait
wait how often is Batman Batman glided
before though every and everything
Batman glides he's got like a smooth
we're okay and when did he swooped in
the cartoon he's anytime he's going
through the air in that car Tony
swinging from a damn rope there is no
gliders there's no blind not Anna
cartoon no no he jumps top he jumps down
from places with that cape open but
that's not like a climb that's not like
a you can jump off a tall building wide
if that were the case he would never
have to worry about falling and shooting
that grappling hook just in time to save
himself
he would just glide down and he does not
ever do that gliding exists in these
games and Batman Returns and that is it
it's weird
I'm used to it I could deal with it but
it's weird Joker gets his hands on this
he will create it there is that whole
thing with the electrified capes then he
put a special glider in that movie
you're thinking in the Dark Knight
no in the first one - didn't he like
there was oh I got an upgrade to my
grappling hook
I got a bat claw oh I literally got a
grappling hook I can grab objects from a
distance
wasn't there a whole big thing I think
it's the first one where he was he was
trying to like electrify his cape to
make it going after she was heading to
don't member I think that was the first
well I'm going up the top okay okay I
wasn't paying attention I'm sure it's
fine
return to the surface okay
like and pulleys using the bat claw
seems kinda silly
all right oh my god yeah okay oh yes
we're about to do the part of the game
where it says you just learned a new
thing let's make sure you can do it yeah
oh yeah that's reason that's reasonable
absolutely Owen Owen that was really
light so that's good good no I'm not
saying that's a bad thing I'm just I was
just stating that this is a part of the
game thing okay you learn a new thing
and then they put you in a situation
where you can't get out of unless you
use the new thing you learned oh hey I
can finally get into those vents great
everything is possible
never play any of the Far Cry games Jack
okay yeah I've recently haven't played
that good blood driving yeah and I liked
it so much I bought Far Cry 3 okay which
is basically the game right before blood
dragon blood dragons basically almost
almost DLC for Far Cry 3 you know it
sold it separately but it's like the
same engine oh okay
and it's like I'm not not liking it as
much it's it's amazing how much
difference just a few slight gameplay
tweaks can make not as cheesy oh
definitely yeah main characters boring
asshole it's not as cheesy the the
settings not as fun the combats a little
bit slower pace you don't have quite as
much help
the stealth doesn't work quite as well
no sure but there are little differences
but on the whole nowhere near as fun
I was playing Far Cry 3 I played I was
playing for like a few hours and I felt
like turning it off playing Blood Dragon
which I have already played through
three times my bad clock can not grab
the riddler trophy someone in the chat
saying rich lower your microphone or
half Jack raise his oh sorry I was
backing away I was backing away from my
microphone oh my microphone is in such a
place where I started off this stream
kind of leaning forward in my chair and
can I reach this well you know I've
already died once it's not like I'm
going for a no death run so I'm gonna so
I'm gonna try it nope I can't oh oh oh
nope alright
there's a there's a Riddler trophy which
I must be able to have to come back to
later even though even though I have a
grappling hook that can you know grab
boxes and pull them towards me I can't
grab this stupid trophy that's fine you
don't need to collect stupid trophy it's
not it's not it's not vital
everything's vital just like and get
this you know got a ghost of Gotham
thing anyway if sell 10% of it do we
never fight the Riddler in this game as
this is only purpose which I'm okay with
yes okay though there is a resolution to
a story oh that's good yeah but you have
yep that collect absolutely everything
in order to see it double tap to quick
bad o'clock to yank an enemy Georgia
Oh fun Joker makeup Jack is not reading
again well I was I was reading I just
didn't know what it did rich told me
everything's fine do-do-do-do-do you're
done have you done one of the special
moves yet Jack yeah I just did one of
the special moves okay okay great
Joker clue there Riddler clue well don't
be a dickhead if you hid something
poorly Riddler was just like oh you
found it I guess yeah where there's one
of the best parts of this game and I
don't I don't like collecting shit in
games but just those interludes every
now and then I'm one of Joker's oldest
aliases so Joker pays doctor like any
game that has collects though the
whatever yeah doesn't mean I wouldn't
got all of them by like three quarters
collect the two hundred things no click
15 that's why I always hate that shit
cuz it's so tedious it's not fun sure
but I want to I want to I want to do it
just so I can I can hear more the
Riddler stuff like there's more yet in
like the second game oh okay there's
literally like 400 things to collect in
the second game but Riddler actually
shows up in that one there are there are
Riddler specific levels I know I'm
supposed to go this way everybody I just
want to see if there's anything else
through this door oh that's cool right
there specific levels
I'll run I'm supposed to go the other
way
Oh killer croc okay killer croc is going
to find me
and rip my flesh like paper he he might
he just might I could absolutely see
that this thing looks like I can blow it
up that's nice what do you do oh you
know yeah again he's just like oh geez I
can't believe you found that trophy's
you know it's like you're bad at your
job
Riddler don't blame that on me other
ones a cycle anybody could have done
that right now this is a fine a fine
take on the Riddler no I like it and it
makes sense it's a it's using a video
game trope correctly in the universe
right because this is something regular
would do he's not a fighter he's not yes
yes sounds like she had a change of
heart she tried to block the payments
Joker doesn't like it when his partners
try to back out exam addict we're doing
a
oh okay exactly I can't get up there yet
is that your name
Kevin's wife huh or you just can't do it
the easy way it's it's just weird
because like you know there's a bunch of
areas that that say like specifically
you can't grapple here you know yeah but
like normally if I just can't grapple on
an area just won't show anything but
these are like you might be able to
grapple here but you can't I think
they're just trying to justify it for a
change cuz you have to you have to get
up there and you're not gonna be using
the grappling hook to do it
sure yeah that's and I don't remember if
that's something it's dry now off the
later thing I understand you have to
climb there now
no mystery what I'm coming up to the sir
a drawing or some kind of donkey that's
nice
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do take in my
time and exploring get out of here
I go around this way
oh I can I can whoo OH regular trophy
I'm pretty well Riddler you fucking nut
easy a blind man would have stumbled on
that one I don't think so
what the what no no my dad's like
crawling around in these capes right but
that's fine you know what that's fine
I found it I'm happy that I found it
slowly walk in slowly looking around
Jack likes to take his time in video
games this is why remove bad skeleton
thank you for subscribing see Jack this
is why I don't want to stream games I
haven't played before if it's something
actually looking forward to playing yeah
no like and I it's not like I don't feel
pressure to be to like be rush I just I
feel a need to explain to everyone like
I am a slow gamer and y'all gotta get
used to that I like to I like talking
opinions they're gonna twist your words
with that one shoe choose your words
carefully yeah you know whatever how
about that how about okay
invisible wall invisible wall avenges
11e falses Jack I know you won't read
this but I'm just like you I slowly poke
around in every corner to see all the
stuff that's your you're not alone oh
thank you avenge eleven default I think
that's and I think that's what you're
supposed to do like I said well you know
or we all play differently and that's
the great thing about games is you know
we all get to play a little differently
you become the bat
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
get off 23 positions in a one-night
stand
get out you ever listen to Prince no
he's great yeah not a fan of Prince
Prince oh really
I love Prince you know what I also love
Prince I like hard rock jack hard rock
yeah I'm okay with hard rock ac/dc sure
yeah okay let's alikum do you which you
prefer original ac/dc or thunderstruck
ac/dc
thunderstruck sure it's a great song
thunderstruck versus big balls they're
both fine songs why do I have to choose
well because it's two different styles
like original ac/dc with their original
singer you know was a little more a
little more comical and then like here's
here's the thing with ac/dc yeah there's
like a number of songs of theirs I
really like and then like the rest of
their distant discography this
discography right yeah discography it
all sounds exactly the same it's the
same fucking song oh sure but that's
like got your thunderstruck you've got
your TNT you've got your dirty deeds
you've got your big balls
seven songs I love and then everything
else sounds exactly the same
oh sure but there's you know there's
just such a distinction between original
singer and new singer okay okay and like
I had discovered original singer first
and then and then I heard like new
singer which is definitely a little more
intense and a little more
straightforward rock so you know I like
them for different reasons
oh there's a thing in here what part of
Arkham are we in the dungeons right
that's why I say I appreciate it when
architecture in a game makes sense sure
and I think I think if I remember
correctly we are returning to Arkin
Arkham through the sewers from the
Batcave so this is like an abandoned
area so I guess it makes sense but
probably shouldn't fall down there it's
just my guess I was expecting a cutscene
right there I was expecting Killer Croc
to pull me down like I jump over that
again you have to imagine you're going
to encounter with Killer Croc at some
point right this is gonna happen 100%
what curious what do you think what
other villains do you think you might
see in this guy there's not that many
mmm let's see
okay so we've art we we know that
scarecrows live was obviously you know
is Riddler a Killer Croc we know it's
like the Blackgate thugs have access to
the armor else who else could be you
know like I'm not that well-versed in
like major Batman villains who else
could it be
I know I using context clues that mr.
Freeze's in the next one I can only
assume he's not in this one yes
and I'm not gonna say anything either
because you're gonna play through and
find out for yourself
yeah just kind of curious what your
expectations are because I had mine
people upset I didn't get to see but
Dems the brakes know and I guess you
know I have no I have no expectations
okay well that's that's fine that's
probably the best excuse me thank you
what oh I was I was trying to do
something and it wouldn't let me for
some reason
Oh
there was a guy with a gun
I needed to silently take him down yes
good God you might have to be more
careful from here huh no I can see that
oh there's guards with laser sighted
guns I think I have to be a little more
sneaky
turn on your detective the laser show up
without the detective vision oh that's a
good question I will check no in the in
the second game they discourage
detective vision yeah I think you can
only I it's been a while since I played
the second one I think you can only see
the the snipers with the beam without
detective vision oh how funny yeah yeah
well listen if you give game if you give
gamers a tool that makes everything very
easy they're going to use the tool oh
sure sure I turned it off just because I
wanted to see things looking normal
I didn't yeah I didn't go the whole game
with the tech division sure and she used
it specifically when I thought you know
especially needed
did it in
they took him down it's okay good job
good job you know there's a hostage
there's some games where if you're like
stealth games or if your microphones
hooked up you do have you do have to be
careful about talking making any kind of
noise or sneezing oh is that true yes I
want to say what's a manhunt did that
and that was there was another one
recently Oh alien isolation I think does
that know yes does ever I think I
remember there being an option for that
menu that is really funny that I turned
off immediately
but because you know we had the Mike
statue to record our audio okay so we're
not gonna say something about the game
Chim Chim might appreciate manhunt maybe
will stream it sometime maybe I'm not
where am I going over here okay turn
around Batman
cover your mouth Jack you sound too
clear he do that very well thank you
I'm proud you should be
something to explode up here and I'm not
really sure why I'm exploding it but I'm
gonna uh yeah I did not really need to
Oh secrets map secrets map what why are
there question marks like float a lot
oh that shows you were on your map where
the Riddler shit is no okay so if you
look at the map it'll show you where to
go to find the trophies and the little
clues and all that stuff oh great you
know what that is that's great
that's pretty candy that's how you glide
I totally forgot how to glide are you
kidding yeah I mean no no I'm not
kidding oh my god you hold down the a
button yes yes I've been not going on
its entire time how how do you get
through games how do you do it how does
it work I don't know do you think I know
these things
I don't know these things oh you know
you know what they did in the copy
protection for this huh in the pirated
version of the game you could not glide
I really yeah you can start playing the
game but it's impossible to get through
it because there's times we need to
glide yeah
