Episode 169
NaNaNaNa Batman: Arkham Asylum (Part 6)
January 15, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpO4hTXhG20
___________________________________________

there's like a like a yellow glowing
thing over here oh okay my John is that
John hurt does anyone know if that's
John hurt who's doing me all of the
Gotham ghosts stuff no idea who did that
sounds like John hurt I was thinking of
Judd Hirsch at first I'm like what are
you talking about what don't I have an
upgrade oh okay
I just needed to write this here I get
an upgrade okay let's see here critical
combo strikes double the powers of
normal combo strikes one strikes her
time perfectly you know what I think I
need some more health says can you
please ask Jack if he reset the slowmode
exemption for subs after that pictionary
stream the answer is I don't know okay
give me a moment
how does Jack know John hurt but not
laura dern because John Hurt is a movie
star and Laura Dern was in one movie I'm
sure Laura Dern was in more than one
movie but she wasn't more than one movie
yes
you know John Hurt has been in more if I
know who Laura Dern is you should I do
I love Jurassic Park doesn't help you
know she's not a name John Hurt's a name
okay hold on I'm going to subscribers
are immune to slowmode I just changed it
back now feel free oxygen to put it in
slow mode and it will not affect
subscribers okay John Hurt wait so was
that John Hurt I don't know assume they
didn't get John her just to do that
you don't think no why not why not
what's wrong with John Hurt what do you
got against John Hurt I think he's got
better things to do
sir Jonathan hurt what did it what am i
doing over here just shy smile says no
jacket wasn't okay sounds a lot like
them Oh
gliding is awesome rich I just
discovered I can glide if you think the
gliding is good in this you'll you'll
probably like the second game I didn't
say it was good it was just fun to do it
like I don't know if I were useful it is
you can you can swoop down and then back
up and gain speed anything is possible
oh all right oh there be dudes in here
that excites you doesn't it jack
well yeah cuz then I can try out my
sweet oh they know I'm here oh that's my
camo take out knife guy Priority One
one of their lines of dialogue was punch
him again that seems kind of obvious
yeah I'm washing the last horse but your
point
not quite yet
oh I press
you know it's like the combat you don't
necessarily need to like be facing a guy
it's fine I'll get it I'll get it
yeah I don't mind track practice in the
challenge rooms because those are really
fun yeah yeah
swear to God okay I don't know I don't
know if you intend to stream your whole
playthrough of this do you I don't I I
unsurprisingly I have no plan okay I'm
just doing I'm just doing stuff you you
can you can safely play the challenge
maps and not affect the main game at all
shit but I'm getting shot at Oh
apparently Labor's I wasn't pretty
nope dr. J if you're talking about
spoilers for the Batman games I'm not
gonna say any just because I know Jack
hasn't played them rich did you enjoy
Jedi Academy not really I like oh my god
cast a lot more I did a dumb thing I did
it dumb but you know I'm a single-player
guy and the single-player story and that
one is a lot better so
I'm just waiting them out I did a super
dumb thing that's a shock any way shape
or form
no yeah what you fuck now I'm just gonna
punch oh I did it down thing how much
help do I get back not enough gonna die
soon is there a generating elf on this
that would be fantastic someone in the
chat is requesting that we stream an
artsy fartsy game right this everyone
makes fun of us for there's different
people like different things people are
plenty of people I'm sure love our indie
game streams yeah they play games I like
yeah yeah
no no I people saying you know you can't
make anybody happy no matter what you do
people complain but the fact is there's
they're different people complaining
about the different things
yes oh we will play more artsy fartsy
games I guarantee it and now that the
episode is that we can finally stream
crypt of the necrodancer oh yeah I
really like I really want to play that
more time at the time we did that review
I did not mess around with a hardcore
problem much and I found I liked that
game a lot more playing on hardcore mode
there's one of one of the things I
didn't like was you know the separated
into zones then you played through the
zone and you came out you lost all your
items and I didn't realize that
hard-code my hardcore mode you went
through all three existing zones your
items carried through right and that
that made a world of difference to me
wait to see I did a fun thing with that
sector yeah
no evidence yeah you can tell me what it
is a big deal I oh I I edited in after
after we had that like whole a hardcore
mode discussion yeah I edited in you
walking off camera yeah to go play
hardcore mode oh okay okay
no pitcher doesn't see me I am bent man
he doesn't see me ladies take down who
he said you meant you may have heard
about that in the review but I actually
I haven't had time to watch the whole
review I started but then it's time for
the stream to start so I don't know they
seemed like a third of the actual
reviews I don't know what ended up in
the final cut
yeah rich doesn't watch the reviews once
they're edited I watch them Jack crying
out frickin loud
I'm just being funny funny
nothing's funny everything is serious I
really knew you all hate me and I hate
all of you back just as much everything
oh wait there's a Riddler trophy over
here yeah gliding is pretty sweet I
might just try to glide more
doot-doot-doot rich hates watching our
all um stuff no that's not sure what is
what is true though is I am I get
extremely squeamish watching myself on
camera yeah so when I see myself on
camera say like the hairs from back of
my neck stand up i watch half in the bag
just fine good anything where I'm on
cameras it's like Oh God
Oh No uh along those lines usually when
I am editing the episode I stick on your
camera longer like I'm talking I'm
watching your camera cuz it's hard for
me too it's hard for you to watch
yourself yeah yep eventually I do to
make sure you know I'm not like picking
my nose or anything but but yeah usually
I will I won't keep I will look at your
camera while editing now somebody else's
the chat is saying that yes rich we also
get extremely uncomfortable yep nice no
funny I can only assume yeah by the way
I didn't even know that this was a
riddle but I see an open casket laying
the ground I took a picture of it and of
course it's yeah yeah they're not all
that obvious right do-do-do-do-do no no
I'm sure I could go back and just one of
those things
I return rich is it easier when you're
playing a character no it's not at all
to my work not at all because I feel
like I'm doing a bad job oh I'm terrible
you know all that okay where am I going
this way I took a detour to the cemetery
you're allowed to take all the detour
shimmy sneeze gesundheit
oh pardon me thank you I tried covering
the mic so hopefully that wasn't too
loud for everyone I also turned away
from the mic you know I'm feeling a
little like Batman I will tell you that
like that wait she's great
that's what you want in the game where
am I supposed to this way okay I cracked
the code it's all right
rich yes did I tell you that something
devastating happened to me what so you
watch the ant-man trailer okay
I'm all ears not as much as Batman is
but I'm all yours
nice yes all right I mean you know it
was something yeah yeah it was something
so I brought the ps4 home because you
know to play stuff for the next episode
and whatnot yeah and I'm getting it set
up and I say to myself oh you know I
have a really good you know I'm really
far along in my vita isaac save I should
get Isaac for the ps4 and they have like
a cross save feature yeah oh I could
play it on the big screen I can play
Isaac on the big screen this would be
fantastic right did you end up bleeding
your saves through no fault of my own
uh-huh my my my golden god status is now
done is now gone forever
Oh what happened so what you have to do
it's a little convoluted the way you
have to do your cross save is you click
the little sync button and then you
click the upload button which uploads
your save file uh-huh on the ps4 to have
to hit the sync button and download
right so on my Vita I hit the upload
button and all of a sudden a little
thing came up that said downloading but
I hit the upload button and it said
downloading and all of a sudden there's
a different save file there and I don't
know where it came from because I've
never sync saved before so like this
mystery save file is there now you know
you know what that is Jack what that's
some console bullshit that is some
console I'm so upset and I've been
reaching out to the developers via
Twitter and via
their email just to be like is this
something that happens how do I make
this not happen again
I don't think I want to play the game if
this is gonna happen you know like like
I've got my FTL saves backed up
somewhere on my computer no way I copied
them and I move them to a different
folder and there's a backup yeah uh I'm
so sorry it's it's devastating to me but
but that's some console bullshit this is
this is why this is why I hate the cloud
the cloud I know people saw like my
Steam settings at some point I had like
cloud save disabled and the chat was the
chat was tut-tutting me
oh no this is why fuck you I'm right
you're all wrong
back up your own damn saves and the
games
let me save what I want to yes well and
you know it's it's one of those things
where and don't force me to autosave and
not have a regular save option that that
really pisses me off I think if it's
done right cloud saving and cloud
storage in general is super great and
awesome but then you get situations like
this where we're you know I can only
imagine I had at least 60 hours and it's
all gone now
all that chat real quick yeah I didn't
say if my ex come saves but I didn't
really care cuz I'll be glad to play
that game from scratch anyway right yeah
that's not a big deal to me no no but
you know with Isaac much like we talked
about it where the fuck am I going the
levy the unlockable stuff and XCOM like
that that the I'm trying to play over
the call the the second wave suffer
whatever the the difficulty options and
whatnot you know you can you can find
something to program online that will
unlock all that shit anyway right I'm
not yeah that's that's all stuff I
wasn't worried about
that's the thing like Isaac I had their
shit you have to just play to unlock and
I did it all and I was really happy with
my progress but all gone now all fucked
I'm sorry oh fuck I'm sorry i I'm sorry
because it means that I'm not gonna play
the game for a little bit because it's
like it's I'm just so I'm so upset yeah
yeah video game Horror Story it is okay
three hostiles one armed rich have you
ever refused to do something Jay and
Mike asked you to do on camera I'm
wearing a Darth Vader mask and the rich
Evans watches the Episode 7 trailer for
a reason
what's going on Jack
you know just fucking up is there an
award for sloppiness no there's there's
just shame cuz if there's an award for
sloppiness I am doing a great job only
shame I'm sorry only shit yeah I should
have a lot of so this is this was the
sloppiest batmanning in the history of
Batman but I did it and actually like
didn't even get an injury so rich what
do you think is the best console of all
time one that plays games oh it's a good
answer you shouldn't have a favorite
console you should have favorite games
who cares which machine runs it cuz I
can give you every every console and the
PCs had good and bad games
you know rich you're right sometimes
sometimes ha ha
I found it what did I find you ask
I mean is it cute that he draws a Batman
symbol and explosive gel or it's cute he
likes the theme obviously he's bought
him to that wholeheartedly shameless
like a mad dog
well John Hardy you know but I'm just
trying to think wouldn't it like another
symbol be more efficient of an explosive
yeah I guess the job done and if he had
if he had the drama more efficient
pattern he probably would she would get
away with just the bad that's what he's
gonna why is everything a moral debate
with you rich just pick a damn concert
all right the PC go fuck yourself
rich can you please tell jack with the
explosive gel will never hurt him no
matter how close he is to it and that is
a true mystery it's silly but it's true
of course I hear I've been like you know
doing the smart thing and walking away
from the explosive gel I don't know if
I'm supposed to fight all these guys so
I think I'm gonna just fight all these
guys
we'll see what happens we'll see how
well I can do well there's some there's
some big fights in this game that's
nothing that's not okay that's great
as soon as I said I got the 50 good
combo going I missed one okay hey I did
pretty well on that fight I'm pretty
happy with that pretty happy with that
what's going on here
notes who was a better filmmaker Jay or
Mike
well since Jay is listening in to the
chat ha ha ha and Jay Jay was giving me
shit about not listening earlier it's
it's it's definitely Mike oh definitely
definitely definitely definitely
cans these our cans searching the man
chin for doctors notes what does a bird
need in the rain what Oh Riddler your
riddles oh that's probably it riddle
solved okay
I don't know if those teeth hurt you or
not but I just feel like I need to
destroy them all because they're there
they're there another one of the
collectible things
Oh J I'm sure somebody in the chat will
be glad to give you a link but somebody
made a previously recorded bingo game oh
that's right alright so J can play along
yeah he can play along but it needs more
options I was looking at it I refreshed
it a few times and every card pretty
much has like the same things
that's right it's the bats haha I'm
Batman I've punched people who that man
talks that way I don't and in any
continuity wouldn't that be the worst
bang oh yeah I'm the Batman oh I'm good
you in the face and I'm punching bad
guys Batman it's like in a universe
where instead of deciding to utilize
fear Batman decided to utilize confusion
is that man singing are we supposed to
fight him I'm gonna throw some punches
and kicks goes on Batman oh my take it
this one guy down super sneaky like
fucking hit him hit him harder really
three your insults you hit like a girl
they're not the brightest Bunch
I mean I'm Batman anybody who works for
the Joker is not especially bright I can
trust this guy he seems like he knows
what he's doing
I'll be honest I'm with it what rich any
plans to play one of the best PC RPGs
vampire the masquerade bloodlines dear
god no really dear God in heaven that I
don't even believe in no wow what is it
vampire RPG nothing about that can be
good all right you know yeah come on
yes chat I know what I have to do here I
need to bring your chandelier down but I
saw a secret get all the secrets
do-do-do-do-do rich have you ever grown
hair in your bald spot I know there's
never been hair there not not ever yeah
you know fun fact you know me no I can't
take that joke for either okay I thought
I could for a second yeah I sometimes
I'll do that where I'll just start a
joke and hope that I find the finishing
like maybe I'm talking really often
often that's that's a recipe for
disaster
sometimes but you know once again rich
would you play Zelda a karna of time
please for God's fucking Saint
playing what what makes you think I
haven't what I have it's just it's not
my favorite Zelda game it's like third
or fourth on the list I'm sorry you
don't have to be sorry you don't have to
be sorry okay
it's kind of like whatever you want to
like no it's not apparently people are
very upset about me not liking this
vampire role-playing games like oh
really
when I tend to find vampires obnoxious
unless it's unless it's Fright Night or
near dark vampires are obnoxious
disarmed I think I did it favorite soda
game link to the past followed by
Twilight Princess no wait no winwaker
winwaker then they took dr. young you
know I might put I'm sorry I might put
original above link to the past link
this is great I might put original above
that then the Wind Waker then link to
the past okay Ari I'm replaying I think
we talked about this on Sunday I'm
replaying Twilight Princess not terribly
fond of it on a second playthrough
I remember enjoying the fuck out of it
the first time I played it right when it
came out you know seven years ago or
whatever enjoying it so much that like I
got so into the story you know I was I
was deep in but on a on a recent
playthrough it's got some it's got some
issues which game was that again
Twilight Princess okay it stops the game
every 30 seconds to remind you how to
play them in little complicated and just
the midnight is starting to become more
annoying than na'vi ever was oh where am
I going and what do I need to be I mean
Twilight Princess basically is a car
enough time just a little bit better
in my opinion no I would put I would put
ocarina above Twilight Princess that's
fine yeah that's okay we can disagree
I kind of hate the open world and a
karna real field is just ugly and small
well that's 64 but that's not that
doesn't excuse it I still have to
compare the two games I don't care if
it's limited by the n64 I'll take
Twilight Princess Merida oh my god oh my
god I just punched that dude in the
balls
Oh karna ocarina I don't give a shit
Chad thank Jack you keep punching people
in the balls I did this sweet like
backflip like and like yank him in the
face and then I punched him right in the
balls I just saw that Batman does that a
lot actually that's the best move ever I
just I only want to punch people in the
balls that's it okay oh I have an
upgrade all right let's see here
power up the batarangs during combo so
that they can be used to knock down
thugs that good that could be helpful
critical combo strikes double the power
of normal compost drinks when strikes
are timed perfectly how do you time a
strike do you not like duh-duh-duh
slower slower yes you you you asked how
the time strike I told you how to time
strike oh yeah no I'm just I'm
programmed for me like to me that's not
important because obviously I think it
think it dig it dig it dig that let's
see here critical strike combos I'm
gonna do I'm gonna do batarangs during
combos that could be fun
come on you don't even you wait wait
wait until you can master the D quick
throw
yeah I wouldn't bother I did it already
all right all right and it's a half
ready master look oh I just did it oh
yeah I threw it at the picture I'm just
guessing at what the riddles are and I
found another one just guessing at the
answers okay let's go oh wait I found
something was I ever a ninja turtle for
Halloween first know what that says I
was
I've been spider-man for Halloween okay
I was pac-man for Halloween you were
pac-man father when I was a kid I was
pregnant for Halloween I was Indiana
Jones for Halloween twice and twice a
fuck'em of Indiana Jones I don't really
remember some of the other costumes I've
had I've never I've never been that big
on costumes huh I mean I'm the kind of
guy I will I will throw on a shirt that
says this is my costume you know sure
sure
actually years and years and many years
ago now I want trick-or-treating with a
the now fiance once uh-huh
because my mother my mother loved
Halloween spur-of-the-moment she said
she wanted to go trick-or-treating and
Karen was around and I just took a white
shirt and I wrote costume on it and then
I cut holes in a Pepsi box and I put
that on my head what's the Pepsi box
it was just I did some mask last-minute
whatever I wear a Pepsi box on my head
all right you know what
opening all the vents gotcha just a
tooth in there nothing else all right
that's fine that's fine
opener what do you think the next
Indiana Jones movie should be called
nothing get it because it shouldn't
exist now you know no no all right I
tried I did
oh okay I don't understand sometimes why
yeah it's the chat said I'm really glad
they ended Indiana Jones with the Last
Crusade absolutely that was a that was a
really nice way to okay I'm gonna say
this about Crystal Skull oh god it's not
a good movie it's in my mind it's not so
bad
it ruins Indiana Jones it's it's not
like the prequels where where Star Wars
is now kind of ruined you know when you
when you watch the classic Star Wars
movies and you see Darth Vader you know
you know that's Anakin Skywalker now and
it just it just the the prequels
actually diminish the classic trilogy I
can't say that about Crystal Skull
nothing nothing about the Crystal Skull
ruins Raiders of the Lost Ark it's just
it's just you know that lame adventure
and II had that once
I suppose not all of his adventures were
epic it's it's it's that adventure
that's probably not gonna make it into
his memoirs oh I get it when I take a
guard down now the Joker gives out okay
yep all right that's fine
you know what that's fine I can deal
with that did you enjoy young Indiana
Jones did anybody that show is the
biggest letdown of my my young adult
life Toland was when did that come out
was that mid nineties was that early 90s
okay whatever whenever it came out it
was one of the bigger disappointments
sure it was like how the fuck do you
make Indiana Jones boring I didn't even
think that was possible I saw the young
Indiana Jones adventures sure
oh shit
man someone should get rid of this dusty
crap mister guard come on someone should
get rid of this dusty crap
come on a little bit closer NCC 1701 ta
GD says I never watched it I was
planning on it though which just ruin my
hopes yeah it's it's it's it's Indiana
Jones doing nothing for an hour at a
time certainly never goes on adventures
yeah he'll like he'll have a pleasant
30-second conversation with like some
obscure historical figure never
restorations that's the episode never
has an episode been so succinctly put
obscure historical figure Oh
it's like they wanted to do something
educational with it they forgot that you
know Indiana Jones should probably have
a little bit of excitement here and
they're not sure that thing that made
Indiana Jones so famous we're gonna talk
to Hugo sparely the guy who invented the
predecessor to the spatula episode
though this is Barnum Banach tell me
about the world-famous barley Matic
invented by Hugo's barley
or not take a mat I'm taking my time
doing it right
okay but will there seriously ever be
more FTL I'm sure at some point yes
we've played it online which do you
watch wrestling like WWF / WWE I did as
a child as a kid I loved the whole
Colgan you know oh yeah but not not not
lately not not as an adult really I I
watched a little bit of WCW when the NWO
thing was going on but that got
extremely old very quickly
hey I rescued someone right that's fun
that's fun where did dr. Young go rich
if God exists well what would you like
me to say when you reach the pearly
gates I'm sorry I'm such a judgmental
dick Joker wants them that makes them
important stay here I'm going to find
Eric not a problem I'll try the radio
sorry about that weird stuff I did I'm
sorry about casting people into hell for
doing basically nothing wrong uh you
know what we're just gonna call that my
bad
this area did Amadeus just go mad or was
he dizzy to do walking around cuz of
Batman walking around cuz I'm Batman my
version of us singing hey there Batman
I'm sneaking around where am i sneaking
to I will make a sound the humming thief
was what is this Hudson Hawk was that a
thing sneaking around yeah they would
time their heist by singing a song oh
it's funny yeah what am I where am i
what am i doing these are the questions
well gotta love everything's fine
everything's gonna be fine nope
detective mode there's a lock symbol now
it's a stupid-ass detective mode okay
run bad man
laura dern that's my that's my laura
dern his Batman impression begin it
particularly laura dern it says run like
he's like Batman yeah
why does the Laura Dern and talk like
that man because they brought up laura
dern earlier and she says run in
Jurassic Park she goes round I can't I
can't believe I'm going to say this but
stick stick to the Michael Caine
impersonations yeah oh my god oh my god
to do to do detective mode to do to to
to not under the stairs now they all
want you to do my cocaine no I'm not
gotta be listen it's gotta be on your
terms for a forced my cocaine is not a
Michael Caine you want you guys wanna
you need to really try I understand yeah
fuckin who's that future future J thank
you for subscribe oh you look really
appreciated yeah and thanks for killing
regular future J he was a dick
I get reference well I would really hope
so okay this door was locked doors
locked and that just led us to the cell
or or rich to an Ultimate Warrior
impersonation impression oh the stupid
fucking idiot ruins Justin Martin that's
exactly something he would say I just
did about four rounds of coke and I was
wrestle you guys want to wrestle cuz I
could wrestle that is the ultimate
warrior where the fuck am I going
rich yeah where the fuck am I going uh
I'm not sure
great oh there there could be honest I'm
not really watching what you're doing
no that's fine I found it I found it I
found where I was going
rich are you sick of Doctor Who I got
sick a doctor who like five episodes
into the room the reboot yeah rich it's
not my bag it's it's Jack who watched
the Doctor Who a whole bunch and now is
sick of it yes because it got bad I'm
shocked I watched any more episodes
after mannequins tried to take over the
earth yeah that's a rough one yeah
that's a rough one yes The Ultimate
Warrior was terrible on the ring and
terrible on the mic yet he's popular I
don't understand the ultimate warrior
love at all I really don't I never did
even even when I was a kid I didn't like
the Ultimate Warrior yeah it was like
when when he won the belt when yeah when
he won the belt I I think I actually
stopped watching for a bit all right
Joker's thugs were trying to get into
that office it looks like they couldn't
get through the main door got to find a
different way in yeah I know the
Ultimate Warrior is dead now that
doesn't mean he didn't suck when he was
alive
I'm sorry he's dead but as a wrestler I
hated him but Richard that guy who did a
thing that you didn't like he's not
doing it anymore doesn't that that's
that's a good thing yes
oh yes yes I mean Hogan was terrible on
the ring but he was he could get appeal
to a crowd he was good on the mic he had
he had charisma warrior had jack shit
you just keep me running a mobile ear
earlier I say this point since the dark
imagery and I will bring the the horns
of the undead forgot what I was saying
before oh yeah you know I don't remember
like all the dark imagery stuff when
Walt no warrior didn't kind of do that I
remember I'm talking about like dazzling
my comp oh I don't remember that I mean
I I I believe you
let's see I've said it before the best
best wrestlers dr. young got to work
like him even more as an adult like
looking back on the old stuff uh uh the
Macho Man Randy Savage okay awesome
fucking awesome and rowdy roddy piper
oh yeah I'm the Macho Man Randy Savage
he was great I don't scan evidence again
hold down the Obi
I got nude I gotta do another one of
these find the thing things or maybe not
how do I get my I have an evidence
scanner open but I don't necessarily
know what I'm looking for here
what I have voted for Jesse the mind
Ventura Jesse was I never seen him
wrestle but as an announcer he was great
Oh what they mean is he ran for governor
of Minnesota oh yeah uh probably not cuz
he's a crackpot this mean I don't like
him as an announcer though sure
not so much wrestler but probably the
best wrestling personality of all time
Bobby the brain Heenan Bobby the brain
wasn't great it was one of the managers
okay he was great at making you hate him
though as a kid as a kid I hated his
guts sure he was a he was a heel yes
that is the terminology Oh everybody
knows this jack everybody knows but as
an adult I just going back and watch
this mold stuff with him in it and it's
just so great there's some people who
might not know that I didn't know that
until like a year ago really really
great at insulting people Jack everyone
else is known that 4:15 and get out of
Charlie trying to make it happen do it
okay good trying to make it happen see
what happens I listen to an interview
with Bobby the brain Heenan and he said
he liked being a heel because it gave
him an excuse to be like rude to people
in public it was just building his
character more so sure so the kid would
you know ask him for an autograph he
could just say get away from it that's
what he was supposed to do
sure
and people are asked me what I think of
a whole bunch of wrestlers who are
wrestling like now or recently and III
haven't never seen them Russell's so I
can't answer like CM Punk I've never
seen him honestly
sure I couldn't even tell you what he
looks like well they all do that yeah
but he's one that looks like no you know
it's like like the rock I know who he is
I don't I don't think I've ever watched
other than like like clips here and
there I've never seen him wrestle I've
never watched like a wrestling program
when he was wrestling so I think he's
retired he's been retired for like ten
years
I'm sure won't probably longer actually
even the rock like the rock is a super
old wrestling thing to know yeah he's a
movie star now that's just saying that
how long it's been since I watched
wrestling sure I was child of the 80s
and that's mostly what I know Kangas
Borgnine you're saying I missed out but
I I did I was there for the heyday of
the Macho Man you know I I didn't miss
out I got the good shit I got the good
shit
do-do-do-do-do Batman I am darkness
what are we place a place to put your
hand why would you put your hand there
I'm following fingerprints right now
it's like a hand on a desk
maybe she's injured could be she just
she's like OCD she just has to put her
hands on everything she walks by oh sure
did you guys miss dr. young coming back
here
she's like she's literally just like
putting our hand on the wall
night his dr. young here I heard a voice
on one of the radios it sounded like
they were being told to meet in the
warden's office no hello Oracle I found
dr. Young's formula it's never this
simple with him haha it's never to say
about what's creeping up on midnight is
it she's sweet she's 11 38 that's fun
let's save this time to make sure this
we've had a full stream we have had a
full stream I'm feeling pretty good
about it yeah and you know what I like
this game so good what like I'm glad you
like thing this is this is a lot of fun
and it makes it definitely like
especially I feel like it really stands
out during the combat sections yeah Mike
feel really good about the combat
section the detect you know but then
that's Batman the detective in could use
a little little tweaking but I like I
like to sneak in and I like the combat
so that's really fun I'm guessing I like
the stealth a lot more than you uh you
know I'll get it
I don't you don't you don't you don't
experiment around enough there's fun
things you can do the people
I don't yeah because that's all I'm
looking for is the most efficient way
you you did not use the bat claw to yank
somebody off of a balcony nope
uh you know what I didn't and
okay with them and that is fun very fine
remember this is not about fighting is
about saving lives
maybe me remember them I think I just
did Canadian Batman oh dear
you a little bit more polite
excuse me sir if you wouldn't mind
putting down that bank money there I
know man I know the bank people really
sure would appreciate getting that money
back people worked hard for that oh
you're not gonna I listen don't if I
have to ask you again I'm gonna have to
get a little Curt Canadian you know once
you reach Canadian Batman I think it's
time speak lovely to you oh all right
you know what you know what I'm just I'm
just gonna say it go
gosh darn it put that money down no I'm
not going I'm gonna walk out this door
right now can you I got my hands full
could you be all that door opening for
me here here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna have to be rude there I'm gonna
stand in your way
I'm gonna just stand here and you're
gonna have to push me out of the way how
do you feel about that oh that doesn't
make you feel too good does it you're
doing to me you're making me feel bad
you're making me feel like the asshole
all right I like I'm now a fan of
Canadian back Batman I might like him
more than regular Batman great all right
well that's gonna be it for tonight
we'll come back on Sunday night we'll
come back on Sunday night thank you so
much to all the new subscribers all the
old subscribers and everyone who just
came out to watch this be dumb and play
Batman which is a really fun game also
Batman this is a fun game yes good night
everybody
to stay warm somehow stay you know they
don't all live in Milwaukee it's got to
be cold everywhere right I mean it's so
cold here I can't imagine it being warm
anywhere right now right yeah anybody in
Hawaii has better things to do listen to
our street yeah they could be sitting
outside the Sun all day at night what
we're having a luau at night because
that's what they do every night there I
think in Hawaii
absolutely yeah see take the birthday
boy window open in Florida you fuck yeah
yeah tomorrow all businesses in the
Greater Milwaukee are gonna be closed
cuz the windchill is gonna be below 30
by the way rich don't plan on doing
anything tomorrow things are gonna be
closed yeah I'm staying home tomorrow
fuck this shit
fuck this shit good night everyone
