Episode 015
Spelunky is a fun and good game
January 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC9UrYdp04o
___________________________________________

hey everybody hopefully you can see
and/or hear me
Jack is here rich left me alone
I said that we were going to start the
stream and he says oh great I'm gonna go
out and get lunch he called it lunch
it's 7 p.m.
and he called it lunch do you know how
upsetting that is to someone like me and
dinner a long time ago do we start late
is that a bingo does that count as a
bingo yeah kind of late
we'll allow it right what's rich
thinking so today because of lunch I
know
hi I'm mr. shy smile hi everybody thanks
for coming out hooray hooray solid baked
rich is very excited about his new
computer rich loves it more than
anything it makes him very happy and it
makes me happy that I don't have to
bring in my computer any more to stream
so we both love the computer hi
everybody hi welcome the Fat Boy Scout
character okay I will play as the Fat
Boy Scout character so because we had
such a terrible time on Sunday playing
call of duty today we are only rich
doesn't have anything unlocked so we'll
just play as the normal spelunker we
decided that we are only going to play
games that we like oh rich hasn't played
any of this game yet and so that's why
I'm playing spelunky because I love
spelunky and Ola I forgot to forgot to
tweet so we got it we got to do the old
live tweet and then then I'll start
spelunky and as you guys know I loves
Blanc e Neff tea
all right do you like chocolate milk
stouts
yes send me any milk stout I love stout
beer especially milk stout beers and so
a chocolate milk stout would be great no
later necrodancer rich is gonna play
necrodancer later he really likes he was
that's actually why he went out to get
food now is because earlier while we
were setting up he was just playing
necrodancer so which you know that's
fine that's fine
he wasn't doing his job tweet ok I've
tweeted everything's me let's get
through some spelunky I believe what are
the controls on this I believe we need
to go through the tutorial levels yes
necrodancer press to open it okay you
guys don't need to know the back story
the back stories here you're going
through this bill you're spelunking so
we're just gonna kind of get through
this as fast as possible
tutorial level
getting gold killing snake out
so we're just gonna work our way through
this we had such a bad time on Sunday
playing call of duty I really and I know
I talked about this a lot on Sunday but
I in my head I was gonna have such a
good time like seeing if the game was
really as bad as we thought it was or
maybe you know maybe it wasn't that bad
right cuz it's a popular game and man it
just sucked the life out of me out of
rich out of you guys and I can't I can't
apologize enough for playing call of
duty on Sunday
oh yes John Kela rich and I will be here
at the studio and but like I said he
went to go get some food
have I ever master twig wants to know it
says Jack have you ever beaten hell and
smoking yes I have on my Vita I have
100% against palanca I've done it I've
done speed lung key I've gotten over a
million I've done all I've unlocked all
the stuff I've done everything in
spelunky on my Vita I haven't done it on
the PC yet and this is obviously Rich's
copy obviously this is Rich's copy out
did I not get any
oh I have to bomb that's right this is
richest copy and he hasn't even played
it yet but he should and they didn't get
him to play it tonight I think he would
like that it's a great game
great game loop britches controller I'm
not the biggest fan of I really I was
thinking about bringing mine oh my dad I
died in the tutorial level can you guys
believe that JS around JS around he's
working on stuff so as per usual he
might he might stop by later I have a
microphone all set up for him if he
wants to stop by but he is he's working
he's working on stuff can you imagine
that the audacity of that guy working on
stuff it might he might be working on
stuff from the future of space these are
the important things to note so we're
gonna be okay with Jay working on stuff
because he's working on stuff from the
future space Oh
also now is the time to tell me if
anything is too loud or if anything is
not loud enough can you guys hear the
game can you hear me all the all the
normal stuff that we jibber jabber out
I feel like I complained about riches
control or a lot but then don't bring my
controller so I should know better
that's the moral the stories I should
know better and bring my own controller
levels are good Thank You actor Jay
jiae's breaking bad right
what the fuck
indeed just this guy you know thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it just this guy just this guy you know
no big deal and BD just this guy I know
we very much appreciate your support
that's a shop but I don't wanna buy
anything so doesn't matter I just want
to get through these tutorial levels as
fast as humanly possible so we can start
playing the actual okay oh that was dumb
I don't care about rescuing the damsel
rich went to go get lunch yes rich went
to go get lunch at 7:00 p.m.
that man is strange but that's fine
that's gonna be fine we're all gonna
have to deal with that but space como
says turn rich up you can barely hear
him that's a very good joke all right
let's spelunky
no these are all funny jokes you guys
you're doing great
spiders spider here so I can kill him
great
trying to decide so anyone who knows
Blanc he knows that if you wait two and
a half minutes the ghost comes and the
ghost turns those gems into ghost gems
which are worth with so much more so
there's two gems I don't know if it's
necessarily worth it to come back to
come back to ghost them you know that's
the big question
maybe you know what fuck it let's do it
let's do it let's go oh yeah okay
there's skews another one next to yeah
we have we have enough words worth it
now I think we have enough Oh God rich
Evans the man the myth that Mike is down
cuz it's not no one was there but and
that way we won't hear crunching or
anything so I believe they can
everything's gonna be fine you don't
have the timer I don't want the timer Oh
spider I was a timer
okay yeah I just got through the
tutorials I didn't know that um I didn't
realize that you haven't played it all
yet okay okay there we go so now you can
see the amount of gold I have in the top
right corner and the and the time and
the time is important because when do I
need two ropes damn it when they over
toast sub sure so when that timer hits
two minutes and thirty seconds the ghost
comes and I want that ghost to change
these gems into ghosty gems
okay here comes here comes here comes
the ghost come on ghosty does the ghost
have a name ghost emic g-great I love it
I have on I'm gonna ghost that Jim great
I come down here ghosty and goes to all
these gems look at all those gems II yes
so now we get the ghost all the way over
here so the ghost kills you instantly
but you need her it's again big money
prizes and so you know she's pretty slow
so we can do stuff like that get her get
her out of our way so we can collect
these gems properly and without too much
hassle well not I have rain but they
were concerned they were concerned that
you weren't here shit and I died oh no I
didn't die
great everything's great I'm super
awesome have a nice night mystery person
who's leaving oh that was it that was
all the gems I gotta get out here and I
really should have saved this guy
earlier but I wasn't thinking all right
what the fuck indeed yes
April I love you you know jimmy-jam
comes out when I can't think of real
words to say and I guess lately I've
been thinking of the real words to say
so I just haven't had a need to say
jimmy-jam it okay you know right
no rich that was not nice thank you for
for jimmying that point
I'm not ghosting these gems cuz I have
enough really all I'm hoping for is
enough money to get the jetpack so I'm
not really concerned about ghosting
oh fuck you about ghosting these gems I
just I'd like a little extra money
no jetpack in this level the jetpack is
the ultimate weapon and spelunky suppose
Enya really there was only three gems in
this level so ghosting you know would
have cost me more ropes and just didn't
want to spend them didn't want to spend
them the jetpack is the ultimate that
you owe me to turn your mic on okay
right here take it here
I'm not ghosts yeah but yes the jetpack
is the ultimate thing because then you
don't need ropes and your your you have
unlimited movement and when you do stuff
like ghosts you know you want to be as
mobile as possible and usually that
means like planning out where you're
gonna place your ropes where what
ladders you're gonna use how you're
gonna jump but when you have a jetpack
the world is your oyster you got fucking
jetpack
see that's Oh okay spider level that's
fine
that's fine we can deal with spider
level I'll always look down people right
there if you're on a Ledge like that and
you hold down you can look either up or
down or you can look down and you want
to do that because sometimes there are
these things waiting for you oh well I
meant if you hold up it was the whole
thing here's the whole thing that I
misspoke but that's fine I'm sorry rich
now I'm gonna want to use so every time
you blow up a spider these gems pop out
of them and so this is a level that I
want a ghost cuz I can get all these
jammie-jams kind of will come out of the
way here I want that but that turns my
bombs into sticky bombs hello I got a
helper kind of avianna thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it no I should
listen I know I know don't get me
started on the cloud saves oh yeah yeah
which is still not resolved and I still
have not heard anything from the people
over at Nicole's even though I've
contacted them several times yep
okay we want to get up there oh shit we
gotta get moving
we gotta get moving here we got to get
moving people
the ghost is coming oh hey hey don't
take my fucking gems Jay don't take my
gems buy yeah that's right get out of
here he took my wallet that fuck get out
of here I don't want this lady stealing
my gems get out of here I'm gonna keep
smacking no no oh you fucking bitch you
fucking bitch I hate you fuck fuck oh
jesus H Christ I apologize for my tone
everyone I tried to slap her away she
stole all my fucking gems and so now I
can't ghost any of them ah there's that
that big pile of gems up there she
collected them so you know like I still
get them but I can't ghost them I didn't
want them yet oh yeah can you get that
no you can
there you go now you can get it uh you
got damn things huh I'm just you know
I'm in here not being a jerk I'm trying
to get money cuz that lady's stole all
my money what your karma that was too
close that was way too close damn it
damn it what
what I'm not paying anything to do I
think I need anger management no no it's
fine I was just you know I was starting
a good run there I was just starting a
good run and because rich hasn't
unlocked any of the characters there's a
character to be unlocked I'm not blaming
rich not blaming rich no not buddy no no
not playmaker just stating a fact that
if you have played the game he would
have unlocked that character already and
it wouldn't be fucking up my biz yeah
it's you know like everything in this
game the character unlocks are
randomized and so you just might get a
coffin on a level and that's a character
yeah yeah let me pick up this hunky stud
get the F out of here am i right am i
right chat
you know I am when it comes to hunky
studs I'm always right
your baton don't bat everything's dumb
now that's fine
you know it's fine we're gonna have a
great time
you know why we're not playing call of
duty I love this game
I can I can always be happy playing this
game well that was part of it like I was
so bored I was so bored and then all I
kept thinking about and then you know
like the chat started in saying how they
were bored and so then like I felt bad
as an entertainer where it's like oh I
had this I had this idea and it failed
miserably and so that's just that's what
put me in a funk but then you just think
like that was a huge selling incredibly
popular game last year and you just
start thinking the poor fools that play
it don't they know don't they know oh
there's so much better
you poor fools fly oh my god oh my god
that's true that's true I can be with
you there
all right there's three gems up here so
I'm gonna ghost for anyone wondering I
threw a rope up there to trigger the
arrow trap so it wouldn't hit me we're
gonna go this level doing some recon but
now I don't have too many ropes left so
so now it's all about planning like
where are your ropes go that's good
so this gems way over here so I probably
want to get the ghost to come over on
this side depending on like if you're
closer to the left of the right side
that's what side the ghost comes out on
and so oh fuck that's alright yeah the
ghost will kill the damsel
all right I can get four gyms here and
I'm gonna be okay with that some bombs I
probably want some more no I have enough
bombs in front of bums all right now
let's get ready for the ghost if I had
some stickies I don't for the time so
now basically we've weights and while
we're waiting I can kind of map out my
path so I want to get that gem run over
here and get up here so the ghost can
get all these jimmies oh you know one
fuck it let's let's go for broke here we
are gonna we're inviting a little chaos
into the world I'm gonna go down and try
to get that Idol to because why the fuck
now well Lou
chan is saying that officially the
marble has permission to use spider-man
in movies really I did not see that news
today that's very exciting
yeah link to confirmation please if that
is true that is very exciting and I
wonder what stipulations Sony put along
with that like does it have to be Andrew
Garfield
I think Sony's upset with Andrew
Garfield right now are you yeah that's
right
that's hilarious great
don't go go now we just gotta outrun the
ghost yes oh shit I blew up a gym that's
too bad fuck oh fuck kinda fuck myself
anodite great okay sounds fake like Jax
prays for Arkham Asylum
I like the Arkham Asylum I know what
you're talking about I really did I and
by the way that's all I was talking
about was how much I liked it
Jack would not give token praise to a
triple a game would not have I would not
give token praise to anything but least
of all mainstream something right
because everybody knows we hate
everything
mainstream absolutely 100% 100%
mainstream gave it like I told them
all right I'm here officially oh my god
rich is here he's in front of a
microphone and everything all right so
so if spider-man were officially to be a
part of the movie universe how would you
feel about this III mean and how would
you like to see the pendulum right
that's the better question separate
continuity know that Andrew Garfield
amazing spider-man crap right I'm
assuming they wouldn't be making their
own movies and Sony would still be doing
their garbage like are they just
allowing him to be part of like the
Avengers you show up in civil wars it
would be my guess yeah um you know it
would be cool if much like I'd like to
see them handle him like the Hulk where
he's in the universe he has his own
character thing but we don't need to
worry about origin bullshit I would like
they couldn't I don't think they can
make a full spider-man movie right and
so like they can't there's no reason
doing the origin right well that's what
I'm saying so or is like in The Avengers
you know like Iron Man got his own
movies technically Hulk add his own
movies but that was a different Hulk in
THE AVENGERS right and so like the Hulk
in THE AVENGERS was great he was just
there he had a character arc and he was
awesome I think the second
it is technically button it still sucks
but oh it's boring it's boring I don't
remember anything about that second Hulk
movie yeah - gems to gems rich yeah yes
was he good in anything else Larry Flynt
the people versus people I think was
lawyer Oh was it I think so okay
he was a lawyer in something god damn it
I mean he acted in sin one movie I know
that for sure
does that count I just remember what was
that awful heist movie with Richard Gere
guilty as sin or whatever maybe all I'm
thinking about is the heist movie with
like him Marlon Brando and Robertson
Nero that was an utter utter abomination
no no not the Italian Job Brando
Oh remember do you remember this whoa
let's see with Scully air - oh um I have
- I have ten seconds no no no I don't
know I don't they'll tell us the score
thank you
you said hastin and then I instantly
went to the Italian job by brain yeah I
was like it was a terrible heist movie
with with nothing but good actors it had
Brando it had Robert De Niro
ah and it was just good Arvid HTR that's
what it was called thank you run it into
the ground everybody that was run it
into the ground that's a big gone dude
come here ghosty get down there get that
one get that one
no I'll fuck that's alright I got it I
got it I know this game I know my reach
what it means you tricks this is the
trick this is a stretch cheap trick this
is the mad strategy oh except for I'm
failing comers you're supposed to be
there to give you pressure to leave
level exactly and I have pressure to
leave the level you're firming because
I'm that you're gonna become a firmer
because I'm that good there we go now
you got it
you've become a farmer come on up here
huh I'm realist
I'm keeping the ghosts at bay come down
there no I want to get up there
that'll make it that'll make it easier I
wait kind of wasted her up I mean it's
worth ten thousand that rope is worth
ten thousand please need to get a ghost
out of the way come here come down here
ah here we go
there we go see worried fit this is the
magistratus II so back off topic oh yeah
is it just weird if spider-man is part
of the Marvel Universe is he fit in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe he'd be just
showing up out of nowhere this major
character just poof I'm trying to think
of it another carry out his own movie
and like everybody's gonna have to act
like they know him well he would be he
would be he would be what would be
referred to as street-level okay you
know like he's not he's not a major he's
a street-level hero
sure and it's can't you know it's canon
that there are other heroes in general
right like shield exists I guess if it's
just a cameo
that's probably all about all it would
be anyway it likes to show up in the
background
sure fighting other guys while the
Avengers are doing something important
just like permission to use his image
yeah necessarily make him part of the
movie yeah that would piss me off I
would rather have him not in there at
all I'm guessing Oh that'd be my guess
but I don't even I don't want that
that's that's bullshit I want it I want
a movie I want to be a character I mean
it's hard to get super excited over
something that's only going to end up
being a cameo right
exactly I was excited to be on
spider-man Cinematic Universe spider-man
just sure well who's gonna wave it
he's not even gonna say hi I'm
spider-man swing pass on camera yep well
be like a news footage in the background
during Civil War it'll be like somebody
playing Peter Parker's a guy I'm
spider-man
doo-doo-doo-doo right like other heroes
yeah yeah yep that would that would piss
me right off that's what would happen
nice good grouping is this game fun if
all you do is farm the ghost is there a
better way play the game well I'm trying
to get far so people can see like
what it looks like to get far can you
not get far if you don't form the ghost
oh sure sure all right I'm just doing
this cuz this is this is just how I play
it like that's fun farming the ghost is
a legitimate strategy you don't have to
farm the ghost but I do
oh shit what oh I'm out of ropes and
there's no oh I fucked up
I fucked up bridge so badly I mean I can
still get the jet back if I find a shot
with a jet pack but all of those gems
like um ghosted that's a couple thousand
worth of gems right there and I can't
get him I can't reach him I was not
paying attention to my no but he sells
but oh you know what I can do I get one
yeah hey we'll be yeah I'm gonna wait
for the ghosts after all that oh my god
I'm so dumb I just think about getting
out of it it's the magistrate's Richard
Jack learn how to rob shop no I've never
learned how to rob the shopkeepers if
you're good you can rob the shopkeepers
but then every levels the shopkeeper
goes after you so fuck that that's never
worth it to me what do you mean oh yeah
oh great work jack
super great do you wanna go to track I
kinda want to play necrodancer okay what
are you waiting at your Philips flunky
I'm gonna get my fella when I play
spelunky you know it's gonna be from
fresh assault later sure you're right
you're right
I mean the only thing yeah I did the
tutorial and you should do the tutorial
and I'm just unlocking characters you
know yeah
okay so I need to relock all those
characters so I can explore it exactly
you're right no you're right you're
right
all right off we go so I bought the game
until I got distracted by other things
you were distracted by other games
if you didn't start playing Arkham
Asylum I was thinking this is something
like lucky but thinking about doing I
had some point a parking asylum no deaf
writer on stream who you can do that I
could probably Pub damn closely I've
never actually done it
sure every single time I have a mission
fail in the third scarecrow section okay
which I should have said because none
you know that there are three of those
well I assumed there was more than one
that's I'll tell you that I assume
listen that that was no one off I I can
figure that much out the question is see
those sections were popular Jack
question is what are they deal with the
second game because this guy does not
show up oh I can't think of another
enemy that would have similar powers but
I'm sure I mean I'm sure they do
something it became like a thing they
had to try and replicate it was pretty
pretty popular oh I would believe it
that was a really fun section again
well fuck wasn't paying attention
that's our head damn Zola took the hit
form here yeah you can turn that monitor
if you want to read the chat I'm playing
you were about to
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo the crow good
movie or bad fish it's a good movie when
you're 15 1 Meredith oh that seems a
little bit immature we have a what the
fuck Rachel that is the correct answer
by the way just a couple of songwriters
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true what we do I
wonder if those are the same couple of
songwriters who did the rich Evans
concept album there's a concept album
there's a link to it on the message
board ok the miscellaneous red letter
media section there's a rich evidence
appreciation thread in that thread
somebody put a link to their their their
concept album inspired by rich Evans
that's very funny
and it's flattering oh that's good
better flattering then not
it's it's a bit it's a bit summer to be
a reflection of me I think I think you
need a bit more of a they might be
giants vibe capture the true full
essence of rich Evans but you know
somebody thinks of me I guess this is
what they think of sure do you think
they wonder they wonder what kind of
weird tragedies can turn a man into a
rich Evans do you think your album would
be electronic They Might Be Giants or
our full band they might be giants ooh
electronic electronic flood is kind of
like transitional yeah yep
floods great but you know like they
started out as just the two John's and a
drum machine and like that was part of
their shtick was like everything was
pre-programmed and their can I have to
play along to a click running away from
the ghosts running away from the ghooost
and then they then they got a band the
band of in cuz all their bandmates were
called dancer anyway I really like they
might be giants yeah I don't know if
I've ever mentioned it but flood was the
very first CD that I bought it was the
very first full album that I'm on I
don't know if I could say I like They
Might Be Giants as much as I can say I
had really liked flood would probably be
a more honest answer from me okay I
think I've heard some later stuff
they've done I've been like yeah oh
really yeah you're not just a fan of
them in general know what's playing
I played spelunky J can you give me a
one two three one two three thank you
I'm playing spelunky it's a great game
yes that's another question I didn't
take it as it has a a cartoonish art
style oh shit it looks like a like a
like a kid's Kirk yeah
which would be great if it was horribly
violent not even filled with swearing it
does have a lot of blood and satanic
imagery but kids could probably play
this game and be okay in general not
fall for you know his Dark Lord yeah
it's probably way too difficult for them
but I say that like we had difficult
games growing up so who knows really I
hear a damsel every game was difficult
for me we were trained we all we had
were difficult games that's true no can
you get trapped sometimes pretty much no
mama no you know what I don't think you
can get trapped oh there she is
oh my god oh my god
would I let my kids play this game yeah
they've even watched me play this game
they really like it they like it when I
rescue the the lady and she gave me a
kiss they think it's funny if you rescue
the lady damsel she gives you a kiss and
that gives you an extra hit point Oh
and so they always if they see the lady
or the dog cuz you can change a lady
into a dog do you kiss the dog the dog
gives you a lick and you can also rescue
a man and he gives you a kiss too oh
really yeah Wow do you know you can
choose but yeah you know what if you're
a lady spelunky err and you want a man
to kiss you or a man spelunker yeah damn
it I wanted to sacrifice her
no I need a hit by cuz I only have one
heart left yeah that's sexy there
there's the set of fish altar so I can
take the damsel instead of rescuing here
I can sacrifice your own item yeah you'd
kill this woman for an item absolutely
that might be garbage 100 percent wrong
with you many things what is wrong with
you
mostly I'm good at this game so I know
what it takes to win rich I know what it
takes and I do what it takes the cost of
your soul yes who needs a soul when you
have treasure mad treasure yo rich
you're adorable music and then halfway
the song there's an unnecessary rap
section just because just because hey
what the fuck indeed like that Taylor
Swift song do you like that song until
she starts rapping yeah as Mike thank
you for subscribing what was the one
from mom yeah I think there's a there's
a ramp preppy section in the middle oh
that's a that's Lonely Island I don't
care who it is
yeah I mean they don't credit themselves
as Lonely Island because they don't want
kids listening to other stones using my
pants like yeah but I'm saying the
rappers someone pointed me towards a
Lonely Island
I didn't know existed I guess it was on
this Annelle where John Waters makes a
cameo really I think this is the
weirdest thing yeah oh yeah the creep
the creep yeah yeah yes fuck I'm like
they model their entire look as these
creeper characters on Chuck yes that
thing oh no I used my fucking rope ah
god damn it if you get that thing you
get the I of you jet and you need that
to find the secret shop and fuck
whatever no that's why I killed myself
so J on ironically are we done with that
I thought we were past it I know I did I
was is that your equivalent of the
Ishtar trailer yes yes yes
you started I know and I intentionally
tried to run it into the ground
but apparently don't understand how many
losers I thought you do something over
and over and over and people get sick of
it but apparently less well the games
so in this mean culture that we live in
oh that's not just mean culture that's
everything the more you do it the more
they like it sequels J everything's a
sequel everything's a remake somebody
sent us ishtar director's cut on blu-ray
this week of what so so now do we have
to watch it actually I don't know watch
it cuz it's what we have oh no we do
someone send a VHS copy to so we could
watch it on VHS nobody expects us to
make like a video about it or something
cuz I'm sure it's just boring crappy
movie or we could watch it on the
next-best of the world
whoa they're not do you know thing I
mean everybody's dying
or maybe I'm just lying about hi
now you're talking rich Evans you're a
genius
oh I ate doughnuts you're asking about
the film starry eyes I wholeheartedly
recommend it that's in like my top
movies of last year starry eyes sorry
eyes it's a it's a really small budget
horror film okay
about a young aspiring actress in
Hollywood that will do anything to
become famous like looting murder
including not well exhorting it's
essentially the Saints are sold to Satan
oh really and it's it's really wonderful
it's such a delete actress like her
performance is just fearless and it he
goes to some really dark places it's
been starry-eyed sorry eyes yes starry
eyes not starry I know when it comes out
thing like March maybe
yeah the lead actress that's the point I
think I don't work I've done my belt but
she's so good
I will show you and what the fuck C
carpet is in that's that's good thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it it's true we do every time I'm both
sincere and surprised how many
subscribers do you have III dad and
refresh it's been a while okay I'll show
you what that I know those now spider
okay so the idol is worth I want to say
five thousand dollars so big money but
when you grab it I'm older comes down in
DJ style yes and it can be good like it
it uh it breaks a lot of stuff it gives
you access to areas that you didn't have
access to but if it runs into a
shopkeeper the shopkeeper thinks that
you tried to kill him and tries to
murder you so you have to be very
careful about bringing like the giant
ball of doom multiple people are asking
about Twin Peaks is that part of the
bingo thing yes okay then I'm not going
to good good we do we have to actively
try to avoid things that are on the
bingo chart now do you feeling generous
I was gonna say yeah the other day of
rich just gave gave him everything oh
you know what I will say took on a Dave
Lynch this week he tweeted a picture of
Kyle MacLachlan and the full suit
holding a cup of coffee ready to go
glorious Twin Peaks discussion Jay was
feeling generous well Anna is just
genuinely excited I wanna talk about it
anyway
so they don't realize it but the bingo
is gonna ruin this street for the bingo
no it's fine
everything's fine everything's fine all
the time unless that's a bingo thing
take a rock what happens if they win
bingo
ah they yell shocked ma okay instead of
yelling bingo I think that's funny I
think there might be a drinking game
variant oh I would hope not you guys are
dead yeah that's the problem with Legos
so many of the things are too likely to
happen now you know you need some
options that are less likely to happen
just making it a challenge to actually
get a finger yeah like we start the
stream way often yeah oh my god jet pack
in a box oh fuck yeah fuck yeah rich
look look I got a jet pack look at this
uncle fucking around a jet pack you
actually did that
oh fuck Jie that seems like the
equivalent of me willingly watching an
Adam Sandler comedy at this point yeah
sure like why bother you saw the Turtles
movie sure but I mean you mean the new
Ninja Turtles yeah not gonna you know
that's something different at least I
mean it's Ninja Turtles but it's not
like Adam Sandler movies Lee I know what
it's gonna be - hi so it's worthless
but that means turtle movie that's the
start of a new franchise who knows sure
I don't know it's nowhere like it it had
been so long like I imagine going to see
an Adam Sandler movie like four years
from now and you're just like you're you
know exactly what it's gonna be but what
if what if something's changed yeah okay
you know that was the thing it had been
years since I played a Call of Duty game
they are some of the most popular games
ever to exist I know and I wanted to see
and I got a good deal on a game and and
I made a huge mistake well you never
know until you try hey this is what I'm
saying
huh I'm looking around I'm looking
around hitting things because I'm being
careful I have a jet pack which means
that this is gonna be a good run except
it's making you very timid yes I said
good run not necessarily entertaining
run
Oh No you know what fuck you guy in a
casket
fuck you yeah that's all he's gonna do
this time I steal my fucking gems again
that's fine I'm give a fuck about
everything your caution is not served
well I don't give a fuck about anything
we play free easy mistreating this even
though i fairly played this game at all
perfect great advice oh if someone's
mentioning have either of you heard of
this the podcast the worst idea of all
time no it's it's these two guys I
haven't listened to it that's what
they're asking but it's these two guys
I've decided to watch grown ups 2 once a
week and do a podcast every week where
they talk about it oh my god how long
they've been doing it but I don't know
and well I could imagine it reaching a
point of just insanity they like are
just dissecting individual moments of
that movie I don't know I'd be curious
to listen to that's either a great bad
idea or it might end up being boring
right I don't know I have not listened
to it I think that's a great idea I
think it's really funny it's funny in
concept yes I don't know well I guess
that's the other part of it it's funny
to someone who has never heard the
podcast
this guy's totally yes yeah
I do like that animation it's nice
because he's looking up that makes you
look up there lookout goes yeah I want
the ghost the ghost kills you in one
touch your butt turns those gems into
magic gems he's doing a thing that seems
kind of exploitive to me what do you
mean exploitive this is the game I'm
doing the game the ghost is balanced it
can kill you in one touch but you have
the chance to profit amazingly from it
the little ones don't get transformed
money Wow by the way you're absolutely
right all right
I feel good to make it to the very end
to get the super treasure okay pretty
straightforward yeah you what you've
been seeing by the way is me playing the
exact same level over and over again
because I die a lot but it's roguelike
so every level is randomized okay so
every level is different fucking dark
level fuck fuck fucking fuck oh oh no
it's good there's a whorehouse what
instead of buying things I can buy
kisses say it gives me kisses
and that gives me a heart so that's
great well you know they're the whores
are randomized there we go smarter be
smarter all that goes wrong yeah so you
gonna have enough money to make up for
the heart you lost during the first
second of this next level no I mean you
know pretty much okay if I wouldn't have
had that money I'd I mean I'd only have
one heart is me living and doing very
well yeah not as well as I could have
been yeah that's true but you know I'm
still alive and this is the makings of a
good run no all randomized huh yeah I
want to hold on to my money though oh
fuck you right
whoa yeah dark levels are pain in the
ass but each circle starts with this
torch now fucking I'm getting out of
here so the big thing the big important
thing is getting that that I from the
treasure chests so I can get the secret
black market so I can buy the hunk so I
can die in a specific level so I can
beat so I can go to the level of gold so
I can get a thing so I can beat the head
of Olmec in a certain way so I can go to
hell and beat the game in the real
fashion oh my god
or I can just be I if you just be the
head of all my friend you just beep
again it's complicate this sounds as
episodic and convoluted as inherent vice
what that's all I'll say about here was
that was that a one sentence review
that's refrain from talking about in
here advice at the moment because sure
positive or negative reviews will say
that that movie is stuffy star top-30
I've never heard anything described as
stop Eastern II before
something's constantly stopped wouldn't
start well I guess by the way I
understand I've just never heard that
particular definition can I sell the
ropes no and I cannot no you can't sell
anything
well no it's it's fine it's fine if I
didn't have the gloves like well I also
have the climbing gloves which which
mean that I can stick to any service if
I didn't have them then the ropes would
still be a little helpful
but I mean yeah they're useless to me
now that's okay
kill the caveman well he just he can
fuck me up you feel me
my dish is does that damn so we go get
it good now that's not really no British
I think it was supposed to be British
I'm working on it I'm really pretty
Austrian crikey when are we going to the
loo my darling skip to it they don't
like it when I grab a no that could be
my god there's a tunnel there's a tunnel
man basically he makes it so that you
could start the game from level 2
instead of having to make your way
through the mines which is not something
you usually want to do but if you just
like just say like you just want to
practice in the jungle I could give him
bombs but fuck that now yeah give me
that kiss give it a kiss sweetheart what
rich just got Aerosmith
you've been Aerosmith buying Evans
before haha didn't think so that's life
do the same shit over and over again we
could do a worm level did you see a worm
level what's what's more important do
you think beating the game are doing a
worm level if I do the worm level I'm
probably gonna die if I die though you
can play necrodancer nothing is just a
weird level I could you if I go to the
end of a worm level I could get a knife
that kills everything okay so here's how
you do a worm level you have to throw
the damsel in the worm in the worm bunt
here and then the worm comes and eats it
and eats you
yeah he's still gonna kiss inside now
we're inside a worm and if I can get to
the bottom of the worm level I get a
special knife that kills everything yes
you have to sacrifice the damsel into
the worm in order to get there okay
being inside the worm this yeah oh my
god yeah fucking monkey yeah fucking
monkey fucking monkey fucking monkey get
up
what's the goal here just find the exit
I am pretty blue there it is
yes read the knife go we're done we're
the knife go no I think I got it did I
get it well I got a worm level yeah
the fact that it's innards like quiver
when you're walking on them is
completely disgusting isn't it and if
you walk on them for long enough it
shoots out a little like wormy things
edges against a nightmare mm-hmm isn't
it gross I kind of love it I kind of
love it
what time we got jail what time is it
813 oh great yeah then I think I played
this for an hour and I feel good I feel
happy yeah that's good so now rich would
like to play some necrodancer Oh which
is good which is good I did forget now
today you're right I'm sorry I forgot
not to die but I'm good fuck cuz I had a
great time playing a game that I like
cuz it's a good game so bummed
