Episode 017
Invisible Inc. - then Tay Sway
January 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rLyP0RvwCA
___________________________________________

oh my god that was largest in the room
we can try on mic just for situations
like it reaches unnaturally loud now I
got shake it off stuck in my head as you
should all the time what I have had
stuck in my head all week as a song that
I'd never heard of before but it's
during the opening sequence of inherent
vice it's by a band called can songs
called vitamin C I'm assuming it's a
period movie our period song because the
movie takes place in the the 60s but
it's the it's the best song so I saw a
list I heard the best song and I saw the
best movie ever in the last week and
hear advice not being the best movie
that bean possession but the song from
in here advice is the best song you
really should be so there's easy there's
normal higher and Ironman mode this mode
disables the rewind feature rewind must
be something new I realize
yeah brioche is new yeah I wouldn't want
to use it anyway right I think I think
I'm gonna go these seats for a while
since you play it's been a while it's
not bad good god right I shouldn't
listen to this iron man moon no it's
been so long since I played the game
finally since the review yeah 100% cuz
I've been waiting for it to come out oh
my god do you yeah I've been waiting for
this to get out of early access in it
it's not however access yet that's the
first thing to do this you can randomize
new characters like I can either have
Deckard and Internationale or or even an
island I'll stop being them great I'm
ready I say that
okay let's see here we got a that's a
fairy garden we I want that garden very
garden oh that's right Jen I would not
want to use the rewind feature I told
Jack like easy because I'm not the one
playing it so oh yeah
Jack is playing this now oh the vault
gives us money right it's so long yeah
when I okay both is money it's business
well it's called a fucking vault it's
been months rich and well they've been
talking about making one for years now
and it always falls apart but just the
other day was announced that I remember
some company just just bought the rights
to do it like the rights had lapsed or
something
so it'll happen even if this one falls
apart it will happen eventually and I'll
probably see it just out of curiosity
but appreciate it yeah it's a great
movie yeah I've always said like my
favorite aspect of that movie is when
the the plane with the president gets
hijacked and it crashes into the
building but because it's a little
budget movie they couldn't film a plane
crashing into a building so you see the
plane coming through the building and
then you just see it happen on a monitor
you see like a graphic like that charts
it and it's like oh that's their their
low-budget way of getting around it like
that's awesome yeah and that's and
that's where an escape from New York
remake will be it'll be in order to be
it'll be a proper action movie which the
first one isn't I love the first one but
it's barely an action movie it's more
about like the atmosphere in the tone
and the cinematography and Kurt Russell
it's
yeah I mean the most exciting thing that
happens in that movie is he perforates a
hole in the wall with with his gun and
then jumps through it and that's the
exciting action in the movie and then at
one point he sits in a chair he just
wanders around for a while then he sits
in a chair
it's got great atmospheres so this is
the remake I can already picture what
the whole thing will be in my head I
don't know it might be okay but I don't
care and it's such a simple concept and
Leslie just overcrowd it with dumb shit
it's hard day again yeah I guess that's
kind of a given
I don't know that's all look at the the
Dredd movie have you seen Dredd yet you
still ever seen oh if they didn't escape
from higher the people that made Dredd
and have them do escape from New York
and it would be pretty fucking awesome
because that movie bombs it's true so
it's I escaped from New York it's a
great concept it's I love the look of it
if you were to do an updated version of
that like it I don't know if it wasn't
done stupid like it could be a decent
remake but it probably won't be done any
other way than stupid yeah plus ooh do
you get to replace Kurt Russell like
he's he is Snake Plissken a few years
ago you always call him bad it's shabby
no two names that are neither first nor
last that's true they're just words it's
work I want to say a few years ago when
there was an attempt to do an escape
from New York remake it was what's his
name
Gerard Butler I want to say was attached
to play the Kurt Russell role I think I
don't know who cares that's they already
did a remake of Escape from New York it
was called escape from LA it was the
same damn movie but stupider
well yeah I'm probably just gonna die
and start over that's fine
which I'm okay with well yeah because of
the like if it was just this one and
this one I could take him but there's
the third guard right here
remember this is easy mode
should be back up now I rewound now in
its outline oh you just started give it
a second hm I wonder why you were
talking to them but okay oh yeah here
goes sorry guys we um
ivory wound is what happened yeah we we
I don't know one the stream kicked out
but we just use the new rewind feature
yeah which was to do deck it should
start the previous tour it takes you to
the start of the previous turn so I
didn't fuck up that bad yet
now is there a limited number of those
ruins
how does that work uh yeah you only have
one per level okay but I know what to do
now so this guard is gonna come back
through this door now so I have to do so
I'm gonna hide eckhart here we're gonna
steal from this safe and then
international I need to remember to
close doors
nope sorry still remembering how to play
the game I'm not sure now ladypants
close the door wait she's on the outside
she's she's right where that guy's gonna
see no no cuz I'm gonna go like no I'm
not gonna move in yet first I'm gonna do
this and then I'm gonna hide it right
there okay and then this guy's gonna
come in and turn around and go back out
but these guys are gonna come but I'm
gonna hit him with my phaser okay I
think I think do any moves left
can you peek no for some reason you
Deckard came peek around this corner
that's fine let's see what happens
was it it doesn't matter
I'll be fine see all right exactly
that's what I'm oh that's what I was
hoping for okay so there's this guard
over here but he ain't doing shit
where's the peek icon oh it is out here
all right
I can't do it shit where's the
this guy's going back here I wish I knew
where that guy's gone without ever find
here to go right here oopy doop where
you going
new station are you fine alright great
ladypants on the other hand we are gonna
sneak you to the other room because she
is a lady and she got some pants I never
said it was a clever name close the door
always be closing doors what yeah we're
gonna hide right here and then we're
gonna steal okay excellent
Jack is making progress it's so weird to
play after something faster plays paced
like cancer yes after after spelunky and
necrodancer yeah you have to run around
to the beat of music in this game
definitely a change of pace but whatever
okay I think unless Decker can do
anything else no he can't
shit
he don't see shit oh shit
start off with a pickpocket percent no
that's enough that's what's your face
banks bank that's banks yeah secretin
said but that's fine I just have to wait
for this fuck to go okay what can you do
miss lady pants a whiskey Ranger the
same fuck the Packers yeah no fucking
the dead fuck you that last Packer game
was exciting I don't know what's gonna
happen this Sunday but that last game
was good oh my god like mid throne
that's very sad he's gonna be out for a
whole year or he's gonna try and make a
comeback so howhow are the Bears doing
it was one point they man
great doing it doing it I'm playing the
game guys it's very exciting for me did
you did you give that one safe Oh No
that's where I'm going oh yeah I know
the hotkeys it's pretty great this
location is monitored by an enemy I
noticed that I can't drag guards in it
yes yes yes
oh I'm assuming you guys are back up sir
IRA I'm assuming one of you is streaming
on Sunday right someone's asking cuz
that's when the Packers are playing but
oh yeah I'm assuming you guys don't care
we don't care about the so yes we'll be
freely on Sunday or maybe they might
event Super Bowl Sunday either way I
don't think you care so we were talking
for Super Bowl Sunday don't get people's
hopes up about something that might not
have a Super Bowl parties are holding
commitments that's true so never mind
you know what I'm not gonna say anything
sometimes sometimes they're holes next
day commitments if you drink too much
don't talk about it first
that's see this is what I'm saying
there's no point I'm gonna say even if
it's short oh my god
how many movement points do I have where
does it tell me that I've seven so one
two three
nah come on four five yeah I should have
no wait one two three four and then five
six seven I'm hoping to knock him out
and drag him over here behind the desk
why usually alone and see what's in that
other door there I could do that too
that was a much smarter thing that I
mean probably I mean it would be so much
smarter to do that that I instantly
assumed that was what you were going to
do because that was it was kind of the
obvious
sure thing oh sure sure you know it was
so obvious that I didn't want to be
obvious why why isn't she here what's
going on why is Shmi their wife's me
here Shmi why is she H me here what does
your heart tell you
yeah incognita oh okay I get it it's an
AI now it's an AI thanks Jane it's true
oh I get it when I'm in this mode I'm an
incognito mode okay I get it I
understand everything the world probably
okay probably say it we're talking about
streaming earlier in the day for the
Europeans yes they don't give a shit
about football at least not the good
football - Tatum Channing thank you for
subscribing really her afternoon
pestering yes to do because you know
many European fans have been asking for
earlier streams you know right now it's
like 4:00 a.m. for them fans watch they
might they might to it in earlier as
opposed to during the Superbowl yes so
so unless there are unforeseen
obligations which is very unlikely but
some likely hmm I talk sometimes you
can't not speak words good what I should
just end my turn
be careful the next alarm levels will be
quite dangerous
okay the next alarm levels will be quite
dangerous rich yeah great exactly safe
so Super Bowl Sunday we will be your
streaming your streaming your wrists
treatment yeah I see your ass treatment
are you gonna play like old like Madden
games that's fine
how many of those are there they still
make those right we can do we can do men
then we can also do something like Mario
Strikers if you have a football game
yeah
a proper food ball game soccer game it's
true it's true we do all that fuck is
still there you won't meet you won't
meet one person over here who will refer
to football as American football I'm
gonna start calling an American football
yes
we'll see how see how quickly I get
punched in the face it'll be like the
experiment a social experiment this is
what I'm thinking of doing wrench okay I
move right here because right now I'm in
cover this guy's coming back next turn
so I can go here what is your need to
knock this guy take a go over here
instead of knocking him out why don't
you find a way distracted
here's here's the thing I do distract
him you see that that that kind of the
zone of his sight words not full red but
it's striped yeah he walked in and out
of that area he won't see you but he'll
be alerted he'll go to investigate in
that area so you can walk into the cone
then run back into cover and then when
the roofs check it out you sneak out to
do whatever you were going to do before
ok watch out because that other guard
will come back to it chair well then
I'll wait
oh man turn
all right I like it you know I rich I
like it that's a good strategy
also don't need to know if I need to go
in that room necessarily what is this
nano fabricator I don't care about that
don't care about anything I don't I want
to get in this room it's a nice big room
oh the only thing that card is blocking
is this little room crystal crystal
value look I think it's crystal ball
first of all first of all thank you for
subscribe
I think it's called I think it's
actually pronounced crystal fuck now
they're gonna unsubscribe sorry crystal
whoa NFL some by the NFL yeah you do
know that that game your measurements
were feet inches yeah it's a it's a
pretty big part of the game the name is
actually accurate if you you know if
you're smart enough to realize there's
another definition of foot by the way I
never knew that but they had yards
damage check they use their feet I also
run a whole bunch
hey Chatham tanning Jeff wait another
way to standing shade in tanning what
was the last one Channing Tatum Oh again
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
love your movies have you seen any of
his movies have you seen the Jump Street
movies no they're surprisingly funny
they're made by those that Lord yeah but
lego movie people but now like they
didn't they also did collided with a
Chance of Meatballs which is great I
haven't seen that they also did they did
something else which was great oh okay
those guys
they know what's up yeah I I've only
well he did see the lego movie and that
was good um and yeah 22 Jump Street I
was surprised by how funny it was lots
of self-referential
like this is a pointless sequel tight
jokes that worked surprisingly well then
the original the original regulation
football was one football that is why it
is football oh okay sure I mean I'll
believe it now about that in any case
obviously kicking isn't as important as
it is in soccer yeah look if Europeans
don't like being called soccer why did
you start calling it soccer
I don't think soccer was invented by the
USA in the tournament I honestly have no
clue
I got an average yeah okay he's gonna go
investigate some shit
this corporate safe here Jack you saw
big hero six right yeah someone's asking
about it oh okay I can talk about big
hero six it was good right you want to
talk about kids movies I could talk
about them yeah no it's good
okay it's no it's not like it
things like cloudy with a chance of
meatballs and like a movie are like
legit good yeah big hero six is good but
it borders on that like it's good for a
kids movie yeah how come it's good but
it doesn't transcend you know what it is
it's light okay it's really light
specifically like if you're a fan of
hero movies the like the back like the
it's a team right it's like a team of
superheroes no it is that was just the
big guy you see in the trailer the big
white inflatable things baymax
okay that's actually part of the problem
is like they spend so much time on the
kid and baymax and their relationship
that eventually the team is just like
well I guess we're a team now okay yeah
I had no idea based on the advertising
that it was a like a cheese mix okay I
mean that makes sense I don't know what
the title meant but yeah the trailer
just made it look like it was all about
that guy it's adorable I've seen it a
couple times in theater the kids want to
see it again there's a mess yes obsessed
with it yeah so it's good it's good but
you know borderline kids movie good all
right
not not legit like Cloudy with a Chance
of Meatballs which is legit good I
haven't seen like so I like that I like
that lego movie though speaking of kid
movies the chance bringing up oh yeah
okay we're back okay we were silenced by
George Lucas
no I what I was saying is is Disney owns
Lucasfilm now but that movie had to have
been in production before he sold it
because those animated movies take a
while so I don't know what his
involvement is I'd have to look into it
it doesn't I haven't seen anything for
it okay it just seems so random like it
came out of nowhere that's like oh now
there's this animated George Lucas movie
what unless they change that sure with
one of the updates they usually just
done they don't turn back around just
let her only when they walk back to the
spot whatever sure facing okay they stay
facing that way alright I'll be fine I
guess
this might be oh I found the exit that's
great great let's go see what's in this
nano fabricator
maybe we can get some cool stuff
Oh what was the name of the George Lucas
movie strange magic strange magic oh my
god what the fuck is he in the court of
the Evans King thank you for subscribing
and please it's God not King now people
are asking about Shrek it was a trip
Curry's all fucking cancer
is that a thing I that might be a thing
no afraid of Shrek let me tell you I'm
not afraid of Shrek I just don't know
anything to save us
Minju my goodbye I'm in jail is that the
way the internet works there
everything's a cause or something else
ok well that's dumb yeah 500 Giants
screen we can't read it yeah I'm gonna
go I'm squinting why is that text so
small this one says 400 it's must be I
think a higher resolution monitor that's
TV I don't know it's true 400 okay 500
okay okay great
Deckard's just sitting here we're gonna
be cool we gonna be cool that guy goes
that way cool about fire safety come on
you thing is look he went back and look
this oh that sucks
half in the gag thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's changed
the way that works that's kind of socks
satisfied I don't want to go out anyway
how about that alright it's gonna get
really hard to play this game well you
know choosy battles I could take I could
take the guard out ya know just
distraction used to be a great tool yeah
I agree
I'm just gonna have to think my way out
of it
all right which so I'm gonna fail it's
basically what I'm saying beep oh there
we go there it is there's the business
you need a special key card for to find
CS I might need to take out the guards
to get there oh my bad
they changed the behavior of the guards
it's okay I know no that's not your bad
you were you were doing good so this is
a this is a still in development game
right yeah
oh I got hacked the saves now oh no I
have to toggle the generator I guess I
forget which is the generator I have
changed that out of harbour being
generator before boom
the generators been toggled yo so this
is like an artsy XCOM that's more like
stealth comm it's vaguely like focus on
shooting things focus is on stealth yeah
yeah okay so if X come is the turn-based
version of doom
this is like the the turn base version
of Splinter Cell
nice nice rich thank you haha apt
analogy enter
yeah this is all about stealth and even
though it is turn-based and grid-based
movement it is incredibly intense
there's no but that's a high five right
there you rich Evans just nailed it
nailing it all over the place
Oh big money big money big money and no
I'm good Hey boom-shaka-laka so yeah
after some time we think we need a
special card to get in here sure you do
right so the coins I read that in one of
the other release notes okay it's gonna
quit what that's the stupidest name that
I mean that I mean that in the best way
possible so are you saying you put poop
in the oven accidentally like I guess
you mistook it for food there's a whole
mythology behind us that we're gonna
have to get to the bottom oh no we have
a couple of shotguns what how do we get
chaplains yeah what have you talked
about that would have been a regular
ii-i've asked that we not see the bingo
cards anymore else it's gonna stop the
things we talk about okay try to cats
the thing jack is it is it like
constantly evolving or is it like a set
thing I think it's kind of something
okay so that's good try to get it so we
don't see the bingo cards if you're
gonna keep playing bingo so rich the
question is do I bring in ladypants to
take out the guards to get the key card
to open the thing knowing I only have
like three levels before the alarm
raises right yeah or do I just get
Deckard out of there
I have $2,100 not a lot not a lot of
cash
thank you ah thinking thinking thinking
right what do we figure out a lot of
doors you haven't explored there are no
there's only as you know in the
elevators
yeah the elevators right here oh and
there's only one room I haven't explored
there might be a safe in there I don't
know
Oh like a map or something is that new
oh one of these wannabe
I found a Dana Center that gave me a bad
yelp get out
take the elevator leave all right I'm
like a sometimes you gotta know when to
cut your losses and run all right
I feel you I feel ya cuz I know what do
you get right might be a lot but is like
a lot is it worth dying yeah basically
no yeah we're saying this looks fun
people don't watch our reviews
I mean we've reviewed this game we liked
it I liked it I I liked it I wasn't
worried if you liked it way more than me
mostly I like XCOM and I like stealth
right mostly like I'm just I'm not great
at games like this and so they make me
uncomfortable okay okay
my brain isn't used to processing so
much information I got a sneak can i get
thicker than Y Canada oh wait but
there's another guard over there where's
lady pants oh I should keep you could
sprint oh that's right oh no no no but
that could can get over here well could
he I can't but we can get in that room
between us safe right you could probably
hide in there I think there's another
well you know what I can I think I can
peek it there's a camera there you can
see there's nobody in there I don't even
waste an action oh okay you're right I
forgot we control the cameras out close
the doors always close the door close
the fucking door I always close the
fucking door you can shock that guy's he
comes through and then just run to the
elevator well I can hide it I can hide
it it's fine
all right lady pants in the elevator
great oh there's an exit that's fine the
corporation hasn't so far all upwards oh
this is just firewall upgrades this is
nothing this is nothing
yeah I'm playing on easy Chris I'm
playing on easy I want to win
that's why I've beat there was some
really older versions obviously change
the ones so well you're used to these
kind of tactical games
yeah you got a tactical man I like to go
peel peel with the gun and shoot oh look
I can I can win get out of here yeah we
did the first mission wait you get money
for guards neutralized maybe oh no those
are negative points okay good
Internationa
is that her name let's write if they're
not you know that's not a name kind of
silly
you think that's as much of a name as
Channing Tatum hey Jenny Jenny I want to
say year that's not uncommon I think
that's other people have done that
frequently - Tatum Channing sounds
correct cuz he's not
Channing Tatum is his name Tatum jitters
me neither sound corrects they both
sound like gibberish oh wait how many
points to get so you just get one let's
call him C tan C - C tan and tastes away
yeah oh right that's right
inventory slots Oh steal from
okay this is attempt we're gonna call it
for baby time number four dying back on
what we were getting good numbers oh
here we go
yep now it's happening no it happened
okay it's happening it's happening
yeah it might I mean that's possible
anything is possible
hey guys welcome back Sarita refresh
come on grandpa you can figure it out
it's the button that looks like the
refresh button it's at it's a furry
nurse it's Apple the Feria oh I'm so
sorry
land land Oh was taken I'm sorry that
you paid five American dollars for dead
air but we're here we're back now thank
you for subscribing
did you subscribe today shout out
whatever Lando was taken Thank You vs.
thanks for your patience
thanks for your patience I think we're
back which is very exciting
okay okay
I'm gonna do one more level of invisible
ink and then we're gonna change it up
okay just because I'm probably gonna die
in this low
I don't know continued my exception oh
you could do that yeah you guys one more
exhale change the name of the stream to
the XCOM strong oh that's funny actually
I don't even know I hear about XCOM all
the time I don't know often you've
streamed it but rich is in the middle of
my wah-wah
all right that's right that's right keep
asking me about that's why I talk about
it yeah rich what would you do with this
kind of situation class do you like oh
yeah no it's but we did a that was one
of our early streams was XCOM and
we should just get back to another yeah
so that's not terribly I think we've
done FTL more it's too soon we're not
talking about it yet people keep
mentioning this surgeon simulator game
oh sure I don't know what that is it
sounds like a comedy thing yes yeah I
remember
remember Octodad yes awkward controls
it's okay but you have to do surgery and
you only control your hands and you have
to like pick up different things oh okay
it's it looks to be very fun so yes we
should definitely do that at one time
that should be when if we can get the
whole group together that would be a fun
all right all right that's you know that
is that's us I know what that means
don't worry
I know it's going
turret right
oh no I probably need to hack the turret
because I can't I can't do that from
here well yeah I think I'm clear okay I
think we gotta do the old takedown cuz
this guy okay
now we go into overwatch ready to go
anime XCOM so so it's like XCOM but
command you know that isn't oh snap
oh shit rich shots fired yes a anime is
bad
that's like saying action movies are bad
it's pretty broad that's pretty broad in
general I hate it I know so little about
anime I couldn't even say no I got a I
got a pass card whatever you know what
I'm just gonna sit on them for a bit
then oh no here there's a door over here
with his pass card key after a turn I'm
going to sit on him okay
hey guys did you know that everything is
possible that's not even a song it's
sort of everything is awesome but not
really no no nothing's possible I heard
my nieces and nephews sing that
everything is awesome song yeah so much
from that movie came home and I didn't
see the movie and then I saw the movie
relatively recently and I was like it
was creepy to me that the song that
they're obsessed with and they love is
like this weird brainwashing tool in the
movie that's bizarre and the kids love
it oh do you know who else did that song
Lonely Island and Tegan and Sara really
yeah that's interesting a the female
parts okay we're done that is weird
you want another interesting factoid no
okay what is your interesting thing
are you really not gonna give it just
wanted us my channel thinking about the
Lonely Island Andy samberg's wife is
joanna newsom I know that name she is an
indie arty musician okay she she plays
the harp okay
she had a popular song pop popular indie
song called the sprout and the bean it's
freakin adorable I don't know the song
she sings weird and plays the harp is it
cutesy and quirky that kind of thing so
much so that it might hurt you okay they
do have a threshold for that kind of
thing yeah
got the database I hacked to the planet
rich okay yeah it's it's pretty rough
everything's fine ah damn I know people
are saying joanna newsom is an inherent
vice Oh see the narrator character chat
can someone tell me nope I can't
Chet Chet ease till there well now we
got to catch up
oh yeah thing at the oleic you got that
oh yes she is the narrator oh okay oh
she's good in that movie yeah oh it is
much shit over here that's great
what it's fine everything is fine
maybe what are you doing let me will
ever be fine jack is that true
it's true oh nothing ever or that I feel
can dim the door close the fucking door
yeah this is the closed door game always
be closing doors
so that's all that that's all my
factoids joanna newsom is married to
Andy Samberg well that's exactly yeah
you know she's acted in other things
apparently she's in an ear and voice I
don't know if she's an actress too or
did that was just weird stunt casting
could be weird Sun casting she has a
unique voice yeah yeah so perhaps that's
what they were thinking that Paul Thomas
Anderson he knows how to cast a movie
except for agreement these are things I
should know yeah yeah that's really nice
you start no I think because I hacked
this database I got that I think I don't
know for sure
I don't think
oh shit that guard is still out okay
cards up cards up
Evel knieval says rich I will rehab my
subscription if you give Valkyria
chronicles a try gotcha
every time I get up from this chair it
swings around and smacks into the mic so
I'm assuming people have been picking
that up the guard or does that mean he's
coming if I said I didn't know
like I still that's not gonna help
good
that was his walk back so now he's in
this room yes okay great everything's
great everything's possible
Jesus Christ
rich is dying it's like Robert DeNiro in
Cape Fear the movie theater just I know
it's not gonna help us listen what else
am I gonna do die yeah yeah is there
room why thank you probably I'm just
gonna stand there now really yeah
we've got the explanation for said oh
he's going over here okay percent that
fucked already well I can still end the
turn and see what happens and if I get
fucked everyone hears you're gonna get
far yeah well we'll see
ok I got a plan you know you should have
done it's too late now
Deckard has the invisibility cloak oh
that's right because I don't remember
well listen this is why I'm no good at
this and I have a poor memory I have a
poor memory I have a poor memory this is
not backseat gaming it already happened
it's too right
my maxi game do you'd be alive right now
that's true that's true
use what Decker's gonna do what we want
see looking at now it tells me like hey
you fucked up you want to rewind the
game yeah hey look how I'm super smart
yeah I feel I feel the door they come
out of it
you're safe hiding on the side right
right I got that he's turning that way I
thought I could get in here but there
was all right I feel like the rewind
means that I failed so yes it does so
why don't you play some ex-con now
you're just done okay I failed I got to
play it and I likes playing it again
here you make it go away I don't know I
don't know how your fancy computer make
it go away cuz you make it cool
that's why all of us really
so those are our options we can or we
can't
you don't
oh my god Rich's vomited where it's just
vomited all over the keyboard I thought
spilling my beer was bad he'll soak up
the beer my special mouse five buttons
too many okay I did you should never
touch rich a special Mouse just saying
that's against company policy see that's
another thing now I feel like after this
fuck use January video that joke has run
its course so for me it's like okay
that's done just like the ishtar trailer
it's like okay that's done but people
who can't get enough of these things I
don't get memes they make no sense to me
you know what I don't like about memes
cuz they're supposed to be funny right
you do the same thing over and over and
over and it's always supposed to be
funny to me comedy like it works because
of the element of surprise
sure like a joke is funny cuz it catches
you off-guard well when you see the same
thing you've seen a billion times that
was that funny name isn't quite a joke
okay a meme is that thing that people
like alright I don't like them I don't
get on
I don't like knock-knock jokes so that
explains a lot okay it's not unique it's
just copying the same thing right well
okay I don't understand any of this I'm
a grandpa it's the same game I was
playing on the west room what was I
doing
see that's an element of surprise that's
why that's funny now someone else does
tells the exact same joke it won't be
funny no that's right I was just about
to do yes John keel oh you won't see if
we're done with this chart I ran it into
the ground I'm sorry for everyone who
said they couldn't hear me I had the
microphone sets of rich Evans volume
which rich Evans has I don't know if I
want to call it magical I cannot explain
the power of SEPs low SEPs low thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it and Jay you
might be able to speak to the power for
a difference noise as well whenever I
monitor his sound it's always different
than everything
it's always different than everything
else and it's always way louder than you
think
no he has a voice that can carry he's a
born actor he's a born and it's a born
lesbian Virg Evans is a born last before
all right it's quite possible that you
guys here and/or see what's happening
here and for the record I do not like
mustard I just thought it's his computer
and I thought I would be funny which is
on Mike
apparently we went a little too far with
all of our Tatum Channing jokes
Channing Tatum jokes I honestly don't
know which is correct
shut that down now they don't know my
name I renounce J I get I I don't think
we're streaming it it still hasn't come
up here I'm gonna refresh I'm refreshing
we have tried to go online can you
change the server no yeah that's right
