Episode 018
Rich's Arkham No Death Run (Part 2)
January 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lePJZF-mh3c
___________________________________________

oh I think we have a guest hello Seattle
you're on the air and how do you feel
about the proposed tax hikes because
then we're going to stadium it'll be
great
I heard the Seahawks won how how
terrible for all of the Green Bay fans
out there this is a sad sad day for them
someone told me and I don't know if you
know rich is if Green Bay would have won
they would have been in the Super Bowl
yeah I know this oh is he and I didn't
fucking fuck him to death I'm just I'm
just sad that Aaron Rodgers leg didn't
fall off come on
fuck you I'm wishing ill will yes we are
oh great hi everybody did you hear did
you see the article online getting
passed around the Green Bay Packers
apparently in their downtime of play
Settlers of Catan Wow that's good that's
good for them when they're when they're
when they're not when they're not having
gay butt sex hey there's nothing wrong
with being gay Jack I'm just implying
that maybe this is something that the
Green Bay Packers would would engage in
that's all nothing wrong with it there
really is like an hour ago we took a pit
stop and I showed up an hour ago just
thinking to myself oh I should change
the name of the stream
because I didn't know if you could get
in and Mike you were streaming but you
weren't there I was I was on a break
I've been I've been streaming since you
know 3:30 4:00 in the afternoon
why figured if I got a kill and I was
gonna kill time I was gonna play some
Arkham Asylum anyway I figured I may as
well just stream it so it was kind of a
secret stream it was a silent one I
didn't have him icon for almost all of
it it's like last last half-hour I've
had the mic on yes I'm mostly successful
so far yeah I had the game crashed twice
so it feels it feels impure you know
it's not it's not one uninterrupted no
death run cuz I had died to turn the
game back on so I don't like that and
then I had one of those you know press
lb to say if he does the back klom but
you know you don't get a game over
screen but it's kind of like almost it
feels like it should be a falling death
it does so I had one of those what
happens though if you don't press lb to
save I don't know I don't know because
if you if you press L or if you don't
first lb is that like a real death you
have to go back to that I'm not sure I
just know it makes me feel bad and even
if I do manage to go through the night
without getting an official game over
screen I'll feel like I have to try
again at some point but we're going to
soldier on ok you might I don't know if
you want spoilers you might want to
actually not watch the stream oh my god
yeah yeah okay oh yeah pop the chat I
want me to turn up I'm turning my
microphone up I don't know if that helps
well I could turn I could turn you up
over here and then just turn the game
audio down let me do that I mean if
you'd like I also turned myself up a
little bit but we'll see if this so
we'll see
we will see if this helps hi everybody I
made it here safe everyone was very
worried because I was I was tweeting out
pictures of my morning beverage intake
which included double-fisting coffee and
beer and then I said I was driving back
from Minnesota today I was not driving
don't worry all right JEP how does Jack
sound dizzy this is Jack this is Jack
and this is kind of my normal talking
well that's like my radio voice this is
my normal talking voice so Jack's audio
is much better better Jack still a
little low I get I can I can turn you up
even more if you want well that's
alright
it sounds like I have a mouthful of
cotton
it sounds like I have a mouthful of a
cotton now is it good
but a little better drunk Jack sounds
like a smooth dude that's right a
horrible glory Jack is here that's true
honey in my ears very muscle still motto
how do I sound in your head well known
all right you son loud in my headphones
okay I've got your audio now turned all
the way up oh I guess I could just turn
my audio down everybody could just raise
the audio on their side I don't know
sure that might not or maybe they have
it all the way up I don't know and that
could be that could be a way to do it
that's alright why you know what why the
eff not that's the really thing that's
not not good enough still not good
enough still yeah turn turned down rich
we're gonna turn down me no I'm down and
Jack is up it's true alright Jack is
here Jack is always here junkie low is
saying everything isn't fine but that
was before I turned myself down so now I
don't know what's going on now jack you
just watch what they're saying and if
things are bad well I'm gonna go back to
game great and you might you might need
to carry the burden of this chat because
I mean I'm in no deathrun mode I might
be quiet at times
I'm okay with that okay we can talk
about stuff okay I see good
I see perfect sounds good great I
thought I'm gonna say it's good enough
all right it's good enough for rock and
roll well you know what all right indeed
I'm going the wrong way
well congratulations Batman just started
going the wrong way I mean he does so
he's horribly embarrassed but he's gonna
act all cool about it not say anything
he's just gonna he's just gonna turn
around and go the other way what you
need to do is there needs to be a button
to like bend down and pretend to look
for clues it's perfectly fine
oh hey user two seven seven two two one
I'm glad I'm here too
it's great it's gonna be great it's
gonna be great jack what say you about
Jays daily blogs I love them I think you
know I think it's so great that Jay is
finally like expressing himself you know
we get a lot we get a lot of chances to
talk previously recorded live just about
random stuff but you know like there's a
lot of back-and-forth there's a lot of
conversation and so I feel like Jay
holds back and so now that Jay has his
own daily vlogs he can just really
off-the-cuff say what's on his mind so I
think it's great I think it's absolutely
great so yeah I really think they're
very good yeah but you know I'm not a
fan of vlog is in general but you know
like I watch Jays of course of course he
just talks to me in general so it's
weird it's actually also it's also weird
just in general to bring it to change
your subject slightly Jay Jay has some
very interesting things to say he does
he does and I enjoy talking with him in
general that's why I actually sometimes
it's weird watching episodes of half in
the bag because like you know or talking
with Jay in person where it's like if
there's a movie I know that Jay has seen
and has done an episode for sometimes I
won't watch the episode because I want
to see the movie first
and then if I'm talking to Jay about it
like I can hear I can hear the half in
the bag episode coming out of him you
know
yeah boy in his vlog Easton he's not
just talking about movies you know he's
expanding his horizons
he's nothing about whatever it's great
it's great it's great to see
no it's great but yeah um sometimes that
is weird for me just in general like
watching half in the bag and hearing Jay
and Mike talk back and forth just
because it's like you know I'm peering
in on their conversation and that's
weird sometimes for me just because I
have regular conversations with them
that is all so how was your day today
was today was all right you know I I was
visiting friends in Minnesota over the
weekend we go up there my wife and I and
kids go up there every once in a while
to visit friends oh sorry man so that
wasn't a business thing that was just uh
Jack oh yeah that was just a fun time
thing not a business thing so you say
yeah we just got there and visit friends
and and all hang out very old friends
and today was driving back we stopped at
IKEA on the way back rich
IKEA is life IKEA is love I don't know
if you've ever been to Ikea furniture
jack
it is super cheap but all of it is
exactly what you need it's good build my
own furniture why they stays Jack that
would be fun
build your own don't mean why not build
my own desk
sure why not buy some wood make a
kick-ass oak desk rather than something
that I'm sure you could know I mean can
you do that do you have the ability you
know I would have to expand my horizons
what are you laughs but I do write I do
it I am you know you know what you know
what I really wanted you know though
yeah we're at me in the whale Oh hold on
I got a bat man I gotta I gotta be
Batman Jack I gotta be back in no you bi
you be Batman
see the jet has the same pacing pacing I
made I made a made a boneheaded mashing
mistake oh we're playing a drinking game
by the way okay
every time I get hit take a drink okay
well then every time I get hit or shot
so everybody has to take a drink now all
right I'm taking one I just thought I
just saw it on the replay you getting
hit actually I am gonna watch you a
little bit I'm gonna watch your combat
look I get some combat pointers it's
gonna blow your mind how good I am
that's a true statement I love when you
get really like cockily overconfident
overall confident I am exactly the right
amount of confident jack it was exactly
the right amount is it amuses me when
you're cocky in general just because as
a person you're not very cocky and so
you know when you do when you get cocky
in a game it amuses me when I get cocky
it's because I deserve it
hey my Xander one thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
alright so anyway what what I want to do
is I was at a hobby store with my firm
we're looking for like stuff for space
cops for making miniatures and whatnot
and I saw what they had they had a one
two three fifty scale enterprise 1701 2a
or the you know the refit one from the
motion picture model like when built
it's like three feet long oh my god I
really want to build it I really want to
build it and I want to do a good job of
building it sure
but I'm sure there's a lot of work that
would go into that
do that hmm wait oh no I'm just I'm
reading a chat it says Jack I want to
donate directly to you and get a sub can
we do that maybe what does that mean
Brad I don't understand your questions
you want to donate to us and subscribe
then then just subscribe then you
subscribe or go to red letter media comm
and there's a donate button on the upper
right hand corner if you just want to
donate and don't want to subscribe works
but back on the levy the enterprise
model things like I was I was looking up
the paint jobs on that and you know you
know that that ship from the movie it's
got all of those those like panels
they're painting on it and there's like
thousands of them oh my god and it would
probably take me a fucking geared to do
that and to do it right but oh here cuz
like it's not just about like putting
the model pieces it's an amazingly
intricate paint job for that right oh my
god with special iridescent paint it's
not even you know like a different color
or just the white shines differently and
that makes it look like a different
panel and I want to do it I want to do
it so bad don't know don't but like the
full looking up what not what do you
what do you mean no why not because it's
a chachki
what do you mean a chachki look at you
talking about where are you gonna make
sense on top of my desk why not I got my
spider-man bust there I'll just move the
spider-man Boston I'm replace it with a
three foot long model of the enterprise
I love like I would love to build
something like that but I would then
what I would then love to get it out of
my house well that's you I'm it's not me
and I want to do this I've never
seriously built a model kit before but
now I want to and I want to build like a
huge ridiculously complicated one maybe
start with a simpler No
I don't want to that's not how this is
gonna go down Jack that's fine I'm okay
with this hey do what you do I'm gonna
make a little miniature Captain Kirk and
I'm gonna put him in one of the windows
and it's gonna be awesome
mm okay
I can I can hear the lack of confidence
in your voice Jack I mean I find it I
find it very disturbing I I mean you I
enjoy stuff like that I am a couple a
couple or like last year the year before
I built myself a strong Beast I don't
know if you know what these are they're
I don't know what power waste is what
it's a wind-powered robot okay and so
you know imagine just the most
complicated model ever because it's like
you're building moving parts and then
they all hook up to a fan like a
windmill blade type fan and then you can
blow on it or put it outside on a windy
day and it's like the spider thing that
crawls when the fan moves huh it's it's
them it's the most beautiful thing in
the world I need to get another one
because mine broke down you can do that
but I can't build a Starship Enterprise
it's it's first of all one it's small to
it does something so this would be a
model of a ship I love I think I think
visually
the single best version of the
enterprise you know ABCDE or or whatever
is the the refit one yeah or the a
however you want to look at it okay but
that that is just a gorgeous
science-fiction ship okay and I needed
sure no and I I'm purely playing devil's
advocate here obviously you know if you
want to build a ship and place it on
your desk you go ahead I'm just I'm just
making sure you you think through all of
me
what consequences what are you talking
about what what are the consequences
what what are the bad things that could
happen to me the ship might come alive
and shoot phasers at me I might I might
build it so awesomely accurate that the
ship works and decides it's going to
attack it's creative that's what you're
worried about
well you're you're silly check i well
you know I'm worried I'm worried that
you will make it's so perfect and
gorgeous and beautiful that you will be
unable to leave your house stare at it
until I starve to death well maybe maybe
the model will be so perfect staring at
it will nourish me and so then I won't
starve to death have you thought about
that I I think that's more likely
Meisner one asks Jack have you ever been
to American science and surplus in
Milwaukee and that kind of lends itself
to the whole model building conversation
American science and surplus is one of
the most beautiful and perfect stores
ever well they used to be one in Orland
Park Illinois I was there quite a bit
when they were in operation there great
it's it's just like random electronic
engineering
it's just random stuff that you can use
for anything I I spent a ton of time
there when I was in high school my
friends and I would go and just pick
through and buy weird stuff I go now
still like if I need props and if I need
a little like electronic pieces for
props but I don't go that often anymore
which is unfortunate cuz I love that
store I could spend all day just
touching everything in that store but I
like stuff like that I I like Nick Nicky
stores and I let you know what I like
I love tchotchkes which is why I don't
have that many of them in my house
because it would be a problem for me we
we we pick up strange things for sets
and science and surplus all the time
mm-hmm so red letter media is no
stranger to the science and surplus
store big supporters of American science
and surplus right next to a decent comic
shop to lost a world of wonder in comic
shop not my go to the comic shop
I'm a collectors edge guy but they were
they were giving away their CD shelves
and we took like eight of them to be
part of the space cop set oh did you so
part of that lost world wonders will be
in space cop forever oh great that's
great a Michelle 87 asks does fuck
bought 5,000 make an appearance in space
god no oh
rich I was gonna do a bit oh I'm sorry
jack no wait I did I say no I'm not sure
what I meant to say it wasn't no I was
saying no about something in the game
yeah I was saying no about a thing that
happened in the game what were you gonna
say Jack
okay well the honest answer is no fuck
five five thousand the cardboard box the
fucking robot will not make an
appearance in space cop I was going to
say I was going to tease people and say
that they need to find his they need to
find him like we've hidden fuck about
five thousand that's that's not true at
all no no it's not true at all but
wouldn't that be funny like after like
months after space cop comes out they're
like I I think I found fuck BOTS I think
this is his arm and this scene yeah I
think that's just cool yeah it would
have been cruel but just cruel and I
would have had to if he told that
instantly I'm sorry it would have been
funny for me
so everybody pitches in for building of
the sets then I mean that's that's Jay
Mike and rich yeah yeah it's you know
I'm there to help move stuff I don't
build anything just because I'm usually
just not there but yeah J Mike and rich
build everything that you see on camera
and some other things like baby they
built sex for me which has been great
well the best thing is that the dolly
event j-bolt know that is not the best
that is the best thing it's super cheap
and effective you can call it a piece of
shit but that thing work said it's
worked for years no he is a new one now
I wish I you know what we get more use
out of the the old one because it's
easier to use it's easier to assemble I
think taking new bring by the way look
okay
gone take a drink yeah okay I will take
a drink I think that there's a way to
use the new wheels with the old track we
won't get started you won't get started
on a Dalek track why do you hate the I
you know it's it's it is it's a it's an
effective dolly yes don't throw pennies
to the dollar compared to other dollies
yes but it's just barely effective at
any moment that thing could crumble
under its own weight he needs he needs
wheels that are sent farther apart other
than that it's perfect and that's why I
like his other dolly track has like
those roller skate wheels on an L clamp
nice smooth ball bearing wheels where
it's like if he could use those wheels
on his PVC pipe dolly track I think I
think he'd have a winner and that's it
that's my big problem my problem isn't
his PVC dolly track it's the wheels for
his dolly
I mean basically Chad this thing is a
board with four wheels nailed at the
bottom of it
then some like commuter PVC - then you
put the camera on that you can move it
back and forth smoothly we've been using
it for years it's it's quasi effective
it's extremely effective
I think quasi by quasi do you mean very
I I mean it could crumble at any
involvement it hasn't and it's been you
know if it crumbled
even if ever crumbled amaryl as long as
that thing's been in use it would still
be a fine effective tool that that that
served proudly and well that's true and
that's right true I see a couple people
asking what I'm drinking tonight
right now I'm drinking an insurrection
Imperial IPA a very lovely beverage that
I picked up when I was in Minnesota
there's this grade liquor store by my
friend's house and they have they have
beer that we do not have here and so I'm
going to be drinking a couple beers that
I got there tonight and one of them
you're right I am pissing rich off
tonight off I see someone previously
retorted it says that he legit wants to
see an rlm movie a feeding frenzy bears
feeding frenzy there's there several
Arlo movies that you can watch right
this very moment and user2 77221 i will
not quit my hatin haters be hatin y'all
y'all is right am i taking a holiday
from work tomorrow I never take a
holiday from work I worked on Christmas
what's everything what's tomorrow
MLK Jr day Oh schools banks not that was
in February I don't know if that's one
that changes like oh okay okay
but I don't know tomorrow so no no I
will not be some businesses are open for
that one that's not that's a federal
holiday you know some businesses are
open we I have a video that I need to
shoot like next week and have edited by
the week after so I will I will be doing
tons of business oh nothing but business
it's gonna be business time up in here
that's right that's right
did you see I see some people joking
about feeding frenzy and their Academy
Awards
did you see here's the thing about
awards in general and I think we've
talked about this yep
I don't give him no bucks how's this
relate to feeding frenzy I was someone
was joking about feeding frenzy getting
awards okay and that made me just think
about awards in general so I don't care
like I don't care who wins an Oscar I
don't care everyone's in Aisle golden
thought that those things do not matter
to me at all right right and here is why
the lego movie besides a nomination for
a song is
not nominated for anything okay
including Best Animated Feature what's
animated what's nominated for Best
Animated Feature which is kind of a
stupid award anyway this won five
animated movies a year I mean that that
one is just complete nonsense in my my
eye so I will tell you what's best
animated here best animated the tale of
Princess Kaguya which is a Studio Ghibli
film which I'm sure is wonderful and
brilliant How to Train Your Dragon 2
which is not better than the lego movie
define it's a fine movie not better than
roar like a movie the boxtrolls which
I've heard great things about big hero 6
which we've talked about I enjoy not
better than the lego movie and song of
the sea' which I haven't so here's
here's here's the thing with the lego
movie Jack it's it's a movie with a
built-in excuse for being kind of just a
dumb adventure story it's got a great
arty-farty excuse for it but at its
heart it's a standard goofy animated
adventure movie right but there's a
reason yeah yeah they just they found a
loophole
basically yeah and so it's a loophole
it's fine we'll be fun movie
entertaining movie yes but then by the
way like when Yuri watch that after you
but I know it's the movie of the stories
challenge but that's okay because the
movie was in the child's imagination no
it's an excuse it's a gimmick
it's sure
okay what would you think of that movie
if they didn't have the child's
imagination spin on it then what do you
think it were just a lot of dumb
pop-culture references charming as they
might be I would think that it would be
some some dumb pop-culture references
and it was by the way I was in that boat
like halfway through the movie I was
just like this is the most trite and
simplest story I've ever seen why is
everyone so excited about this movie
this is like I was like that's what I
kept thinking is like this is the most
basic movie ever made why is everyone so
excited about this then you then you get
to the twist it's all in the child's
mind it's like of course yeah you know
why Jack they tricked you
yeah they fooled you yeah they fooled me
it was great they played you like a
puppet and I was along for the ride it
worked I was dancing but I enjoyed it
too
I enjoyed it a lot but the point is this
this is part of the reason why I don't
care about awards but is because they
they're not in it for like the best or
the art or whatnot they they have
towards don't matter no this is why you
don't see red letter media Oscar
specials that's true sure it's like
boyhood one the goal of yeah whatever
quitting sure we did it didn't change
our opinion on it write your opinion
that it's the greatest movie ever -
actually I don't have an opinion I
haven't seen it cuz I don't care - but
I'm you know Mike and Jay they don't
care
why isn't or one I'm glad I let you to
enjoy preacher somebody read preacher on
my recommendation and love great great
preachers amazing I'm still waiting to
get that from Jesse oh yeah yeah
I asked her about it the other day no
she's still gonna read it she's still
definitely totally going to read it oh
no I'm taking it from her do that at
least I'll have an excuse to loaded
somebody else then yeah great good to
get it back from her that actually would
work yes
great rich and Jack have not seen
boyhood so we have no opinions but I
find that I'd say about 75% of the time
no you know yeah 75% of the time I'm
pretty with Jay in my state not a
hundred percent but most of the time I'm
with Jay and Mike and I hate arty-farty
bullshit so I would probably hate
boyhood so I'm not going to see it cuz
I'm not gonna waste my time that's my
boy you still watching are you watching
the stream basically Jack no I'm not
watching this okay why the spoiler stuff
okay I know no I actually opened a
different tab to look up who got
nominated for Best Animated Feature
though I want to know who this is
supposed to be chat if you know who the
fuck this is supposed to be if there's
like one weird inmate never comes out of
the cell he's got a detailed face I can
only assume this is aid one of the
developers I don't know
but who the fuck is this
and Jack if you're looking at the chat
if you could tell me I'm looking at it
now is that supposed to be Syd I don't
know why I'm suing it is he's the only
person in the game that looks like that
isn't that so is that a Batman character
is that a developer or what sure yeah he
looks it's Mike's a classic maybe okay
god what a terrible price gave me this
weird guy in a loony bin who grunts OH
can I not automatically hate our tea
party bullshit I I in fact I appreciate
our tea party bullshit if that makes any
sense like I would rather have someone
it's all about presentation right good
because everything is already party
bullshit when you're trying to use
metaphor and and all that malarkey it's
already party bullshit but it's all
about presentation and there are there
are some arty-farty bullshit's that
don't do enough to hide the arty-farty
then I feel like gets on my nerves I
don't know if that makes any sense
sure like for example I'm really
conflicted about this whole this the
Shia LaBeouf music video for SIA very
conflicted about it have you seen it
oh my god rich its Shia LaBeouf and a 12
year old girl doing an interpretive
dance it's beautiful okay it's the mo
it's the dumbest thing you've ever seen
Shia has lost his mind
yep Chyna's lost his mind and it's a 12
year old girl and they're both wearing
like skin tone like dirtied outfits and
crawling around a cage doing
interpretive dance it's beautiful and
it's beautiful because like they commit
to it there's not a hint of cynicism in
it for them like they really believe
that they are expressing something
through dance
and I appreciate that and at the same
time it's ridiculous it's basically what
I'm saying is it's complicated I'm gonna
have to start paying attention to the
game here buddy okay you pay biggest
fight not the one I'm thinking of still
a fight okay can I give any examples of
where I disagreed with Mike and Jay on
the half and the bag sure sure I'm sure
I'm sure there's been a couple like for
example I oh you know they had a lot of
bad things to say about the end half of
the first Captain America movie yeah it
was kind of bland I don't you know if I
was with them on that episode but if I
wasn't I agree with them
no and I disagree I think I think it
kind of ramped up nicely and I really I
liked I liked every bit of Captain
America except for it was there was a
big technical error in explaining why he
had to crash the plane but besides that
I thought it was I thought it was fine I
thought I really enjoyed the first
Captain America Captain America movie
and so that was you know that's a simple
it's a stupid simple example but I know
I mean we all agree that the first half
of the Captain America movie is
brilliant it was good I don't know as
far as billion C brilliant might be
hyperbole buddy because it takes place
in the same era and it has the same
director I can't help but thinking that
The Rocketeer is so much better at at
being a 1940's superhero movie you know
The Rocketeer is amazing The Rocketeer
is one of the most underappreciated
movies of all time super movies I agree
I agree with that statement but also The
Rocketeer has not
aged well I've seen it somewhat recently
I disagree and what I have also seen it
someone recently every bit of rocket in
that movie is that all that matters you
not the characterization the the
villains the the details that make
movies good you'd be worried about the
action disclosures
I am I am their disappoint Jack Richard
Evans in an action movie you needs
there's there's fine action in that
movie it's a little cheesy man there's
one point when he puts on that rocket at
the end he flies up to the blimp and
that was great people are saluting him
and he's fighting that Frankenstein
monster and he flies kind of around and
under the blimp and knocks him from you
that's great
dumped what if you're dumb for thinking
otherwise what about the section when
he's in the restaurant and rocketing
around on the food trolleys yeah that
wasn't that's great but you're judging
was moving on it's action scenes why
because it's a fucking action movie it's
it's a superhero movie with good
characters good patinas good villains
rich I am with you I'm bad by the way
good movie good characters great setting
great styles everything the great art
design I have and you don't like that
you don't like the middle of the movie
action scene that's your complaint so
the movies bad you're being as bad as
our fans here and picking one little
thing I say negative about it and
assuming that I hate the whole movie I
love The Rocketeer it's a great movie I
have one little nitpicky bad thing to
say about it and that's something that
they did right in the Captain America
movies where I think they did the
characterization well they did the
setting well I think they did all of the
storytelling well and they had good
action I'm so upset at you right now I
just electrocuted myself
I just I just got electrocuted I'm so
upset I forgot to do something important
I think you're crazy I think you are
equally as I think you are more crazy
The Rocketeer is a great movie no yes
marketer is great boy The Rocketeer is a
great movie Captain America is not
Captain America is a very good movie
no I here's here's what I'm saying The
Rocketeer on many levels is a better
movie than Captain America Captain
America is an entertaining first half of
movie and then a bla you directionless
second half with a random fighting Nazi
scenes the fights the bad guy in a plane
that's the ending we're gonna punch each
other now no matter terrible second half
terrible you're crazy it's it's a it's a
nice ramp up the whole thing works his
transformation from skinny kid to want
to be hero that were yeah that worked
fine a halfway through the film and then
after that they don't know what to do
but then there's another there's another
transition there's the secondary like
like you know a starry-eyed started a
hero to actual hero transition that I
think they handled the the only
transition that happened that ended at
the first half then he became a hero and
then the movie didn't know what to do
see this again this is something where I
disagree with they he started up when
when he started being a hero he was
naive
he was underprepared and then as the
movie goes on along he becomes he
becomes a wannabe hero into the actual
hero now well I got nice technical there
was a huge technical mishap with the
actual final heroic sacrifice which is
they did not correctly explain why he
needed to crash the plane that was never
explained that was supposed to be the
big defining it final moment
but what is wrong with you what is wrong
with you what is wrong with you what
what are you talking about you're
condemning the Rocketeer based on
technical nitpicks and I want you to
choose your words correctly condemning
ah is not anything I think I've said it
was great I think I've said you're
ignoring large structural weaknesses in
Captain America but you're complaining
about the small technical nitpick I am
you're you're missing the larger picture
Jack I am technically nitpicking both is
what I'm doing and you could see the
force if only it weren't for all those
trees Jack it's true so that by the way
there was an example I okay you know
what that apparently Mike J I am sick of
this conversation so you're right I
agree with everything you just said you
were absolutely right yeah
I said The Rocketeer up well I said
aspects of The Rocketeer doesn't hold up
I don't know if I if I if I said that
The Rocketeer doesn't hold up that was a
misspeak aspects of The Rocketeer don't
hold up namely the action sequences
that's this is what
I did you're okay you're right I
apparently I I misspoke and I started
off with a far too extreme statement the
action sequences in The Rocketeer do not
hold up everything else about the right
here is great but Captain America is a
good movie just don't talk to me talk to
them not me I am talking to oh god oh
god
yeah I'm sorry I'm I got 24 seconds here
okay no Chad and it's not just that the
effects don't go
it's that the way in which he chose to
film news effects are so drastically
different than how we do it nowadays
which you know was the smart way to do
it then that's what kind of breaks his
dog butter the jack like the red
skeleton standard Captain America is a
very standard movie listen no it's great
movie I've ever seen
god I hate that you know what I hate I
hate The Rocketeer though I am gonna
hurt you the next time
racketeering I mean that middle action
sequence was go God it wasn't he didn't
blow enough things up
he wasn't flying enough yeah no terrible
movie arm and you're gonna have a big
bruise on your arm and then when we do
the next episode when we film the next
episode I'm gonna make you wear a
sleeveless shirt to show off that bruise
on your arm like Captain America that
that sure was great when he punched the
Red Skelton at the end that was great
he didn't even punch him at the end by
the way Red Skelton got sucked up
through the vortex he didn't even he
didn't even punch it might be no no so
what else is going on what's no way I'm
trying to think of other movies in which
I have drastically disagreed with Mike
and Jay on
I mean like I said we agree most of the
time and then the other part is I don't
watch episodes if it's a movie I haven't
seen just because I would like to see it
there was one movie I remember in
particular that I viscerally hated and I
think Jane really liked it
forget what that was here's the thing
guardians of the galaxy wouldn't say
visceral hate but oh yeah well Jay loves
guardians of the galaxy it was fine it's
fine but it's not everything it's been
hyped up debate this is the thing
Jay Jay has a love affair with guardians
of the galaxy that I think is unhealthy
oh that's right because we all saw that
together we saw guardians together and
you and I came out feeling the exact
same way which is like it's all right
yeah no my problem could be I'm a fan of
Farscape and and guardians of the galaxy
is just like a shallower version of
Farscape yes people are telling me to
update the stream name I am now oh thank
you jack
stream updated it is now a no Mike thing
it's it's a it was my thing no guardians
was a super fun movie it was very
entertaining and it was fine it was
perfectly acceptable and fine and but
I've even rented it and watched it again
that's how enjoyable was which you know
that says a lot for me because I don't
have a lot of time to watch movies and
you know I'm a cheapskate and so
actually renting one means that I
enjoyed it but I want to say we kept
describing it as a movie with a ton of
pay off with no setup yeah it was it was
an end it was a movie that was so
chocked full of tell don't show that it
hurt
of everything instead of instead of
showing character development a
character every character had their
little monologue and now it is time to
explain my heartbreaking backstory like
every character and it's just like we
don't need it I'm glad the head backstop
oh sure sure
but you know the example that I keep
pointing to when I have this
conversation with people is rocket right
obviously rocket is talking there is one
scene where he's changing in the in the
prison and we see all of like the
medical implants and all of these yeah
and it's great in like you can see like
he's like putting on a shirt he's a
little in pain while he does it and that
is showing we see that and we
immediately understand why rocket is the
person he is right but then later rocket
has his little soliloquy I didn't ask to
be tested on table but you know like his
whole thing right and that is
unnecessary we don't need that because
you've already shown it to us well in
general I think we share an opinion on
the movie I do like that same little
rocket that when he when it kind of
breaks down sorry
no and that's but it's fine I just I
think and by the way it's a good scene I
think it's unnecessary
okay where like he could have broken
down and had a dramatic scene without
that dramatic scene involving his
backstory you know where it's and it's
this is what syndicate this is the
example of my problem with all of the
characters they all have their little it
is now time for my backstory and well in
it doesn't matter it's a good movie one
thing I'll criticize yeah relatively
minor thing in the grand scheme of
things yeah um near the end one like the
big fight with nebula is gonna happen
nebula and Gamora you know they they
walk into the ship and they exchanged
words yeah and then when Drax just
shoots her yes that was the best thing
ever and they should have
did at that nebulus should not have
appeared in the movie again after that
because that was perfect cuz once once
she they cut back to it later and
nebulas fight with gamma organic how
that ruined that joke
absolutely that's one that's a minor
criticism but that that bugged the hell
out of me alright big fight Oh big big
fight then you know and I'll just yeah
you give her I agree with you and and
that was my big problem two movies there
were a ton of little moments like that
that kept not ruining it for it but just
like arcing me a little bit like that's
I think that's is a fair example I just
knock some guy off a building
congratulations but he's not dead there
was the whole woe of course he's not
that no he's just unconscious
there was the scene where where the star
war dand rocket were in those mining
things and star-lord is just like like
let's fight these guys with the mining
things and rockets like what are you
talking about we're in mining things and
Star Wars like these are bulletproof do
you get it and you know it was just one
of those things worth that's that's
another situation where the mining ships
it could have been showed to us that
they were bulletproof maybe in like an
earlier scene like in that opening
swooping into the hull ceedric
we could have seemed that the mining
ships were impervious to damage and that
would have been the setup to the later
payoff of them using the mining ships to
battle okay oh my god are you okay yeah
oh my god and you know watching the
movie there's there's just a ton
of little moments that that all had up
to it's still being a very entertaining
movie and still a very good movie but
just Jay's love of James Gunn and his
humor but that's fine that's Jays
personal oh did you dick punch someone
that's great
that means always stick punching people
- yes that's what he does no but yeah
the entire like mining pod sequence it
was a it was a fun action sequence but
but that's the example of what I was
talking about earlier with like that was
a payoff that had no setup and so it
felt like a cheap payoff they could have
said something about those
indestructible pods earlier that's
Albany didn't even say something earlier
in the movie and I'd have been happy of
course I'm 100% 100% like and then we
wouldn't have the clunky exposition
during the battle scene we would already
know what's going on which would make
the battle scene a little smoother the
the entirety of his relationship with
dr. steve brule kind of comes out of
nowhere like we get that we get the one
line when he's arrested and and steve
brule is like is like oh I've busted
star-lord before and star-lord is like
yeah and then suddenly two hours later
at the end of the movie star Lord is
calling his personal phone and it's like
clunky setup but no no that's not clunky
that's a week that is a week set up one
where he's like oh I know this guy's
like you busted him once there's no
relationship there except for this one
tiny weak set up you know
that's no those are some examples still
a fine fine movie a fine movie handle
you know they're a great addition to the
Marvel Cinematic Universe because it is
a little different
stylistically which is nice she could
fit through the bars like yeah maybe she
could fit through the bars why didn't
you like Papa home tap I you know what I
I didn't get through Papa hotels been
did you ever see go boho temperature
heard about it no never seen it yeah and
I have I have a soft spot for Bruce
Campbell I think I saw the first five
minutes and turned it off I don't I
remember nothing about those five
minutes I just didn't think it was for
me and I have not given it a proper
chance Jaclyn is there anybody who
doesn't have a soft pod soft spot for
Bruce Gander I could see the younger
generation not knowing who he is and not
having a soft spot for him
anybody who's seen Evil Dead 2 has a
soft spot for this campus that is true
that is 100% true the the the Marvel
Cinematic Universe needs to go away that
it's there they're the ones that that
are making over here don't run it into
the ground with time don't worry
100% they will 100% I think the death
toll was when they came out with like
the list of 25 movies over the next five
years
that's really all right all right yeah I
I have not seen my name is Bruce but I
have read if Chin's could kill and that
is a flippin great autobiography if
Chin's could kill the Bruce Campbell
autobiography is a super great read if
you are at all interested
early sam raimi bruce campbell like that
hole the evil dead lore like you read
yourself if Chin's could kill that's a
great know i don't know that i need to
read it it sounds like they have the
same back stories Mike and me yes very
similar no but you know talks about like
him growing beyond the Sam Raimi shadow
and like making it as his own like
universe yeah I mean he he was never a
star he's always been a cult hit and
he's always been a cult hit because of
Evil Dead 2 and Sam Raimi like he's
never been a star but he has always
managed to be this like working BC great
actor because of Sam Raimi and Evil Dead
2 but he's got to work without Sam Raimi
sure without that though he's nobody
without without that he's nobody I don't
know I don't know that I can agree that
he ever got out of these shadows of Sam
Raimi well he got out of the shadow of
Sam Raimi because we're talking about
Bruce Campbell like we're talking about
Bruce Campbell because he was an evil
dead too but not because he was in Bubba
hotep
but he had I believe he has hit his own
thing where it's like I will who cares
about like why he's there we're talking
about him now you know rich to lot hold
on I'm gonna turn my son down yeah they
keep saying I'm a little too quiet I I'm
also kind of like I have Jack cranked
all the way up if you can't hear jack
there's nothing I can do about it no and
also I think it's my fault I keep kind
of slowly like twisting my chair away
from my microphone so I apologize I will
keep my myface firmly planted in front
of this microphone so if you hear all my
s's and peas you're gonna hear him great
yeah like Bruce Campbell has his own
thing now he is his own brand sure
because of Evil Dead but he kept going
post sam raimi you know he kept the
momentum up these small short momentum
but he kept it up well rich Evans ever
get out of max two classes shadow
probably not I'm nothing without our own
I'm what I've never made any claims
otherwise I'm just some schmuck who's
goofy on camera
mhm and I'm okay with that I work with
my friends so you know things could be a
lot worse but here's the important thing
rich easy you keep doing it up it's it's
not it's there's no reluctance there you
keep choosing to do it that's your
choice to write stories Mike okay great
you're getting is nothing without rich
that's true you seem like you're getting
quieter to me I think I was talking cry
house this is this normal volume I think
I was mumbling there for a second it's
been a long day I could also hang up and
try calling again if it's maybe maybe
it's just just setting I've got on my
little headset well that could be
because I just turned you up and not you
some fine
oh great everything's fine everything's
fine all the time rich yeah anything is
possible no it's true anything's
possible it's not probable but it's
possible that's that's that's
theoretical physics right there dog all
those Riddler shit
and let's see if Riddler shed yeah we're
gonna we're gonna do something special
with the our love is and love song the
song from feeding frenzy that I made Jay
and I will figure out something special
to do some time listen we'll do it some
time we'll do it some time we need like
a music video or something we sing it I
don't know
my love is hard
your love is lovely my love is hot your
love is lovely and I love you my love is
my love is cool your love is lovely and
I love you I'm a greatness I can't hit
the high notes right now it's been too
long today
Jack I wanted you to full time that
entire video away from this chat history
it's too bad this is all I doing okay I
could be tap-dancing if you think that
would make it better
that song is great I feel perfect for
what was needed yes agreed
yeah well release that and we'll
officially release the crack of a brand
song I don't know why whoever wrote the
crocodile brain song you should just
release it
he gave me a copy he emailed me a copy
but it's just like you can just release
that into a world that's fine Jack tell
us stories of being drunk in college
they're not very funny because I didn't
do much you don't remember many of them
you were drunk in college also like I
didn't get drunk in college like a lot
was kind of my pothead year so I I got
high a lot and then when I got higher
didn't do anything except for playing
Mario Kart and Metal Gear Solid that's
why I'm a very boring person in general
let's see here so I'm sorry and yeah do
the auto-tune yeah oh by the way our
love is and love is a heavily auto-tuned
so what yeah it's true it's 100% true
when am I gonna play another text
adventure game soon well you do texture
you gonna do a graphical one or what do
you wanna do well the next one we're
gonna move together I thought was
leached Larry - oh wow there was four
glorious fun game it's a good it's one
of the better adventure games okay okay
listen I'm okay doing point-and-click
text adventures I'm okay with any of
that okay I like it
gobbledygook that's a weird question
that's a question what is the worst
thing you've ever done to hurt another
person I deliberately deliberately
that's oh that's a weird question um you
know you know what I've probably done is
not return for messages how awful the
person I am but I I feel like that is
the worst thing like if I send an email
to someone with like you know replies
with like a question and they don't
answer me I think that's the worst thing
in the world
no I Oh it bugs the ever living shit out
of me
if I email or message someone with a
question and they do not respond to me
and so I do make it a point to try to
respond to everyone who contacts me
obviously I can't do everyone you know
some some people I miss but I do really
try but probably the worst thing I've
done is like purposefully not
replied to someone which is not I mean
like I said I'm a very boring person
Jack danger Packard exactly which is why
we're coming up on two weeks now since
the lovely people over at nycos Games
have not responded to me about my
playstation 4 Vida cross save Isaac who
troubles oh and there they're about like
I'm getting more upset by the fact that
they have not responded to me than the
fact that I lost my game save because
like out like my questions are just like
have you heard of this before is there
anything I can do to make this not
happen again do I just need to play
three separate games is this a feature I
can't use like I'm asking them just
general questions and they have not
responded to me over Twitter or email
and it's getting to the point where it
is eating me up inside the cloud listen
I know far is the worst thing you've
done to anybody
yeah I don't know this quite and the
spirit of the question the back and back
in high school there was this really fat
kid like a high school kid he probably
literally weighed 300 pounds mmm big big
man very large man none of it was muscle
hmm but it's one day during lunch he had
taken somebody's book their school book
and he was like you know holding it over
his head he was he's playing keep-away
with the book okay and I was watching
that I was kind of little annoyed by it
and then I was hehehe actually he got up
he stood up and he was putting the book
under his butt he was gonna sit on this
kids book hmm and I went behind him as
he was sitting down I yanked the chair
off from under me mmm
fell down the middle of the school
cafeteria everybody laughing at him
probably the worst thing I've ever done
to somebody but then again he was gonna
sit on some kids book so right
right right I'm seeing now someone
someone has sent saying that they sent
me a game on GOG and I have not
responded to them and I'm so sorry okay
KJ tb8 I will look back in my emails did
you email it to me I would look back in
my emails it happened sometimes I go on
email deleting binges and I apologize
profusely and yeah also it's it's a
weird thing because like it's a tricky
subject cuz like some people will just
send me like an email saying like oh I
really enjoy your stuff I'm a big fan of
rlm thanks so much right and it's like
what is my response to that where it's
like am I like where they don't ask a
question they just like send me an email
like should I respond to that with like
a I try to do like just say oh thanks
for watching but it's like sometimes I
will get a message that I don't feel
needs a response and I so I'm sure that
I have also sent messages that I felt
deserves a response that other people
felt didn't so I understand it's a gray
area it's a gray area this is very
important to people this is this is my
only that's my that's my only real tic
and so yeah like it's very British
people are saying the chat it's very
it's a very British thing of me so like
I'm not going to respond to your email
so I apologize if if I've missed anyone
who has sent me a message I thoroughly
do apologize I have not done that to
anyone like in the twitch chat I do this
to me you know sometimes like the people
I know but I've not done this anyone
here in the third shatter in any rlm fam
I usually I will just tell you why I'm
not responding to you if I'm not
responding to you but in any case Jack
cold-shoulder Packard 100% silent
treatment factor I am a good into issues
people are saying those are the worst
things you've done to people you're
practically a goody two-shoes yeah you
know I'm definitely a goody two-shoes
you are someone was asking on Twitter
lately they said it would be really
funny if you got all jacked up on
caffeine for one of the streams and I
was like rich doesn't drink coffee and
he doesn't drink energy drinks so I just
really doubt that's gonna happen I've
never I don't think caffeine has ever
had an especially strong effect on me
well you know you haven't had I mean
were you ever a coffee drinker or
anything no no no you know this is this
is the thing is you've never had a good
caffeine dose and that's fine don't get
into it cuz it's the it's the worst best
drug it's a drug that is not that bad
for you so you feel like you can do it
all the time you know I I mean I'm sure
I've been a dick to some people because
I'm an opinionated person but I don't
know if that's the meanest thing in the
world people are dicks sometimes what's
your name
Blake Slifkin I'm paying attention to
you
that's all they wanted huh
they just said Jack pay attention to me
that's done you got it you wasted it on
pay attention next I'm taking any shit
today Jack I've had a long day we've had
a long day long traveling day
Minneapolis is not very far away but you
know it's a six-hour it's a six-hour
trek that's a lot of time with a car
Jack please what what do you want the
worst thing Jack did was knock over the
we all the worst that was pretty bad
that was preserved
no that was deserved and very funny so
I'm okay with it I had to repair it Jack
yeah
you just hurt me the wheel doesn't feel
pain I do you know you know what I
thought about doing cuz I wasn't sure
what to play tonight I thought about
taking the wheel of the worst and just
taping game names on it yeah we made a
camera for that to really work well a
Michelle is asking if we are planning
another board game stream I'm not
planning one I do want to do another one
as I've been playing more of this
betrayal betrayal on the house betrayal
of house on the hill I don't know if
I've told you did you play that one with
us no oh my god it's the greatest it's a
super fun it's a roguelike board game
it's great okay and I really want to
play a fun game was that the
Lovecraftian kind of one there's
anything as a mouse not Lovecraftian
it's you know it's it's it has a ton of
horror imagery and it's it's one where
you have to lay out the room tiles as
you explore the mansion and so it's a
different layout
every time okay all items are randomized
all characters are randomized and then
what the fuck can she keep thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it we
absolutely appreciate it and then what
happens is there's something called the
haunt and when the haunt happens it
turns from an exploration game into the
actual game and there are 50 different
scenarios there are two booklets
detailing 50 different scenarios that
could randomly happen and so every time
you play the game it's a little bit
different it's really great it's and
we've been having a lot of fun playing
that yeah so I would definitely like to
stream that but you know no super plans
we don't plan well good look at those
tears that is clearly some kind of
fabric he's wearing a thicker fabric but
it's still fabric and it's not like
bolted together motorized armor Ironman
plating yes he is not Iron Man he's not
wearing armor depending it like they're
probably well the definition of armor is
something that protects your body I got
I got an intense concentrator okay this
is serious business do it do it do it
I got caught I'm gonna die I'm gonna die
I said I was gonna use gargles but this
is life or death its death
it's death I died well that was my no
death run yeah that's all right
how far did you make it chef okay that's
pretty good
oh and all the only Batman we're wearing
armor plating you were not using
gargoyles no oh my god just just at the
end there nice nice what to do now was
the question
listen I mean if you're doing a no
different we can call it and I think I
mean obviously you've been streaming
forever we get we can call this game
we've only you know been talking for a
couple hours if that naive of that power
we mean that we've been talking for
about an hour and a half yeah yeah yeah
I might take a break okay Sam is done
okay that's okay take a break I'll
refill my beverage and we can come back
and do something else people on the
chance screaming yes really yes one I
thought you guys were my friends oh
please kill people want you to keep
playing well that no it's a no different
we've played a whole lot of Arkham
Asylum hmm arguably too much so I'm
gonna take a break and then we'll find
some else to do I'm not sure what yet
okay all right hey Rick I'm pausing the
the stream it's called a stream right
this dream yeah then just make sure that
you mute yourself and the other to mute
me I'll still just hear me talking
