Episode 019
Arkham Plants Vs ZOmbies
January 23, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lwUoDMcQ7M
___________________________________________

yes and we are unmuted is the hearing
happening the hearing previously
recorded live the rehearing inator
earning previously recorded live my
songs on nature alright good good good
are we
audio levels everyone heard properly
eject oh yeah now audio leveling I have
changed this stream title oh no I
haven't I thought I did I will change
the stream title but we're still vs
Zombies Arkham Asylum plants vs. zombies
great perfect games also loud just turn
the game stone down in the game in the
game dude oh absolutely
what are they saying about the audio do
we still need adjusting oh it's a zombie
to that but I think I can adjust that um
I am do I get your to up okay that's
what they're saying there so I'm gonna
turn you down terribly don't worry buddy
I'm gonna talk you know and talk about
know John Kela says it sounds good I'm
gonna talk about what I'm drinking now
something I'm very excited about okay I
found this in Minnesota it's a Cindy
iego brewery ballast point sculpin India
Pale Ale this is a beautiful India Pale
Ale it's it's very light little citrusy
very refreshing sculpin from ballast
point Brewing Company all right
Minnesota find people are saying perfect
people are saying I'm loud people are
saying you're loud I don't know what
right I don't know what is what fucking
fuck we're playing this game are we
playing Richard plants versus a visa
they said why didn't you change the
story I did change the tribute all right
everything's changed sculpin when John
kilo speaks I listen it's true I listen
to the moderators that's what they're
there for
I just took my shoes off to get more
comfy in my feet really smell right now
can I tell you how glad I am that I'm
not there they I mean my I can't believe
my feet smell as bad as they do it's
kind of amazing is it amazing just cuz
like you haven't like done anything that
physical today and Jack what about a
prereq of wursts prereq of the worst
special episode four subscribers only
what does that know what that work if
you have you apparently have this whole
idea thought out and and I don't
understand it what's the pitch that that
somehow we stream only two subscribers I
don't think we could do that I don't
think we can and Rich's on the fence of
whether or not he wants to so I don't
know I mean that's not a good way to get
new subscribers if nobody can hear
you're thin to begin with right
I like I do like the idea of a prereq of
the worst where we we take a day and
just kind of randomize the the bad games
we're playing I think that's very funny
like a mixed bag some games good some
games bad my family's here half an hour
each something like something like that
and then we spin again for a different
game oh sure yeah we can we can hook up
the camera so you can see the spin live
yeah I think that's fun yeah I like it
but I don't know he says not streaming
an actual episode with the wheel of the
worst with bad video games um I mean
maybe that's maybe I guess is the answer
to that we will think about that we will
think about that oh during when you were
when you turned off the stream someone
someone asked a question that I wanted
to answer with my mouth instead of my
typing okay which is I have in the past
criticized both Guillermo del Toro and
Bryan Singer for not being able to
direct action yeah citing stuff like the
first x-men movie or the first Hellboy
movie I did not oh my god oh Jays in the
chat hi JJ welcome to the chat the fuck
are you doing here are you crying about
your Packers right because they lost
they lost they were up at the half - Jay
what happened I mean you got the Packers
they had the the world just in the palm
of their hand there at the half they're
up like 16 or 19 dead what was it how
many plants to see how they were up
seven they were all that mean no points
that no points that have to the fourth
quarter inch they were up at the fourth
quarter
Oh God by how much by a lot
yes the Seahawks had zero points in the
fourth quarter oh my god really yes yes
oh yes Wow oh those Packers they just
they just show didn't they I think the
exact same thing happened last year they
fucking joke
what are they the cops I mean they're
not that bad
Oh oh good he's gonna he's gonna vlog
about it tomorrow that's a great day
those blogs are great you keep doing
those vlogs Jay we love them we love we
were talking about that or didn't love
we loved hearing just your your personal
opinions up so keep them up we really
appreciate your vlogs almost they
talking about them we're talking about
how the Packers just kind of like choked
I wasn't watching the game but I was
keeping up with it on my phone because I
have a few projects that directly relate
to whether or not the Packers won or
lost and you know for a while I was just
like oh I guess Packers are gonna win
this game like oh we're in the third
quarter Packers are you know our winning
handily oh wait
Seahawks score that's weird well Packers
are still wait Seahawks courting oh no I
can't wait to go home and read about
this yeah how was that it was that the
end of your story but you said you can't
you said you came home and read about it
no I can't wait to to read about the
loss the game oh sure it's here oh sorry
I oh oh did you he fucked up in minutes
versus zombies it didn't break my game
I'm still playing
okay that's great
the world still turns though it does
turn turn turn
oh thank you John Kela I was I was
talking about why I dislike Bryan Singer
and get more del Toro's action sequences
and Hellboy and x-men it's because
they're slow and clunky and didn't have
the budget for nice effects it's
basically it is they in in a good action
sequence I feel like it needs to have an
appropriate pace and all of the action
sequences in the first x-men movie and
the Hellboy movie felt as if they were
punching through molasses and I think
the real problem was in the editing like
it took Hellboy five years to swing that
big fist and it looked really cool but
the pacing was off and so I don't
believe they can so maybe the problem
was in editing but I'm gonna blame the
director I think is why not you too slow
too clunky
I can't every right to do this it's true
I might be wrong I might be wrong no the
hell the Hellboy subway fight was not
great that was I was embarrassing they
did the thing where Hellboy gets pushed
back and he tries to grab onto the floor
and it shatters all around them and it
looks awful
I hated that I really hated that oh good
we're back to 666 viewers a little from
from what did we have a dip no I don't
know no oh I think we had a boost 365 we
need one more
oh oh oh no come on we're at 667 now
and then we have one too many it's true
no no by the way Jack does not think
he's a better director than a moral he
knows it
I do go but he knows it right right and
yes this is a no death run for rich I
never made that claim no I just thought
it was funny what was the death I wasn't
watching I still think he got spotted
and then everybody shot at me because I
didn't have any of the other guards
neutralized Jenna
sure so it wasn't even am those death I
got spot sure but it wasn't like a boss
fight or anything no challenging section
I thought I was safe safe hanging over
the ledge but apparently he saw me
anyway no Jack you said you hated Days
of Future past why because because it
was a dumb movie if I were to go into
specifics why she's she oh she's a
hardcore x-men fan and she agreed with
me on my hate of that movie it's just it
didn't make a lot of sense it was a lot
of it was a lot of plot for convenience
you know the whole Charles not wanting
to use his power anymore and the look
like if someone could explain to me what
purpose Quicksilver served in that movie
I think that would be great he was the
Quicksilver exactly it was the dumbest
no Envy on what first class that I see
someone in the chat saying there was one
good x-men movie I said that is first
class and first class is okay that is an
OK emotion what oh my god I'm sorry I'm
so sorry
what's your problems zombies zombies are
my problem I'm so wrong about these a
few fast I'm not wrong about this
diffuser bad it's a bad movie J so by
the way there's another example of
movies I disagree with with change these
future prices of dumb movie fuck first
fucking level how do they fucking do
that shit oh god damn it
kid damn it I'm sorry I I lack first one
in the chat I apologize I do lack the
mental fortitude to properly articulate
why it is that I dislike Days of Future
past at the moment are you gonna die I
have to fight I have to fight Jay next
time I see him are you oh did you try
plugging in the computer today rich what
are you still going through Wi-Fi oh I'm
still going through Wi-Fi I forgot about
that actually no problems at all today
okay cuz we're getting something okay oh
well right now we're getting we're
getting some drops and legs not a big
deal oh do I get an instant ban for all
caps Jay and I are gonna have a
conversation about x-men Days of Future
past next time I see him Jay does have
the gun no Jay will win in a fight I'm a
very weak man dumb movie Jennifer
Lawrence is not acting in it
characters show up for no reason
stumble I really disliked it rich what's
going on with you what do you think
should be okay I didn't know if there
was my play oh you just said you just
weren't you weren't talking I'm just
sitting thinking on that that was awful
that was I ain't hurt myself like plants
vs. zombies for frying object plants vs.
zombies how does how does a man do that
and still feel like a man I don't know I
don't know I'm sorry I apologize I
apologize no oh no by the way when I say
I'm gonna fight ji what I mean is we're
gonna have a conversation and J will
bring up why he thinks he why he thinks
the movies good I'm gonna bring up why I
think the movies bad and that's gonna be
the end of it it's gonna be he's gonna
be he's gonna that
Jennifer Lawrence does not look forward
in every publicity shot from that movie
no no Jennifer Lawrence is bored in that
movie Jennifer the the and I think we've
talked about this on strat on chat
before the movies reliance on mystique
as a main villain baffles me she's not
an interesting character and I shoehorn
her in to all of these situations and
Jennifer learns because she's not an
interesting character I don't she's she
she's like a she's a low-level fug in
the books and you know they turn her
into into this big deal you know because
it's a naked painted lady in the movies
and that's easily sellable I suppose it
was I mean there's a lot of little
things with the movie it's been a while
since I've seen it and I've been
drinking so I cannot properly articulate
why it is that I hated it but I just
remembered really not liking it
a lot of convenience a lot of math jack
please please wat go away from rec style
fight what yeah whatever
controversy I should not have clicked on
that now it's not anything no no it's
alright Jay and I have disagreements it
happens
oh right this stream is lagging really
yeah really bad should have plugged it
in yeah you should have plugged it in
I could I could stop you really do that
now I mean I don't know you don't even
need to stop the stream you just plug it
in it's it's plugged into the computer
right now
is it plugged with the food or the
computers no I guess that's not why all
right okay Richard's gonna figure it out
Jack were you drinking when you saw Days
of Future past no I was not
or maybe I was I don't know I don't care
it was a bad movie yeah yeah I agree
Lisa just gave us a thumbs down because
she overheard me talking about Days of
Future past this dumb movie and Jay
that's fine if you liked it I mean we
can't be friends anymore but that's you
know that's fine you're not invited over
anymore what
rich is looking into the internet
situation which is why the internet is
frozen but he's fixing it he's
attempting to fix it right now J you're
gonna get banned for using all caps work
on it so hopefully he's working at it
talk about the farm nah man talk about
the phone
thank you a few people who agree with me
what's my favorite dinosaur I think
you're crazy
there's my favorite dinosaur I think
he's fixing it like we can kind of if
you listen closely you can hear him move
J you go ahead and vlog about my crappy
attitude I have it I've been traveling
all day and drinking
well it's I'm not ready for your
shenanigans bombing Days of Future past
Shamu move rich okay so now did you redo
your internet settings or do you think
your computer will automatically
recognize you keeping that cable I don't
know look into the men look into it you
did it you can't go half you can't go
half ass someone link to Jay's vlog it's
great don't dodge your question jack
what doctor what question rusty what'd
he tell you about my favorite porno
actress the one that has the sex that's
my favorite porno actress
oh is it terrible
