Episode 176
Arkham AsylumPlants Vs necrodance (part what)
January 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrkYe4nVVok
___________________________________________

that's weird that we go offline no I
hear an echo of me now does that help no
that doesn't help at all did we go on
the one
oh no Jays using his hacking abilities
to kill a stream why would he do that I
know he said he's gonna use his hacking
abilities to fix this I know he's
probably mad that the Packers
embarrassed themselves in the first
fourth quarter of that game there's no
reason to take that out of me Packers
took a shit hmmmm I'm getting a loading
video oh and someone is already telling
if someone who's already saying that I'm
too loud so so I don't know if that
means we're on or if that's just someone
fucking with us you're down that might
be someone fucking with us I don't know
if anyone can hear us I don't know that
open broadcaster like Skype it didn't
have anything to do with that sorry
different when we restarted the stream
the last time so you know yeah well let
me know if they think you're too quiet
loud or what
and we even streaming can people see
things can you see things I can't see
things you can't see Thanks
I cannot see things but my I do it does
say loading video I think I'm gonna set
this thing the way it was set before
because I think this is a mistake what
we just did what this this change this
is this plugging it in and all the shit
we just made it confused and angry Oh
other people are saying they see things
in the Audion the audio is way too
normal and audio levels are acceptable
they're seeing they everyone else is
saying they see it and they hear us to
refresh on my page I'm gonna hit refresh
too and see what's happening oh no wait
there's the live loading video yeah
everything they're saying everything is
fine I don't even get a chat now
i reloaded the page from my god yes
awful everything's terrible is awful
still loading
yeah oj even J's saying he sees it
alright well we're going on then great
on do it
everything's fine everyone else is fine
that's fine by me great Jack you have
more bass in your mix that's just my
natural baritone motherfucker I don't
even know what a baritone Sylas Voland
motherfucking what's the liner it's like
gold this is better makes pussy winners
of pyrite is not right it might not be
real gold you see but it tastes better
with salt and pepper so pyrite is not
white by me it don't get the bitches you
see gold is better makes pussy winner
so pyrite is not right by me soldered
junk of motherfuckin gold motherfucker
no cussing in general I love it so much
I love kissing
I don't know it's too much new see too
much new key is being facetious or not
but he says I wish someone would explain
how these things in the game work what
do sunflowers even do have you played it
even I'm hiding oh yeah I play the game
this is a this is a simple tower defense
yes i G go ahead ready no you go ahead
because you probably explained better
than I explain things thanks mom good
now right now so you you have to set up
your bases and some things give you
resources and some things attack and so
obviously you've seen your P shooting
plants those attacked the zombies and
the sunflowers are resource generating
so they generate sunlight and you have
to use sunlight to spend on upgrades yes
and there's natural sunlight that you
can collect and of course these
sunflowers generates in sunlight gaming
streamers I Oh
Phoenix has a very important question
right yes are there spikes in this game
yes oh my god there are I didn't even
know that yes figure what the call of
the spiked wheat or something like that
oh we go I think that's great beautiful
slugs boy that was my absolutely
favorite part of the Western art music
oh we're gonna shoot each other in the
genitals for an hour you ever get shot
more times than the genitals losses it
was we were in like a nature preserve in
the middle of the boonies when we were
shooting that and laughing so hard it
was raining that was great
it was a great little riff oh my god
we've already answered that why don't
you guys have a page on our LM site
where they're short bios of our line
people because you why do you care about
that
that's a weird thing to care about we're
just you watch your stuff you know who
we are
yeah J I suppose and you know what J
keeps the website up to date J is there
a reason that we don't have BIOS is it
because that's awful because I kind of
think it's awful you want to know more
quickly click what do you mean there's
no a week week you can just talk to us
we talk we talk all the time on are you
evening what more do you need to know
what our favorite dessert is you're
right
that's the CJ had the correct answer
jack because of who cares that's exactly
it
Misner I'm looking at my tricks but
that's a great picture that's a great
picture that's because I was selling
lemonade that's uh no I'm explaining
that my his name explained I was so
mother made in the winter it was great
well what's my favorite dessert rich
what's your favorite dessert cheese
fries
that's not a dessert it is for me what's
your favorite dessert cheese fries
what's your favorite sweet you don't I
got a wicked sweet dude
they had a wicked sweet food for all the
wrong things like I and I love like
cheap desserts like devil stuffed Oreos
it's great
Oh hoes they my jam any hostess cake
isn't damn Oreos love Oreos that's my
go-to cookie what yeah what yeah fucking
crazy no I don't have a sweet tooth
sweet I recently discovered if you take
a double stuffed Oreo and you take off
one of the cookies so it's just cooking
filling and then take a chocolate Oreo
they have new chocolate Oreos and take
off a cookie you can get like a half
double stuff half double-stuffed
chocolate Oreo cookie that is pretty
much the bomb if you say so yes
yes that's exactly that thing you said
Jack when did you pick up the term of
wicked I don't know did I say that
rich do I say wicked I haven't really
noticed if you do okay if I say that I
don't know it's the same people say
wicked right no you don't think not for
probably not for ages thank you
something like an old man when you say I
am an old man I know that but this
doesn't mean just cuz you are one you
can still sound like one loose our patch
gives a great I love sour patch kids
sweetu that confirm for living in 2007
my wicked / wicked yes okay well that's
fine make it awesome
jack is a fan of musicals ah yeah kind
of
I like Disney musicals those are great
look great I like that apparently I'm
rich they're saying that you said
radical dunes at one point yeah but I
was probably being facetious maybe maybe
you you also say get on the trolley yes
can I tell you because I think it's
funny nothing is I think it's a modern
day swing over the weekend ionically
said that get off the truck get on the
trolley now you're on the trolley
okay it's working I forgot what we were
doing with someone like did something
correctly that life you know they
weren't before and I was like now you're
on the trolley and everyone looked at me
like I was incredible yes because like
you put it in my brain 100
I try I once tried to make the word
metal will happen not almost already a
thing no no but I like I would say like
that's so metal yeah like not like you
know I was trying to make metal a thing
and it didn't happen not to be confused
with That's So Raven That's So Raven
would that So Raven was a thing don't be
such a snob and get on the trolley I'm
on the trolley Ford get on the truck
don't worry I am now the conductor of
the trolley forget on the trolley how
you like it plants vs. zombies I mean
it's a fine guy you know any of these
tower defense games are nice they get it
they get old super fast what what I was
originally going to play but I don't
know and I didn't want to dick around
with getting the control setup right
Orcs Must Die and what in the control
it's one of those games that want you to
use a fucking controller and I don't and
I know in order to map the keys the way
I want them cousin let your map keys
don't use a keyboard but it's like a
preset keys you know so in order to play
that game the way I'm uncomfortable I
need to find alter some files and into
this file and change that and above and
beyond because that's just stupid
any any PC game should automatically
have fully configurable controls yeah I
think Chewbacca Sons was named crunchy
right
lumpy lumpy the old one I forget his
name was insufferable asshole won't be
baka
and God oh no and we looked it up the
other day like I'm the Star Wars
Wikipedia page where it's his name is
really like a lump a Watusi or something
yeah yeah man lumpy
French Star Wars yeah get out of here
lump OH lump of wok Ibaka lumpy I am
gonna give them doing at the end of us a
try someone someone gifted me dungeon of
the endless and it looks very fun so I'm
gonna give that a try
so somebody gifted me that - I think
somebody really likes that game and
that's great I'm looking forward to it
it looks like it looks like exactly my
kind of game Wikipedia isn't as an
abomination I believe that I own Oh
someone got a shock huh what did we do
talks about Star Wars oh we did I was
trying not to cuz I want to make it I
want to make it a challenge for him but
they did it oh that's why they someone
in the chat asked what Lumpy's name was
oh no it shouldn't count if the chat
engineers it no there should be no and
void I like that because that means that
they're they're trying to flee have a
question they're just trying to win a
game I like that that's the meta
completely disingenuous
that's the meta game it's awful because
like I'm ruining our stream I've been
seeing everyone like talk about FTL and
I've been purposefully not mentioning
FTL just because I know that's part of
the bingo but then someone's got got me
off guard with lumpy and so that I like
that that means there
playing the game and I like it I enjoy
they played you like a fiddle and you're
glad I ate me like a fiddle because
hopefully they're enjoying themselves
that's why I'm glad about it like a
fiddle Jack like Gucci shit on the
trolley Jack Jack's I feel game
twin-stick roguelike in the art funtime
you know those are fun I also like plant
I like a lot of good I like games in
general no twin sticks are fun Jack we
don't like any time Stefan you pay
attention to previously recorded no no I
never want that Jim it's bullshit we
hate everything that doesn't pixel art
it's true
like Batman Arkham Asylum I hate that
fucking game
right I have to pick things to use why
am I not doing that why am i derelict in
my duty
Jack what do you think about cereal the
breakfast food it's fine I know I want
to talk about it
Oh God I dislike breakfast cereal why
mostly because I don't eat it with milk
I don't pour milk in my cereal well why
don't you pour milk in your cereal I
don't know I've never liked doing it
wrong and you're completing yeah I've
never liked milk in my cereal and then I
don't like I don't know you're let's
catch-22 exactly no I cause then it's
like soup
it's like you're eating you're eating
cold breakfast soup and I don't like it
Oh jack I don't like cereal give me some
give me some toast
give me some scrambled eggs I'll take
that scrambled eggs and toast it's hard
it's hard to screw up cereal though when
you screw up toast it's pretty bad well
then you make more toast
drinking milk is like drinking mucus I
agree Jay I'm not a big fan of milk
anymore
I just don't like it I don't like cereal
I don't understand it I don't I don't
get it eating eggs is like eating
periods well if there were big periods
that you cook up with butter and salt
and pepper then yes eggs are the best
eggs are where it's at I eat three eggs
every day it's great I just don't
understand cereal man don't you
understand about cereal no to comprehend
it's like it's like it's pretty straight
forward do you like eating crunchy sugar
cubes
host in the fact of another animals
mammary glands lead cereal like I get it
that's awesome
fuck was that voice that was frightening
you don't like them okay that is kind of
nice weird guy voice you know that's a
little Lionel from pork pork in space
okay
yeah who's going who is that hey that's
my skype on screen yeah yeah little
Kermit the Frog with more pork pork
Lionel from foreign born I kind of this
is a voice that I have done for a while
and then I heard Lionel do it so I
stopped doing it but did the voice that
are like what sounds like the backwards
voice from Twin Peaks right all of that
I just seen it Air Force one he shelled
clear neck I'll wash it
Lou and that's me just reading the chat
backwards finally I approve of that boys
yeah I think it's a good way see my way
George Lucas is kind of just leftover
beefcake if you made a fuck pot 5000
animated series I would absolutely do
the voices for it do it do it and I'll
do it make it happen I love it
do the backwards voice in your Michael
Caine impression now oh my god I need to
type out what do we do when we fall and
I'll say that backwards as Mike okay
laughs you know heed you do y ou know
you in here maybe like things are not
good things are not happening good it's
true mean mr. mustard
Dankers a little drunk and tired what do
you what do you want me to do I'm good
that's pretty good you're you're a
monkey no what what like a simple one
can you - news
have you ever shotgun to fear no I like
drinking beer
shotgunning shotgunning and like
funneling beer is something that you do
when all they're concerned about is
getting drunk what is shotgunning just
chugging it shotgunning is when you make
a hole in the bottom of the can okay and
put your lips on that hole and then you
open the top creating like an air vacuum
so you can drink the entire can in a
very short amount of time okay and it's
just a thing that people do in order to
drink more faster which is crazy because
it's like you could just have vodka
don't do the same thing you could drink
it at normal you know there there are
certain things people do in order to get
more drunk or drunk faster that I've
never really done because I just you
know I like hanging out drinking
I don't dry I don't drink to get drunk I
drink and get drunk but I don't drink to
get drunk yeah does that make any sense
sure yeah you're right previously
retorted Jack obviously does not party I
don't don't never did
oh this isn't the one I didn't mean that
to demean your your plants vs. zombies
skill gobbledygook says right butt
chugging is the fastest way to get drunk
so you guys should learn how to butt
chug you people and your words that's
that's where you put a funnel into your
anus and pour beer directly into that's
exactly what that sounds like
yes that's what butt chugging is it's a
thing that people actually do rich can
you believe that I I have to believe
you're lying
no no it's a clean people actually help
this poor beer directly into their
deaths that's it that's unpossible it's
not it's it's a thing people do
impossible by chugging Israel
people have died from that shifter thing
or somebody do this because people enjoy
getting drunk and people often but your
pup doesn't get you drunk yeah it gets
you drunk faster really yes because it
it immediately absorbs all the alcohol
all right humanity's humanity isn't lost
cause it's time to abandon the planet
yeah yep all right just goodbye wouldn't
it be great like I suddenly all the
major like scientists in the world meet
for their yearly super scientist
convention like well government
scientists of all fields and studies
welcome here and I'll send someone from
the back like runs up going guys guys
have you heard of butt chugging
and all the scientists watching some
fuck chugging videos and they're like
okay time to go where's that spaceship
guys this is done
Jack tell rich it bypasses your liver
first time through the crocodile airline
brain oh great so so then actually your
your body doesn't filter out most of the
poisons before it reaches your brain
that's great
Oh Jay is saying we shouldn't abandon
humanity because of butt chugging well
do you what do you think I should do
what are our options what's worse than
what chugging that's the question
there's no choice what's worse than
sticking beer up your butt to get drunk
faster that's nice this is the thing I
still don't believe this
you don't think it's me I can't my brain
can't make that leap don't google it
because my guess is you're good you're
gonna get on a list if you google but
joking the government puts you on a list
our options are to not but yeah well
sure we're not butt chuggin but worse
I'm saying what's worse than that as far
as like rational choices that otherwise
decent people would do
obviously there are worse atrocities in
the world other than but chucking butt
butt chugging is a thing then you know
you probably doesn't hurt anyone else
I've pwned
that level oh you know what Richard J
has a really good point what's this
point let the idiots but chug and kill
themselves it's a good thing for
Humanity in the long run okay yeah you
know what Jay you got you got yourself a
real point there I'm gonna be with you
and then I'm so sad my Batman no death
run anymore I'm saying for you yeah cuz
you know what that Batman is that's a
fun game that is it really is I haven't
been able to pull a no death run off of
that game yet you have not no no I've
gotten further than that that was kind
of a letdown now
I'm sorry you don't sound that sorry no
I'm some you some like you could be a
little bit more sorry if maybe you
wanted to but you just not if if I
wasn't that's what it sounds like to me
if I wanted to fake it I could be a
little more sorry like I could pretend
like I'm more sorry that would be nice
okay okay alright ready yeah
you know rich I know you worked really
hard I did so you know like and I've
done that on games - I've worked really
hard and didn't achieve it so yeah no I
really think I think you know next time
you can poke through them really sorry
you didn't make this one though oh baby
Jack you're a good friend you're a good
friend for saying that I appreciate that
I knew you I knew you would keep a
straight face and everything I am gonna
continue my Arkham City run I don't know
if I'm gonna do a nice dream I'm just
gonna keep playing so much right I won't
do it on the stream button Oh give me
some Sun for god sake this is
intolerable
I hate the night levels crocodile brain
it says Jack rich have you gotten my
donation game yeah that's right there's
a third Zack and wiki thing that I just
saw today on the table oh wait oh the a
board game no I haven't seen it on a
table what are you going wrong no
there's a video game of Wii games a
canned wiki or something like that oh my
god sounds great or terrible first time
I saw it was today
No okay I'm just getting set up for this
one okay then the answers may be
Zach and itchy there's a sack and wiki
make a porno game I don't think so
probably not I think that's why probably
Oh mr. OTT you twelve that's a great
name for the stream when we do play
Leisure Suit Larry I'm gonna call it
Larry see Larry I think that's really
funny you do
Larry suit larry yeah I'm also I've been
drinking rich obviously Larry suit larry
is funny you don't think oh I like Larry
- Larry hey Larry - Larry I think
someone can pull it off I don't now
right now lots of things are funny to me
now like but their farts birds are
always funny
Larry suit larry is very Jack asked I
think it's funny how do I know if I
drink too much if you think that Larry
suit larry is funny then you know it's
time to call the college I was drinking
they recently area
I just I'm just that is just the worst
nice for me
I think it's funny lawyer suit larry and
you know that is oh that's what that was
J suggestion he said lawyer suit Larry
and I like Larry zoo Larry
well your suit Larry doesn't even fit
yes right a joke right Larry suit larry
jerry suit bear how about leisure suit
packers flopped in the fourth quarter
oh my name and lost the seahawks there's
no reason to be mean about it it's every
reason to be mean about it you know what
shit I took all fucking year hmm
I used to be nice about these things
like you know respect the fans here
that's fine it's there I'm sure I think
I've been treated like garbage so much
about it yeah yeah I you know you're
your brother and his bear suck Facebook
posts everything yeah no more mr. nice
guy
fuck the Packers I fuck them to death
I'm glad they lost
I hope Aaron Rodgers dies that's listen
I you you this is where you are this is
the state you're in now and there's
nothing that can be done about that and
I'm sorry I'm very sorry but I mean like
also you know my mind my brother is a
big sports fan yeah
I'm sorry that his Facebook post upset
you I can't believe what I'm hearing
what are you hearing about the Bears and
the backers deca
I do Jack has a brother I do you've seen
him I've made videos with them why are
these things shocking to everybody then
we have family is such an amazing
concept was just a lot of people just
have brothers that's the thing that's
normal the fact they the only thing I
cared about the factors is someone sent
me an article that the Packers play
Settlers of Catan during downtime and so
I thought oh that's great but then like
if you think about that it's just like
oh other people enjoy a good game of
course that's just the thing I think
everyone was born out of a tomb right
is that a thing that happened some of
the sang rich Jack J were you bummed
when all those Wisconsin stations were
super cool and clever and banned grunge
music before the big game
really I didn't know that was a thing
and that's down I didn't know that was a
thing and if that was the thing that
would be dumb I'm gonna saying incoming
shock why what's going on I don't know
bashing I'm not even to say it oh sure
no answering that question oh my god you
guys are getting weird with your
questions they want us to say certain
things not because they care we have to
say but just so they can make their
bingo right we can make their bingo go
Shaq mo that's what we've been reduced
to by the way shahe lingo machines I
would go see the band
bingo go Shaq ma if there was if there
was a band coming to town with the name
bingo go Shaq ma I would have 100% goes
through that band having never heard
them before
100% if they're if their name was bingo
go chochmah you have to go see that man
I don't know if you have to do anything
yeah I think no no I guess English ACMA
Mario Mario biscuit is doing great he
was a little upset that we were gone all
weekend but it's good whatever
this gets problem yeah hey
Cinna show don't you see that cynic sign
it you build up whatever it was signing
do show 9 and thank you for subscribing
it's not a sentence innings that one
that was a cynic douche gang is that the
unruly son again it could be Sonic dude
oh nine we appreciated
Cinna douche right it's sanic Duque what
asking me like I'm gonna no no everyone
is giving me their pronounced
presentations then next to K sénèque
Duque sinmec Duque thank you for
subscribing
the next de que je stop it
what's J doing he's trying to help my
pronunciation and it's not helping so
Nick don t i also i 100% apologize
nothing of your name I mean sometimes
reading I'm reading for to show up I
don't see it what
spelled like a C or I'm looking in the
chat to see if they say something I'll
try and sample
yeah that's it's fair it's all there
this is my favorite preacher Ark
salvation Texas because of the meat sex
doll
my favorite Ark is salvation I don't
know that I would say that is the reason
why but salvation is pretty good proud
American I believe that's the name of
the the third art where you first made
the Grail that's pretty good
the one where you meet grandma that's
pretty good basically preacher is a
fantastic series and everybody should
read preacher I'm okay with this you
have to be you don't have a choice I
believe you if I ever get my first
volume back from Jesse I will loan a
preacher I know know what she's saying
I'm gonna read it and then she never
ever does know the next time I see Jesse
I'm just gonna tell her that I need it
for something
okay I'm not gonna say like I'm gonna
read that just oh you know what I need
that book I need to like scan the thing
for like a business thing I can you can
I just have it for a couple days and I
can write back so you can read it and
then I'll just read it
what what are you still playing plants
versus zombies
yeah that's great what does some
necrodancer I mean would you rather I
played necrodancer I don't care oh no no
that wasn't a that wasn't a judgement I
just literally haven't been looking at
this stream I've only been looking at
the chat okay okay and I just glanced
over and you were still playing
vice-versa not me so it was just one of
those like oh okay it's a fine game fine
zombie yes sure sure fine game thank you
I do any more booze if we're gonna go
out for a little bit more I'm gonna get
another beer yeah I've been streaming
for a long time now but most of that I
wasn't talking so sure how much telling
you won't go no you leave whatever you
love you're not a hostage no when can I
leave oh please what can I leave I don't
know no one can leave you how long are
you thinking about are we going till
11:00 at least we didn't start actually
you know streaming it's only 1 9 no we
started a stream that like
look Jack did I lose you
ninja no Jones thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
I think Jack took me seriously and he
left alright that's fine
I I'm here I I went to go get a beer and
then I got a little lost in my kitchen
because I thought I was hungry
really and so I was like well not lost
to me cuz you know it was just like oh
maybe I could get something to eat and I
was like I'm not really hungry I don't
need anything it was two photos just one
of those things I got another beer
no this was so you know what else I
played over the weekend besides betrayal
at house on the hill yeah we played
another Catan just expansion I want to
play that next time I'm coming I'm
coming over we're playing that oh yes
see fairies Expedia yeah oh it's so much
fun cuz I like I like Catan I like it so
much I was actually looking around
online for like an online version there
is I think there is an online version
where there's a mobile version there's
one for your phone but man it's and yeah
this whole like island exploration one
is so fun well so yes next time next
thing we have a game right here we will
play Catana with played betrayal at
house on the hill it'll be great fun
times for everyone wait Jack I have a
problem what's my problem
am I gonna die
Oh rich what that that was a call back
never never gets all never gets old
no but you just keep doing it until it's
till it's fresh again okay okay let get
on the trolley
like Jackie Angie oh yes if people keep
seeing my engineer pixel man from tf2 oh
sorry about that it's fine I don't care
seeing shit jackets that's my personal
shit no that was the first picture I
came across with my personal shit dogs
boobs your ass everyone knows I'm an ass
man here user to 77221 we've had the
Nicki Minaj discussion before for you
Lobo yeah boobs give you too big though
definitely you can get too big if you
had to choose just one oh this is the
quick this is the good oh really oh yeah
we're gonna spend most of your time
looking at now me that's just me people
like different things they're just
trying to break in the showbiz in Asia
we're making plants vs. zombie Ishtar
jokes now that's what the stream is
hello the chat has stooped well it's
either that or talking about other
things that I don't want to talk about
people are asking questions that I don't
want to answer so that's I just said
something sometimes I read the chat and
and it baffles me why but the things you
guys are saying we know the kind of
things they say yeah terrible but it's
not baffling to here yeah losing q77 two
to one we've got it you know what's
going on Nicki Minaj is a glorified
stripper and thing yes
Felicia is cuz then we get to see her to
take our clothes off that's great I
think that's fantastic
apparently though like some people also
listen to her music which is also
babbling oh my god that's a good
question what is evil that one evil bit
to war army of darkness evil that to the
the answer is obviously evil to question
it's a good question because it gets us
talking about the evil lives here okay
the answer is obviously evil but that's
really just weak spot but like once you
find evil that to because usually that's
the first thing that people will see
right yeah and you get you get to go
back and evil that one is so
special if you're a fan of evil did to
evil that one is like oh my god it's
it's because I've heard it's as serious
as straight core movie and I have I have
no interest in that oh you have oh well
no no no but it's like from up from a
filmmaking perspective it's proto Sam
Raimi like you see all of his little
flares but they're not quite there yet
it's awesome I will have to take your
word it's it's really it's really great
like you know you watch you watch a
movie like that or like equally if you
watch El Mariachi which is the movie
that Robert Rodriguez made for desperado
it's like it's these little things that
that had their directorial styles before
they had a style and it's it's super
fascinating so it's like evil that one
is something that you watch after you
discover how wonderful Evil Dead 2 is an
army of Darkness is fun but you know
dark knee a darkness has its moments but
then it also doesn't
it's like thx 1138 before you watch T
thx 1138 I think that's a good movie
ever see mannerism oh you should try
watching it once many years ago and I
just couldn't like this
maybe I was too young because it was
quite a while ago
oh yeah sure sure you should you should
see it it's pretty good it's pretty good
mr. coach is saying okay Jack Planet
Terror or death fruit
the answer is death through I saw I saw
them in the theater as the double
feature death Proof is the the
theatrical cut of death birth I thought
was superior and then I thought it was
so superior that I bought it on DVD
which was apparently like the extended
cutter the directorial cut which I found
severely subpar if I could find the
theatrical cut on the DVD I would get
that again I really like that I haven't
seen the death Proof proof for planet
term
I remember when their leaders know I
haven't seen it
oh ho yeah they're fun really fun I
haven't seen a large number of this
movies myself so considering I don't see
many movies yeah yeah as long as you're
not talking about him it's okay if I
worried I'd be great right that's all
right but ya know the theatrical cut of
Death Proof I thought was really great
it's it's the it's that same kind of
like did you ever see what was about
four rooms heard of it haven't seen it
oh you haven't seen it
Deathproof is very similar to to
Tarantino's segment in four rooms where
the entire thing is a little aggravating
until the end which makes the entire
thing worth it
like the last 20 minutes half hour of
death proof is one long car chase
sequence that is so wonderful and
brilliant that it makes the entirety of
the rest of the movie which was mostly
just people talking completely worth it
so was it responds I haven't seen
because you haven't seen it you're right
four rooms is one half of an
entertaining movie red-letter jay says
and I should just call you Jay but I am
so used to reading people's full names
I'm gonna go ahead and agree with you
Jay
what oh there's a strawpoll how do you
do these drop off things I wanna do one
I'm sure there's what you want to do
they're doing a what game should rich
place drop all I'm playing a game they
want they want something else is that
what's going on oh it's tied right now
all right so it's kind of tighter are
they demanding new game no no they're
not well then what's the deal this poll
obviously somebody's demanding something
there wasn't a point
one person is demanding in a game not
everyone one person you should have got
her earlier there was like four or five
hours worth of Arkham Asylum
am i right
I don't think any of us have used on
electronic cigarettes
aka vaping rich do you have any views on
electronic cigarettes aka vaping you
probably shouldn't do it the first place
is that scrolled up oh here it is
please stop playing this right thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it is there a
lot of plants vs. zombies hate out there
okay so much so that someone just paid
five dollars to have you stop playing
plants vs. zombie Wow
I mean I'm here's the thing rich 100
percent your call I'm gonna get blowing
for now I play where I want to play but
rich this doesn't taste like apples and
and then you're supposed to say we eat
what we like what you say we eat what we
like why because that's the commercial
dog do you remember the Apple Jacks
commercial
and then the the Applejack parents are
like but it doesn't taste like apples
and the kids are like shit we what we
like doesn't matter if it tastes like
apples fucking cunt don't you remember
we eat what we like rich
okay so moving on with this game all
right we're done what I say I'm done J
you don't know what I'm talking about
either rich have you not seen this is
this is a famous commercial where the
kids were like we what we like and the
same time I don't remember that one this
was having no it's it's a beautiful it's
it's a beautiful marketing premise which
is like kids inherently think their
parents are dumb right yeah and so the
parents are like
Applejack's doesn't taste like apples
and the kids are like man we what we
like okay okay and so it was I don't
think anybody is ever seriously
complained about Apple Jacks not tasting
like apples though no no this is not a
thing that has ever happened by the way
of course not which make it's like it's
pure marketing yes and then like kids
will be like oh that's right I eat what
I like the room is now and subscriber
only mode
hi I'm drunk tired Jack we love it well
good because this is what you get today
I wouldn't say I have a drinking problem
I drink like once maybe twice a week
problem when you don't drink my drinking
problems that keep spilling it on my
shirt not in my mouth
I just don't like cereal that's right J
you do me what you like which is not
Applejack excitonic Jack would you ever
attend to something like D Fest I went
to be fest last year and had a super
fantastic great time
beef s sounds absolutely miserable B
Fest is great for everyone who doesn't
know B Fest is a 24-hour bad movie
festival at Northwestern University in
Evanston Illinois you don't hear that it
actually is 24 solid straight marathon
hours 24 hours 24 your self and others
and I went last year and it was
fantastic it's insanity
I won't I don't think I'll be making it
this year just because some things are
coming up which is a shame because I
really enjoyed myself last year but I
really fucking wrecked my shit and
anyone who can make it to be fest
make it it's so fantastic I know it's I
mean it's intense and it's hard it's
hard to do because like it's just in
this like College movie theater and you
have to sleep on the floor and in your
movie theater seat it's intense and it's
and mostly it's mostly smelly but it's
so fantastic I had a really great time
and if I can't make it this year I'll be
upset but I don't think I will be able
to unfortunately
but you know we saw some great movies
last year it's coming down the B Fest is
the next weekend B Fest is next weekend
in Evanston all right let's hope our
Arby's keep writing my shit oh I'm so
sorry
well get it together
to play until I might do a little bit of
crypt of the necrodancer and then you of
course are free to leave at any point
right you might have things to do and I
got a long drive retired today I'm gonna
stay for the rest of my beer and then
I'm gonna leave one more actually maybe
this will just be the last round last my
family
mmm I'm gonna leave after this beer only
because after this beer I will be
incomprehensible okay and I know I'm
getting out like right now I think
hopefully I'm at that like amusing point
where I'm just kind of rambling and
people are enjoying it but a bit but
eventually I get to a point where where
it's it's just bedtime like I don't I
don't get crazy I just get tired when I
drink so look at all those tombstones
that's the same what are the tombstones
do zombies come out of there
occasionally at the big end of the wave
but you've heard this even I mean you've
lied to me jack
why did everyone that everyone has
played this I can't like I don't
remember everything about the game oh no
Jay listen I'll stay until until rich
has it has to mute me and have a talk
with me how about that right I think
that you showed up I think for the
betterment of the stream right yeah I'll
probably be snoring tonight
I usually snow or more when I drink too
drunk to read I am maybe it is getting
harder and harder to read it Chad I'm
trying
Zach have you see drunk history I have
see drunk history and it's great drink
history is fantastic Derek waters
yeah drunk history is great anyone who
has not seen drunk history should look
it up it's really great it's comedians
retelling famous stories while 100%
hammered and then they have professional
actors and directors film the script
based off of what the drunk comedians
said it's really great Jack do you
prefer IPAs or lagers you know like a
couple like a year or so ago I would
have said lager but I've been really
getting into the IPAs mostly because
they are a higher alcohol content and so
I can have less of them because I'm
getting more calorie conscious and so I
can have one IPA and that's like having
two lagers drunk jack is better than the
deafening silence gaming stream for you
guys this is what I get
that's what I get that's all right
that's all right
let's see here oh my god, chat.
what terrible things are they doing now
I do it's just it's not going by too fast
but every time the chat scrolls it's like 
my brain resets so I have to read it all again
so I'm just trying to read
something alright alright the beating
you know the beer okay it's because I
I'm drinking ballast only to sculpt in
India Pale Ale and it's a San Diego
brewery but I can't get this in my local
liquor stores oh shit
could you stop fucking up so much rich
apparently not wait I'm a pansy Jay I'm
gonna fight me for real and I'm gonna
lose also a mystery dumpster
I read that I'm not gonna sing you a
song I think I know better than singing
a song
you might be shocked and so my my parody
version is I don't eat much but I eat I
live Jules and that makes me really yeah
that makes perfect sense that's on whose
name I don't know
uh huh what what what I don't know
someone is telling me to go home because
I'm drunk but I'm already home so that's
why I am you are not a captive Jack what
no I'm here I haven't finished my beer
yet so I'm just hanging out okay a
little bit of necrodancer and then I'm
done
okay I think that's good I think I've
done well today ing and for everyone's
saying I just I enjoy poop humor I know
you do
yeah I know the act of pooping is funny
it's comical and I think it's comical
because like that's the one great
equalizer right like any any one of
celebrity stature and any one of a royal
political stature right everyone no
matter how important they are once a day
sits on a bucket and poops in it okay um
you know the chat right now I'm gonna
change the topic because um they're
talking about disco zombie I think he
was in the next stage that I didn't play
does anybody but me remember when disco
zombie used to be thriller zombie they
got threatened to the lawsuit but that
used to be a Michael Jackson zombie
would actually moonwalk into the lovely
before he spawned zombie dancers I'm
assuming you don't remember that Jack
what that this goes up the disco zombie
and plants vs. zombies used to be a
Michael Jackson Thriller zombie it's no
longer a Michael Jackson Thriller sound
no it's a disco zombie
oh I remember Michael Jackson okay
so I guess I haven't played it recently
enough to notice the change are you
playing yeah I don't feel Oh should I
gotta make that adjustment maybe that's
that's all I mean I need to have leave
this room to him that was dumb that was
just that was just plain old no excuse
for it dumb I mean that's what I'm here
for rich I'm here to I'm here to check
it out oh no I appreciate that by the
way still 100% professional no props to
you props I've updated the stream I've
made sure that you're streaming the
correct thing
but I wasted a bomb on what ended up
being a a glass something this glass
items are the fucking worst
they're the worst there are they're 100
percent the worst but I I think if you
get good enough at the game they can be
incredibly powerful uh yeah I would
still never gamble on that though well
you're just not there yet that's the
thing cuz what what damage do the glass
items do something like four to five
that's amazing but how much you need
really
three is great because you can you can
bust open crates you can do that one
like a titanium object and like the
boots of ass-kicking or one of those
objects
wasn't
why are you shocked by what's going on I
don't did they add stuff I think we've
asked them and I will doubly ask you me
do not show us have bingo card and I
will no longer read the bingo cards keep
us on the dark well they're individual
cards are randomly generated
okay just make sure it light and and I
guess this is more for rich and I we
need to make sure that we don't see the
bingo cards because it will curtail all
the things we talked about
I'm just reading the Tenten the Jew is
talking about how great repo man and the
fly are so I have nothing bad to that
cuz they're great Hey and crocodile
brain good night thanks for coming by
what did I ever do for the environment
I recycle and shit and that's great I
helped to ruin it
did you sure what did you do
trash not recycle I don't know all the
bad stuff you don't recycle no you why
do you because I'm a monster
you have to recycle man
fucking bomb in the stage really upset
there's a bunch of good shit in those
barrels right a bunch of good shit
oh me too no no you got a recycle make
shit from other shit that you don't use
anymore reduce reuse recycle dude for
the environment and do it for you
shit who uses reusable diapers yeah a
lot of people do that that's a that's a
growing fat as cloth diapers reusable
diapers I think that's fine
what is that the bow and arrow yeah oh
yes rich and I will play portal to co-op
have you played portal 2 unit rich yeah
yeah me too I didn't think it was as
good as 401 good humor sure portal is a
game that work better short sure but
that isn't my problem there's like
portal 2 is not perfect sepsis is Jack
what has gotten ahold of you the answer
is ballast point Brewing Company's
sculpin India Pale Ale in a real way I
am losing consciousness
what's what's my favorite zoo animal
anything that I normally could not see
in this country do I have to have one
yeah you're paranoid about sewers and I
don't care about your cycling up fuck at
all here's the thing you're at the zoo
and you are now forced to pick your
favorite animal this lame-ass lame-ass
I'm going with elephants and
rhinoceroses okay because there's some
weird shit that I don't see around here
like even like polar bears are just
they're just white bears you know we see
bears I don't care about that but I'm
not gonna see an elephant around here
they all smell yeah and a hippopotamus
they're all filthy animals I love seeing
the hippopotamus is they're awesome I
love seeing that we ship elephants it's
all about the elephants sure they're big
but they're weird there's the giraffe of
us they're great I'm great I love seeing
that weird stuff that we don't see on
this continent
Jack what's the alcohol content on that
IPA well I started the night with a
Fulton Imperial Ale which is a nine
percent and now I've had two sculpins
which are seven percent and I had some
this morning too but I forget what I
have and that was a story
rich isn't impressed with God's
creations rich rich why why are you not
impressed with God's creations whose
creations rich why are you not impressed
with the creations of evolution why
should I be because they are the things
that survived shit whatever I like
animals they're fun they smell they sure
but they're weird to look at go to a zoo
you got to take a shower when you're
done yeah that's fine that's an okay
thing just manure all over your clothes
the smell is awful
mm-hmm it's fine it's fine maybe maybe
I'm biased
during the couple years I was in
construction mmm I did some work at the
Brookfield Zoo and they had me
installing a drain in the the room they
use you know when when they have a dead
animal and they want to use the skeleton
for stuff oh they put it in the room
with the flesh-eating beetles yeah I do
install like a drain in that room Oh
oh that smell is like nothing you've
ever smelled in your life yes it's it's
literally it smells like death
if you've ever wondered what that smell
is it smells like the Beatle room cuz
they just doing a little house in a
little dingy closet just where they put
a dead carcass yeah and the Beatle strip
it to the bone and lose the bones they
can put it on display or whatever ah see
and here J is saying he says real talk
I saw his peacock in the middle come on
in the middle of a Milwaukee Street
while walking to work one morning it it
had apparently escaped from the
Milwaukee zoo and I think that's awesome
that's fine story any of those like
post-apocalyptic movies were like all of
humanity is dead so all the zoo animals
are just running around the streets I
think that's awesome I love it zoo
animals are great
what Matt I'm just reading the chat chat
waiting for a good thing to talk about I
mean that's yeah that's mistake number
one ballerina slippers or any form of
armor what a ballerina slippers do again
you can skip a beat any form of armor
that the multiplier I mean you know gold
is great well if you got an incision
weapon it's pretty good too
is that more damage with them higher
multiplier do you have an obsidian
weapon right now oh yeah then does
maggot the armor I come back for those
shoes shoes hey like what if we got you
on in some new balance kick fucking
thing what do you do I got hit by a
the spiciest thing I've ever eaten I
don't know
I enjoy spicy in general I like the
jalapenos and the papyrus rich what are
your thoughts on spicy food in general
hey hey let's hurt burnin hate those
awesome spicy food you know you know
what
toreador Tsin i have not played team
fortress 2 in a long time I have not
even played any of the new like updates
or anything it's been quite a long time
since I played team fortress 2 and I
think I'm okay with that it might be
time really I mean that's news is that
it is yeah you were a big proponent of
the team fortress I I still love Team
Fortress 2 but I've hit that point where
there's just nothing more for me like
it's all it's all kinda line today they
have finally hit that phone true team
fortress 2 we're finally valve has added
so much to the game where you can't play
the game anymore yeah you know it's all
conga lines it's all it's a conga line
it's it's a new taunt that they added
which is very funny but that's all
people do anymore instead of playing the
damn game and it's all times it's all a
hat requests I'm I have not played tf2
for a while and I haven't been
missing it so which is a shame because
tf2 is I mean by far the game that I
have the most number of hours in and I
just I haven't felt like buying position
got hit because you were talking about
Team Fortress 2 blame it on that because
I can yeah
gobble ooh gooks I'm not mentioning that
because I know it's a bingo item so
there so there
no no Team Fortress 2 did not die a
little bit after it became free Team
Fortress 2 got a boost after it became
free after Team Fortress 2 became
free-to-play it gained a user base of
hundreds of thousands that's what gave
that game its life support without the
free-to-play update we would have been
where we are now years ago the
free-to-play update gave it new life but
now we're hitting that point of
stagnation where they have nothing new
to add to the game and we're not getting
that new player influx that we've got
like we got during the free-to-play
update and so and valve doesn't really
care that much anymore because they're
working on other things and so we just
have to wait for the next game and let
Team Fortress 2 do what it do I still
love it and I will still speak highly of
Team Fortress 2 but after so many hours
it's just I I'm just not playing at it I
recommend it always forever to anyone as
a wonderful first-person shooter yes the
the free-to-play update brought too many
casuals but that's what a game means a
game needs that fresh Aguada
we need those casuals to become real
players because that's how you keep a
game alive if it's the same people
playing the same game you stop playing
the actual game and start playing these
weird meta conga line hat games which is
where we are now if you get the fresh
blood that they keep the purity of the
game intact they keep the actual game of
the game in town
we have only veterans playing the game
that's when you get into the weird medic
game which can work sometimes but but in
tf2 it's just been too long I'm a medic
like medic and I like engineer also
later and that and I main dragon I'm in
dragon and give to mostly dragon from
what you're saying it seems like the
community is really up to an appellate
yeah exactly
well no valve it's just not making
anything new and so the community has
run its course and now we're into meta
game territory which means we're not
playing the originally intended game so
yes it is the community and we've tapped
out our free-to-play resources so we're
not getting any new people to play to
keep the game fresh for the veterans
weird metagame like jacquimo bingo
you're absolutely right in other words
Shakman bingo spells the doom for prereq
well there's meta games in there's meta
games you know there's two different
things there's there's the meta game
like for example in any online
first-person shooter and any multiplayer
first-person shooter there will be a
kill death ratio meta game where you
don't necessarily like the objective is
fine
but you're also looking out for your
kill death ratio that's like your
personal meta game your game on top of
the game that you're already playing so
that's a fine meta game the but when
your meta game turns into let's see how
long we can not play the game and a
conga line that's when we have a problem
I feel like talking about tf2 Sobers me
up a bit and you by the way NCC is 1701
you're absolutely right mentioning the
bingo game should be a new bingo square
I like that
I desperately need health and I did not
get it apparently that shrine also oh
shoot
okay I think I'm done you're done I'm
done
it's a mental longest strip very longest
street and I'm done okay ah so anything
we want to say before we take off her or
what's going on
no I like it no I can't believe you
started so early yeah we're gonna have
to oh do we have any more word on our
early stream before for a Super Bowl
Sunday
nobody has asked me over to a Super Bowl
party I'm assuming around okay so almost
official question us how early what do
we want to start that's that's a
question our European fans what you get
a hold of us what what is the our
difference in Europe like what in in
noon here what time is it in England and
whatnot right that's the question I
think we need to start at like 10:00
a.m. ours our time that sounds too early
well too early for you yes
too early for anybody no no that's not
true at all everybody by the way if
we're gonna play old Madden games I
wouldn't be ting here at the studio for
that yeah yeah you know I can only
assume we're doing it six hours
what's the six hours how long I've been
streaming is they're saying it's a six
hour England is Oh hours earlier than us
earlier all right so if we start at
10:00 we may not work then that would be
insane for them wait is six hours
earlier that can't be right
you guys are we stop saying things that
can't be right
that's like in the middle of the ocean
six hours earlier it is tomorrow in
Australia already that does us no good
yes I'm gonna Google time we're gonna
look at time zones it has been requested
that we do an earlier stream 10:00 a.m.
would be 4 p.m. to them so I think
that's too early that's too early so if
we did a so noon would be 6 p.m. to them
so I did one even like primetime uh-huh
one one be like primetime one is 7 p.m.
for them though I'll do new whatever you
want to you want to new and I'll do new
well do well do new well do will do one
we'll start we'll do a 7 p.m.
England time stream coz the Attic 6
o'clock people might still be like
eating a late dinner or so okay all
right one what it is so just start at
one and we'll just go as long as we feel
we can okay
okay we'll have to find some games to
play
am i seeing you tomorrow well we'll talk
about that later oh yeah yeah okay so so
yeah our Super Bowl Sunday European
friendly stream possibly starting at one
o'clock Central
