Episode 021
Dr. Mario (Rich and Karen)
January 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4KczSwMZjQ
___________________________________________

it's Wednesday a little bit we started a
little bit
we're on Mike could not make it this is
true but Mike was not the special guest
I alluded to here in the studio today I
have my fianc wah in the flesh
yes so this is Karen hi she says hello
hi everybody
Oh yep see if they yeah riches lady is
here Carrie yes Karen is real and she's
she's here to bring the mad doctor Mario
skills because I have none you you can
ask her all of the embarrassing stories
we don't have I am I am at her mercy
right now this is your shot okay they
said rich is a lady zuriff
your alter ego we were preparing dr.
Mario cuz I got a text at like 5:30 this
morning I was just waking up and I'm
sure rich was just falling asleep we
need to play dr. Mario tonight because
Mike's coming and I was like great and I
get here and I had all these NES games
no Mike but I mean we'll play it again
yeah 45 minutes for what's going on
no I can't make it so Oh Mike anything
like stock tomorrow there's such Tetris
pipe dream and various other
semi-clothed Yoshi's cookie all right so
go ahead start start you're in dog
role-playing playing dr. mark I think
the press the plus button we're playing
this on my wii you how do you started
this started at level 1 do it I know
this is like Mozart he walks out on
stage and he starts making fart noises
not so hot rich let her warm up I'm sure
it's been a long time since she's played
tomorrow
oh here's a good question Karen what is
your opinion on internet celebrity okay
I've turned all of us up a little bit
now I've turned this up even more so we
should be significantly louder than then
the game if not let us know what are we
playing we're playing doctor fucking
Mario come on if only the title of the
game was on screen right now oh is that
true that might be true but you got to
eliminate the viruses the viruses for
all colors is a blue virus something
right you got to make the virus part of
the line of form or yes
oh and before before we started dick
neutral that research crack right yeah
we saw the dick neutral subscribe
apparently yes
cinnamon just subscribed I cinnamon
thank you both
dick neutral and cinnamon first dick
neutral subscribed before the stream
started and so I was I was one thing a
minnow cinnamon but dick neutral thank
you for subscribing we very much and
cinnamon thank you for subscribing
oh my lord apparently smorgasbord
- thank you for subscribing
Thank You Elvis for pointing out I'm
it's a little strange our set up today
so I'm seeing the chat on my phone and
my fave for some reason it's not telling
me when we get a new subscriber no we
won't be hearing it either because well
no we won't be hearing it either so if
someone subscribes someone let us know
smorgasbord I said it and I did update
the stream updated Doctor Who Mario that
too thank you for subscribing thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
that's really funny is the funniest
thing rich has ever done in front
oh my god rich they're saying that take
trig let e play just uploaded an apology
video no he's trying to stretch it it's
not like our feelings were horribly
right oh here we go it's all good trick
what do you play right it's all good
right thank you for the URL Bentley no
is that a subscriber
did she the super just subscribe she the
super if you subscribed thank you
we very much appreciate it if you didn't
just subscribe please just regard this
thanks as you don't deserve it
oh those out there who did not subscribe
we aren't even hearing our voice to all
those who London take to all of those
who aren't even listening to us right
now thank you for not subscribing she
doesn't oh that was a ruse
oh she the super you got you you rascal
no I
I have not faced oh no yeah I faced mega
satan in binding of issac I got that far
before my save was lost thanks for
bringing that up
Durr killed the camp doctor killed again
doctor doctor killed the gun makes more
sense that makes way more said I already
comment on the next generation reunion
it was to Shatner heavy I mean I guess
he wanted to make sure there weren't any
awkward silences but you know we came
there for the next-gen reunion not the
William Shatner blowhard thing yeah it
was to shatter heavy and too short but
it was nice to see them all Patrick
Stewart oh my god press the one button
you Murray was having all the side
effects that they have on the
pharmaceutical commercials I can't
believe you started
warm operation sometimes you gotta warm
up okay who Jack snack tonight is water
I'm not snack
who Elvis Elvis - Elvis says he had a
huge run a 90 plus minute run of risk of
rain today oh oh and he was just about
to beat the last level of the game and
it froze and crashed on him I'm so sorry
Elvis I'm very very sorry
it happens sometimes unfortunately no
these aren't cartridges these are these
are wii u virtual console titles drink
harder Jack no I'm not drinking tonight
I got a drive home you get you get drunk
Jack when I'm already at home thank you
for smoking a huge blonde for me more
importantly does Karen leave the toilet
seat down
your brain cannot wrap itself around
this dr. Mario right it's so crazy you
get pills and then you have to line up
over the colors it's totally responsible
for the drug epidemic of the 1919 stru
so many pills
we're not gonna answer too many awkward
questions yes we are going to play more
adventure games
Chiz Oh drama this is apparently she's
Ultron's fourth month the subscribing
thank you she's so Tron we very much
appreciated
ooh
waffle tale thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it also thank you
to everyone telling me when people
subscribe I really appreciate that
well you see that's I think that's a
very interesting question cinnamon is
Karen does your family as your family
ever seen any of Rich's videos and what
do they think of it I don't think that
they would know what to make might find
the absurdity he's a Python fan he might
find the absurdity amusing my mother
would just be confused do we have to
watch this whole video pinko Jones thank
you for subscribe
I'm kind of going for a drunk Walter dam
rather dad rather it's do you think this
is like a journal dad around he did some
stuff for Annie it's a little Brian
Butterfield Brian and you can eat
bonbons crystallite powders now in when
we are not for anyone who doesn't know B
Fest is this weekend be fast is the most
amazing thing in the world it is be fast
24 hours straight of bad movies back to
back for 24 hours of nothing but bad
I made her watch the room once she and
it's over it's down at Northwestern
University I went last year and had an
absolute blast jegos often I think I
want to say my PFS story and rich I mean
you know Karen's here so I get it I'm
third wheel tonight and that's fine it's
all right I do I do believe josh is
going down to be Fest this year I can't
go unfortunately some work came up so I
cannot go down this year unfortunately
and I don't know who else is beautiful
what was there last year Megaforce was
there last year
is there anybody like comment if you're
like I must tk3 no one commenting but
it's you know it's live theater so it's
very midnight showing people yell stuff
at the screen they they show plan 9 from
outer space every year it's like Rocky
Horror Picture Show though abundant you
don't know what movie it is right it's
so great I was really upset that I
couldn't make it this year hopefully I
can make it next year it's a little bit
it's a little abysmal but that's kind of
what makes it joyful as well like you
know it's it's 4:00 in the morning and
you've been watching B movies for 12
straight hours and there's another 12
hours of the movies happening and and
you just kind of get lost in this in
this haze it's it's really beautiful
it may be in Milwaukee next January if
that would be amazing
here is a very important question Team
Edward or Team Jacob that was the
correct answer you know I don't know if
you can bring like liquor or beer into
BFS also you probably just don't want to
because the the you're trying to stay
awake brings in liquor or beer you want
to bring energy drinks was making the
whipping gesture and so she took her
hand off the controller
glad to see somebody it's very honest
emotion I appreciate
dr. kill the cat says he's been playing
FTL for over 50 hours and still he still
hasn't won yet even I won and you know
how terrible I am at games you know I
look up some strategies it got what
significantly easier once rich started
explaining the use of the teleporters
try try out different strategies yeah
yeah cuz whatever you're doing it's not
working yeah the real nutboy I've just
said your name thank you for subscribing
I don't know if you just subscribed or
if you are an old subscriber but in any
case I appreciate it
he just wanted me to say his name so I
did
they just like I said I think it's great
things right
is Karen impressed with your I haven't
seen too much of it yet but yeah ah so
they were debating on like what's the
weather more RAM or more processors yeah
and was the most most people rich on a
different if in the candle hard drive
I've never played net
it's apparently were you acting at right
Karen knows that was a weird stream I
felt I felt weird about like just
watching rich bill the PC may had
classical music playing in the
background it was embarrassed I'm
playing before millions of your fans
people are asking about James vlog I
subscribed after he started the vlog I
love it I love hearing J's you know
opinions on the world and and I think
it's it's really great for him to have
this outlet where you can he can just
kind of talk about whatever you know
like what's happening in the day I think
James vlog is great
no I don't think Jays gonna run tonight
either they must be working on something
super secret and special Oh or it's
another episode of one of the shows that
you already know it's been a while yeah
well not really a while they had uh we
did we had a late December gallant no
Jay doesn't have a belong he has a vlog
or a v-log I've heard it pronounced both
ways we're gonna call blogs blogs you
shouldn't call it a vlog of V long
that's just I agree a few looks like
that argument we have about whether it's
nests or nes well I mean right oh you
know what I'll say I'll say nes but I'll
call the Super Nintendo business
yeah I think you can I think it's tomato
tomahto
you write a horrible Gloria Jay does
feel like more he's more relatable now
that he's vlogging she's just a real
person shove the super I I would
appreciate it if you if you found me
attractive
I cannot promise I'll play nethack
listen we need games to play all the
time on the stream so listen you don't
need to subscribe you can just say I
want you to play nethack i don't know
what isn't we don't even know what it is
what system is it on is it a is it a
computer a derp game or is it one of
them consoles I would have to only
assume you to act the net
it's like a Greenpeace the whales it's
true Oh
nethack is a real quote unquote rogue oh
I did have more time to play swapper and
I it's definitely swapper was a bad
choice for streaming bata playing it by
myself
i-i've been playing a little more
swapper and I've been playing a little
more call of duty really yeah and you
know it's terrible call of duty research
rich I have been meticulously
researching our next episode do you know
what's a really boring topic willful
suspension of disbelief the the papers
that are out there on the willful
suspension of disbelief are incredibly
boring when people start talking about
the science behind our imagination it
gets really boring
I've gotten enough call of duty playtime
in or now I am okay never yes sure sure
I just you know I wanted to get a little
more just just for general reference
just for a general reference
Vala hecka this is Karin with us today
holy shit I'm waiting for somebody to
ask Jessie question oh and for those ask
me I was playing the new column due to
come to the advanced warfare and it was
terrible showing up late I'm sitting
next to my are we are we ridiculously
quiet I'm hearing that we are
ridiculously quiet tonight hold on
volumize I
I am now adjusting our volume all right
talk guys testing one two three
how about this Oh
but now the volume is up enough where
you guys might not want to yell okay
that would that would be bad doctor
vector that's not how you spell Jessie
yes oh yeah and someone did gift me
specop the line and I do I'm interested
in playing at it much better okay great
actor Jane great great audio is fine
before Oh God
well if it's still fine now then that's
all that really matters yeah yeah okay
start straining hmm where is Harrison
Ford about Indiana Jones with Star Wars
enough for Harrison Ford to be a star or
would he have just been the Han Solo guy
without Indiana Jones yeah 100% the Han
Solo guy cuz that's what everyone else
in that movie was 100% Karen I know you
probably don't care as much but what do
you think well he would have been the
Han Solo guy but that is enough I mean
there are a lot of hard core starch Star
Wars fans okay okay
hey you could you could easily but would
he be starring in a ton of other movies
is the question or would he just be
signing his autograph at conventions and
making his living as the Han Solo guy
and not as Harrison Ford megastar actor
no I think if he wasn't Indiana Jones he
would have been something else
yeah I think he would have gotten roles
okay cuz he struggled before Indiana
Jones
like was in some movies of failed
no no because right before or right
before Star Wars name me a Harrison Ford
movie between Star Wars and Indiana
Jones yeah yeah no but I mean you know
and then the rest is history like 35
years old I mean II was witness hell
yeah I'm gonna see Flagler the Amish kid
witness the service before Tulum and yes
witness is great Blade Runner 82
I'll go say okay I believe that I don't
know the correct answer how about that
in DJ would have been 81
Raiders was it's not like we could look
it up on Wikipedia or anything we
actually can you can only rub your belly
and scratch your nose in so many
analogies there we just need better
partitioning minds is that true was
Blade Runner a flop I think a lot of the
Caesars that's a critical head because
no looks so good yeah
but it was an actual flop I want to say
yes oh man that's terrible I don't know
let me say that was terrible
I mean it's terrible what was terrible
in good movies flop that is nothing
was it really yeah did it did it I get a
resurgence in the DVD market I'm pretty
sure I'll look it up but if I recall
Fight Club did not do well when it came
up huh it's kind of a Blade Runner was
ahead of its time so of course it was a
flop absolutely yeah absolutely
Oh aberrantly Bladerunner was a flop but
then it was re-released in the 90s
Colten sensation the book is awesome do
Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
Chris Newland thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
oh they're saying Fight Club did a
hundred million so I don't think that
was a problem eight hundred million
seriously no I made up that number under
level next yep sorry I was not expecting
super laughter apologize apologize to
everyone's ears it's another thing I
need to figure out is like I need a
limiter is what I need you broke
everyone's ears but that's okay I don't
know someone said something funny
so amnesia it's not worse is it is it
just just tell him it is we don't want
to upset Oh what's the bother my
speaking of fellow kbecque yeah he's the
author do Androids Dream of Electric
Sheep and he's also the author of Total
Recall which was called something crazy
no and recently it's Amazon Prime see
Amazon Prime pilot season mm-hmm where
Amazon Prime tries to shove out a whole
bunch of original content you get to
vote on which they produce ok and they
just produced a kjk dick adaptation what
it's called the men who live in castles
er ok so there's an Amazon original
series based on a philip k dick novel
thank you big leaves a man in the high
castle yeah I didn't check that it's
actually the the pilot was super amazing
if you have amazon prime because i see
the pilot now i do it's really good it's
it's basically it's what if the Nazis
and Japan had won World War 2 and taking
over America so it's like wacky
revisionist history like that inglorious
basterds except like the dystopian
version exactly and it's awesome I
really enjoyed it it's only the pilot so
it's only one episode but I really
enjoyed it
yes thank you Tyrone for for phoning
that and and produced by Ridley Scott
you Mike Simpson philip k dick honestly
I think they have Radiohead doing the
soundtrack cuz supposedly they're okay
computer Alvin was heavily influenced by
Phillip K Davis work
it's true
he was very nice read the novel okay I
will horrible Cory I've been looking for
a new book to read and it sounds like
this philip k dick guy he might have it
together I think he's a new
up-and-coming right yeah Jack Oh Jack
don't got cable I don't have cable I
only have I have the Amazon and I have
the Netflix no you don't need it you
don't need no then there's a sports game
that I can't watch but you don't miss
watching endless commercials for some
pharmaceuticals and lawsuits involving
promise nice take such-and-such it'll
change your life if you took
such-and-such you may be eligible to be
part of a lawsuit
speaking of sporting events how about
them Packers I hear they play the ball
of foot I also hear they're not in the
World Series and football this year they
didn't score as many runs as that other
team yeah see Jeff this is why I can't
talk about this nobody in this room
other than me gives a shit about
football I mean generally I don't give a
shit about football but I do hate the
Packers well they're nice so I know what
it was they kind of choked this you're
the Patriots and
somebody no it's somebody and also on
another usually it wasn't the Rams no
see yeah was it was the Seahawk Rams you
might understand check to see random a
great like a dolphin with a ramp with
ram's horns would be like an awesome the
the Seattle narwhals yeah I would
totally get their merchandise just
because it was a wacky you know like the
Lansing Lugnuts baseball team or
something what is that a real team
yeah they're their minor league allowed
the minor league teams like to go with
the really strange and silly names and
they're called the Lansing Lugnuts I
think that's great there's another team
that I think Montgomery or something the
biscuits the biscuits they're my
favorite team
see you don't care about football you
don't give a shit one or the other but
me yeah I take a lot of shit from Mike
and Jen and Jessie and everybody who
lives around here mmm who are Packers
fans somewhat casually the Bears sure
sure and so I took so much delight in
their misery
dude let's bring it all back factors to
schadenfreude oh okay and and just
watching the Packers fail as is
amazingly spectacularly as they failed
prior to hearing all that just because
I'm tired of hearing all that shit it
was it was a wonderful evening when I
went home that night and I started
watching the highlights
that's great I had a I had a slight
invested interest because of a couple of
videos that I'm making revolving the
Super Bowl and so they would have it
would have worked out better
business-wise if the Packers would have
warmed okay
and so like and I was driving back from
Minnesota that day and so I was like
everyone said I was check-in the score
on my phone and it got to the start of
the fourth quarter and the Packers were
winning like 16 to nothing it's like oh
great this is you know this is good for
business this is good for business and
then all of a sudden I get home and
they've lost the last time one minute
and as a how as a professional sports
team how do you do that it's like the
Cubs were they a few years back that the
Chicago Cubs everybody thought oh
they're finally gonna win the Super Bowl
they get the best record of the National
League and in all the you know the Cubs
fans were like oh you know they're gonna
win and
they got swept out of the playoffs
completely that's terrible
oh no that was a different year the
Bartman incident was like in 2003 or
something I don't know I don't think
there really cared space come oh I'm
glad that you're listening to Bjork
you should yarks wonderful I you know
I'm actually I haven't followed her most
recent stuff but I like to sell my songs
and in her early stuff she's she's just
weird and wacky and Icelandic and fun
apparently her at her new album even
though it's not supposed to come out for
a couple of months released on the UK's
iTunes like months ahead as time
unannounced and all sudden it's just
like there it is 30 or we can't get it
yet to try and sample it somewhere I'm
sure they have like you know somewhere
you can download the track they're doing
it I'm sure
Elvis Elvis is saying that the Seahawks
have scored 15 points in 44 seconds I
would think that you couldn't do that
touchdown or something you know
snatching defeat from the jaws of
victory yeah choke joke yeah
I'm sure their fans were heartbroken but
I'm not one of them so I walked into the
studio on Monday right if right after
the game on Monday yeah my just points
to maybe says don't you say don't you
say anything after giving me shit all
year says don't you say anything so so
you know what I did I said oh they'll
say then I'll talk about something else
you knows it's at a restaurant before I
came here today and you know I was
getting them like last quarter of my sin
I just started choking oh that's a good
thing knows that there's a doctor right
next to me somebody across the room
through a first-aid kit at him and for
some reason I just jumped up to try and
grab it in it it bounced off of my head
about something bad so if somebody said
yes well like Jose Canseco style one of
the player who wasn't supposed to go for
the ball foolishly trying to go for it
one of the packers players and it
bounced off his head oh my god I did see
he's never gonna live that down no he's
gonna be like this Jose Canseco right
the baseball player
oh yeah but that wasn't like playoff
game okay Jose Canseco one uptick Rabab
deeply out and instead of catching it it
bounced off his head because it bounced
off his head and bounced over the fence
it was a home run
it gets played at every blooper reel for
every we'll never live it though I was
really fine
uh all right couple to Guk's
I got with the gooks once no Karen
favorite Julia Roberts movie pretty
woman or runaway bride I've never seen
from runaway bride okay
so I guess so it has to be pretty woman
I remember liking it when it came out
the better question is how do you feel
about Julia Roberts
I think they expect you one like the
chick flicks do you think that she's
still America's Sweetheart or do you
think that she jumped the shark after
lovey Bray or do you care I think the
world has forgotten about her possibly
because she's no longer yelling I don't
know she used to be really popular and
really well-known and now you never
really hear about or not that I really
watch a whole lot of you know wife time
channel or something where they'd
probably talk about her but she used to
be used to not be able to you know leave
the house or turn on the TV without
hearing the words Julia Roberts hmm and
that's not really the case anymore for
whatever reason maybe she just gets
tired or maybe she just figures she's
got enough money that she doesn't have
to really work anymore she'll just you
know maybe she's adopting you know
pandas Angola is that something you can
do I'm sure I've got one I don't know
just pass for right now I'll try to
think okay that's fine that's fun no and
you know it doesn't have to be out the
of all time just the the favorite movie
you've seen recently your favorite movie
at the Todd's first thing that comes to
your head ParaNorman paragon was
adorable
I don't know was adorable um I liked a
lot of you know kids movies like monster
house you know the lego movie was really
cute like fight big Fight Club I love
Fight Club
I like big hero 6 mmm
still haven't seen the Hobbit movie yet
I liked the first two of them
yeah I know I missing something but
that's fine that's fine it's not like
you're gonna be quiz ya ParaNorman is
good I I really I like it's I think it's
hard to do kind of like spooky kids
movies and I think they did they got the
balance just right good yeah
zombies kids movies ambe's and goes
funny and a blatantly gay man yeah that
well it wasn't you know it wasn't blade
it was it was subtle you know where he
just said you know you're gonna love my
boyfriend and I thought that was a nice
a nice touch yeah the the main girl yeah
we had that yeah she had the hot Sun
further for the good-looking guy
yeah the John protrude out the jack she
wants she wants to go see a movie with a
jack so the Jack's like sure we'll take
my boyfriend - he loves chick flicks oh
that's great
I remember now I've only seen it once I
keep I'm all I'm looking to see down as
the boxtrolls I've heard great things
about the box yeah I wanted to see it oh
and the the book of life the one with
the like the Mexican Day of the Dead
kind of thing that came out around
Halloween last year that's a gorgeous
movie I don't even know if I've heard of
that yeah it's like you know like the
the Day of the Dead with a sugar skull
yeah well like when they're in the
underworld dead world they're the sugar
skulls otherwise they're like these mix
this little Mexican wood carved like
retablo kind of people and it's it's a
love story and it's animated it's CGI
but it all looks like it's made out of
water clay oh it's great it's really fun
and it's gorgeous
that's great we've fought the wife Pie
movie or do you did you just like the
book
me I haven't actually seen the Life of
Pi movie although I've been meaning to I
did like the book I know you read the
book yeah
I'm wondering how how they handle that
because I mean it's pretty graphic that
you know that I think the tiger ate his
mother how did they do they show that do
they just allude to it I'm wondering if
they just suddenly flash back and show
the gory version of it or if they just
don't I don't know like because I
haven't seen it I really can't say but I
could see where that could potentially
be like pretty disturbing to actually
see it there's none of that
oh yeah the Andy weir book I loved that
book why does it come to mark the
Larsen's it's about this it's a book by
Andy where werw I'm gonna play while you
talk yeah it's a book but it's a lot
like a hard sci-fi book you know like a
relatively accurate to science kind of
sugar and this guy is an astronaut and
they have some bad weather on Mars that
the Mars probe and he's three therefore
I think they send people to Mars in the
relatively near future okay and there's
a storm there's bad weather and they
have to evacuate and this guy he gets
separated from the other people and they
think he's dead
but he's not dead and and Santa
despoilers yeah but he has to find a way
to let people on earth know that he's
not dead and to stay alive until they
can come back and try to get it their
ship is heading back to earth and
they're supposed to be making a movie
out of it and I'm totally looking
forward to it it's it's a great book you
can you can plug things you like here we
plug the the was I off to be the wizard
you won't do it and I love that it's
comedy I can't think it wrote it off the
top of my head
the wizard Lanice something that's not
humour sci-fi some kind of punishment
the guy who does like xkcd or whatever I
don't think it's that strip it's another
strategy he's got some kind of yeah
everybody has a webcomic
spell her high water spell or high water
that was it
and I still got to get you to read
Robert Cruz he's disenchanted even
trying to solve Eon I try to sell
everybody on that it's they're both you
know like light-hearted humor the the
the book about the guy who gets trapped
on Mars is called the Martian they said
they said you're you go you're thrown
out too many too many names at once the
Martian is by Andy where it's WI ER wer
one of those off to be the wizard and
spell or high water I can't is it Martin
the guy's last name that's the
character's name oh you're right those
are by the same author and disenchanted
by Robert kr oesc
they're saying that Ridley Scott is
making the Martian Ridley Scott busy
Scott is making the Martian he does
every family fuck Oh God
I'm sure I've seen things alien okay
Blade Runner oh god okay yeah gladiator
just a couple ones just a couple spider
movies no you know what it's no big deal
don't worry about I don't know the book
was like self-published and he actually
likely like did like open source to the
information out to people so that they
could fact check it so like these
science geeks could tell no well you
kind of got that wrong you know maybe
this would have been this so that's
great tried to make the math real
accurate and everything and and and then
it got picked up by publisher and now
they're gonna make a movie out of it
little Cinderella story I think that's
beautiful
I think that's beautiful
Richie's playing now and I don't I don't
know I I haven't been actually watching
so I don't know who's been doing better
let's just say Karen has cuz maybe that
oh oh it's a contest it does have to do
that dr. Mayer do we have a second
controller yeah we have a second okay
this day what booty what now
everything's fine
taco we've we've had the alien versus
aliens discussion before there they're
two different movies and they're both
good in very different ways yes it
depends on which type of movie you like
better
I love aliens but that doesn't mean I
can't recognize that alien isn't right I
just prefer the other but I'm more of an
action and adventure guy than a horror
guy exactly exactly
people I see I see this is now gonna
turn into divorce the stream challenged
character Mario so the couch that we're
sitting on right now this is where rich
is gonna sleep tonight and you know I
think it's fine it's a comfy couch so I
think it'll be fine what are they
calling this again Jack divorce this
dream divorced this divorce we didn't
it's fine do be careful they're saying
that's Simon's
no I can't
what are we talking about now chant I've
you've lost me well no the chat just you
know they get on their own special
tangents yeah it takes me a while to
catch up to it there's a lot of Paxton
talk a lot of Bill Paxton talk game over
man no he is here's what is called an
act or acts in movies he plays pretend
in front of a camera professionally and
he was in the movie alien aliens he's
also been several other movies most
notably you might recognize him from a
movie called twice der opposite Helen
Hunt
that's it most notably aliens go pac-man
no twister was most notably aliens
aliens was a bigger movie but he was the
lead so what so you give him the lead
over your your your more known for being
the lead in a great I mean the this is
the side guy in a great movie than you
are for being the lead and a forgettable
popcorn flick yes
he's more known for aliens oh I bet you
in Star Wars who's the lead Han Solo err
Luke Luke yes there's no doubt no doubt
did you know he he made out better than
than Luke did and largely because of his
role yeah hey she has a point
yeah Harrison Ford did not star in Star
Wars
no but he but we just had me what see
more known for conversation earlier and
it's Indiana just shirt stars sure in it
but okay if he never made if you never
made Indiana Jones yeah will he be more
known for Star Wars or witness
so remembers greatness scores
okay that's our generation that's the
argument you know what Richmond rich
wins
Oh someone got a shot come up for that
it happened no it's gonna happen
karen has no idea what you're talking
about good bingo game oh okay I'm kind
of like a drinking game where it's yeah
yeah look every time somebody says yes
ooh here's an important question wrench
yes Reb Brown or Robert zidar red Brown
Robert Siddarth is distracting from his
lack of talent whereas red Brown commits
100% to the cheesiest shit I give it to
red Brown 100% all right red Brown is
the man that could have been all right
rich and I are getting divorced now yes
I think that would be a great title for
a movie though the man the man that
could have been but never was so when
are we gonna play head to head where you
kick my butt
you can finish your room sick get the
second controller yeah we're going Jesus
Christ oh gotta happen here it is there
it is
all right how do we get two more
probably gotta go back one okay oh you
have to start on the same level
them's the rules we start here we both
away cracker man five to six thank you
for subscribing we've vari that's
appreciated okay
remise okay oh my god it's happening
okay okay okay wait I'm rich rich
so rich will be on the left and Karen is
on the right rich messed up the controls
to be fine
that's totally fine I'm on the right yes
oh well you can't handle it it's
distracting your piece using the camera
you surrender not yet we might get there
eventually
oh and for anyone asking we are playing
this on the Wii U Virtual Console
because but it's it's exactly the same
game yeah it's just an easier way to
play it now I mean it
Oh No Oh Karen gave up I didn't give up
she gave she straight-up gave up two to
three oh yeah yeah I forgot it like
reigns pieces of death down on you when
the other person does something good oh
yeah start doing good things faster rich
better start and pulling back here to
wash to hold back
yeah riches on the left Karen is on the
right - rich has won crowned which is
using this tactic to distract Karen
what is dr. Mario's Nintendo Nintendo's
answer to dr. Robotnik's mean bean
machine no this came out well before any
sort of sonic franchise if Sonic was a
competitor to the Super Nintendo not the
regular Nintendo is it I mean oh we have
a stream freeze we do do you guys still
hear us though I think you still hear us
hopefully you still hear us hold on yeah
I see that the stream froze but can you
hear us
this is can you hear me now can you hear
us the program has failed but that's
okay I think we're still streaming
sounds good yeah we're still streaming
but the the capture device failed so
closing down the capture device it's
very funny how I ask you if you can hear
me and you say no we can't hear you
yeah I get it I'm closing down my dog
caps your device because it froze BRR
I'm sorry what what don't you know
you're mr. ed I know mr. ed I just can't
believe that you brought up mr. ed of
course of course of course of course I
we are starting the device again you
bastard
actually thank you it's a pretty tight
association it's a pretty tight match
the play-by-play is Oak Karen's down to
three viruses and rich still has four
ah rich keeps braiding down nasty pieces
that I don't want your nasty pieces end
up helping me it's kind of great
yeah and yours keep on hurting me Oh mr.
Foreman le thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it rich is now
down to one already I need to unplug
something okay how are you doing
Internet is it internet doing okay today
I'm doing something neutral stuff tech
neutral as a character we have invented
here's an asexual detective
he's dick neutral uh so he's doesn't
have a dick or not he doesn't get the
sexual innuendos mmm
kind of like the character in the
guardians of the galaxy who doesn't get
their palms or genetics that's it yeah
Shrek
never really a fan that's the thing we
don't know we don't get it they keep
trying to bring that up okay
the stream will be coming back
momentarily no chance bringing up Secret
Wars coming soon to a theater near you
we're talking about Secret Wars earlier
now you're busy that's the wrong way to
talk about this here rich I'm putzing I
don't I don't train the left brain to do
this well the right brain doesn't work
that way
leave me to my putzing doo doo doo doo
doo you know I don't like bus rooms to
bring that mustard yes bring it up tell
the mustard story what's a grateful
father um well just that I thought that
you didn't like mustard because you
hadn't had good muster you know I mean
there's a difference between that yellow
stuff people put on hot dogs with that
real high vinegar count and content and
good Dijon mustard so I had some good
mustard and Karen do you enjoy Barden
Ford needs these questions are starting
to remind me of that that scene from the
movie airplane ever been to a Turkish
prison Billy but anyway so I gave him
some good dish on mustard and no he's
right he turns out he doesn't like
mustard at all I was like um I'm not
sure how long it took you to get the
taste the smell the thought out of your
mouth but it was a while you were not
happy you can also tell him why you call
me charmed
well I I call him chard because because
it's the second half of his name but
also because he accidentally had a
little cooking fire some years back he
was much younger and learning how to
cook yeah just kind of set the doorway
on fire I don't know how trying to make
a grand exit I guess
almost burned down the house yeah but
didn't watch the two men wrestle ever
been to a Turkish prison for people
coming in late Karen here is my fiance
hi again continuing iiiiii hey guys I
got it back okay yes always be cool
about fire safety stop drop and roll
don't screw around with matches all that
good stuff don't stick your fork in the
electrical socket don't put your don't
take a bath yeah don't take a bath with
your curling iron or whatever it is
people do okay so coming back rich has
two victories ticket runs none to
Karen's none but that was a close match
I'm really sorry you guys missed out
we're ready to go we're going even
though in a two out of three world I've
already lost well that person was
something
hey hey fuck me up - so just know I'm
screwed
I recently got those how did I get
unscrewed I said I did
I got unscrewed I don't know how it's
done screw in the mouth yes yes rich has
almost burned down multiple houses for
people who do that who else's house I
only know about the one isn't it isn't
this - doesn't this make the story
you're just telling it's that's - then
what's one there's that that's it oh
you're telling the grandmother sound of
stir OH
so Karen comes Richard because also also
because because when he was taking some
classes there there was some time ago
there were some girls from India or
somewhere we used to call Reid yard
which was very cute I get it Richard
there is no redemption no no sanctuary
yes Oh
Logan's reign is a great movie I agree
it's been a while since I've seen it I
thought about the Day the Earth Stood
Still I mean you gotta love your old
cheesy sci-fi movies see perfect turbo
Jesus 5000 now wants to know if there
was a specific point a moment that made
me give up on Doctor Who or was it a
gradual thing Karen did you ever watch
Doctor Who I just I've seen a few of
them like the one work the Sanders all
dried out and she's be missed it all the
time oh that's a beautiful yeah that's a
beautiful I always mean - and I never do
I've watched a lot of red dwarf I like
that I mean I do like British humor but
I haven't seen enough to really feel
like I should have an opinion on Doctor
Who
I really like the the reboot or you know
the the new season it was right after
this season with the silence there
wasn't a specific episode or a moment it
was just the the it would you know who
was it was Clara when Clara came in
everything everything went sour she was
a really bad sidekick or whatever
companion and the stories got sloppy the
doctors character got all weird it was
just a whole thing it was just a whole
thing oh my god they got the Logan's Run
reference
there is no Sangju no sanctuary yeah
that's about how it sounds I mean blink
is a beautiful and perfect episode like
there's a wonderful episode there are
many really wonderful episodes of Doctor
Who it just got really sloppy like the
the episode where the doctors in an old
western town and suddenly decides he
wants to murder someone for no
particular reason because the doctor
doesn't murder people but that's fine
for no reason whatsoever he decides out
of the blue that he needs to murder
someone and then halfway through is like
I guess I don't want to murder and tries
to figure out a way to not murder him
it's it doesn't make any sense
no the characterization guys super
fucked I'm taking acid while they were
writing the scripts or something yeah
it's just it's just a bad writer and the
person who was writing it was also a
showrunning and so they they they just
he got he got Lucas
he had no one to tell him no and and the
show went to shit and that's fine oh not
to like season eight okay so there were
there are seven or eight I forget which
season the silence was but there were
there were many many quality quality
seasons but
just get fucked up quality discount
prices high quality discount prices cuz
they're all on Netflix so which is
really why I started watching it I just
needed a new show and I knew there were
so much of them mattress store I was
just thinking about that recently we
tried to buy a mattress once and it was
the most miserable experience trying to
buy anything if you don't buy it in the
next 30 seconds you're going to die you
need to buy it now we were in the store
for like literally a minute this guy's
already putting on the pressure
whittling away my virus pie and all of a
sudden clear your stage what's that that
was a close one
parents say my name it will make my day
Jack trigger Joyce Joyce there's twice
there you go okay this was your effort
to get me distracted oh that's okay yeah
fan interference fan interference fight
on even if it's completely hopeless and
you're doomed to failure the drug wasn't
working so you know what you need to do
shove more pills down there
Romario does not have a healthy a
healthy relationship with substances
mushrooms pills driving under the
influence right you've heard it here
first folks rich has yellow up the ass
hmm but jokes they're my favorite we're
accepting bunch accepting blood jokes
but a bunch of bunch Oh an accepting
bunch o butt jokes I don't know too many
butts jokes
the blue thing is on top of my bear
ooh Old Yeller all the yellow up there
but I like it there was ever a movie
that was designed to manipulate your
emotions that is it Old Yeller classic
killing a dog movie beautiful yeah you
know the Injil movies genre killing the
dog yeah you just said it this kind of
music or something we have I've seen in
some supermarkets a a brand of dog food
called Old Yeller and I always see it
and I think so that's what they did
after they capped his ass turned up in
the Old Yeller dog food oh those from
underneath I have not checked out and
ghost in the shell' arrives you know
what I did do though because there was
so much anime talk lash to streaming
uh-huh I finally know I've had this
thing attack on Titan it's it's a an
anime I see around the internet all the
time I thought it was a movie but
apparently it's a series and I've been
watching last night just out of the blue
I started watching attack on Titan all
of a sudden it's 1:00 in the morning and
I've seen like 10 episodes it's great
attack on Titan is really beautiful it's
about these horan disjoint people
looking monsters that eat people
and the the town and all of the world is
walled off and they keep getting in and
it's about the people who fight the
giant Titans and it's great okay I I
don't actually know much about it I'm
only ten episodes in and so yeah it's
just about the people that fight the
Titans and they have these like
mechanical Spiderman belts that like
grapple hook and they can float around
like spider-man it's really great
now I've been really yeah it's about
naked cat is about giant naked cannibals
all the Titans are naked but they look
like people but they kind of look like
dim-witted people with giant smiles on
their face and so then when they like
eat people on blood gushes everywhere
it's really creepy certainly sounds like
anime yeah it's really beautiful it's
really really beautiful
I like the first ghost in the shell'
movie we talked about that I saw that in
the theaters I used to i-i've see I have
seen anime in the past but it's been a
while
nicer I need to review some bad anime no
no I thought fine
oh we got one more
oh my god what is it Karen what did you
to hold your pills
that is if that's a real pickle
oh my god
yeah I know I was doing a pretty good
job you don't know underneath I feel bad
because you were doing more time I mean
when you're trying to you know take out
stalactites dominantly I was talking
about man and what was the cove again
man in the castle you guys don't know no
the Amazon series the philip j k the
philip k dick series man in the castle
something men and someone were someone
remember what i said earlier and type it
something in the castle man men the men
who live in castles is the is the is the
amazon pilot season someone's gonna say
it the man in the high castle that's
what it's called and it's great so you
can get me
what do you want to talk about you I've
been I'm just talking talking check this
is good I think this is good I think
this is good I've been playing crappy
video games all day so it's fun watching
a good video game see we're not
reviewing Call of Duty though it's gonna
come on oh no like I said that's just
for me that's just like a general I
usually make fun of Call of Duty yeah
and I haven't played one in a while so
now I feel like I have all the right in
the world to make fun of Call of Duty
again okay ivory upped my Call of Duty
your subscription yeah okay sorry even
we're even your goose is not cooked yet
I know doctor killed again that's fine
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
that's just the Joker
rlm reference thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciated
rich have you played in any regular Far
Cry 3 or just Blood Dragon because it's
not as awesome as Blood Dragon basically
yes in general
it's just not as fun I suppose going
from the like eighties
techno yeah like eighties rock relatable
right that would be a be a rough
transition
I have not seen tusks yet mr. Foreman
Ellie and I don't plan on it even though
even though Jay said he loved it Jay
said he loved it because of how bad it
oh what did I do and I don't know if
it's so never give up your never
surrender still you're the best of the
best keep going I've mutation if someone
subscribes with a really horrific name
would you still say it
there are 100% limits but your example
of content butter buckle I would
definitely say that that is not the
limit yeah and we really didn't like
your name we might just make something
up yeah it's not personally offensive
it's kind of blandly tasteless which is
a lesser sin being tasteless is a lesser
sin sure yes
you know you know how I'm gonna handle
mmm I might say you're an asshole
thank you oh no I've opened the
floodgates well you know what if that's
what you feel like spending your five
dollars on if you feel like spending
your five dollars on seeing what will
say I'm more than okay with that but you
know I can't imagine
played Mario non-stop Oh longer than
that but nobody as long as you want
we're just talking and playing games
that's what we do yeah yes talk about TV
series librarians at all no it's cheesy
how would I even describe it I it's
these people who it's based on a couple
of movies that they had which were
probably straight-to-video
and these people are like librarians and
they they run around trying to gather
all the magic in the world back in but
it's just it's got some cheesy some food
fun cheesy episodes like one episode
there I was so bad at playing this and
talking at the same time there they find
this house that that it's like a haunted
house that eats people and it travels
it's been traveling through time and
showing up different places matters
fantasy time yeah in their library I
can't even describe it a fun show it
doesn't always make sense it's
frequently very silly you would probably
like rip it apart
clinically don't doubt but it's
whimsical and fun whimsical I've also
been enjoying Gotham
rich was saying he was like accomplice
you're gonna defend people don't like
because it's not mostly about bad man
hey whoa you'll have to have that
discretion with a chat when somebody
else starts playing I'm sure I'm sure
this will come up these people have very
strong opinions play something else I'm
gonna play versus roguish because know
I'll lose rich clearly I lose I'm good
you know what I'm gonna play oh I'm
gonna play some Metroid I'm rusty and
rich just like
