Episode 025
Rich is slightly less awesome at Volgarr The Viking
January 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Du0p7BOqc08
___________________________________________

are you gonna are you gonna tell me or
am I just gonna have to wait until it
comes up you'll see you'll see when they
say okay I'm excited
take off pants shit out of floor you're
right if it's gonna be great Bolg are
the Viking what volgarr the Viking it's
volgarr the Viking what the fuck you
think it is oh oh I gotta I gotta plug
my controller into this shit and I
probably got to turn the game audio way
the fuck down yeah
okay I had just updated the stream okay
to fold our with two hours yep
crap what is this this looks great
looks fantastic
alright sure we're just working all
right we're good to go
great great great great everything is
awesome and everything is possible
turn down for what
BB somebody sent this as a gift - Wylla
garden just getting around to it now ok
it's Gandhi Kennedy looks like a great
little 2d hack-and-slash e balls heart
balls huh okay that's the that's the
whole gimmick I like it's extremely hard
all right
digging the animation by the way all the
little all the tiny little animations
like that red flag that you went by in
the beginning yeah whoo great blood
bursts are you kind of just seeing it
start up yeah this looks great you would
like mine you would love it ha ha ha
this looks hard as balls like is there a
delay on swinging your sword No
you can't correct during jumps and you
die in few hits sure I'm sure there are
spikes in this game for anyone asking
yes yes this game would be remiss
without spikes yes yes I'm sure there
are spikes
really funny and really fun animation
everything you know has his his chest
Quivers when you jump is what I'm
noticing it is this is like tiny
barbarian only bigger this is like big
larger larger barbarian larger very
larger Viking let's be fair man has his
own culture he's not a barbarian that's
true that's true they say it also
reminds them of super star wars sure
Jack yes I would notice the chest
quivering so you know they say if it hey
hey now and I'm pretty good doing pretty
good
maybe maybe this is a lot like you are
but I came from the future
oh nice double jump is what I desire
your double jump my spike so good it's
doing great
oh sorry core like I didn't see before
rich have you played elite dangerous
elite dangerous no elite :
dangerous no nearby so I'm sorry Korra
like we have not why don't I do that I
don't know
why did you do what I start with my
shield okay yes this does look a lot
like ghosts and goblins meets
alternatively yeah that's actually a
perfect description of this game yes yes
you're absolutely right I don't know if
I played any of the elite games I don't
know what elite games aren't you Richard
know this this has a retro style Genesis
manual Oh does it yeah there's like a
PDF online form that's great that is
great oh shit
rich should look in oh you should look
into elite dangerous it has similarities
to TIE fighter
only it's an open world yeah we're gonna
do it oh I'll look it up yeah right now
though we're playing volgarr the Viking
that's true oh yes and I see you what
you and Chad have already answered but
yes we've played shovel knight I beat
shovel knight 100 percent on stream yep
great game
previous streams can be viewed on the
youtubes on the YouTube and on Twitch
right here on Twitch you can look into
our highlight section I also upload
those highlights to our youtube channel
youtube.com slash user slash previously
recorded and I did not intend that to be
a shameless plug that's just a
legitimate answer absolutely 100 percent
good what good
want indeed okay rich yeah I have
something berries oh fuck what and and
this is gonna be a conversation so you
you're gonna you're about to have to get
good at playing and talking at the same
time yeah so on the advice of some
people Lisa and I recently started
watching a show on Netflix and it turned
out to be absolutely terrible yeah many
people these people again and many
people have recommended this show to me
and in general it's something that we
would like because we're a fan of like
sci-fi II kind of stuff you're not gonna
tell me you hate Farscape are you gonna
tell me you hate first day I got five
episodes into Farscape and it is a sham
of a show
whoops sham an absolute goddamn sham
sham maybe sham is too hard it's bad
explain I'm this is gonna be a thing and
I know so far escape as far as uh as far
as sci-fi goes far escape is a science
fantasy show which takes a little
getting used to because you know it
feels very Star Trek
you know ya lost astronaut trying to
work its way home but of course there's
there's nothing scientifically based
about it you know but but that's fine
like it's about it so that's but that's
hard to get used to because it feels
very Star Trek but that's not that's not
the whole that's not the whole of it so
far so think back to the first five
episodes of our favorites right yeah our
main character muscly white guy I can't
even remember his name John Crichton
John Crichton what what is he trying to
accomplish he wants to go home okay
so in the first five episodes he does
and says nothing that indicates he wants
to get back to her I am not exaggerating
what do you want him to do I don't know
the say that he wants to get home hey I
think you're nuts
for example rich the Star Trek Voyager
right they don't do they don't
necessarily do something that helps them
get home every time right let me remind
me what happens in the first five
episodes okay so you know first episode
is obviously he gets through the
wormhole right yeah and and he
accidentally kills the brother of a
piece right pilot episode the pilot
episode episode 2 gets a little hazy
even though that's one of the worst
episodes of the series episode 2 sure
well that's great and then there's the
bug replicants episode oh that might be
ever episode 2 is the bug replicant
episode yeah okay so that's that's the
episode where there's like these but
space bug creatures that can make
duplicates of everyone yeah the first
season is not the best the first part
first half of the first season is not
the best Farscape but i same with Doctor
Who Jack you're no man of that shit so
doctor who has one bad episode and after
that it gets good no no it's not true at
all B we tried five episodes of this and
like I said so no no we're in the five
episodes does John Crichton give any
explanation of what he is attempting to
accomplish in the in this series
in fact further so none of the
characters have any overarching goal
we we are not told what they are what
any one of these escaped prisoners is
trying to accomplish in the series well
you learn more about certainly Dargo as
a lot
rigel wants his throne back sure he
never does anything to indicate that and
he never says any well I suppose he did
like he mentions being you sir but no
one is trying to do anything to better
their situation no one mentions anything
they have to do to better their
situations in the first five episodes
and that particularly is why I call it a
sham because none of the characters have
any motivation that I can lock on to
besides of course not dying from
immediate circumstances right the
technically storytelling wise it's
missing a ton of connective tissue and a
lot of that is I'm sure budgetary like
for example the last episode we saw they
were on a big peacekeeper ship the the
most feared peacekeeper ship yeah and
and they were looking at the peacekeeper
ship on their scanners right and I said
oh let's we should go in there and
salvage first up and there's a little
bit of a debate whether or not they
should go in there and they decided to
go in right yeah and then the next scene
if they're on the fire escape or
whatever their ship is called the
Leviathan oh yeah they're on Moya and
they're about to go onto the ship and
all of a sudden they just open a door
and they're on the ship
they're on the Peacekeeper ship it is
never like we're never shown an exterior
shot that they docked they never
mentioned like okay we just made on the
sci-fi channel right but it but they had
a budget of $3 and 45 cents these are
important things as far as storytelling
is concerned they could have been like
the
they could have had a line of dialogue
that said okay we've docked we're ready
to enter but no they just opened a door
and all of a sudden they're on the
Peacekeeper ship and that shit is
unacceptable
like there's no that it was lacking a
ton of this connective tissue where
often times I didn't know where people
were how they got there or what they
were intending on doing until they had
already gotten there are done it and
that that's acceptable on a couple
occasions but this was all over the
first five episodes all right Jack I
gave it I can't change your opinion on
things I gave it a real legitimate shot
and I was really disappointed oh you
fucker I'm not talking to the game I'm
talking to you for not liking Farscape
and yes I am criticizing the production
value post artist game that is true Chad
but there are things you can do when you
have a tiny project and and they didn't
they didn't do anything and I and by the
way a lot of the production value I
found charming the puppets were great I
mean they were puppets but I thought
they were cute them which means they
were superior to CGI you mean when you
say they were puppets because you sound
kind of condescending would you say that
slightly
oh I don't mean to know I mean there are
the puppets they're puppets in there
like Yoda is a puppet and Yoda is
obviously a puppet but it's charming and
you know a lot of the creatures are
puppets and a lot of the costumes are
like obviously costumes but they look
great and they have their own unique
styles and I found a lot of that to be
very endearing though low budget you
know so I'm wrong and I should feel bad
I don't think so no I am fully with the
chat you were wrong and you should feel
bad why because I don't like the show
where the characters have no motivate oh
by the way except they
have a lot of motivation they didn't
mention or do anything to show their
motivation I'm just going off of what I
saw on the goddamn show also John
Crichton
yeah is masonite is a scientist uh-huh
we would you categorize him as a smart
man yeah yeah absolutely I mean he has
to be right he's a theoretical physicist
he's a pilot and in Lassa yeah uh-huh
yeah I would think of him as a smart man
right so then why during the course of
these five episodes does he insist on
making earth pop-culture reference
references and then not understanding
when the aliens don't get them he's
probably used to making them for one and
for another he might not care that they
don't get them that actually might amuse
him no he gives this he he makes a big
deal out of them not understanding his
pop-culture references where he's just
like John Wayne you know John Wayne the
duke and then like the aliens look at
him like he's crazy he's like oh come on
it's it's it's infuriating yes all the
characters are very shallow and
predictable and more so they don't they
don't do anything and they don't say
what they're trying to do
yeah rich Jack yo fuck off I was really
I was really upset with bars Dave no and
by the way John Kehoe the first season
of next gen had some great episode no it
didn't it absolutely what was good in
the first season I'm sure that I were in
the first season what about what about
Ryker joining the Klingon ship is that
second that's first
that's pretty sure that's the first I
wanted I have no idea I'll be honest
with ya I'm very bad as he have a beard
no he does not have a beard are you sure
about that I mean maybe I could swear
that second season I'm 75 to 80% sure
about that chap can we correct jack on
this when des Riker joined the Klingons
in season 2 oh damn it that's it that's
a good one all right
that's a good episode I'm sure there are
good episodes on versus no there really
aren't there really aren't I mean the
pilot is good
we have the basics of the character
there there is a greater morality tale
like you understand what the show is all
about it's not great it's not like class
Island is like acceptable I don't know
that I would say Cherie
by the way I'll take I'll take
acceptable because none of Farscape was
acceptable the first five episodes
there's no accounting for taste the
first season they were finding their
footing but all the episodes had the
components Farscape finds its footing
for like the first half 2/3 of season 1
and then it finds it and that show is
amazing
from the minute Scorpius shows up that
show is great because at some point they
realized that the villain is kind of
just bad ok
and they they don't really faze him out
they they use them differently
and there's a new villain and that is
Scorpius
Scorpius was great ok ok sure crocodile
brain I will not stop like I can talk
extensively about the first five
episodes because I just watched them
after that I can't but listen I was at a
thing recently we had a game night with
some friends over the weekend and once
again this whole farce game thing came
up and the fact that I had never seen
her escape was once again a bit
wildermann to those around me you life
sci-fi you've never seen Farscape and I
was like no it just he knows nothing
that something that was never on my
radar so finally Lisa and I hunkered
down and we watched some episodes of
Farscape and we're thoroughly this
John Creighton is trying to get home all
the time no not in the first fight I
don't give a shit about the first five
episodes I've seen the entire series he
spends a lot of time investigating
wormholes sure but you know what give me
a hint of that when the show fucking
starts then hey I know there's an early
episode where it happens too right maybe
it's episode six man might be all I'm
saying is it's it's upsetting because
like that's they mention it in the
opening in the opening credits sequence
right waste like I'm trying to find a
way home but then throughout the
entirety of the episodes he doesn't even
mention it you know where he's like we
should head in this direction because I
need to find a map right like just a one
line of dialogue
he doesn't know a direction to find a
map check well then give me Amazon no
idea where he is
give me a line of dialogue saying that
like give me something to lock onto with
our main character but no
yeah yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry
the bad ass woman from Farscape will say
something tough overacting I want her to
die yeah again it's their their stock
characters and I'm sure throughout the
entirety of the series that get filled
out but yes you know there's there's all
the stock characters there's there's
Kryten who's our handsome white male
lead there's the there's the preacher
alien who also happens to be a total
badass like our priest peace-loving
alien who happens to also be really good
at kicking ass
there is the badass alien who also has
the heart of gold and then there's the
other badass alien who has the heart of
gold and then there's the farting puppet
I just wanna I just want to end this
dream now everybody I think I think jack
has prematurely ended the stream tell me
I'm first of all tell me you are wrong
about the series tell me I'm wrong about
those generalizations of the character
what were your generalizations again
dumbfounded I was listening to you there
is there's stock muscly white male lead
there is not stock he's he's he's
everything man he's smart he's funny
he's handsome
he's quirky but also grounded he's
everything you're right that main
character should've had a boring fuck
boring fuck but you know it's fine he's
fine he's absolutely fine and then there
is there is a peace-loving priest alien
who also happens to be able to kick
everyone's ass the blue alien lady Yeah
right
and then there is super tough alien guy
with the heart of gold and then there's
super tough alien girl with the heart of
gold
where do you get heart of gold with
Dargo incidentally he seems to have he
seems to have loyalty he has a warrior's
code of ethics and then there's farting
puppet who is the puppet that farts and
I'm not I'm not saying that to be
dismissive that's that's what he does
and that's fine he's comic relief oh no
doctor who had plenty of stock
characters I don't I don't mean stock
characters doesn't lessen
stock carry you know you take a stock
character and then you build off it and
as rich said I'm sure they build off of
these stock characters as the series
goes on I will not be privy to that as I
don't plan on watching anymore but yes
Dargo is the Klingon he's being he's
been Klingon yeah and early she hasn't
won yeah he's the warrior with his coat
event later on he evolves a bit his less
he's less generic honorbound alien in
the later seasons oh absolutely
he almost turns into drinking buddy okay
like at some point John Crichton teaches
him rock-paper-scissors and that that
kind of becomes a running thing sure
that's funny
by doing sweepy asks Jack here's a
question why do video games put such an
emphasis on jumping when people hardly
jump in real water there's something
doing the game yeah if it makes sure it
makes sure that your levels have a
variety to them what Mario you'll be fun
if you just ran from left to right yeah
it kind of simulates obstacle courses
you know going up stairs and whatnot but
it's a little more fun and maybe you
know height mobility is a general like
human wants like jumping high flying
that sort of stuff is it's a general
thing that human boy no beep up I'm
gonna don't about things I don't like
all the time
that's what I'm gonna do are you're
gonna face a big boss no
oh I'm sorry
no you're not you hate first guy you
hate me I hate everything I stand for I
don't know you
oh if all you stand for is far escape
then yes but I think you stand for more
than that no you know I again I bear no
ill will towards the things you like I
just are towards you because of I I bear
no ill will towards you because of the
things I just don't like him and and
hopefully I I mean I get to think about
this from an outsider's point of view
where it's like if you were to watch
those first five episodes fresh nowadays
I did I got hooked on the show at some
point first episode but did you see them
when they first came out no I I didn't
see first kit for the first time till a
few years ago okay
I can't get behind it it's it's too it I
like I said I am 100 percent sure it
gets better but these first five
episodes I cannot I cannot get by it
might get better in Episode six but I
won't give it another chance
yes it's just another reason to hate me
everyone because and I I'd like to think
I've given a solid enough reason for it
but your reasons are wrong but least you
give them they're not what are you
talking about none of the characters
have any motivation uh-huh characters
should have motivations to do things
uh-huh
this is not wrong this is this is how
this is how storytelling work huh
whatever how about that what do we do
when we've all you're right guys okay
guy jumped over my spirit oh no I'm not
doing a TV version of judging a book by
it's cover five episodes by five
episodes you should have a good enough
feel for a show I gave up on Doctor Who
after like eight that's see that to me
is crazy then and you know if you're not
into it that's fine like to me doctor
who started getting good at Episode two
like the first episode Rose is terrible
that is just undeniable a terrible
terrible episode and I can 100% see
anyone giving up on Rose because I gave
up after watching Rose I decided not to
watch more then i plow through an
episode too with with the face skin and
the end of the earth that is your
opinion rich I'm gonna be fine with it I
disagree I'm not telling you you have to
get back in there and watch more first
day you don't want to watch anymore
that's right your problem right yes oh
you guys in your damn semantics episode
two of the eighth season or whatever I'm
doctor you know what I'm talking about
you jerks they're saying episode two is
in 1961 get out of
hey you goddamn fucking plant monsters
here we go rich yeah cinnamon has really
hit the nail on the head
where's Jack Jack is absolutely wrong
about Farscape and rich is absolutely
wrong about doctor that's the thing
that's fine that's fine
oh of course
what'd you do I got hit by a ball well
not really a ball Monica
trap in the wall that shoots arrow
things Tiki trap sure great Emory 801
that says Jack the Great and Powerful I
just got a blu-ray player are there any
movies slash TV shows I should buy I
don't know man okay I just this right
here's the real thing about me is I got
a blu-ray player like two weeks ago
because my brother-in-law had an extra
one and the only thing I've played on it
so far DVDs I don't care about blu-rays
yeah I stream everything 100% everything
if it's not available through Netflix or
Amazon I don't watch it that's that's
almost the truth about me there are very
few things I have left on DVD
there's a bunch of great b-movies now
coming to blu-ray with extra
commentaries and documentary so if
you're interested in that I wrote
working on that but I stream everything
okay mr. mr. waka waka says this my
problem is not that Jack dislikes
Farscape
I specifically disagree that the
characters motives are unclear yeah so
that's what mr. waka waka says yes
so mr. waka waka in the first five
episodes named me a time in which our
main character John Crichton has ever
mentioned wanting to go home and what
will happen is he will not find that
moment you will not find him talking
about wanting to go home and you will
not find him trying to get home to
Planet Earth in the first five episodes
because I just watched them over the
weekend and it does not include your
first priority be staying alive the
moment-to-moment ones represent he's a
complete fish out of water
yeah I mean they make a point in those
first five episodes that he doesn't even
know how to open the space stores yeah
yeah I remember I remember that but and
like I said if you compare it with a
show that's it's very comparable to like
a Star Trek Voyager right there is
generally in Voyager a line of dialogue
or some sort of movement towards earth
right like that's a general thing is
earth is six million light-years that
one right so let's head that way and
then they get caught up in the
day-to-day just staying alive stuff what
about what about junk right is daily
audio logs to his father so far he's
only done one of them in Episode two
so well you you have watched the first
five episodes I'm sure that never
happens again this is all I'm saying is
it hasn't happened I'm not saying it
never happens okay saying it hasn't
happened and because it hasn't happened
there is a weak character motivation
weak to non-existent character
motivation right no no this is 100%
correct
I am absolutely correct in this if they
don't mention or do anything
there is no motivation that is just a
thing that happens 100% I'm sure later
mr. Wacka Wacka says later he's obsessed
with getting home and I think that'd be
great that would be a great motivation
five episodes is how deep I'm into it he
does get kind of obsessed great Jack
needs characters to repeat their
motivation every episode or else he
forget it exists no I I want to know
what they're thinking and doing that's
what helps me understand what's going on
so he's busy being being fun and hitting
on me does the female piece people and
not doing nothing this is that this is a
thing week
to be fair Jack only watched four
episodes since episode one and two are a
two-parter sure that's fair
oh oh
you've only watched four episodes well I
watched the first five and Netflix and
so I'm sure I've only watched four fair
enough I guess I just can't dig neutral
is saying I should keep watching it to
see how wrong I am but I'm not
this is the thing I'm not wrong about
these episodes I just there's four
episodes right I'm sure like I've said a
million times now we get to this great
characterization but it does not exist
yet so I'm sitting there saying I'm
upsetting you
it's my barks good dog I knew it would
yeah yeah I knew it would upset you I'm
just not into it
repto flux asks Jack where all the white
women at Portland what I said Portland
it's a very white
Portland OR lemon all over the place
it's true it's true statistically
speaking Portland is very white now who
I haven't seen an agent Carter I am I am
actually looking forward to watching
here agent Carter do you know anything
about that I know I know it's the 1940s
woman from Captain America goes on
adventures yeah here's good I hear good
things about it I can't tell you any
more than that
oh okay yeah no I can't tell you there
I've heard it's good I'm looking forward
to watching it Oh a Jimmy Jim five I did
not know that Farscape so 12 years to
make that makes it better
Oh Emory Emory wants to talk about other
shows that I don't like with the chat
logs like Firefly except for I long to
Firefly Firefly was great rich do you
see Firefly I never wanted to get into
it because I know it gets canceled early
mmm so I was like why subject myself to
that kind of heartbreak because it's
great even even through that even with
the heartbreak it's great it's super
fantastic even knowing I mean what
there's eight episodes it's not there's
nothing and it's beautiful that's great
Firefly is great I you know what that
here's here's the the real talking about
Firefly is surrett the movie serenity
kind of like the wrapping up movie yeah
I thought was kind of mad I figured that
bus oh right that's the whole thing it's
like trying to wrap up an entire series
for the floor yeah it's kind of matte
but
fireflies
I should just rewatch Firefly I don't
know when you give it a chance past four
episodes Jack Firefly was great at
episode 100k 100% oh they were 14
episodes great you can do it there's a
but to zoom out ready I just learned
this yes oh that's great
what okay okay Lord gonzo this here
again the problem with nuanced opinions
I never said that The Rocketeer was bad
so settle down The Rocketeer is a
wonderful and great movie I had some
problems with some action sequences
others but that does not make it any
less a wonderful and great movie it just
has some questionable action sequences
now that we've moved on to movies with
better action sequences in hindsight
it's dated it's a little dated but it is
still a wonderful actually nuanced
opinions ok let's talk more about your
terrible taste in medium that's fine if
that is it hey that's what keeps the
blood boiling then I'm fine with it what
games have you been playing Jack I don't
know if I should mention this but I've
finally accepted my fate and then have
been picking up and playing The Binding
of Isaac yeah it should be noted that I
am officially on bad terms with the
people over at nycos
because no one has ever answered my
series queries that's the word I was
looking for no one has ever answered any
of my messages about the PlayStation
save bug probably nothing they can do
but they could at least tell you then an
email saying that there's nothing they
could do would have been very much
appreciated after my multiple messages
and tweets at them have gone unanswered
I have decided to just accept my fate
and restart plan / so even though I very
much enjoy the gameplay there is a
little twinge of sadness every time like
I unlock something that I of course I
unlocked months ago but yeah yeah are
you happy that I'm unhappy
have you played that one loaned you the
ps3 for for maybe talking about it I
have I had I don't think I've gotten to
the section you were talking about I
have and yeah I mean yeah it's terrible
but I'm gonna get to that I figured I
didn't necessarily need to specifically
play that I just need to a screen
capture of what you talk but
no I'm not gonna I'm not no no this is
not Edmunds fault I do not blame Edmund
McMillen for this because he you know he
didn't code this version
Michaels did I'm upset at Tyrone
Rodriguez who was Project Lead who I
follow on Twitter and I'm upset at
Michaels in general because I emailed
them directly this is not Edmunds fault
do not bring him into this he made a
wonderful and great game but Jack
Michaels is a small company are you
really that upset that they didn't
answer your Damn emails yes 100% not
because they're a small company because
I'm a customer and I had a complaint
about the product that I bought a
product by the way that I've bought
three times I've purchased their game on
PC Vita and ps4 because I'm such a big
fan of it I had an issue with their
product and they did not answer the
issue I had with their problem so I
don't care how big their company is if
you make a product you should be able to
answer for so yes like I I recently had
a problem with an electric kettle it was
leaking I bought an electric kettle
because I make coffee and I emailed the
company my problem and I didn't even I
didn't have my receipts I didn't have
anything I emailed them some pictures of
the problem I was having it was leaking
they fixed it for me it took a while you
know they weren't right um right on the
spot with it it took a while but they
fixed it it was great it's great camera
my new kettle works great
anyway though sorry I'm still very upset
about losing my golden God Satan it's
okay
it burns it burns a little bit it was
tea kettle night again you're right I
was having tea kettle night and my
kettle had a leak in it every time I put
water in it and a slow leak I have a
drip funnel for the bass I have a
pour-over and so I using kennel for my
pour over come for coffee
I bought a products and the product was
defective and the company fixed it
that's what should happen when you make
something when you make something and it
doesn't work you need to address the
thing that doesn't work about it that's
capitalism that's how business should
work John Keeler are you giving me shit
is that what you're doing John kilo says
sorry I gave it a fair chance I played
through the first four rooms but his
motivation wasn't clear thank you John
kilo that made these I think Jam kilos
giving this shit
avenge 11 behold yes Isaac does say that
he wants to get out of the basement
well they say at the beginning of the
game but they don't mind you every level
they say they say during the cutscenes
you're right and I usually skip the
cutscenes but Isaac's motivations are
very good I shot first says Jack hates
every game that isn't Doctor Who right
everything everything is terrible all
the time
music everybody I haven't been listening
to much music I've been I've been
editing things that require me to listen
a venge dilemma tea fold thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
five months in a row thank you thank you
well I avenged 11 tea Bowl you've put up
with us for five whole months he
probably hasn't seen the opening
narration yeah I have seen the opening
narration they're trying to be clever
right there right there absolutely right
arkhan thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
these past five months with you two
that's that's great I think it's great
you understand that TV shows and video
games are different
Ryan life
Dec rich would you recommend me by the
Space Quest collection from GOG or steam
well rich is usually a fan of Gog you
don't have to have steams person to play
it you just install it when you want and
yeah it's yours
the the question more so if you're not a
crazy person like riches do you care
about things like you know steam
achievements and other people knowing
what you're playing this team have
achievements I don't I have no idea I
have no idea but you know if you care
about what people know that you're
playing or hours catalog then get it
through Steam if not good if you do I
got it through gog because if it's a
matter of a convenient like launching
your games from Steam yeah you can take
a shortcut and link that to steam like I
can actually launch mine on Steam games
from Steam just by linking the shortcut
to the library yeah oh that's also yes
you can you can plane on Steam games in
steam so but I
I think gog like I got the first three
Space Quest through gog and just because
they had a really great sale going on so
check the sales wherever you can get it
cheaper get it that
future future J there they're bringing
up some points which I'd like to refute
Jack rich Star Trek and into the next
generation would start with the
captain's prologue but not always say in
the episode that their goal was peaceful
exploration oh no your failure to show
motivation no because you know what they
did during those episodes peaceful
exploration they did the thing instead
of talking about it yeah what a what a
waste of a good point he's your future
do they okay no they they showed what
they were doing whether it was you know
going to the trade thing or the whatnot
in the who's of day they they explored
every episode so we knew that by
watching if sowed
so in spelunker what makes the ghosts
come does it just randomly mess with you
I don't know avenge eleven default like
I didn't figure that out in time I think
it was a time I think it was a set time
where like every two and a half minutes
the ghost would come and mess with you
but I couldn't figure it out yes I know
I'm getting very good with dying in this
game chat
oh they're saying your shield is on your
back for the arrows
alright alright I usually like to avoid
them all together cuz I don't have to
worry about not being lined up right oh
hold on a sec ex Mensa thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
seven and we haven't been doing this for
seven or eight months it's insane octo J
says he's been subscribing for nine holy
fuck SN goos thank you for subscribing
we really appreciated these past three
months have flown by as Nagumo's people
give me this shit this game is very
difficult you people try it
I was I was letting Lisa know of all the
shit I was getting for not liking
Farscape yeah that's that's what I use
that's why I meet at my microphone so I
could talk to her real quick right she
cheered me up she let me know that does
fuckin psycho so she's wrong to their
family if people are wrong yeah sure
what a miserable
you hate Farscape I'm dying at this game
this is like the Empire State Strikes
Back of prereq oh yeah yeah yeah you're
right now we need a Jack and Lisa versus
rich and caring stream is there a
four-player game we could do probably
just cinnamon says Jack wrong about
Farscape Packers Emory 801 I don't know
what you do about heartburn I don't
often get heartburn
Tom's thumbs see their terms are
ridiculously expensive invasive surgery
I think Tom's probably the better option
I've heard that several cases of
heartburn can be attributed to the
hydration and so just making sure that
you are drinking more water I know that
was a problem my dad had a while ago
where he was getting like constant
really bad heartburn and eventually his
doctor just like kind of went through
his diet with him and he was drinking
almost no water throughout the day and
so the doctor just like drink fucking
eight glasses of water like you're
supposed to and his heart burn burn
didn't go away but reduced significantly
to where he no longer needed to take
medication okay okay um if that doesn't
work I've heard great things about
prevacid that's like the day it like
take daily heartburn medication yeah
yeah again I'm not a super authority on
it as I do oh I'm so dumb
yeah but I also drink a ton of water a
day and eats relatively well and so that
could be why don't have Arthur so these
are things to take into you consider is
eight considerations I talk funny I
gotta be near some kind of checkpoint
staging
I really doubt about that
I forgot about that the the chat is now
saying Jack wrong about Farscape right
about water I guess you gotta be right
about something
there you go I've heard right Jack's dad
drank four glasses of water but stopped
because he didn't feel the waters
motivations never gonna and I don't care
oh that's fine
no relation what this man knows is water
I drink a lot of water I Pete Johnson
I'm peeing right now said a little fag
Jack do you enjoy a nice game of chess
no I don't enjoy chess I'm terrible at
it I am awful at chess - yeah there
there are people who are good at chess I
I don't have the mental fortitude to
think that far in advance
I can't think two or three moves ahead I
can only look at the board and won't
think of my next move I don't understand
yeah no no I'm gonna I got through that
area that's good oh okay great
make the subtitle for prereq I've heard
great things about preface it Evel
knieval we might have gotten your anime
package rich did you see anything at the
studio for us I don't pick up the mail
kneeble me both sent us an anime package
meaning what with different animated
movies and series maybe well probably
not gonna do anything with it because he
said yeah I don't know I don't know
great but has I haven't heard about okay
yeah we've neither rich nor I get the
mail so mbpo box is not checked daily so
as of right now the answer is no and
rich remember the trap they're saying
remember the trap I don't know what that
means
jonbi 820 yes I finished the first
season of attack on Titan and that's all
that's available through Netflix right
now and I rather enjoyed it
really fun little anime I heard some
people complain about the pacing of it
but it seemed normal to me
I haven't watched recent anime but it
also you know it's it's slower paced it
takes a long time for them to do
anything but I thought it I lost the
shield and I lost the helmet and the
sword oh that's I'm sorry no I mean I'm
not super sorry but you know I want you
to succeed in general rich
I wonder what loose get to a fucking
checkpoint such madness yeah
attack on Titan gets crap fast later in
a mighty the first season was all
righted it ended a little anticlimactic
leo or shit whoa whoa
you know I was all fuck did you well I
can't wait to see what the sample it's
fine it I was I was really hoping that
there's a big build-up to the final oh I
see I see what's that
there's a big buildup on attack on Titan
to like this final battle and it was a
little anti convict second season is
next year I believe that's I mean I
might pick it up again I'm not oh yeah I
don't even get a checkpoint near that
thing
you don't you have to start from the oh
wow that's great I love it
that's no bad bit that's a bit out
that's harder the balls I'm lovin this
game is hard yeah that's great
old school hard you can do a rich get
good
yeah now this is Jack loves bad things
sure and went on I didn't say in love
with that I know that it was good a
little a little overdramatic if I'm
giving it the full criticism but you
know that is to be expected whoo and
watching anime that that should never be
unexpected when watching anime
everyone's screaming about their
emotions at top capacity and sounds
dreadful it's you know it's it's a thing
you know what you're getting into but
you fought janam and you know it's
people screaming about their emotions
and making big grand speeches on
morality and then giant things fighting
and ripping off faces it's fine
yeah exactly it's fine thank you jerk
store I'm glad that you love Taylor
Swift - I don't love all Taylor Swift
it's just this recent album like any of
her country music stuff I don't give a
shit about it but this new album is very
poppy very nice one or two more attempts
and I got to switch to something else
okay
do it this game is broken me I see the
people are suggesting you play
Battletoads I get it I get it yeah no
jimmy-jam five if you're watching an
animated feature and at one point a girl
might be raped by tentacles you're
watching pornography not not a regular
anime you're watching an animated
pornography play FTL for cash thank you
for subscribing
do you already subscribe a little bit
ago in any case thank you we very much
appreciate it
waffle taeil wants to know if I've
played super crate box I have I have
super crate box for my Vita it's a fine
little time kill I haven't gotten very
far on it it's very very hard but it's I
think I got it for like 50 cents so it
was definitely worth the 50 cents that's
a fun little neat little game super
crate box one level and was runner ish
with shooting guns but anyway man that
man oh that was play FTL for money
ah which we have a play FTL for money
and play FTL for cash I wonder what
they're looking for you know what I kind
of want to play FTL now this visit is my
last attempt on Boulder tonight
here's here's a very serious question
that I would like to answer yeah bones
19 says Jack have you ever cuffed your
hand over your ass before farting and
then the smell dear hand immediately
afterwards no no and I will 100% judge
if you say the answer is yes I've
smelled my own farts before because you
know that smell can sometimes reach my
nose but I have never intentionally
cupped the smell in my hand it's fish
bus thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated
fish bus huh fish bus it's fish bus
what rich minimum between Farscape in
this my night is turn to shit oh no I
guess I have to play FTL now that's
right Chad I'm off the trolley you're
off the trolley
jianming meets 8:20 I'm off the trolley
cutter damn thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
these and that's not quite so sincere
because you've only been you know four
months Oh fine
slightly sincere mostly it's mostly
sincere what do you know jack you hate
Farscape I do I really do I didn't like
because you know I here's the real thing
like I watched the first couple of
episodes and overall it was it was fine
you know like I wasn't blown away I
didn't hate him I like I said before I
loved the the charming puppetry and
character design Jack has no motivation
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate is hilarious that's
great oh rich yep
they want you to name your characters
after the crew from farce
