Episode 027
Rich is Even more Slightly Less Awesome - TL (Part 2)
February 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hzRbY_GHik
___________________________________________

I will never stop digging I will make
deficient what I cloaked and I still got
hit twice I don't know jack any advice
for some casual board games for my
family game night casual munchkin is a
nice easy game to get people going if if
you don't want to spend any money on a
board game you could always play a game
like werewolf or mafia as it's also
called where you can just use a deck of
cards and you know that's basically like
a lying board game where you all get
different characters and then everyone
like you know closes their eyes and the
bad guy opens his eyes we played a game
like that recently called the resistance
Ritchie have you ever played that where
there there's the resistance and then
there's the evil Federation and the
resistance is trying to win in the evil
Federation Federation has spies and then
the spies tried to plot against the
resistance and so everyone lowers their
head and closes their eyes and then the
two spies look up and acknowledge each
other and then without signalling that
they're despise to each other they have
to kind of work together to dismantle
the resistance and it's all basically
just lying to each other it's fun it's a
fun it's a fun little excuse that gotta
live it kids how to lie it teaches your
kids how to lie correct that seems like
a bad idea
depending on the age of your family
we've been playing with with my
six-year-old Catan Junior which is kind
of a light version of Settlers of Catan
which is very fun kind of teaches them
the basics of the trading mechanics and
very nice we've also been working on a
simplified version of attack on Tokyo or
what is that did you play that with us
today no I mean I don't remember so
guess what it doesn't matter you're so
wrong about Voyager that it hurts and
whatever listen opinions these are mine
Jack if you have a tabletop stimulator
on Steam you can play Victoria
lighthouse on the hill oh that's great
enough king of Tokyo thank you now for a
king of Tokyo there's a game called king
of Tokyo where you all were you each
player's giant monsters and you try to
take over you try to destroy all the
other monsters it's a really fun game
we've been working on kind of simplified
rules of that so I came to could play my
dorm room has no oxygen in it okay so
it's also damaged so I can't close the
doors to seal you know keep the action
yeah yeah it's gonna be a tricky repair
job I can do it okay I got a stagger
people in and out of her okay my
favorite cards against humanity' card I
don't have one because I don't like
cards against humanity' no good
that's good oh that's great thank you
for the link to the betrayal esteem game
there's also king of New York great I
think I thought this might we might have
talked about this on an on an earlier
stream I don't like apples to apples I
know and I don't like cards against
humanity' for the same reason they're
not games you know they're not actual
games I think they're they're games with
very subjective rule base and so they're
they're not consistent games and cards
against humanity' is basically a
vulgarity simulator it's it's an excuse
to stand around and say awful things to
each other and to me I don't need the
card so I can just stand around in a
group of people we can say awful things
and that's fun enough I just like so it
doesn't it doesn't make sense to me
cards against humanity' fire in my
action room
yes yeah here's another controversial
decision for Jack as I don't like cards
against humanity' I just don't
understand it cuz why not just get into
an awful vulgar conversation with your
friends and laugh about the things you
make up in your head rather than read
things that other people have made up
like you can do it yourself it's more
fun that way 125 obviously I don't have
drone control but what's tried to
recovery but what drug drug recovery are
that means uh at the end of metal you
get Thrones back you know you don't use
the bump if they weren't destroyed they
go back yeah but what good would it do
you if you don't have drone control well
I could buy one later er no no I'm sure
it's easier to find the drone control
than it is the drone recovery on but
right now I think okay yes user to 771
penises that's very good good job it's
very clever oh fuck
I'm completely cut off in the exit fuck
if this if this fails we're done for the
night I gave it three shots yeah yeah
not my night no definitely not my
fucking night I think yeah I'm very
sorry but this is not your night the
name of that lying game is called the
resistance and the basics of the game is
you know we were playing with five
people so three people were part of the
resistance and two people are spies and
so then what happens is you take turns
choosing a team and let's say I have to
choose three people who are on my team
oh I don't I don't have to meet the
fleet just barely oh that's fucking
great and so I have to choose three
people who are gonna be on my team and
then those three people anonymously
choose for the mission to fail or
succeed and if one of them is a spy they
want the mission to fail and so I need
to figure try to figure out who's a spy
and who's part of the resistance in
order to get all my missions to succeed
and so then like if a mission fails
there's a little math involved so it's
like okay I know one of those three
people
was a spy but I don't know which three
and so then the three people have to
kind of make their case and it's it's
it's a nice little fun game and you know
it's what's extra fun is when you play
with the same group a couple times you
get to know people's line patterns this
way it's really fun
they want to surrender they're offering
me six missiles
I have no missile launchers ibaka big
you think I should accept their offer
absolutely just to see what happened you
should take their missiles and then
shoot Oh excellently quit blow them up I
got I got Omo I got like a lot more
scrap oh great one fuel nope no missiles
though any missiles oh good hello Draco
you are right the resistance is more fun
than mafia because everybody plays every
round of the resistance you're
absolutely right that's more fun hi my
name is space cap you're welcome for
signing I'm Jack on your space cop
poster that's how I sign stuff I sign it
with I'm Jack he does I do he does
because I thought it's the most bizarre
thing I've ever seen I thought it was
funny and I still think it's funny so
obviously I'm wrong this is the it's a
therapy thing yes you're right what so
when you cloak I think some people are
confused about your cloaking ability it
just adds to your evasive yeah yeah
people there's still a small percentage
that they can hit you but it just helps
you evade to where it's you know almost
certain that they won't but yeah you
could
is that gonna hit another room yes I
shot first no not mafia the PIA the
playstation 2 game there's a simple card
game called mafia it's another way to
play it is where it's called werewolf
and it's just a very simple game that
you you can basically use a deck of
cards to determine how it plays you
don't need any game pieces it's like a
party game I dunno what day it is it's
Sunday you know I know that because
we're streaming that's the only reason
we know that it's the only reason I know
what day it is for streaming and I'm
streaming from home so it must be Sunday
or else I'd be at the studio
all right that's not so bad this time oh
no oh no no no nothing wrong I was just
making sure is it Monday there already
oh I suppose in in a in 22 minutes it'll
be Monday but for us it is still Sunday
its 1138 p.m. here so it is still Sunday
for us Central Standard Time
um I I have no specific whiskey
preference user2 77221
I don't drink much hard alcohol anymore
so I'm not like a whiskey connoisseur
I'm sure it's fine any sort of real
whiskey and coke is fine with me
it's 6:30 8 a.m. Monday here oh my god
cause burn go to bed or go to work or
what are you want
what are you doing absolutely getting
out of this rich Evans thank you for
subscribing I really appreciate it
rich I really appreciate you subscribing
it means so much to me that you would
care you can't you care enough to do
that you guys should advertise as
streaming four days of the week oh my
god you told Iran we are doing by the
way someone someone was asking me on
Twitter about our early European stream
next Sunday we are doing our early
European friendly stream what what time
did we agree upon again listen I think
we said it was it or one one you said
one obviously like we'll probably get to
the studio at noon to set everything up
but I think we are starting at 1 o'clock
p.m. Central Standard Time so that is a
full yes 6-7 hours before we normally
start in in honor of our European
friends we will be playing football
games and then in honor of the Superbowl
we will also be playing football games
yes
all these things much amusement will be
had by how little we know about either
sport but especially football the the
Super Bowl screen unfriendly Australian
New Zealand room I mean it our our
stream can't be more unfriendly than it
is now for anyone who's from Australia
or New Zealand I can't imagine or maybe
it is I don't know all right who wants
to be a boring old human being I mean
all of them on the ship that's totally
not going to blow up who wants it well
the pizza roll well the pizza roll what
drivers the product what do they need to
say or they just need to say I want to
be anything me somebody said me and that
was rlm reference there you go there you
go there you go all right you're gonna
be our janitor go with the janitorial
closet that's what that symbol means
little closet door
you're not janitor get the word up some
fuzzy scallywag you say scallywag in the
future of course everybody does how do
they stop saying I did some point oh you
crazy mm or not using scallywag it's all
the rage get on the trolley that one's
been done to death we don't say that
they got six scallywag 24:16 he was a
good question from the rock creations
Rick rich and Jane other than working at
red letter media do you guys have other
jobs well first of all tree recreations
this is Jack I'm here with rich I think
people are used to Jay being here Jay
usually Jays usually here for the
Wednesday streams so that's fine but we
talked about this Rich's only job is red
letter media yeah which includes things
like previously recorded I also there
you know I don't work for red letter
media at all I do my own video pretty
telling them to go home I just don't you
know
thanks to your kind subscriptions I get
a little bit of money from these live
streams and I do my own video production
work so I work full-time as a freelance
video producer and editor and then you
know help out with best of the worse
than other filming stuff for by letter
media so
this is what we got it's true
they fired yeah they fired me the same
day that I met Jay and Mike which is the
first the first time I shot with them
for the Grabowski they they had me come
in to play Frank hammer on the gravel
skis and after we were done shooting
they fired me and I just kept coming
back so I did I was a homeless man and I
wandered into Arlen one day it happened
to you too
you could also be fired by rlm yep
I just got better and I said hi I'm Jack
yep and I just don't leave that's what
happened that's exactly what happened
freelance editing ditches just editing I
don't get my money just from editing
like you know someone hands me footage
and says edit this mostly it's in
producing you know and so it's like I
have a production company with my
brother and we work for local businesses
and larger businesses creating TV
commercials web contents in house like
promotional stuff you know where someone
like a the president of a corporation
wants to make a video for them to show
to all of his employees or at functions
like that it's all very boring it's all
very very boring stuff so oh I wish it
was okay to do something stupid do you
want to do something stupid and they've
got the vulcan at the store
oh this not does not synergize well at
all with my cloaking cuz one channel one
channel take me out of cloak sure and
that thing needs to shoot a lot before
it gets up to speed ah god dammit god
dammit I never run into the cloak of the
volca never never I'm very very sorry
automated reloader that does synergize
well
two questions in a row Jack why won't
you grow that sweet beard again because
I like the the whole shaved look I think
it works for me and Jack do you like
your job yes love it love it love it
yeah you kind of have to because it
consumes a lot of your time when you
work freelance and when you work in as
competitive and industry as I work in
and I enjoy it even on jobs I don't
enjoy I enjoy it if that makes any sense
Jack the producer I also heard you made
videos for funny okay yeah Funny or Die
was a client of mine and I would make
videos for them I haven't made one for
them in a while but they've kind of gone
a different direction with more in-house
producers so and that's fine I still
have a good relationship with them cool
funny you're dying yeah I mean I still
like all those guys I see them often
whenever I'm in Los Angeles and know
many people who still work there we keep
in contact but they have they've moved
to an entirely in-house system where
before they were kind of farming stuff
out to freelancers and working more with
a wide community of producers and now
it's all I know so which is fine
sounds like Jack makes future we love
the worst videos some of them yes yeah I
mean see that's literally it's like
sometimes that's what a client is
looking for where they're like hi I have
this product and I just need to show
what this product does to new employees
so they know what our products does and
it's like okay so that's what I do it
wait wait that was an automatic reload
er what there's an automated reloader
you was looking at you were looking at
myself scream oh okay right do I travel
a lot for work yes not you know not like
I don't know what's a lot I I traveled
multiple times in a year for yes go here
go there I consult a lot spur videos
30 scrap for a random mission 90s and
that's sometimes top when I a lot of
times like I'll come in to consult on a
job where they just want me to like
punch up a script or be there to help
add comedy to it and sometimes I don't
know exactly what the project is until I
get there so it's hard to be funny but
yeah and you know go here go there
it's always fun okay we now have a
mantis remember ooh nice I'm gonna give
them to the first subscriber that does
not want to be on my ship oh so the
first person this is not me yeah okay
people haven't heard them yet there's
people were saying maybe no no the
corpse watts is noisy B and O ie I don't
know how to oh here no he just did it
first the corpse lots is not me okay
okay you know so what was that that was
corpse a lot that was the corpse a lot a
corpse of course was that cor P okay
just a sec EA l OT he was quick with the
typing that corpse a lot man the
surrender of yeah good son prepare to
secure the cargo by force shall we go
sure tails of interests Jack any words
of advice to a creative type and stuck
in a no motivation lull how do you get
yourself motivated well for me that's
how I eat and so if I don't make things
I don't eat so that that motivates me
and see rich knows you know no but
seriously
it's I have no real advice you just have
to do something even if you don't want
to even if what you think you're doing
is going to be terrible because you're
not feeling the creative juices you have
to do something anyway an object at rest
tends to remain at rest and an object in
motion tends to remain in motion you
know that is fucking physics right there
final fuck you shot that's and that's
what exactly what'll happen if you're
not motivated they'll give you that fuck
you shot you know they're all battles
sorry bitch I keep taking your game
thing and trying to make it as if you're
talking no that's fine that's my thing
that's my schtick right now I think I
think it's funny so so that's the real
thing is motive motivation is all in
your head and I have a couple projects
that I work on like writing exercises or
or editing special effects videos or
just the stuff that I do when I'm not
feeling the project I'm working on just
to keep me moving and that's that's the
hardest part is you have to keep moving
even if you think it sucks you can
always fix it later that's the one thing
the one really great piece of advice
that I found is you can always go back
and fix it just do something write
something down it's so great
inertia that's right that's bad physics
that's good physics laws of physics
equal human psyche it's really true it's
really really true
and yeah I'm all self-taught I I've
never I didn't go to school for
filmmaking I didn't take any classes I
just started learning I just started
making videos and then eventually people
gave me money to make videos which is
great oh I am storm fuck oh Jesus Christ
hate nebulas well that's right I don't
know how to pronounce your name you sure
man you can you can edit some bad work
you can't edit No the worst movie is
better than the best idea because it's
done right all right a lot of scrapping
a bomb could be worse could be worse
saying that a lot this run our night I
mean by but you're still going you are
still going and that's the real thing
and no user to 77221 I've never made
porn I did apply to be a an editor for
pornography really yeah cuz you know
freelance and so it's just like always
just try to find the next job that's
that's the name of the game and so you
know there is one particular lull where
I just didn't have any work and needed
it look something so I'm looking at I'm
checking all the the the kind of the
production message boards Craigslist's
all those spaces just like okay you know
putting out my resume to all sorts of
places because I had no work at the time
you know what I found helps huh when
your best friend makes a web video that
gets 5 million hits
and that's always a boost yeah yeah I
think that'll help that does this by the
way that really does help when when you
get when you get a success like that now
what I put in my I put in my resume to a
company who is making pornography and I
said you know sure but I'll do it I'll
I'll have to you know ended it while the
kids sleep because they you know they
can't watch oh yeah and then I was
talking back and forth of this guy and
he said you know we have we have a you
know a bunch of different we have a
bunch of different footage and it would
include man-on-man gay pornography no
and he's like is that something you'd be
comfortable with and thought about it
for a long time and I did what every
freelancer does which is sure yeah you
know which is right for money huh
again rich I really enjoy eating and
you know I absolutely said I would I
never ended up doing it they the company
went under
what would he call I know I don't
remember it was awhile ago it was awhile
ago but uh you know I that's what you do
when you when you are a freelancer you
work for yourself and you never stop
working or else you don't work anymore
but I did I said I would which you know
who knows how long I would have been
able to do it by the way where it's like
I probably would have gotten into my
first scene and just like I can't I just
can't I can't
Oh Jack Jack this edits really great but
there seems to be a lot less fucking
than we were expecting
anyway you could I don't know fix that
no yeah good good yeah death oh how I
longed for death
that's right jack is a homeless person
who has a sign that reads we'll watch
gay porn for food right it's
but I put that job on my resume if I
mean if I would have done it you know
depending on what the next resume was if
it was a resume for another pornography
company absolutely if it was a resume
for any other company I would say yeah
it sounds logical
ain't right no you know I've done a lot
of weird jobs in the in the freelance
market has rich ever done porn I was
actually given a large amount of money
not to yeah you walked into yeah I just
take this go away what you walked into
the brazzers head office started
unbuttoning your shirt oh god no no and
now like so where's that checkbook and
they started writing first might be able
to afford shields
ah see this is the thing animus primal
animus premises Jack did Mike know about
your porn past before he hired you again
I'm not a red letter media employee so I
don't know if Mike or Jay ever knew
about that maybe I'm sure I told them
that's that's just a fun story but and
it's a it's an especially fun story
because I never actually edited born it
would be different and if I was like and
then I felt weird but they gave me money
I know I'm gonna buy these shields and
then I'm gonna head to the other store
I'm gonna have something amazing I'll
let Shayna I was pretty good to that
cost too much to power them us plus I
switched gears and I take the glaive
offline for a while I go with a Pike
beam the chain
in the chain ie I can tell you Oh people
are just asking for more freelancer
stories so you know like I also you know
I wrote real quick I want to interject
somebody said red letter media sounds
like a porn company mm-hmm
we often wonder what the post office
thinks of us because we're in there all
the time just jumping off boatloads of
these packages of CDs you know I love
DVDs and our name is red letter media
and we think that the local post office
thinks we do pornography yeah yeah very
possible it's not I see people saying
red light media right if it was red
light media that's 100% a porn company
red letter media
could have been but uh what what age did
rich looses verginity you know
technically I was in a vagina on the day
I was born think about that one no no
that's not that's not a good place to
start
that's just that's not a good place to
go another freelancer story is someone
asked me to shoot a segment for a
television segment you know I'm just a
general freelancer so you know I shoot
right at it I do a little bit of
everything and so I said sure you know
do you also want me to edit in that no
we just need you to shoot shoot the
segment and hand over the footage no
problem
cameras professional-grade cameras use a
very different format of video than like
a consumer-grade camera just like if you
used something with your iPhone and so I
show up to the shoe and the town's there
and the town was like reading books to
kids and that's a lot two shooters you
know found reading books to kids you
know we might come up with a read the
books easy piece very simple shoot and
the person then you know says okay
here's a hard drive put all the footage
on the hard drive and then I'll just
meet you the next day give me seven I
was like oh great actually I bought my
laptop I can have to put it to you and
it'll take about an hour transmogrified
it's great no problem so you could do
that to give them a lot to give them the
hard drive everything's great
nice easy paycheck I then spend the next
two weeks trying to talk this person who
is producing a segment for television
how to use my footage even though this
is like standard professional codec
they're not used to it on their end and
I keep saying let me edit this for you
it'll be much easier apparently you
don't know what you're doing no no no I
just light what do I need what do I need
isn't he just
it was the most infuriating thing ever
working with that person
it's not like so yeah when you shoot
with the camera it's not just a dot MOV
file it's you know it's it's different
it's in different wrappers I was
shooting with the Panasonic camera on p2
cards it was it was a big deal and so
but they had told me they knew what they
were doing and he did not and so what
should have been a five six our shoot
turned into two weeks of phone
conferences it was terrible
mxf yep you're right that was the
Panasonic p2 mxf bullshit
it's a weird rapper it comes in like two
different files and are actually like
eight different files audio video a
thumbnail and it's all pushed together
this really awful thing and I kept
trying to be very polite with them
because you know obviously has a
freelancer you hope that one job will
lead to the next will lead to the next
yeah yeah yeah yeah turbo Jesus I've
only played smash up a couple times so I
don't have a favorite deck combo so
sorry I cannot be more help
just in general someone asked how I got
into editing I did not go to film school
I got into editing just because it was I
don't know a way to make my things
I started making I started in comedy
just doing like stand-up in comedy bits
and then eventually as the internet grew
people were filming those bits and so I
needed to film my own bits and I didn't
have anyone else around to edit them so
I started editing my bits so it goes
right and it's really just that simple
and I started editing it
I enjoyed it I'm sorry that's right I'm
sorry that can't be a more interesting
story I started eating my my cousin who
I did comedy with I as much he went to
film school and so I would hang around
with his group a lot and so we would
just start shooting stuff and they would
edit and I would kind of learn a little
bit from them and pick it up as I went
along game's great
it was super great 135 scrap has been at
the store Jack okay oh that's a good
amount of scrap oh yeah black in the
house black in the house no none of my
stand-up is posted anywhere I did my
stand-up before video can't video on
cellphones was a normal thing so luckily
none of my stand-up routines are
immortalized anywhere which is great for
me yeah flagging it up locking it up
slack up in house made up you know pizza
guy Lowell XD premiere Adobe Premiere is
becoming the standard but many major
companies still use Final Cut 7 I was
just having a conversation with a buddy
of mine who works for a trailer house
that the company that makes trailers for
movies and they still use Final Cut 7
and their editors are starting the
transition over to Premiere Pro now but
still mostly use Final Cut 7 which is
shocking
bringing it up
a little bit too really on that cloak
I'm gonna get hit with that laser beam
whatever doesn't gonna get hit and that
it's not cool
oh I'm sorry I think it through now one
one one miss the other hit my new
shields great but I'm not gonna be so
lucky with it oh oh thank God for
piloting thank God for piloting
everything good good
cinnamon do you have as if I have any
intentions I'm doing a feature film at
some point yes I would very much like to
you more on the writing and I have
written a couple and I have not written
one in a while but I I enjoy writing
scripts and I would like to eventually
make my own feature-length movie I think
that would be very fun
I like movies and I might make a good
movie but you know probably not I've
gotten so used to making Internet videos
I think it would be very difficult for
me to make a movie but that's why I want
to I want to challenge myself
I don't remember many of my stand-up
joke so I can't do any for you but it
wasn't good I was no good at it my
timing was all off what is Sony Vegas
any good I don't know I've never used
Sony Vegas so I'm very sorry
and I cannot tell you if you should
train ie I use premiere and I love it
you can more so I love that you get the
entire Adobe suite for 50 bucks a month
and I think when it starts off you get
it all for 30 bucks a month which is an
incredible price for premiere vodka
Photoshop Illustrator just everything
you could ever need the entire suite for
making for a very small price but you
know it's whatever works for you
rich gun jumper Evans what what does
that mean
where'd I jump the gun huh I don't know
I don't
apparently something would I make a
feature film starring rich Evans
absolutely why would you want to do that
because you're around acceptable answer
is accepted that's you know there are I
have um I have scripts that you know
would require a budget but sometimes you
know you just need to look around you
and say what do I have available one of
the things this rich Evans one of those
things is rich Evans who I legitimately
believe to be a good actor rich I think
you are a good actor I think you're a
better actor than you give yourself
credit for
that's it yeah I do I think you are and
so I need to think to myself like who do
I have around who can act cuz that's
always the hardest part is finding an
actor I got you and I have I have some
other people I can rely on so yes
secretly I've been filming rich for the
past 12 years
and so I have been working on an idea
that I've been starting to write stuff
down for feet that would star rich Evans
I'm not ready to talk about it yet
though as it will probably go nowhere
because a lot of times I'll just come up
with an idea and as a writing exercise
write down a couple pages just to keep
my brain fresh
mmm-hmm rich Evans is America's
Sweetheart you're right John B 8:28 says
Jack everything is possible right that's
true John be a 20 everything is possible
an object in motion tends to remain in
motion it's all you got to remember it's
all I got her over so if you just keep
doing stuff then eventually you'll do it
I ride as hard me right which is good
turbo Jesus diet wants a doctor Mario
and surgeon simulator Springs sure I do
want a place where you can sit over
there I think someone gifted it to you I
haven't I just own it
I bought it it sounded up using
octo generate an object in motion tends
to remain in motion unless an outside
force is applied but I feel like a lot
of the forces that would stop you are
not actual forces the made up forces so
you just got to give yourself another
little push forward keep pushing
when are you publishing your book of
motivational things they're not my
second I just I just take stuff and I
write it down and put it on my wall to
motivate me and then when I need
motivations I look up at my wall of
stuff that has writings on it and I say
that's right do you not do that
obviously not cause you're laughing at
me yeah sometimes it helps cues me look
I don't believe in motivation you know
you do what you do because you have to
do it that's a cruel dark grim world ah
no no because it's a cruel dark grim
world that's true it's a curled art grim
world unless you're motivated
lessons of life damn right I can't get
through their shields Jack the locker
room I don't think so
I do not have a poster of a cat on my
wall Oh rich they're saying if you
switch the order your weapons are in if
if your weapons get hit the it won't
restart the beam charge if I switch the
order well it goes from right to left so
it actually what did the glaive if I
switch they were first right
okay I think you're right yeah yeah it
hits the flag first and then the glaive
yeah
I have to flee this one I mean you know
do it you can I get some all them good
am i channeling and Rand I know that's
how you pronounce that
I'm Rand there's debate I don't know
that there sure no she did she there's
that she wrote a note to someone really
yeah
and she it's I'm I'm gonna call her and
ran because fuck that bitch you know if
she was a bit harsh
I ran was funny
where-where's like you know everyone
everyone should should do whatever they
want to do only if they're the absolute
best in their field all the time her
books are funny
I think our books are funny do you like
do you like men who are so good at what
they do they don't listen to anyone else
and they end up winning because they're
the best at everything yeah I ran that's
literally what her books are about now I
never read that lestrade I read that the
Fountainhead and I enjoyed the
Fountainhead because it was about a guy
who didn't listen to anyone else because
he was the smartest most handsome best
worker best architect ever and he always
won because he was the best at
everything ever so it's a funny book
mmm Fiero sludge boy are you dissing on
Nancy farmer cuz if you is we gonna have
words the only the only Nancy farmer
book I know is a super great book called
the ear the I in the arm and that's a
that's one of my favorite childhood
books the year the I and the arm it's
beautiful it's about it's about a group
of South African children who run away
from home and go missing and so they're
they their mud their parents hire a
supernatural detective agency man it's
great
mm-hmm but I want to Lantis clue their
crew member what are the Lantis to again
they suck oxygen out of any room they're
in Oh or 39 scrap I mean how much could
you use an extra crew member I'm not
especially much though I'm fucking take
the scrap that could be useful for a
boarding strategy but I'd want to before
I fuck around with that at least sure is
that you're thinking noise
Oh God that's a terrible thinking that
hurts no one in the chat wants the
interesting take the scrap has has
general consensus on the land has become
that they're they're terrible I mean all
right yeah I see a couple land us to see
a couple land I saw a lot of don't do it
alright we'll take the scrap sure the
chat is spoken Oh God yeah and rain came
out of extreme communism as a child so
like she she had that work ethic but she
also like God shit load of fucking drone
ships Oh Oh God
I might just power up my engines to flee
to that nearby store I'm not fucking
around with this shit
yeah hundred percent good neither Oh God
the engines aren't charging fast an
object what am I going to do the fire
missiles all your missiles and fire I
could see that I get 100% see that they
would be perfect for fire in your oxygen
room oh my god rich they're totally
right you should have got that lantus
and put them in your oxygen no time talk
talk bad talk bad getting destroyed Oh
God this might be it
oh my god
I need to get out of here quickly
damn it oh no did you time Jim it oh are
you gonna die
I'm done I'm dead it's over oh I'm so
sorry rich was it a victory but did I
did I get why isn't telling me goddamnit
I don't know
fine I've never won oh wait well this
doesn't have my other sage though this
is all weird information yeah I'm sure
I'm sure I've beaten it with that ship
on above easy you're right it's the
curse of iron Rand we started talking
about iron Rand and your ship blew off
bridge yeah yeah I don't you know what
that'll learn you Letta learn there
right there we're gonna end it with the
pleasant tones of FTL I like that I like
the pleasant tones a bit feel I got far
enough to feel good though it wasn't
like those early runs where I got
destroyed so sure that's good that's
good and you're right user 2 77221 why
do we fall down that's that's funny
will you ever stream civilization they
they have they have the last four
letters capitalized for absolutely no
reason
Sibyl is a Shah civil as a tea on yeah
basically civilization
suzay
tea all yeah yes RL I'm reference you
were an excellent janitor that ship blew
up but it blew up clean mmm spotless
spotless shiny flakes of chrome are now
scattered throughout the universe people
will pass these scraps of burnt metal
and say wow that's clean I could eat off
of that if it weren't floating in space
rich would you be willing to accept
$5,000 and I were to fly down to
Milwaukee so that you can smother me
between your thighs until I turn blue
nothing gay just an MMA style leglock
sure sure I'll do that for $5,000 how it
wasn't as long as there's nothing gay
about it I'm engaged
is this the cash up front
oh yes yes cash up front okay so there's
no guarantee on shade of blue or a
bounce of time I'm gonna be your manager
here rich and all the details I'll cut
you in for 10% perfect that perfect well
we're done we're done for the night chat
but you're right Master of Orion it's
about time I stream that game yeah I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna guarantee
next time I'll play Master of Orion but
coming soon coming soon
great we'll get some mood to in here
okay I'm down I'm 100% down was the
master of a rhyme is there a fire escape
the game yeah there is I haven't played
it no sir I mean ancient kind of game my
shirts
I'm sure it's terrible right right
we probably won't play that yeah yes I
am engaged to a woman a human woman a
human woman she was she was part of the
fucking stream last Wednesday
apparently weren't here for anyone for
anyone who who skipped out on the last
stream you did not get to meet the fianc
wha yeah she was in here she was
chatting with everybody and she was
charming and it was a lovely stream yes
so don't you want she kind of wants to
do what a good she wants no mom she
wants to play monster party that for the
for the nests yeah the NES and then I
think she wants to do bookworm
adventures what she is just she is so
she is so good to ed bookworm adventures
then people will think she's using a
cheap device sure yeah sure
ah she said well just show them my my
Hall of Fame scores no no I'm legit and
I'm like no then they'll really think
you're cheating yeah we should have her
back I agree schedule in three months
from now
now whatever back of course yeah it'll
be fun
so is there anything we need to talk
about I don't I mean before we end the
stream probably huh before we go I think
we should every advertise the weird
start time next Sunday oh okay sure yeah
you're right cuz I'm Super Bowl Sunday
mm-hmm because it it's going to be the
night of the Super Bowl and I don't
imagine we'll get that many people from
from the US here I'm not imagining most
of you guys are gonna want to watch the
Super Bowl so what we've decided to do
is we're going to do a Eurocentric
stream because hey the Europeans they
don't care about the Super Bowl and B if
we what that means we'll be starting
earlier so we might get some US viewers
to some of you might show up if we start
earlier so we're gonna start on some day
at 1:00 in the afternoon 1 p.m.
Central Standard Time for the Europeans
so they can so they can have some fun -
yes
and to give you some context in case
you're unaware of time zones normally on
Sundays we start at 8:30 p.m.
