Episode 029
FTL - The Redemption (Part 2)
February 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMv4x_2f_dA
___________________________________________

yes oxygen you'll be amazed at what
happens next
oh yeah this homeless man asked for five
dollars and you won't believe what god
yeah ten reasons my check Packard is
wrong about Farscape good job leftover
beefcake oh wait no is that you that
said that gave us that's pretty good
nice have you seen clickhole yes Davey
club's version of it is so great
yeah they nailed it I'm really upset at
them for not stealing one of my ideas
but making a video before I could mm-hmm
I wanted to make a video entitled you'd
be amazed they're like you're eating
this food all wrong you won't believe
why you're eating food all wrong I'm
like making like a diet video okay but
just have people like take like pizza
and stick it in their ear oh sure just
like they are literally eating incorrect
Shh and they made that thing click Oh
made that yeah it's really upsetting
that happened something I had it all
planned out doing like Timmy Higgins was
gonna come over there's like two days
before that it came out beat me to it
then that weird when that happens though
and it's like someone has the exact same
idea it happens it does happen it's just
weird when spontaneous creation because
it's not just that it happens and it
always seems to happen really close to
when you have the I assure or when you
plan on executing it and yeah there's
something in here I don't know how that
works I don't know how it works either
it came up a lot though when I was
watching videos for Funny or Die you
would see very similar premises all the
time
yeah there was one in particular that I
tried to look more into I tried to like
contact both of the video makers because
it was so similar do you remember the
boPET you know like it was like a little
divisive oh yeah yeah :
yeah yeah like it and it was two videos
that started with them bopping it and
then eventually the Papa told them to do
awful things okay kill your mother
what sure sure um and I was just like do
these people know each other and it was
uploaded to separate videos and I found
out they were in separate parts of the
country were uploaded the exact same day
Oh weird and so they must have shot and
edited around the exact same time but
they're in different parts of the
countries and it was literally they both
start with the Popat and then the boPET
starts telling them to do evil things
Wow it was insane and it's like you
think about that that's an easy premise
that's yeah I can see someone doing that
but the idea there would be to upload on
the same day it's sort of weird yeah Wow
and I couldn't I couldn't get ahold of
them to follow through just like to
figure out I wanted to backtrack their
thought process because I thought it was
so interesting that's crazy
new that's crazy
all right I can't find good weapons so
I'm going with teleportation of mind
control I think mind control I like it I
usually don't do mind control but
boarding seems to be my only I mean do
you want to spend some cash on your haul
yeah the answer is yes sorry salad baked
I didn't mean to scare you with me
telling you to kill your mother but
that's Oh rich they're saying you should
buy bug porn what is bringing that up
but someone just mentioned for the
mantises I don't know maybe what'swhat's
the reference why why then why now I
think they just really enjoyed that race
really enjoy that okay and they wanted
to bring up something they really
enjoyed I guess what I'm saying is
settle down rich what is who really
enjoy someone who's referencing an
earlier stream but like a stream from
months ago a month ago and I thought it
funny so I mentioned its original rich
shot it right down just just poo pooed
it away
mm-hm
trying to think of what else to talk
about I haven't watched anything
interesting lately I haven't seen any
movies lately and then do Busey I
watched John Carpenter's Village of the
Damned but you also listen to his album
well he listened to his that ones I
talked about me was awesome that's what
made me think like because I've seen all
of his great movies so nobody tie it was
like I'm in the mood to watch John
Carpenter movie what have I not seen
recently in Village of the Damned I'd
only seen once cuz it's kind of lame
okay so I watched that looks great it's
a good look at movie so bad it's gonna
meet premise but it's a remake so it
looks like the exact same movie is the
original no it was the last movie that
Christopher Reeve did before his is exha
dent yeah Tim Kirstie Alley and
Mark Hamill is a priest really it's it's
not a terrible movie yeah it's just not
all that interesting the ending is
pretty great because it's it's a movie
about like evil children which I like
evil children movies I guess I'm gonna
go spoilers cuz nobody cares about
Village of the Damned the end of the
movie is cuz it's this town and the
setup is really neat actually it's this
town where the the parameters of the
town everybody in the town just falls
into a coma the exact same time okay
so when they all wake up like a day
later a couple hours later whatever it
is like there there's one part where
they're there at like a like a barbecue
but the guy passed out on the grill so
you know everybody wakes up and he's
burnt to death on the grill sure um but
like ten women in the town were
mysteriously impregnated during the
course of everybody being passed out and
then you know they give birth of the
children and they're all these like
white haired little kids sure it was
sort of connection and bond and there's
something alien like about other evil
children so the end of the movie
Christopher Reeve has them all in a barn
and he sacrifices himself and just blows
the barn up and blows up all these
little children it's wonderful
so it's not certainly not what a job
carpenters best but that's a very
nice-looking movie yeah there that was
in his period word he was not making his
best work I want some cigars it's the
least accurate impressive him good
congratulations rich you win the award
now Lisa and I were after our Farscape
debacle our scada box we tried another
sci-fi show which was kind of equally
mad but a little more interesting to us
called defiance okay I think which has
some of the most dreadful CG sequences
ever seen yeah a sci-fi channel original
no budget and so like it's supposed to
be this like post-apocalyptic alien
I have taken over kind of thing and they
had this like extended Jeep chase
through alien landscape that was I mean
they might have well had put a cartoon
in the middle of the live-action TV show
that's how bad the CG was both been
watching mediocre entertainment I'm
gonna I'm gonna have to go back because
I bet John Carpenter's been on my mind
because of this album I have to go back
and watch all the good ones but I've
seen them all so many time yeah I love
those movies but
subscriber we do Rhines lee thank you
for subscribing I hope you're enjoying
talking about mediocrity that's all we
got right now it's January much Oh Jane
Vulcan Oh sinnerman the John Carpenter's
Masters of Horror episodes I really
liked the first one cigarette burns with
Udo cure I thought that was pretty good
and I was like the first thing he was
directed and got close to a decade what
is it well it was a show on Showtime
called Masters of Horror the premise was
is each episode would be directed by a
different famous horror director oh okay
um most of them were kind of directors
that we're not Masters of Horror for a
couple of decades but there's any
promise and there was some good episodes
yeah he did one for that and the second
season he directed one work I don't
remember the name of it was but a
monster attacked an abortion clinic and
Ron Perlman was in it
I only saw it once I think when it
originally aired so I have to watch it
but I remember that not being so great
I mean solid premise oh absolutely
monster Tex an abortion clinic where
didi Isaac x03 nine thank you for
subscribing
welcome to mediocrity mastery I like
that masters of our masters people that
were at one point okay at least maybe
that part of the title was cut out
Masters of Horror dot a couple decades
ago there's a couple solid episodes it
was never it was kind of a disappointing
show I was looking forward to it
most of the episodes were pretty
mediocre it was two seasons and then I
think there was like a network version
of it
called like fear itself and that ran one
season and unlike NBC or one of those
networks the same basic idea but for
whatever reason a different name yeah
the best one the master Sephora was the
Takashi Miike one called imprint that
was way better than it stood out so much
from the rest of them is really brutal
and cool cool
do you watch American Horror Story no
just thinking of fun I've seen the first
two seasons okay when I started watching
the first season I actually went on the
message board of the red letter media
message board it was like does it get
better because it was like but I watched
the first episode and it was more than
anything it was the editing drove me
nuts okay there's like every second
there was a cut and it was really
distracting it's like calm down like you
can create more atmosphere if you take
your time and it was just like cut cut
cut and it never got path I'd never led
up so that was sort of annoying I'm just
coming got used to it after a while I
think that it's a terrible show all
right but it's really excessive and I
think that's part of the point so I
think they're aware of what they're
doing I think it's certainly contention
aliy trashy I'm still not sure what I
think of that show but the first season
is like oh our house is haunted with a
ghost oh wait there's another ghosts and
in the next episode oh wait there's all
their ghosts and it's just like all
these different generations of ghosts
haunting this one house to the point
where it's is so convoluted
the second season I like a little bit
more because it was in like an insane
asylum and there's some creepy nuns and
shit like that okay but those are the
only ones I've seen the third one I
think just got added to Netflix so maybe
I'll watch it Kathy Bates is on it oh
yes
Oh like that Kathy Bates he's great he's
great things she's great and things in
general hmm never ends what recently
wanted to re-watch misery have you ever
seen misery oh my god she's great that I
haven't seen in a long time
I kind of want to revisit that right now
rich is failing how are you in bad shape
yeah it's all has two points up so if he
gets hit two more times
oh my one missile he's direct oh there
you go no I don't want to waste all this
repairs I mean that's kind of awful I
mean I need to start upgrading the base
ship right I really need to do that
girls who's gonna keep getting fucked
yes yeah I'm with you
well people were saying do not watch
season 3 is that bad I'm curious about
season four cuz it's about a freak show
and that could be fun oh yeah I know
I think that show might be bad I'm not
sure it's bad but I've watched it the
first two seasons I'm still trying to
figure out what they're going for
engaging does not equal good here as
often we spend our time being engaged in
terrible movies
these are things we don't watch black
mirror holy fog black mirror is great
that's not Netflix it's a it's a British
show and it's like an anthology show
like a modern day sort of Twilight Zone
type show Oh
but each episode kind of deals with
modern technology it's sort of more
satirical than Twilight Zone okay oh my
god it's so great the first episode is
prime minister someone get know someone
gets kidnapped and the the ransom demand
they post some video on YouTube the
ransom demand is that I think it's the
Prime Minister he has to fuck a pig on
live TV so the whole episode is
everybody dealing with like this moral
dilemma and him like struggling with if
he should fuck this pig and all these
people try to come up with ways to like
do special effects so that looks like
he's fucking a pig but he's not really
it's so great no it's really well done
this sounds fantastic it's great yeah
like you're fucking a pig and you think
comical but it's played like completely
like sure if someone's life was in your
hands and to save them you had to fuck a
pig like that's what not just fucking
pig you the fucking pig I'm live on live
TV yeah oh my black mirror black mirrors
I can't recommend black me or more all
the episodes are really great okay I
guess there's more than what's on
Netflix I think it's only like six
episodes on Netflix
okay sure and of course for a British
show that's like three seasons yeah
there's a couple really really good
episodes that's great
yeah ooh lost in Technicolor is saying
he sent Patton Oswald a Facebook message
about his new book and how much I loved
it and loved his movies and rlm and he
replied oh that Patton Oswalt's a good
guy what a nice fella he's a good guy
what a nice fella
oh they're just giving episodes now up
like mirror yeah that the first episode
is the pigfucker one that really catches
it okay but there's another one where
it's like everybody has this thing
implanted in their eyeball where they
can like replay on a TV stuff they've
seen their past because it just records
everything that's me and how that ends
up like tearing this couple apart and
it's really dramatic and really good
because he's like obsessed with things
that have happened in her past so she
wants to see it you know replay
something I'm going to watch you should
it's really really good good the other
day I needed something to watch and I
forgot that new the new season of
Sherlock is a lisanna in general okay
that's good I've never watched any of it
it's fine if you like detective show
yeah I do so I like it
and that Benedict Cambridge Cambridge
Bishop we like him and I forgot that the
season there the episodes don't
necessarily have to be anytime and so
you hear I was like oh maybe it's like
half hour hour I can watch that it's
like an hour and 40 minutes oh yeah yeah
and so that's black mirrors the same way
to where episodes are different lengths
there you usually under an hour but damn
British till their first seasons 3
episodes their second seasons 12
episodes or third seasons three episodes
who cares this episode five minutes I'm
thinking about Black Mirror I need to go
back and re-watch those yeah no we won't
spoil any black mirror
but I that's what I will be watching
next that sounds that's not very excited
it's it's really really good and it's
really cinematic like they're really
well shot lots of lots of production
value yeah yeah so used to cheap looking
American TV shows each episode like
they're all right around an hour or a
little bit less but each episode could
be a feature film that's great it was
just expanded a little bit they all look
great
brendan van halen thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it I
mean Jon Hamm is on the Christmas Black
Mirror episode that one isn't on Netflix
I'll have to check that out that's
interesting
Jon Hamm he's a good one yeah he's great
yes I've never seen Mad Men I'd have
just seen him in like guest appearances
and shit he's always really funny like
he's in bridesmaids he's got a small
cock bridesmaids and he's funny in that
he's good and madmen I need to watch Mad
Men the only problem is whenever he's
very sad which is often okay he looks
like a turtle
he does this thing and and just like his
lips jut out in a perfect little
triangle okay and he kind of looks like
a turtle and it makes me giggle every
time he's having a real emotional moment
all right
I've I've never been disappointed by an
episode of madmen but at the same time I
don't seek it out it's like it's just
consistently good but I've never like be
like gotta catch that new episode of man
sure cuz the men it's so bad
Rich's tactus Eisen that's a word
urban Verma says more like Jon Hamm some
am i right you are that is an attractive
attractive man
gobbledygook that's a very straight
that's a strange enough question where
I'm going to talk about it no I can't
imagine that rich has ever tried
e-cigarettes no cigarettes why would you
bring that up you we've talked about
rich not drinking caffeine not drinking
alcohol what I would wear can't can't
give up those e-cigarettes though use
the word thing rich does smoky
cigarettes but the kind with no nicotine
just the vapor he thinks they look cool
we keep telling him they don't yeah
that's really random that's the wrong
thing to bring up really random yeah
well that's the thing he was just random
enough that it caught my attention new
studies there's a YouTube show i watch a
health care are you dude showing about
e-cigarettes we don't know a lot about
him yet no really yeah and the FCC are
not the FCC FDA FDA keeps trying to
crackdown but no studies have been done
on how like okay these cigarettes in
general so right now it's a huge
industry because there's no regulation
oh yeah okay
well I'm gonna give up my e-cigarettes
tomorrow you should you really should or
don't I don't care give yourself cancer
and other diseases from this thing that
we don't know anything about whatever
these cigarettes that are bold new
frontier right
all right so I was America one of the
how does it work that's it sorry I was
trying not to blow up people how do
these cigarettes work you you vaporized
smoke it's it's vaporized liquid and
like the chemical version of nicotine
and so their claim is that because
there's no smoke no like ash no tar it's
better for you
but there's still nicotine particulates
in the air you know like you exhale
chemicals still everybody I know who
smokes cigarettes yeah they do it
because they're addicted cigarettes I
don't know what you get out of nicotine
in the first place
well you're addicted to the nicotine the
nicotine you you would normally you
would get addicted to something because
it makes you feel good or they don't
like me in the first place
nicotine gives you a buzz yeah yeah you
get addicted to it where like if you
don't have it you know why it would
start in the first place yeah knowing
that no like it gives you a buzz it
gives you a little bit of a boost it
makes you a little light-headed it makes
you feel good yeah can't stop yeah yeah
oh yeah it's incredibly this that's yeah
I grew up around smokers I was like this
is the worst yes like no thank you
it was great when I was a smoker
I enjoyed that hell on Oh mostly because
it's a drug and yes drugs I never
understood it was like it make you stink
as as soon as it was really all done as
soon as I was really all quit I felt one
zillion times better sure no doubt about
it yeah but you know
you have your little routine and you
know like now I have a nice healthy
routine and I feel really good about
that good breakfast oh my god now you're
addicted to to a healthy routine yes
but back in the day you know like I have
my cigarette on my drive to school and
I'm just good to go and do this and have
my cigarette here and I need my
cigarette ya know it's it's a it's a
number yeah I'm really not around anyone
that smokes anymore I got no one that I
am around on a regular basis smokes so
it's weird like I was out the other
night and someone said I'm going out for
a cigarette and they went out for a
cigarette and then when they came back
in I was like oh God like the smell was
like ridiculous I know I was I was so
removed for for so long
like there's nobody I'm her own smokes
regularly so you know it was like it was
really like if you I was around you know
people like that more often I'd probably
be more used to it but having been
distant from it for so long now and then
being exposed to it again I was like
Jesus it was his way more prominent
awful yeah I that recently happened to
me as well what a coincidence
and and just you know like it's it's I'm
gonna call it a dank yeah cuz it's worse
than a stink where it's like a bitter
sting it's a stank yep Emma Philip Oh
Bruno thank you for subscribing he's
been with us for the past five months he
or she or they or its I don't mean to
presume I assume and I shouldn't because
it makes an ass out of you and me
yeah I remember you know there's the big
deal about the smoking ban in Wisconsin
oh yeah how long ago was that now six
seven years ago years ago yeah
no negative impact whatsoever wrong
business is faster yeah no not at all
and I remember the the bar that I would
frequent did the scrub down and I was
talking to the bartender's cactus Club
there's a bar that do it they have good
bands by there and nice beer selection
cactus club Milwaukee was good after the
smoking ban they closed down for a day
and just scrub the entire oh yeah sure
just to like wash all the cigarette off
of the walls
I don't stalk with the bartender's
answer is that like a fucking discus no
no because the cigarette what else I'm
sure they haven't washed along probably
not
but then it was like the thing I
remember most is coming home after a
night out
oh yeah yeah which I if I was out I
generally wouldn't do that anyway cuz I
would be drunk I just want to go to
sleep but waking up the next morning and
just that smell yeah that that's stale
cigarettes no and I would have to be
repaired oh yeah at least I would make
you oh god she she blame her she would
kick me all night if I if I fell asleep
thinking like cigarette that's
understandable
absolutely
Oh God someone saying they bought a
house from a smoker yep
oh yeah yep that'll happen no it's it's
tough when I was when I was younger I I
worked helping clean out apartments
after tenants would leave and that's
something we would have to do often it
just scrubbed down the walls and if
someone had been there for a long time
and they were a smoker he would take the
sponge to the wall and it would drip oh
yeah I've seen that it was enough to
make you vomit it was the and yet
afterwards I still became a smoker
that's how powerful nicotine is oh my
god it's great I don't know if I have a
favorite Troma movie as I have not seen
many of them I'll probably say it talks
a good thing about you just because I
mean that's the big one yeah
oh man the first time I saw toxic
avenger I was probably way too young too
I thought it was I honestly thought it
was a movie about sloth from the Goonies
yeah cuz I'd see that cover at the video
star all the time and his face kind of
looks like it so me and my friend John
rented it and I realized now of course
that it's a comedy but at the time there
was like extreme gorn it like a little
kid gets his head run over by a car and
like so my brain couldn't process the
idea that it was a comedy mm-hmm so I
was like this is the most fucked up
thing I've ever seen cuz there's so much
like extreme Gordon yeah it was probably
like God how old would I have been 10
maybe so it's like I I did not get that
it was supposed to be a comedy because I
was so taken aback by the violence and
it wasn't it was until years later was
like oh but that fucked you up as a kid
it really did like I we were both we
both like felt dirty and weird after
watching it I was like I want to go home
now like I just want to sit in my room
by myself and look at the wall like I
really like it really fuck with me
mentally cuz I just did not understand
it I'm sure that if the people who made
that movie could hear you say that they
would like it
no absolutely no Lloyd Kaufman yeah
that's right there was a there was a
cartoon of toxic event toxic Crusaders
yeah it was Ninja Turtles were popular
so they had their own Saturday morning
environmentally themed cartoon about a
group of mutants there was there's lots
of like talk about the environment and
taking care of the environment and that
was actually part of like carpets things
like if I'm gonna do this dumb kids show
I want to have it have a message so he
worked it is great yeah that's fine I
think I probably still have some talk
super Seder toys somewhere in a box oh
you need those some but pooper out of
the butt would like to know what my
favorite vegetable dish and/or vegetable
is I suppose a potato is technically a
vegetable
is that your favorite I mean my potato
it is I don't know Irish heritage
potatoes are fucking great and
everything cuz they're covered in butter
and so so you like vegetables when
they're covered with unhealthy things
and make them less like vegetables 100%
in in real life I would say broccoli I
really enjoy broccoli I eat a lot of
broccoli so broccoli is good
Jay what is your favorite vegetable dish
probably broccoli I also really like and
people are pretty
torn on this one yeah I like Brussels
sprouts
I like Brussels I really like Brussels
I'm with you on that okay do you how do
you prepare them
i I just steam them yeah add a little
bit of salt a little bit of pepper and
just need them
I don't do that's the way I'm with most
vegetables I don't add like graduations
I couldn't Sami ACK you're on the team
yeah do it yeah no I eat my vegetables
pretty much raw I Steve um but I don't
do much else with them he's right there
yeah little olive oil salt pepper bacon
why don't bake Oh bake them put them in
the oven 375 for like 20 minutes half
hour yeah the outside will get like a
little black and crispy and the whole it
like they'll steam the inside but it'll
be a little crunchy a little crispy mmm
change your life okay change your life
okay that's how I used to you until you
got lazy well yeah it's a two pairing
food is time-consuming really
time-consuming I've moved to cauliflower
I don't like cauliflower all that much
that's yeah it's not as land it's not as
good as Brussels sprouts yeah but it's
much quicker yeah sure you know and
that's our vegetable discussion today on
vegetable Jeff like for breakfast they
have spinach spinach with my eggs
Alex vintage a lot too and I like I like
that but um the eggs overpower
everything so I can't necessarily say I
like spinach you know what I do what I
make because I tend to prepare food like
well in advance like I'll make you know
a bunch of one thing and just keep it in
the freezer sure
heat it up or cook it or whatever I make
spinach patties okay they take spinach
and take like a bag of spinach frozen
spinach all right you can't do it brush
to an egg some breadcrumbs a little bit
of cheese and then you make like pennies
out of it anyway how do you and they use
cook them on my laptop
sounds great yeah they're really good
you're right food generally takes a lot
of time just stop eating and see how
much free time again it's true yeah yeah
no I'll cook like like four or five
chicken breasts at a time and then just
store them in the fridge and consume
them throughout the week so don't worry
about it that's fine like I need super
simple I try to keep things simple yeah
I only do one dish meals yeah just
because yeah it's like four for
breakfast it's spinach eggs beans with a
little like salsa sauce we gotta have
the house sauce then lunches chicken
broccoli beef any I just frozen chicken
frozen broccoli dinner I've been mostly
fishing cauliflower oh fish been moving
to fish this is good for some reason I
just haven't been very red meaty lately
no I don't know what that is about me
but yeah I'm not in general as far as
stuff I prepare at home but if I'm out
I'll eat the fuck out of a steak oh man
oh listen there's nothing better than a
well-prepared steak if I'm not used Eden
you gotta do you gotta find called
vagina you get you all you have to do is
you have to know what farm the cow comes
from and pay the farmer a little bit
extra to kill a cow in heat this cow
died wanting to get laid and I can taste
it right listen for anyone who's bored
by our vegetable conversation talk about
something I see but this is this is our
lives in general eat healthy yes this is
the thing that happens I missed a sub
thank you
they're telling me but hey
but pooper out of the button thank you
for subscribing dan you already say that
well I answered a question Oh subscribe
you just like saying that name
I just understandable I answered a
question from bud pooper out of the bun
and afterwards by pooper out of the
button subscribe wait what was their
name but pooper out of the button ok
what I don't understand is is like if I
don't understand pooper because
generally a pooper is also is an acronym
for but yeah where is a synonym for bun
yes so if it's but pooper out of the but
that means you're pooping a bun out of
me that's what they were going for I
like it yeah works on so many levels he
works at at least two levels number two
it works on number two level it wasn't
even thinking that J alright excellent
know so we've moved on from talking
about vegetables to talking about poop
well you know if you eat your vegetables
that's what you're gonna talk about nice
let me talk to you about regularity it's
great don't ever email me at 10 o'clock
in the morning it'll take you are the
responder TMI whew
it's it's worse that you said TMI I know
that's why I said it okay great I don't
say that in general conversation
I appreciate that about you
Elvis Elvis that sounds great two
tablespoons olive oil 4 to 8 ounces of
bacon chopped 1 pound Brussels sprouts
the stems trimmed 1 cup dried figs
stemmed and quartered salt ground pepper
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar sounds a
little complicated what is it I guess
that's what food is just a bunch of
things that you throw together that's
what it dishes I I prefer if I'm feeling
extra saucy I bake chopped up bacon with
my Brussels sprouts it's actually been a
couple months now since I've had bacon
yeah I've been really trying hard to cut
bacon out of my diet which is a very
difficult you guy I know you don't care
for it as I say you could replace it
with turkey bacon fuck you turkey
Bacon's good in there so making it is
not i eat turkey bacon very regularly it
is a lie and I will not eat food that is
alive it's not a lie I will not eat
turkey bacon I will not eat fricking
fake chicken whatever they call that and
veggie burgers fuck that none of those
things are lies though they are exactly
what they say a veggie burger you know
what I do with veggie burgers I put it
on top of a regular burger okay
protective really I don't think I've
ever had a veggie burger
I mean it just tastes like a bunch of
vegetables squished together okay this
tastes like onions okay so that's why I
put it on top of a regular Wow okay sure
they're you turkey Bacon's good it makes
me and it's so so much better for you
than bacon yeah I just cut out the whole
thing I'd rather I would rather cut out
all baked in the turkey bacon
okay squirts Mik poo this is like a
competition now thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
and I appreciate the names a competition
for the most juvenile name I think
squirts mcpoot takes it if I'm gonna be
the judge oh my god you got you a full
hole how far are you okay great
I am near the end to more sectors three
do I have the last bosses full sector
that's great you're doing you're doing
very well
loner at our John yes I love sushi
oh yeah I love sushi so goddamn much it
hurts we have uh we have a good sushi
place here my monkeys duties I have been
there in so long good sushi places that
is we have a couple okay sushi places
and then we have several terrible sushi
places
what's the terror I don't I've never
been to a terrible one there's one
there's one like three people I don't
know remember otters girl that's like
three blocks away from Benihana
okay Ana's isn't a great sushi place
yeah there's one a couple blocks down
like closer to Grand Avenue in the hole
that is some of the worst goddamn suits
you have ever eaten never been there I
ate it out of desperation I don't think
I've been no sushi place other than to
zoomies in Milwaukee cuz why would you
why would you because it's a zoomies
it's great usually if I'm with a group
and I'm trying to convince people to do
sushi will go to Benihana because I also
do the e-bot that's that's the safe
place yeah yeah and then they can if for
it cuz no one else eats sushi that I
know a girl Briana's well Jack let's go
get sushi sometime how about that I
would go get sushi got them love sushi
I'm okay with sashimi that's just the
fish on top of the rice yeah I like this
shit yeah I like I like sushi as a
presentation of shit put together which
is all food as much as shit
Liferay my favorite.i is is any sort of
soft-shell crab Oh Jerry because snot
shell crab just tastes like bacon it's
not it's basically a bathing suit so
we're gonna cut the stream short so we
can sushi right now if someone saying
you missed a sub I do that I've been
doing that we don't have the sound on
right now so I can't hear the what the
fucks and we're busy talking about food
right we're just gonna continue to talk
about food square root of Jack poop
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I don't I
don't know maybe that's too clever a
name where I don't get it
what is it is where root of Jack poo I
think they just wanted to work poop into
it somewhere
I'm a writer yes get a little bit of a
rhyme root in poo yeah I think that was
what the intention all right that's fine
that's fine
I think that's fine
right if I get if I get real desperate
for tsukushi I'll go to pick and save
and get the pick and save sushi it's
fine no it's completely acceptable that
I disagree yeah that's fine I mean
obviously like you know what you're
getting it looks like yeah you're not
gonna go to a fast food place and
complain that it doesn't taste like a
you know a gourmet restaurant all right
but you'll get it sometimes all right
that's the pic and safe sushi I'll be
with you I'll be happy I know I have not
seen jiro Dreams of Sushi
I have not either I believe I've been to
his restaurant is that Jiro
what's a cup what's his name - boo No
Jiro's they know is a reference to Star
Wars Episode one The Phantom Menace Jiro
Nobu what a French restaurant called
boob is that Jiro no I'm gonna yeah yes
plan to blend mandalas I found out today
apparently that movie strange magic the
new Lucasfilm movie yes is one of the
worst grossing movies of all time
like opening weekend for movie that's
playing on more than whatever it is 3000
screens yeah
one of the worst openings ever great I
thought that was pretty interesting are
you tired of taking pleasure in George
Lucas's failures rich but it's not here
anymore
it's not even his failures though like
he's credited as story by and so like he
just told people like I maybe should
have fairies what is here's a question
who's gonna make his small personal
films that he keeps saying there's going
to make some day to him I guess so he
keeps on like all these little
experimental movies that a general
audience won't why he can someday he's
gonna make them he's never going to make
these movies he's an old man to him
strange magic is experience I haven't
seen it what ducky do you think you're
in here so you can see first thing thing
about our fairies they have swords
so we're calling them love pokers that
was rejected I don't know the most
disappointed either of you seen thx yes
I love that great it's looking at that
and then seems like it just feels like
so much wasted potential
it's like man if you continue to do
stuff like that who knows what would
happen well you know he went he went
from that to wouldn't be famous because
there wouldn't be a Star Wars damn it
you're right
there'd be another George Lucas failed
no no good well he went right from that
to American Graffiti mmm right which was
his like in his head that was like no
I'm gonna use my film school smarts to
like and make a corporate movie it's
gonna be great right was that intended
to be like a big studio movie though I
honestly don't know much about the
production of American Graffiti yeah
yeah well it was like his throwback to
like the greaser moment sure I've seen
it but I've seen it since high school
but as far as like if it was a big movie
I honestly don't
oh yeah I mean I know people look back
on it fondly now but yes it was it was
big and it was a studio movie you know
and then he kind of did the same stick
with Star Wars we can throw back to
something else yeah and I think that's
what's why thx is so interesting because
it's not throwback to anything it's just
it creates its own world yeah man I
really love that movie
you should I'm a big fan of future
dystopian movies about escape yeah like
there's movie that came out a few years
ago called beyond the black rainbow okay
have your it was on Netflix I don't know
if it still is oh man it's so good it's
just really really visual and really
it's really abstract but you can still
tell what's happening which is you gotta
have that balance absolutely but yeah
but this to substance I see one many
most thank you for subscribing these
past five months we really appreciate
all of them and that's the otherwise
Mario Mario I can't kill you again
you're still on my crew oh I didn't
super Dukey Ness super Dukey yet Super
Duke eNOS thank you for subscribing so
people are subscribing now just to make
names about food just to make poop names
which is incredibly I think we should
encourage also sir gex or geek C's yes
sir yes sexy thank you for subscribing
and also these past five months
we appreciate your renewed subscription
quest super shields oh that's great
get them get them okay the ship you
specifically get it by not attacking
we're Ohno get the shields you have to
be ultra peaceful okay do tell them
attempt to heal them okay
sir Zechs a surge exe house
it's supposed to be surge dot exe oh
well there was no way I could have known
that this is what I want to let you know
I just got that guy should I name this
person after the same person or a person
new person it's a it's a new crew member
all right I'm sorry solid baked you had
one jump with us but this guy's got max
dance and he's a Zoltan yeah so you're
fired that these are the rules these are
our made-up rules to a thing that is
made up in general so can i name you but
you're not faithful huh
this beats our old baby - rose I'm the
remix you would love to die but you're
gonna live so I can't name it after you
you have no faith I like I like your
arbitrary rules whatever I feel time
wrong with his name I understand is name
space cap space cop space care space cop
is joining I'm tired of space cop you're
not done with it yet no you can't be
tired of it at the tedious part of an
hour I'm doing lava
Kentucky meets showers that's a great
man that is a great name thank you for
subscribing and filling us with meets is
is that slang for something is that like
a witness the next thing I'm gonna give
you the Kentucky meet shower know what
it means but it sounds like something
awful like you better be good or I'm
gonna give you the Kentucky meet shower
no no it's just a thing you do know
that's funny
Kentucky meet our lucky me chair that's
funny we we appreciate some way did you
get the shield oh I'm saying don't
Google it sometimes you get it with it
with that I am NOT going to Google that
okay we will not Google Kentucky meet
shower if somebody else feels like
googling it and maybe giving us a no
limited explanation
No
Tyrone J can't take a break from space
cop to work on the next blanky review
because heads up it is when is it coming
out it's coming out tomorrow holy shit
you heard it here first we've been a
whole month of that news all night
coming out tomorrow 12:01 a.m. it comes
out in in literally at just about an
hour and a half I didn't even know that
you were finished it you were in such a
daze when I guess my mind is turned to
mush J made the new plank of review I
don't even remember doing yes this is
insane it's insane and incorrect
I haven't seen it yet what's your plugin
voice sound like I I can't even do this
is the crazy part is I can't even do the
plink of this J you had me watch it
before before we got started
why do I have no memory of this oh my
god did you get possessed did he do a
good plugin i I didn't even know it was
him I thought it I thought wow the real
mr. blinken Wow yeah look for that in
like an hour and 48 minutes holy shit
yeah tomorrow I'm just gonna vlog about
that the Kentucky meet shower was an
incident where large chunks of red meat
fell from the sky in a 100 by 50 yard
area near Ramkin Bath County Kentucky
for a period of several minutes on March
23rd 1876 now phenomenon was reported by
the New York Times in several other
publications at the time
so that's interesting that's crazy
that's pretty cool I mean that's great
that's great
it rains fish on the Fargo TV series at
one point does it yes oh that's another
one I need to see oh god the Fargo TV
show is really good it's like watching a
ten hour movie I'm excited to see that
I'm sure it'll come to screaming things
about its yeah I actually just bought it
on Amazon but it's it just dog yeah I
don't think it's it's not a Netflix or
anything yet but it's it's really really
worth watching oh my god if there was
such a thing as a Wisconsin butter bath
I would do that shit Oh someone is
mentioning the grim fandago old
point-and-click adventure game
critically acclaimed yes being dead has
just been remade and released for modern
systems I have the biggest first world
gaming problem of all time right now
which is what system do i buy it for I
know I want to play it so I'm gonna buy
it do i buy it for my computer knowing
that sometimes I have to like render
stuff out on my computer so I don't
necessarily want to like leave something
render in the background while I'm
playing a game Oh
good and install it get it from my
computer install it on my laptop for
just that reason
yeah or do I get it for my handheld
devices so I can play it while pooping
oh my god right see my problem is what's
your problem what they've done with the
game is it's not it's not a remake it's
just I hate remastering yeah so you know
it's easier to get to run on modern
systems mmm I think I might have tweaked
like the interface a bit better some
graphical updates might be neat but I
already own the game and I can get it to
run their probe third-party programs you
get to run sure it goes like justify
spending 14 bucks to own this exact same
game again you know just to I mean
literally it's just for easy a little
slight graphical boost yep
it's an event it's not for you it's for
me yes for people who don't already own
it for you like if you just if you
wanted I'm sure there's steam
achievements or whatever oh yeah I know
you love steam achievements Oh someone's
saying a shock muff shock wow we haven't
talked about anything that we always
been talking about food and poop we
haven't talked about anything that would
get the bingo oh if it was you think JIT
oh no you couldn't have heard rich say
that he doesn't like achievements yet I
mean congratulations they might be full
of it get it on the Vita that's what I'm
thinking it's available on my Vita and
out device then you can play it anywhere
not just while you're pooping but
anywhere while some things are under you
on your computer you can be playing yeah
but then it's a tinier screen no first I
don't I'll bake the Vita screen and his
first world from it's a nice screen you
know I could see it's a decent you're
bigger than a cell phone okay but
it's a good problem and I guess Oh
Krieger 7/8 oh he was just saying he
likes to say shock oh that's
understandable yeah you have to say it
like they say it at the end of the
trailer though Akbar J yes Elvis Elvis
has a question okay have you seen the
Japanese films House of Tetsu the Iron
Man oh I saw that earlier I think no
house or Tetsu the Iron Man those are
two different movies I've seen house
house ooh I own The Criterion version of
it okay it's one of the most bad shit
insane things I've ever seen
all right and we should watch it at some
point I've not seen sensitive the Iron
Man I've been meaning to forever it was
on Netflix for a while and then what's
not me melon made by the same no no it's
just another crazy Japanese movie all
right yeah house is great house is a
great movie to put out in the background
at like a party like a Halloween party
or something cuz they'll just have
someone walk by and catch like five
minutes of it and say what the fuck and
they move on and you have to pay
attention to the story okay that's great
yeah intensive the Iron Man I believe
has some certain ties to like body
horror and like weird body mutation
stuff which I'm interested in so right I
should watch it
I should track it down it sounded
Netflix anymore so I should seek it out
myself
I know they made a sequel to but I
haven't seen that it seems like a lot of
work that's what I did with possession
and now it's woman it's my favorite
movie it's my favorite movie ever so
sometimes you gotta seek things out I do
not regret finding possession but I mean
it's like if you have to type something
yeah yeah I got a website
I understand and like not only that you
have to like do some research beforehand
to see what you want we do we need an
emoticon for mist sub that I miss
another so oh my god don't think I did I
don't see miss up but yes I will I will
work on that
getting a dedicated emoticon for hey
idiots you missed a sub that's a good
idea
a good idea that came from square root
of Jack cool so April I love you how do
I feel about marriage after seeing
possession I feel like it backed up
everything I felt about marriage
beforehand that's why I love it so much
it was like this movie gets it one of my
first recollections of stand-up comedy
you know just I guess I'm just not the
marrying type
I mean a wedlock that sounds a little
too close to deadbolts you know I'm
saying
but as like a 14 year old I thought it
was brilliant who I knew nothing of
marriage at the time
Oh God not the words that is the word
and of Turkey very sad oh it was like
it's um below like wannabe stand up it
wasn't like a big standard okay oh my
god that's so bad that I loved it I mean
wedlock says look so close to dead bolt
he said nothing at all oh my god this
made your favorite joke
yeah it's it's a terrible joke but I
remember loving it and like trying to
repeat that to other kids as if it was
you know my own joke at 14 all the 14
year olds because we know a lot about
we tell you farming for gunner levels I
just I think did level up one guy but I
can't get through the ship shields okay
he's got a defense from that shooting
down Singh my goal think an early Canon
laser boys it's like every 50th shot
gets a hit on their ship
gotcha is he hitting you okay yeah well
I mean if it's working I think I can't
board because they got a mid pain right
I can't take out the medbay because I
can barely get through the shields sure
so a prayer too quick so right now
you're just leveling right now I'm just
slowly degrading this guy yeah all right
yeah they're saying send in your
boarding party button and even if you
take down the medbay but it looks like
they have a repair drop yeah no that was
not my job
that was not my job from standard my
jokes were much much worse
if only I was as good as the webblock
did both guys I've seen house of cards
jf you see house of cards I haven't I am
I should because I like David Fincher
but I don't know I don't care about like
political dramas and I'm sure it's more
than just that but Europe and I'm sure
it's a great channel bit I mean Kevin
Spacey's yeah I'm sure it's fine I just
say haven't found myself wanting to
bother to get into it I got pretty far
into it and again just like nothing
drove me to keep watching it yes this is
a fine show yeah I am no
so yeah fair enough yeah weird sometimes
you say things hey that was not a joke I
did really
