Episode 035
Leisure Suit Larry 2 - we gonna get some (Part 1)
February 11, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=317RhgaAas0
___________________________________________

hello what yo yo yo it's just you rich
we've learned we've left I was never
even here no wait wait I'm gonna be
talking to you right here what you're
talking to my oh my god hey I got a turn
sound down on things right
what is owes it it's this dream oh
that's the stream add just mystery man
I'm gonna mute jeez hit me at age Christ
that was terrifying
oh my god our own ad nearly deafened me
worse I was in TV playing the the sound
is that we're like it shouldn't be
what's coming the video I guess my
graphics card is able to handle sound
for when you plug it into a TV it's nice
let's say to see mine I never hear sound
on my own TV at home
I don't know any the remote we're trying
to sound out on TV cuz that's gonna
happen again
oh no that's actually really nice cuz we
can hear the what the folks okay yeah I
guess I'll leave it okay
I'll leave it stream seeing well I guess
I won't see it yet you won't see again
but no no we're seeing the game and I
why am i moving the keyboard over we're
gonna need this keyboard we are gonna
need it I need a lot I'm gonna know
whole lot yeah I got it we got a baby ad
- huh dads
yeah we have to suffer through ads um if
we want to watch this dream also who
would linked us to a woman is afraid of
owls that was the dumbest SNL sketch
I've ever seen that was really awful you
know sometimes there's that setup where
you know what the punchline is gonna be
but it still catches you by surprise
yeah I mean when the joke is only
somebody just kind of losing their shit
running around and breaking things and
tripping over the oh that's the function
Oh Oh like oh sure that's great I loved
it I loved it was the funniest thing
I've seen in quite some time time so
okay I'm not seeing it pop up there yet
why isn't that up on the screen what why
is it why is the suit Larry not showing
up I don't know we're not seeing Leisure
Suit Larry no we're not seeing it uh but
we know we're not seeing it I'm not
saying in properties it's showing in the
hair or showing this Schuler also we
have the what the fucking weed you
forgot to thank them NCC one seven zero
one the D thank you for subscribing the
past three months now we very much
appreciated unit finish I was white as I
was just dancing along with you none cuz
I'm also hearing we haven't done oh my
god that startled me I should that
actually did we jump a little bit
Oh a little concentrating on work my god
John kilo oh my god has subscribed for
the past nine months can you believe
that I do not believe that I'm not crazy
have you been doing this for night mom
apparently because John kilo has been a
subscriber for that long that's crazy
yes I guess we're a John Kela we very
much appreciate it we might have to do
just like a window cap here or whatever
also professor pun thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it because it's
definitely clicked as bang on that's not
shown up it's not shown up why is it not
shown up it's weird hearing me on on
like a 30-second delay in my headphones
yeah I'm excited for the game to start
so I can just do an audio testing Oh
asshole thank you for subscribing for
the past I see an even ho a song has
been with us for the past seven months I
think that's great I didn't do it as a
window capture them also humberto
Cabbage Patch thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it loved you and
Sherlock what the fuck
there you go yeah that's acceptable
that's acceptable that's acceptable
mm-hmm okay we might have to turn that
down a little bit I have nightmares
right built oh if someone was something
I pronounce this wrong bill Tetley bill
Tetley thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate Bill has been with
us for the past eight months
okay okay these people these Pete you
guys I'm on top of Jack on top I come on
give me the program
get out of Tralee get on home we're on
the trolley yeah we're playing Leisure
Suit Larry - right and Darth meringue
geez dark place thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it and I also
enjoyed Darth meringue geez Garth
Maggie's dark place um you see that one
ah our Crime $29.99 thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
very much do hey this is Leisure Suit
Larry - yeah we're it's an adventure
game we are playing it because it is I
believe the only classic Sierra parser
adventure game that I haven't played and
parser is is different from the
point-and-click I actually have to type
in what your character does I assumed
this was a point-and-click and it is not
no it is a parser which using context
clues means that you type yes you like
you still use the arrow keys to move
around but like if you want to search
the cabinet you type in search cabinet
and then if you want to use an item you
have to actually describe what you do
with it you don't just like click
randomly on the screen until something
happens love it you have to think about
how you use the things you have I enter
odd you love that also Questor fest
thank you for subscribing these past
four months
so okay now because this is an old game
yeah this is this is ancient DRM yes see
back in the day they could not stop you
from just handing your copy of a game to
a friend and letting them install it and
then giving you the discs back and one
person could buy the game and twenty
people in the neighborhood could have it
right you couldn't I don't know if it
was hard to share it over the internet
back then but there was still piracy yes
so while the the actual copies of the
game were easy to make and pass around
hmm they figured the hand books were a
little bit more difficult to duplicate
yes so what they did was they they had
like information that you had to verify
in the handbook before the game would
start so so we have like a little PDF
file that I I generally I bought this
off of GOG calm how strange
yes this is a other than this handbook
DRM this is a a DRM free game that I
have bought off of Gog and it comes with
a PDF file that's got the old manual so
I'm looking at PDF file of a pages from
the book where it's got pictures of
different girls and their phone numbers
and what is her number seven four four
eight seven four four if I need to click
in the window right bingo
okay okay also yeah Oh give him four
four get the mouse out of there H damn
mom will give me a second jack and mouse
out of there well that's actually kind
of part of the game too you might be
able to click on things here in there oh
it's it's like this they're starting
when they made this they're starting to
move towards play sure sure so there is
some point and click functionality great
all right we're starting
Leisure Suit Larry goes looking for love
animist primal thank you for subscribing
in several wrong places and I'll just
get through a little okay
and several wrong way is animist primal
has been with us for the past five
months six forty by forty right yeah
this is this is some low res stuff
happening here did Larry just fall off
of his own Croats I think he fell Teddy
I was kind of looking over I looked at I
saw on out of the corner of my eye it
looked like Larry took a header that's
titled I would believe that this is what
are all these balls delightful you make
any sense
what are these balls
I don't think we're hearing the game
music in the stream well we are not
hearing the game music extreme oh well
well maybe it's just something you have
to cook it'll be okay sorry everybody a
rich doesn't want to figure it out yet
um we hear the game music we met in the
hot tub in lost wages in your luxury
penthouse apartment in the land of first
game okay at the end of the game
remember big finale
okay fake away she says suck why are you
here well I are that is you stammer why
I just kind of assumed when two people
are deeply in love as we are uh the
natural thing to do is move in together
and move in you creep you've got exactly
five minutes to get everything out of my
house and out of my life
Wow Oh Brutus she commands her dog I'm
guard Oh
Oh mmm you think yourself that dog looks
rather familiar I'll be back here in
five minutes Eve shouts and you won't
Garet guilt Ron thank you for no Gil
yeah guilt Ron or guilt Ron okay look
that's what Mike calls them in the Girl
Interrupted by disease Oh
Garret Gill cron thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
also Hank Hill and hilling Ford Hank
hilling Ford thank you for subscribing
welcome to Leisure Suit Larry are we
mowing a lawn yes okay well we just we
just got kicked out of this house Oh so
we need to figure out what to do well
let's fix the oh there's no audio
happening right now
yeah just probably not gonna be much
overall so I'm not too worried about
that
okay great water do you really want to
try and fix the audio I mean it might be
important
how do we do this jack I don't know you
either one who wants to fix it I don't
give a shit I go to settings thank you
and go to audio yeah
default sure great
yeah I guess I you know it's already
since default so that's great
well okay or also and well then let's go
X out of this just X out add just X out
and go right click on your little
speaker thing I'm lower right that one
playback devices and make sure that
Samsung eight if that is your default
device okay well then that we've done
all we can so much like 800 sure or try
that
that might work too okay great
we have tried we'll see if it works all
right Jen
okay oh yeah better I'm better at
talking when i'm not at control so do
you want to actually take over like the
typing in the web you're sure you want
to switch spots no yeah we're a drama I
don't know if you have touched like this
over all right let's see here we're
doing
and find nothing but junk which is no
use to you how do I get out of here now
walk
well I'm use the arrow keys doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo
okay let's look around all right here
nope sorry raw wound run
welcome to the edge ready rooms for men
who get stuff done
good luck no matter what kind of stuff
we do we have to get ready to do it
this one's are getting ready get ready
we get ready with edge shave gel edge
creates a protective layer of
lubricating volunteering to help eraser
give you a close shave and less
irritation there we go
okay here we go what the fuck wait we
had a what the fuck um
uncool aid man thank you for subscribing
for these past four months okay uncool
aid matter
uncool a bed well it's not with a cake
Kool Aid is with a case oh that's uncool
laid man well technically it's uncool
aid man oh yeah because someone L Omega
so uncool aid man so he's not cool
because he has AIDS
okay cool dates aren't cool that's true
ah the fuck want the fuck indeed let's
try going this way doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo I have to scroll your
food to do - to do a movie - two fingers
two fingers two fingers left oh my god
Bridget what look just two fingers okay
okay gang is born mine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
gone this way nope so then we go this
way do-do-do-do-do to to to look at a
Hatteras pretty scenery mmm look around
why that must be unrehearsed ooh do
sille studios look at studios what that
okay okay
staring at the walls already yes alright
dude - dude - dude - - are we gonna have
to make a porno at the Unruh versal
studio oh my god I hope not
let's hope we don't have to okay we're
here - barbershop one dollar haircut oh
yeah always always save Jack this quick
key for ah good then balls you know yeah
says the barber which Jack clipped off
of that text too quick for me to
actually read it I did how do I say
vegan um sorry da lagoa something I want
Lord love to write Santana's f5 f5 a
future you save fifties Oh new save
that's part of the third-party program
that's actually running this game very
LSL oh one I am NOT uh clever with my
save names all right let's talk to this
dude again look at all um talk to man I
have no time for idle conversation
respond to the barber hey Jack huh he's
French
I said manju earlier I have is no time
for a conversation response the barber
is bad enough I have to talk to
customers while I cut the air I
certainly don't want to talk when I'm
not cutting hair if you want me to work
on that problem ahead of yours you'd
better sit down in that chair
turbo Jesus 5000 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
seven months ago nice walk over to the
front of the barber's chair and sit down
okay
okay all the way yeah yeah
got some nice paintings on a calendar
you'd like to get a haircut but you
don't have enough money
oh look it painting you don't know much
about art but you do know what you like
listener does a naked lady it's a naked
lady on the calendar in it yes pixel
boob pixel boob Cal oopsie ah look at
calendar if you guys miss something that
is a game-ending fuckup
do you want us to tell you is what the
chat is asking I mean if it's a
game-ending fuckup
what do you think what do you think rich
we made it through I think I think save
frequently I made it through Space Quest
yeah it took a couple days but I knew
about game-ending fuck-ups though I
think I steered away you Stevie like
like for example if anyone was was here
for the Space Quest adventure I got
really stuck at a couple times like I
got really stuck in the ship yeah so if
there's something that we are super
stuck on um then let us know that is
what I was saying all right all right
I mean well and we'll tell you guys will
say you guys tell us you know what's
going up sir apparently I can't spell
calendar look Kel and dirty ale see ya
Yin D yeah I think it's a are you think
they are oh nothing look up okay
there's a mirror you want to look at
more the mirror but it might say
something insulting I don't think we
were spelled with an O is it least not
there you see a barbershop
haha okay that's kind of clever
okay it looks like we are back up
streaming sure yes we are back we are
now back up screaming sorry about that
everyone we miss that's the real
question how much did you guys miss oh
here we go now we're getting now we're
getting some good k b /s uh a little
River Creek rich is gonna go get drunk
um drunk I'm live he's gonna get drunk
on live we okay we uh let's see here
okay rich forgot to plug in the ethernet
to the computer so that's our bad one -
how much did you guys miss the mirror
and the barbershop joke oh did you you
saw the backwards Burger ship okay great
well then we just left the barbershop
and now we are in the slightly seedy
section of the city by the seashore
possibly he's true it's what she sells
okay Jay is working and so I have his
mic down at the time but if he wants to
say anything I will turn up his
microphone and he will talk to you but
let the man work I'm doing visual
effects
say that again Jay I'm doing visual
effects there you go six hours some
three seconds of the movie
that's how movies working yeah here's my
piece of advice for aspiring filmmakers
yeah don't make a movie that has visual
effects in every shot of your film
unless you're George Lucas don't do it
great weight avoid sprawling science
fiction epics let's go get somebody else
oh yeah if you have a team of like
seventy-five to a hundred visual
sardis then I would say go for it what
what movie was that we were watching and
we got to the end credits and the visual
effects it was like some brick of text
like the whole screen was metal that's
every movie now especially Marvel it was
a Marvel movie I know but well they're
all like that and in the Iron Man 3
there was joke could be effects artists
joke 1 yeah like they they put in extra
ones oh really
maybe it was Iron Men through them
that'll fuck with people it's it's been
numerous movies now yeah and now you
understand why because you've been
trying to do them all yourself
yep great I mean I understood why before
but it was fun to make fun of them now
doesn't seem is money sure okay alright
we are now in a slightly seedy section
of the city welcome we find her
I don't know ah there oh this way I
think was the studio so I'm gonna walk
this way do-do-do-do schweiz new barber
shop which way was that uh South look at
that that looks great palm trees so I
guess this takes place in LA yes if it
has what was it called the Unruh
versatile studio Oh a or le standin yeah
do do to do to do oh there's an
amusement park I want to go to an
amusement park rich Jack and J who are
your favorite movie villains movie
villains yeah he's kind of standard but
I think he kind of made the mold I want
to go with Hans Gruber oh no I'm on
Brickman die art yeah I mean I know who
Hans Gruber is but um you know he was
pretty much like generic European but
then he start that was Jarek until he
did it started an eighties thing of
villains um I don't know mine would be
that eighties thing of villains that's a
tough that's a tough question what is
this
uh-huh-huh look around
something shop ye olde is that both
doors are lights since there's a sign
that says watch for our Grand Opening
real Sunnah the door nice use able F to
okay I can't say hold the door I see
what happens I did tell me I can't read
that slide from her ye olde yeah a ye
olde earth no museology shop okay ye
olde ethno music and Cobus way ok I said
I shouldn't walk in the street either I
should walk on the sidewalk it would be
nice to have a goal would it be like in
Space Quest we knew get off the space
station was our goal
sure in this we're just kind of get
kicked out of a house and we're just
walking around uh I don't know what
we're working towards hey rad do these
three homes obviously we're looking to
get laid that's the whole point at
Leisure Suit Larry right you gotta get
two ladies to come and and be with you
looks like a way to you look yeah uh
talk to lady hello big what do you think
Larry sounds like Oh big blonde and
beautiful
my name is Larry Larry lever
nice name yes very laughter Larry lever
hiya she blurts between bubbles can I
help you can I help get uh I just did it
rich didn't burn I can reach heaven um I
guess what I'm just walking around II
I'm a big shot hey rich is there a film
franchise that you'd like to see
rebooter be remade no no let it lie I
don't lie
hey what's going on what's going on here
I don't think there's anything we can do
here other day you could do any of the
doors open no it's all the doors are
locked
what happens if you talk late I talked
to lady hi my name is Larry leopard can
I help you that's update my goal is to
get late let's try it let's try that um
ask for date will you date me perhaps
you can ask for date Oh ask for date the
heck you say no um stare at boobies
stare at boobs you see nothing put down
oh by the way favorite movie villain ah
predator ah predator no I'm just fine
movie but favorite villain I don't know
I'm just oh by the way oh I don't I just
can I can't think of a villain Ryan I
think you're plenty of villains I just
don't know what if I would have a
favorite I'm predators a good villain
predator is a great citizen when he
kills people
yeah it's clay that monsters I think of
differently than villains
yeah like villain I think of like a Hans
Gruber Darth Vader like something with
some humanity okay a monster is just
like a monster okay all right Balian
isn't evil he's not a villain it's just
doing what it does alright you know all
right
I've you know what I'll buy this all
right just so I don't have a good answer
for my weird question favorite villain
then it got me thinking enough all right
we don't see anything special Oh suppose
I thirst or other doors to look at but
alright just as it appeared all the risk
is there something on the desk
yes oh look at that we a little picture
you find dull woman sexy what but then
you find any woman sexy oh this game is
not being kind of this poor receptionist
why is she um this is this game is from
another era yes holy Lord okay I I'm
assuming this has come back later
territory yeah do do to do to do to do
to do to Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing if I can't
do anything there yeah I wish like these
games wouldn't I wish I wouldn't have
sections like this where like you can
hide yeah but that's fine all right I do
dink good thing to walk and down the
steps are please your suit Larry walk in
slowly Oh Hollywood hasn't lots of walls
that's a long Xia you wonder what part
of Los Angeles you are in now oh by the
way this isn't like an analogue okay
this is Los Angeles straight up with a
fictional film studio but well that's
copy written who a liquor store perfect
I'm gonna look in that dumpster rich
what should George locus direct people
to their seats and seats in the theater
that jokes been made already yeah yeah
rich have you played quake for yes and
I'm considering streaming it at some
point
nothing close what did you expect
passport I mean I kind of did wait wait
what was it uh it's I found nothing and
then it's a what did you expect a
passport that's too odd an area we're
gonna have to use that at some point you
think we can mark hey there we go quicky
Mart
hello lady this place is full of ladies
look at the kwik-e-mart has many items
for sale
a clerk lounges sleepily behind the
counter near a lottery ticket machine
there is a soda dispenser near the front
window ah can we buy a lottery ticket
same thing I'm at five if this is a game
where you can get stuck and you only
have one dollar right make lottery
ticket purchases are involved Wow
if it's not we might waste that one
dollar just close that what get outta
here just exit I tried to exit out okay
you save suit larry Oh - that's not a
mouse here we go um buy lottery ticket
move closer to the clerk and buy a
lottery ticket okay look pants clerk oh
I don't know if she's supposed to be
sexy or not how do you think oh yeah you
find a Southern woman sexy but then
again you find anyone sexy hi lottery
ticket here's my here's my last dollar
you say handing it to the cute clerk how
about selling me one of those luck Oh
buckle lottery tickets that's those bad
oh my Larry okay okay I know you did it
just like I did it so don't make fun of
my voice I'm not maybe was good for that
I wasn't make fun I will kill you it's
Wonder I get for consistency saying I
should have done it but it's okay you're
right no you're right by the way you're
absolutely right then I'll do the lady
okay patna you know what no because then
I'm gonna be doing Larry and you're
gonna be doing all of the ladies and I'm
just gonna be traumatized right okay you
do the lady okay podna says clerk here
you go
just took this here ticket machine on
the end of the counter good luck
she concludes have a nice day
y'all you insert the paper ticket into
the lock Oh bucko machine the lock Oh
bucko lottery machines video display
screen flashes please enter your six
numbers but please enter your six
numbers between 100 and 999 now huh
guys we gotta pick numbers okay okay
what do we go on I don't know
150 okay boom pick two as yours 150
little can make it really easy to
remember or 160 160 take three Oh dead
here
Oh pick three 170 we have to pick six of
them 170 we'll keep this easy to
remember 180 180 190 200 bra size hang
process hang I think you just it's not
actually a loading screen jack it's
processing I think I think just hit one
I did
no it's still processing it really is
yeah and enter and nothing happened I
mean I turn nothing happened okay
actually freeze we might have frozen are
you sure
still I mean Oh out pops your luck Oh
buck Oh lottery ticket you take it and
wonder will I be a winner
oh yes Chad I'm sorry we didn't make a
drug reference I'm so sorry everyone I'm
unsubscribing this wasn't 420 I kind of
shit you guys know we don't do drugs
writing down and there's nothing funny
about 420 at this point right they think
we do don't don't don't don't bust the
illusion you have no reason to do that
wait what are you doing I was giving her
the lottery ticket why would you do that
cuz too smart it - cash - no okay I
don't I don't know what's going on here
look the kwik-e-mart has many items for
sale a clerk lounges legally blind the
counter near a lottery ticket machine
there is a soda dispenser near the front
window alright uh drink soda nobody's
that thirsty all right well then was
nobody stirring up drinks apparently not
sorta II will kill you slowly let's go
dude one's talking about Randy Quaid do
ya I stopped watching that video halfway
through because I don't want to see him
fuck his wife he doesn't really I'm sure
it's just humping I'm sure it is just
humping and every time you thrust the
dog barks yeah it'sit's pretty surreal
yeah it's too sad for me to find funny
yes it's because it says you're just
watching a guy who's clearly mentally
ill you know desperate for attention as
I love Randy Quaid we've made fun of
Randy Quaid but it's it's yeah it's kind
of sad yeah yeah and the less attention
you give it the better yes that being
said I understand completely why people
are fascinated by it hundred so we used
our last dollar okay so we don't need
that last dollar for something in here
right
like I'm never quite sure when I okay
there you look by the sign on the
druggists counter you presume the
druggist is out only a clerk remains and
he doesn't look too bright by Spanish
Fly not talk to him um do you have
anything here that cost a dollar last
you ask him nope I do to do do see me
balls me balls us in the chat yeah he's
still mad I don't like anime um I'm
sorry me believe Oh Mabel Mabel is the
one that that apparently sent me an
anime care package yeah he sent both of
us an animal yeah and even though even
though I've been I've been opened with
Chad since the beginning yeah that I'm
not especially big anime fan hmm Mabel's
Mabel's was was shocked that I was
snarky I'm not receiving the enemy care
package not for one no I didn't mean to
legitimately hurt your feelings not
everything everything I say like both on
the chat and in real life is this a
little bit exaggerated a little bit
snarky sure but it's like you sent me
out of May I've been upfront about not
especially liking anime huh I don't know
that you can be upset that I wasn't
delighted ah yeah okay and and I know
not all anime is the same but like as a
generalization I don't like it um I
don't remember exactly what you said I
know you you mentioned some of them
before and I'm gonna go through some of
them Akira I believe you said you sent
Akira Hiro was in there yeah I could
appreciate the animation mm-hmm I don't
like Akira okay so I already don't like
a tear up great
uh spirited away I might be willing
spirit leave a shot any of those Mia a
Miyazaki film I've heard it's good a
great name well said he say he said
there's a couple Miyazaki ones in there
yeah see it's not thank you who sent
those Mego Gables me balls me balls
thank you for sending those I'm gonna be
appreciative here say thank you because
I want to watch the Miyazaki stuff yeah
so I watch the JJ will appreciate yeah
and I took her go home don't don't let
rich get you down we read to him it's
like I was in high school right when
anime was becoming big so it was hard
for me to completely avoid these things
yeah like vampire hunter D was something
he said he said yeah yeah he's got a
weird Fe talking head huh and he's big
serious badass or whatever whatever
cartoons bloody all of us that's
hardcore
oh okay with I'm okay with animated
things uh Ninja Scroll Ninja Scroll I
seen that okay for actually huh I really
I really like the ending the ending
battle okay as a clever ending okay I
actually didn't see that before
and kind of lately slight part of it
sure so okay that's all Richard Scotts
is great I think it's great I think
everything's great uh hey baby you don't
look like a California girl she says
that's funny don't you all right dude
didn't solos you do hi look it close huh
look it close or is this a clothing
store those are racks of clothing I
think those look like suits
oh she had a ring on her finger a lot
I'm gonna go over here ask about ring
did I like the comic Knievel's people's
I gotta be honest I don't I'm not the
one who picks up the nail I don't think
I've seen the comic if there was a comic
sent I have I haven't seen it it's in a
million-five a little steep even if
you're even if the suit is important
okay all right so the suit is a million
dollars yeah and we bought a lottery
ticket gotcha
I guess we have to buy the lottery
ticket what I'm worried about is that we
might need specific numbers and our
random ones yeah might've might have
broken our game how do we know if we if
we won the lottery
well of something we haven't seen yet
okay oh we're on Rodeo Drive isn't that
fun Rodeo Drive Rodeo Drive
do do do did you oh I'm back over here
crane let's go back up here maybe do two
two two two two two two two
we have been this way yet we're just
getting the lay of the land everybody
we're just leisure in around what's
behind these bushes all right
nothing nope nothing all right dude to
tell you that to do you have to do do Oh
oh this is where we're at here what's
what's the right things we haven't seen
to the right alchemists that's what we
can we better look we've seen everything
I believe oh no no there's a bar okay
I remember there's a bar do do the
numbers are a thing don't worry about
them okay - - the numbers are a thing
don't worry okay great so good good
we're not broken yet oh hey there's a
beach we need to figure out how to win
the lottery I think okay it's in five
million dollars suit yeah
open those I guess I guess that million
dollar suits gonna get Larry laid sure
you can't open it that's what it takes I
mean yeah I mean really mom great I
can't do much here but uh
know how much I love you and that might
be hot hot me period here's the box I
found it
yeah the scurvy dogs alone it's like one
of these homeless people have like the
real winning lottery ticket right to
steal it what's gonna happen oh I hope
so look at man-to-man
there's no need these guys are too gone
to hear you cry search man look at man
they're just a couple of guys who can't
say no just a couple of songwriters
three two three four four two three you
find nothing can you get your kicks we
can't get in the saloon opened doors
that even work look you're now in a very
seedy portion of the city in the
distance you can see those famous la
landmarks the Queen Larry and the loose
goose okay oh there's a boat back right
get a the Queen Mary the Queen Mary the
Spruce Goose the one search man you find
nothing great step over man
hmm lock on that door that's a puzzle
that's way too easy a solution sure oh
oh come keep moving Larry you hit tab
dude tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu I wait no wait we
have the ticket it's not like we forgot
to pick it up okay good thank you though
Jess yeah it would have been
heartbreaking all right let's go see
what this Queen Mary has to offer all
right let's go up that alley yeah Queen
Mary Queen Larry Queen Larry all right
what's the left
um we could pick up the speech there's
gotta be a thing big increase speed you
know walk faster to get around yeah yeah
um there's the Brown Derby Crown Derby
is luck the Brown Derby has a board over
its doors board huh you think we can do
that wait is there something we can do
behind the buildings I don't know do to
to to to to know what are the answer to
to to to to to to oh wow how do I get up
how do I get up here alright let's try
to remove that Brown Derby is weird
something going on here
yeah bubbly probably we don't know are
we going to play grim fandago um no I
probably not yeah I want to play that I
want to play that by myself to join the
XPS and he should and I won't play
because then Jack would end up being
spoil right for everything that happens
in it so yes I'm gonna play that by
myself oh by the way update everyone on
my first world gamer problem okay which
wish system to buy for I have decided to
buy it for the computer so i bought it
on Steam I'm a steam guy so I'm just
when steam already I kind of regret it
because like I almost like I want to
play it on my Vita cuz I just have that
with me more but I accept my decision um
so why didn't you get the GOG version
cuz I like steam oh you know like you
can you can achieve us I like
achievements I like the trading cards I
like the whole thing cuz you can you can
link to a game on Steam that's not a
steam game right so you have easy access
to it I like I do with everything I like
the meta stuff alright I'm God and of
course I like the trading cards cuz then
I can get more friends you know except I
I'm not I'm now have like over 200
requests waiting in queue you have
enough force my hand yeah cuz originally
I was on the fence cuz I already own
Grim Fandango and I own programs and let
me run Grim Fandango in a modern system
yeah now I feel like I have to support
GOG cuz you didn't buy the GOG version I
I wholeheartedly support you have now
forced my hand to buy
ha ha III 100% support GOG in all of its
efforts but I like the other stuff on
Steam too
I don't know what to do now are those
clothing store that was the clothing
store so I there might no wait what
thank you know is there something with a
TV so we can here lottery results oh
maybe the drug store there's oh oh wait
the convenience store I think had
something like yeah let's go check the
convenient store dukka dukka dukka
doomed there was a soda machine well the
drug stores right here I'll check the
cards this something lottery lottery
tickets something something lottery of
course of course that's the only thing
we have right now and then the next the
next lead is the suit right um no
there's nothing in the drugstore let's
go see what this sale bin is look sign
of the draw all right look in bin you
can't do that here all right
what does just say no means the drugs
drugs well the drug I know I thought
that Mike
