Episode 037
Tron 2.0 Killer app... man
February 13, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVDy5V6cCYU
___________________________________________

we're back we're back to life from the
dead not being around the stream and and
we wanted to say I think they're on a
big thank you to rev Browns balls thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it also Lucky Strikes has a recent crime
for the past three months and Thank You
Lucky Strikes
I mean it's not a it's out of the way
okay just wanted to make sure before I
didn't either rich has been setting up
double trauma 2.0 killer app so Jay
could play with light cycles some reason
I don't see a way to get the joystick
buttons you could figure to the light
cycle controls I don't have time to
figure it out so oh that's why I'm
saying game alright yeah I was gonna say
should have showed up but now yeah
basically rich is ruining everything
okay
thankee alright we're just ruining so I
mean I'm gonna you're gonna steer that's
all I'm doing here erasing anybody
that's one right now
the camera but higher or lower Oh God
you know the next monkey review that the
daredevil trailer looks fine like it's
an overall trailer but I have come to
expect a certain amount of camel feet
thank you for subscribing I've come to
expect a certain amount of awesome to
come out of Marvel Studios and I know
this is a series a Netflix original
series so the budgets gonna be a little
cut but I wanted uh some a little bit
more Mandrake was here thank you for
subscribing Wow we very much appreciate
it
this is gonna be a plane is this on
that's fine that's fine
I want to live in the Tron world okay
somebody turns out the computer and
you're basically dead oh my god I can't
don't easy this for hard drive to break
you live in the film the Troma world was
on its own server we learned that from
Tron Legacy oh well sorry Mandrake was
here if you subscribed an hour ago I
just got the notification he was in the
Jeff Bridges was stuck in the Tron world
for like 30 years or not over 20 years
oh I think she pulled forward to speed
up and back to for the primary on the
other fuck this is complicated not
complicated but in the the way the
camera turns with you makes us tricky
it's not just like an overhead shot like
the old like the game of the movie sure
might be a setting for that Oh dick
neutral eye I actually kind of like the
the costume they have their devil and
now it's it's like the black version of
his daredevil costume with like the
cloth mask I really like the black
costume but like we didn't even see it
during the trailer we don't know you
know I don't I actually dislike
Daredevils red costume I think that
looks super lame I like his ninja pasty
guy so I do
to be fair Jack's blind he has no idea
what his costume looks like 100% 100%
it won't be is awesomeness the Ben
Affleck movie so I even bother trying
rights will there be a playground fight
with electro that's my number one
question got ya know I
I hope they stick with that black outfit
longer I like it because that's his like
ninja outfit and I think that's badass
outfit well
nice day you got more moves like jagger
it's true cuz he is slow moving
that is that a link is a link yeah kind
of like I'm not good at this maybe I
shouldn't live in the Tron world oh fuck
Oh incidentally if you're really close
to another wall you speed up oh yeah
rich yes so this is this is tell of us
apparently Billy Bob Thornton has made a
statement earlier today so one who the
fuck cares that statement just a general
statement well someone that said do you
agree with the statement Billy Bob
Thornton and made earlier today that
video games have negatively influenced
the ways that Studios shoot their movies
and the choices for which productions go
into greenlight I would like to hear
more elaboration on the statement I
don't know I can't please does he think
video games have influenced movies I
think Billy Bob Thornton's a dickhead I
think he's a great actor but I do think
he's kind of a dick I'm willing to hear
what he has to say though about video
game yeah I would need some more
elaboration I can't imagine that a video
game would influence any production of a
movie yeah you have that skill but
technically you're not using a training
butters does any of the bubbles and
activate that no no all right
Sheils acquired yes okay it's the mouse
button so now I can I fly through this
now yes ma'am
fuck you Oh another works ones Jake oh
all right Oh Oh you have to do that yeah
yeah that's right if anything he got it
backwards like a movie release schedule
dictates when a video game will come out
that is a movie tie-in like I can't
imagine that like I can't imagine a
shield
you hit him not the wall you depressed
oh oh I okay I can't hit him directly
that's like I'll get the hang of this
someday probably not today Oh exact same
thing happened last time
huge huge a 81 just linked it to old a
new daredevil costumes I like that black
costume I think that's badass costume
and apparently daredevil in the black
costume was on an episode of Incredible
Hulk the Lou Ferrigno TV show okay
could be tear both eyes are one thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
haha Jack what do you think about the
statement that Angelina Jolie is a
pretty lady um I have no strong feelings
about the physical appearance of
Angelina Jolie what you guys think about
Angelina Jolie yeah the lips look
freakish I had never thought her lips
were attractive I have never found her
attractive but I don't find her
unattractive yeah I would like if I were
to make a list of like like if I were to
make like a really classy list and title
it something like the top ten girls I
want a bang from Hollywood like you know
something like a really awesome list
like that I would not put her in Milan I
thought she was super hot and hackers
shut up way back in the day shut up
really yeah
in hackers I haven't seen that movie
since high school but I remember like
that was before she was anybody and I
was like this is a sexy lady you think I
haven't seen it since son he's called
that guy's stuck
who is the most attractive woman that is
ever better looking ooh oh my it's very
subjective of course yes forsenrp yeah
Jennifer Connelly
I've always thought she's here like do
you like Jennifer Connelly I love dark
hair
they have Jennifer Connelly all right
sure you know I've been I sake over yeah
that's fine one I really like that for
for anyone for anyone who's a Doctor Who
fan I really really like that Karen
Gillan oh yeah she's super cute we only
seen her in oculus I think let's see oh
no she's in guardians of the galaxy -
well yeah but in guardians she's you
know cover colored blue and has a shaved
head but yeah but as far as like what
she actually looks like I've only seen
oculus yeah yeah she's super cute I
really like how cute she is
I wouldn't I don't know if I'd call her
super hot though I have to find it a lot
of people will really like that Conway
rich tired and sad thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it oh the green
zones make you go really fast
the red ones slow you down yeah like I
didn't want to say Scarlett Johansson
just cuz that's so obvious but I mean
she's very she's a very but like she's
the attractive lady that everyone talks
about now so I was looking for outside
the box but obviously Scarlett Johansson
like jennifer connelly now or Jennifer
kind of label say no I haven't seen her
recently but certainly certainly no
Rockets here yes all right
I don't know if her face is falling all
up in recent years she's gone super
scrawny like scary skinny yeah if her
face is falling off as far as I know her
face is not oh no she's just gotten
really like scary skinny okay Hollywood
actresses and their their plastic
surgery doesn't always work out very
well
sure so her face Jo someone is wondering
if oculus is worth a watch they keep
saying uh you know what I really liked
oculus I think it got kind of mixed
reviews it's not a perfect movie but I
thought it was it's really like simple
and straightforward and it does a lot of
what we attempted to do with our movies
in recovery goddammit um which is
towards the end of our movie we have it
where it's just constantly cutting back
and forth between the past and the
present does that like really
effectively Karen Gilliam Gilligan
what's-her-name going she's really good
um I think it's worth while it's on
Netflix now so it's free if you have
Netflix yeah I think it's worth their
time that's oh that yeah then the
question is just is it worth your time I
think so okay they go strong it's not a
perfect movie but I thought it was
pretty interesting just in its
simplicity mm-hmm
I'm sorry Emery I don't know who those
ladies are guys they're asking what do
you think of Sasha Grey or Lisa and oh
shit I do grana was a porn star now
she's trying to do with Egypt stuff
because of the Steven Soderbergh film
the girlfriends experience she was in
the ok stage yeah maybe if she was a
successful porn star I can only assume
she's attractive so I'll say go for it
she wasn't something else recently
mm-hmm I know she was in the the
Soderbergh movie yeah and at least one
other thing yes Karen Gillan is the blue
cybernetic chick in guardians of the
galaxy she was also the doctors
companion for a couple seasons for the
Matt Smith seasons of Doctor Who she was
also in a BBC produced movie about a
model and photographer that was pretty
bad and apparently innocuous she was on
a comedy thing reasoning as well oh she
had a sitcom that lasted like like a
three god damn it I'm trying to talk
about cute ladies while they play Tron
know she had like us like a network
sitcom and the gun can right away oh
that's rain that apparently wasn't that
bad
I don't know it but guy can't knowing
she also is I'm like two episodes of
that Paul Scheer like NST oh yeah oh
guys here's the billy-bob quote already
we're living in a time when we're making
in my humble opinion the worst movies in
history they're geared towards the
video-game-playing generation and these
video games which I'm on my son about
constantly these games are people
killing for fun and I think
traditionally in movies there's always
been some kind of lesson in violent
movies
what was the lesson in die hard
yeah don't die so soft
yeah no it sounds more like it sounds
more like he's just kind of out of touch
I mean I would agree that a lot of
modern action movies suck but it sounds
like Billy Bob Thornton might be a
cranky old man he sounds a little home
town markup thank you for subscribing
for the past six months now thank you
well you watch less ah speaking of
actually good action movies John wick
with Keanu Reeves I've heard great
things it's really fucking good as far
as an action movie and it's like not a
great movie but like the action it is
really well done cuz I ate like the the
close-up shaky-cam quit cutting and this
is like nice wide shots you see the
fight choreography the house of creative
fight scenes yeah really really solid
action movie that's good you actually
care about him as a character that's
great yeah I like that yeah it's it's
pretty good okay I hear I hear they're
they're already talking sequel oh why
didn't I don't even know if it was a hit
it was I guess I'm talking see going on
there's no reason to make a sequel the
stories told yeah what he's fighting for
in that movie is that like that's the
movie like I don't want to see another
movie with him beating people up this is
motivation in it is like perfect that's
great I've been you know I keep seeing
that come up on unstuff and is like I
should I should watch that I think I
would say
worth watching you heard it here
marvelous and John wick
come on worth watching oh they're saying
even I would understand the motivation
of John wick oh do they repeat it like
every ten minutes cuz you know I need
that they there's one scene where he
gets really upset and he kind of spells
it out a little more than the movie
needed to okay keep coming get on the
surface
he's fighting these guys because they
killed his dog oh but that's just on the
surface oh well the dog represents which
is pretty apparent no then they have a
scene where he has to directly explain
gotten what the dog represents this is
just in case anyone is really dumb
gotcha no I was gonna turn you then turn
again yeah I'm not good at this yes
we've all seen every 90s commercial ever
and enjoyed it
oh god yeah it's great yeah it was funny
I I put a link to it in the beginning of
the chat
oh yeah that's where we started yeah
fragment performance Jake oh but uh yeah
every nineties come here summer funny
stuff different area sure those uh
whatever those rocket jump guy is a good
stuff I no idea there that's that
Freddie way I don't know that is he did
it's a pretty famous youtuber Freddie
Boop okay he does video game things you
might not know you you might not know
pretty Wang you're right not Freddie
wooo Freddie wooo is the oh my god I
apologize to Freddie Wong who's not
listening to this
because on his YouTube channel his
YouTube channel just used to be Freddie
W and so I apologize profusely so no one
in particular
so it's too quick beyond it's really
quick yeah beyond infinite I have an
answer for your question again infinite
asks honest question what will happen if
boyhood wins best got best Oscar yeah
yeah the answer is absolutely fucking
nothing the world will keep turning
people will forget about it next year
what you know name the movies that have
won Best Picture last for the last ten
years I bet you can only name a couple
of them shit James shit was not shit was
that one shit did you love them I'll
worship yeah but was the most impressive
building us a bar the 21st century yes
of course like important movie ever made
like like who who's still talking about
the artists but that's I've mentioned
that no shit I'm stuck I mentioned that
honor let's tap on the back ever so oh
yeah like that was the huge movie that
year nobody talks about it anymore
yep guess what people two years from now
no one will remember what boyhood is
this is a very true thing
one year Julia Roberts won Best Actress
over Ellen Burstyn Ellen Burson's
performance in requiem for a dream which
is an amazing performance Julia Roberts
won for Erin Brockovich who cares
yeah the Oscars oh there you go someone
is saying remember crash meaning oh yeah
crash yeah that's another one that was
like biggest speaking French I think we
crashed I crashed in the game and then
we crashed did everything crash
everything crashed
are we still streaming I'm not sure I
think we're still open maybe not they
did so bad try again um if someone else
wants to play something they can I'm
having fun but I know I'm terrible if
you're fun I don't I don't give a shit
okay well I think we're back on now
let's go back to the newbie zone okay
that sounds like a great idea you guys
so we were talking about crash and the
computer crashed
yes I would have the computer Tron -
killer app crashed it's kind of kind of
spooky we can hear your great
we're back here again everybody
exam no damn it this game oh my god oh
my god oh we never went that great
I'm so sorry everybody although I don't
know what the Nuzlocke challenge is
you'll have to explain that to me it's a
Pokemon thing apparently now I don't
know I don't know what the Nuzlocke
challenge is so explain what that is and
I'll tell you if I would ever consider
doing that for a prereq stream you
should it's a good easy baccala so great
we're gonna be killed we're gonna go
come on rich
you see in the top in the top left-hand
corner it shows all the bikes that are
not won by default my magic triangle
circle thing here paul blart plow plots
thank you for subscribing say that one
paul Blart
paul clark paul paul paul blart mall
what is it
paul war yeah Paul well now he just got
me killed so so far I would have killed
myself paul blart mall Paul Clark
perfect thanks for cooking perfect ok
Nuzlocke challenge
oh my guises they're so fast yeah you
Orion Lexus for this shit
yeah a Pokemon that faint is considered
dead and must be released that's nice
only catch the first please there's no
second chances
oh yeah that's an interesting thing shit
that's an interesting challenges I've
you won't understand because but the
Nuzlocke Jam seems interesting the other
challenge that I've wanted to do or that
I have done personally in Pokemon is you
only get to catch six Pokemon so you
know of course there's hundreds of
Pokemon in every game but in order to
make the game harder for me I've given
myself a limit where I can only catch
six and no more and so there's no
swapping them out for Pokemon later
there's no like building them up and
just to fight one you can hold me catch
six the entire game toughest fuck yes we
will do a Pokemon stream of rich we'll
play pokemon it will be a great time
damn it I have not agreed to this it's
gonna happen and if he's not gonna do it
I'm gonna play pokemon while rich and
Jay talk about shit it's gonna be
awesome
that sounds great fucking love Pokemon I
have not played any of the new
generation of Pokemon which is upsetting
to me mostly
for yourself honestly you need to play
others Pokemon poké ball the Pope I need
to get a 3ds with a card that's why I
don't want to run away I want to kill
these guys why didn't your strategy of
hitting them head on
well that's not my strategy that's just
what happens what's happening miss mr.
glitchet doesn't make you a bad person
if you've never played a Pokemon game
there it certainly does not it just
means he hasn't played it hasn't played
it I would I'd recommend it just go
straight for its it's like a light to
our PG it's fun you see a cute little
monster thing like a good strategy
get to know what I heard there's a
button to see it up and slow down Itamar
source right end zone phenomena what
what's going on nothing these days doing
something with us pokedex J's doing
space cop visual effects on after thanks
you might be caught yes a ruse thank you
he's got a bit also neko Cola
thank you for subscribe these must be
people who want us to play pokemon no
problem oh my god excuse me I burped and
you might have heard that a lot of
subscriptions you're gonna be open this
is gonna take forever this guy I know
you're gonna drive around beyond
infinite says all these Pokemon games
are ruining movies get off my lawn I
agree I think I think she's saying like
dumbed down Hollywood movies and
thinking this video games movies are
really dumb I don't know that I would
blame video games cuz it started with
CGI in the 90s when video games were
hurry oh yeah
video game generation expects non-stop
explosions and then he said somebody's
seen his son play video game yeah so
it's probably just walked into his room
his like this is dumb Hollywood movies
are done I guess there's a correlation
right
yeah good thing that Billy Bob Thornton
is a good actor because otherwise he
would bug me more he's just a dickhead
he's kind of a dick all I can think of
is like a while back he was on huh he
was unlike like a Canadian Reno I saw
that yeah yeah with his band and someone
was like so you you act you're in a band
like how does how did he deal with doing
both of them and he just was a dick to
the guy yeah it was like he didn't want
to talk about movies or something right
isn't that what he had two previous ed
you should a sweet move you did you did
it I did it how do you think to do that
I saw him coming towards me so I reacted
I don't know if Jay can talk to you guys
more about possession he'd be delved
into it pretty deeply but Jay if you
would like to talk more about possession
possession is the best movie it's the
best movie ever and everybody should
watch it it's hard to find but it's it's
really really great I don't know what me
to say that I haven't already talked
about right he did a whole thing on it
convinced me I should watch it I'm
excited to see it everyone shows oh
that's right mr. glitched Billy Bob
Thornton was like would you ask Tom
Petty about his acting career no cuz
he's not an actor
using the postman yep actor Billy Bob
Thornton is a dancer an actor and he was
an actor first yeah
listen this might be common knowledge
but I just saw something about community
I thought was great
I've never I've never actually seen an
episode of community oh yeah I was
watching a clip on YouTube and
apparently the third time that they
mentioned beetlejuice oh yeah show yeah
in the background through a window
somebody dressed well that's fun yeah
yeah the name Beale Jesus said three
different times than when they say it
the third time it's Justin far in the
background it's not same episode either
is it is it different episodes or is it
the same as its I wanna say it's all in
the same episode
okay been a while I've seen other things
on the internet where it's like in the
beginning of a season you see like a
couple in the background get together
and then later on in the season you see
that same couple like getting married in
the background and then later on in the
season you see like that couple giving
birth in the Bears yeah there's lots of
background gags it's a smart show
sometimes maybe I'll watch one of these
days damn it he's going faster they're
saying that Alison Brie is real pretty
like yes yes I agree wholeheartedly Jay
got excited I like that Elsa know she is
very attractive and she's also super
funny know which makes her more attract
oh that was good yeah jonbi 820 damn it
if you're looking for some cool music
videos to watch one you should watch
turn down for what oh god yeah because
that's an amazing music video should
also look into we are water music video
directed by Eric Wareheim I forget what
the what the name of the band is but I
know the song is called we are water and
it's a fucking amazing music video
there's a there's a million a million
jillion great music videos out there
right
oh that's right she is in madmen as well
she's the wife in Mad Men Jay doesn't
watch madmen no no breeze on that - yeah
I do I just was putting it together I
was just putting it together do you want
your chair back oh I just need to sit
somewhere but there's no way for me to
get around no I was reminded speaking of
ladies yeah I was we watched a movie for
best of the worst recently but the next
best of the worst that had pj souls in
it there's a writing of how big of a
crush I had on PJ Souls in high school
cuz she was in the movie rock and roll
high school okay and she's like just so
energetic and perky in that movie I had
the biggest crush on her that in
Halloween she's one of the friends she's
one of the girls there's three of them
she's one of them okay she's the one
that dogs her boyfriends is I goes on to
get the beer and then comes back up into
Michael Myers with a sheet over him and
then he strangles her with the phone
line okay that's P Jesus okay be like
what PJ Zeus Peters is great if you
haven't seen rock and roll high school
you will fall in love with PJ soles
because of that movie and it's a fun
movie anyway have you ever seen it what
rock n roll high school no The Ramones
it's a fun movie even regardless of that
sure sure
no I know it's one of those I don't know
I don't like movies or music or books or
video games you know what I understand
fuck you jack I know I'm sorry I just
okay and I don't find ya how do we
decide what movies were gonna watch on
best of the worst we figure it out yeah
we look at like what have we done lately
um what happened we done lately what
movies do we have that fit the genre
that we haven't done lately yeah
recently we received a ton of a certain
genre of movie and you're like well we
got a bunch of these and they all look
great
so let's watch those for the next best
of worst and that's how it was done yeah
and we do have a big sheet of ideas for
episodes we haven't used any of them yet
but we haven't we we actually spent a
decent amount of time like writing down
and coming up with a list of ideas that
we have since never used yeah but we can
use them if we don't have any other
ideas for like well we got that list
just look at the list oh yeah we'll do
try to find a theme yeah
that's right I only enjoyed a good wood
carving craftsmanship what Christmas
that's the only thing I enjoy wood
carving and the occasional ukulele solo
I was that true they made an unofficial
sequel to robot jacket the family global
robot students really know they made
there was a sequel called Robot Wars
okay but that was still stop-motion
robots what who said that unless they're
just thinking of another movie with
robots in it but the the sort of sequel
made by Charles ban in the same
production company was Robot Wars that's
super boring yeah but it knows that it's
not much from the robots digital artery
defend yourself tell me what move
yourself J says you're full of shit I'm
calling you out and if you don't defend
yourself he's gonna punch you in the
face oh yeah I said it Oh it's called
robo-warrior that has nothing to do with
robot jocks unofficial sequel so does
that just mean like it's also about it's
just another movie with giant robots
it's a Pacific Rim is an unofficial
sequel to a robot Johnson right they
stopped fighting each other to fight the
big monsters yes that's actually how the
yeah other people have also suggested a
worst of the best oh yeah well we were
talking about the other day there was a
couple movies surahs like these are -
they're B movies but they're probably
too good
yeah where it wouldn't be like funny or
painful to watch yeah so we might do
that oh wait I think we have two movies
in mind and we could easily find a third
comes from our suffering
yeah episode where we watch a good movie
gonna be a different thing and when we
accidentally watch a good movie that's
its own thing - yeah I never would like
Extro and thunderpants yeah extras three
I want to re-watch that - I haven't seen
it since then
SiC moves
she got moves like uh sure not like
jagger cuz he's an old man
uh sure good man I'm Adam Sandler best
of the worst no no we don't eat
ourselves that much oh I did I did want
to do like a UH like a 2014 budget flop
best of the worst hmm oh yeah we talked
about that where we watch you like
actual big Hollywood movies that just
did really poorly and yeah suffice but
again part of the charm is older movies
yeah more so I just want to see I
Frankenstein will do something we have
to do something with i Frankenstein
because I'm still curious to see it too
right don't you just want to know what's
going on
former SNL members best of the worst oh
that might be too bad yeah remember
something we've talked about a lot is
nothing is worse than failed comedy yes
nothing
by the way I can't get it to accept uh
one of the buttons on this controller he
is in it to win and he lost it no but he
was in it in order to use the power-ups
I need to click on the mouse button may
the best camera travel route that how
many copies of i Frankenstein do we need
I guess just ones one I know it's on
Netflix right now - it's really
something I can't my only problem is
usually you know like I only watch stuff
oh yeah I can't put her through that
yeah that's understandable
valera program fuck you we've kind of
done that yeah you can't do the watching
three movies at the same time thing
again yeah it was reserved for the right
free movies yes there would be no
purpose in doing it again not funny the
second time yeah there were a lot of
comments oh he put that video up though
they were like do these movies next it's
like now it's a one-off yeah there's no
reason to do it again it would be it
would be interesting educational you
know like how you guys are finding the
similarities and story structure so they
would it would be an interesting
educational piece fuck
also we don't want to die
thank you do that with the right that
made rich rethinking
yes resin did you ever see the matrix
equals yeah okay
I remember seen the second one in the
theater we went to a midnight showing of
it like first showing and everybody was
jazz and the movie starts you know the
opening logo comes up and everyone
breaks out an applause yeah yeah every
was so excited and then a Titan of like
that for the first opening action scene
there was some applause and there's a
bunch of boring dialogue and everyone
was quiet and then there's the fight
with all the Smiths in the the where
they yeah yeah yeah with all the Smiths
amends and there's like a tiny
smattering of applause and then it was
just dead silence for the rest of the
movie that was no that was too but yeah
and then it was like after that fight
everyone's like I guess I don't mind the
Matrix sequels that much they they are
their own thing I don't think I hate him
as much as a lot of other people but
that's also because I wasn't super into
the matrix to begin with right
I think it's good but I wasn't like you
know it wasn't like Star Wars to me here
the Lord of the Rings or something right
but they're still not very good no
there's tons and tons of stilted boring
dialogue yeah I liked what they were
trying to do story wise I thought it was
interesting you know storylines
but it was just so unnecessary
the matrix the matrix was its own
insular thing yeah yeah I really I
really did like the the Animatrix those
little short stories I never saw that
you know because there was just like
little pieces of the world yeah well
once you establish like at the end of
the first movie neo is Superman now yeah
like once you establish that guy
remember the Agent Smith fight at the
end he just flies away you're like why
was he fighting him to begin with he
could have float away in any moment
right just think this is all so
pointless now there's no there's no
weight to it ya know and then it's like
he can stop bullets midair right like
that's that's one of the first scenes
right he stops all the hundreds of
bullets and so then they kung fu fight
it's like why don't you stop their fists
or the sword they're swinging at you why
can you only stop bullets and nothing
else or just fly away or because you can
do this he's just fucking with them why
he's having fun
fucking he's having fun how can you tell
these I mean funny things it makes sense
it's it's it's it's a Sherlock Holmes
skill which you eliminate all other
possibilities when you're left with it
has to be the truth okay it's fucking
with them I agree mr. glitch the
Animatrix is the sequel the series
really you watch the first movie and
then watch the Animatrix and it just
gives you little chunks of the world
it's great Animatrix is really amazing
stories I've never seen I recommend that
high
the sequels are just so unnecessary
Richard much better at this than I am
yes Batman has Animatrix tight shorts no
John kilo link link me that would be
great
Nico : I am enjoying a lovely snack of
water
as you should know I usually don't snack
what I'm here because I have to drive
home and I'm a responsible adult Wow
it's true
I'm also a terrible terrible lightweight
if there's anything you need to know
about me is I can no longer hold my
boobs so if I have one I'm done for them
tonight
I know I have not seen black mirror yet
I'm so you gotta watch it I know no good
I'm talking weeks into it we're gonna
yeah
next next chance we can watch it there
you go can't wait to see that pig fucker
it's the first episode you're like
alright I guess this is where we're
going
thank you thank you already seen you li
almost
what are you saying
text it father twice over and I crossed
another pig fucker so what you're just
describing what happens on the show this
what I'm saying on the show they want to
make a guy fuck a pig right that's just
the premise when you prefer we say make
love I'm pretty sure that's not the case
have relations with the pig oh he's
gonna naughty that oh shit
no I'm not I'm not terribly excited for
the new season of Game of Thrones I I
mostly watch it because it's what my
wife likes to watch cuz she read the
books and as I've mentioned before if it
wasn't a long time I have to have to
have her tell me like oh this guy is
this and he's doing this how many books
are there supposed to be the six is
supposed to be supposedly not coming out
this year right what is the TV show do
when they catch up even if they manage
to dodge the bullet and catch up with
the sixth book in seventy you've gotta
take years of the six one two years oh
yeah he doesn't go for the show HBO will
catch up sooner or later
what do they do they just cancel the
show do they make up their own ending
take a weight that's make it way yeah if
I tell they don't have what if the
actors are doing other things
well actors are gonna weigh around or
they'll do what didn't when they were
filming the Potter the Harry Potter
movies the last book wasn't done yet and
I think like JK Rowling just like so
that girl is that what they did yeah
okay I don't know why I whispered this
is secret JK Rowling informed the
writers of her plans how they could get
an early start on drafts I believe
necro dance the night away what is this
