Episode 039
Metroid Prime - Jack Solo Stream (Part 1)
February 16, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qzc7R0EOKw
___________________________________________

we are now attempting this dream again
this is oh the stream is now one minute
late technical issues have made the
stratum one minute late if you guys are
going to count that one minute I mean I
would buy that out absolutely by that
now have I lost that giant list of
subscribers I saw okay we are live great
I saw that giant list of subscribers
which I'm very very grateful for but now
enough time has gone past where I no
longer see all of those subscribers but
I like the fuck thank each and every one
of you just like I thank for bill hold
thank you for subscribing me very much
appreciated the last three months you've
been with us um I hear things and see
things but it's really quiet it might be
a little quiet it might be a little
quiet we hear nothing audio is very low
okay give me one second we can turn my
audio and the game audio up what the
fuck GS hots thank you for subscribing
we very much how about now now you
should be hearing and seeing things a
little bit better wait for confirmation
super quiet game cube is boss by the way
I'm really excited
quiet be to do what fuck is loud no
sound boss game volume is good and you
are quiet ok sounds good sounds great
thank you or still a little quiet rich
is too loud rich is always too loud
let's be honest sounds great great
doesn't show the stream we are streaming
I see we are streaming now which is
great sounds good Jack's voice is better
that's better not great oh gosh let's
get started we're that's just gonna wrap
so decor but rap so decor but thank you
for subscribing I really appreciate it
thank you thank you for coming out what
the fuck's are
got a whole lot I can do except for turn
me up hold on maybe I can turn me up
okay so now both me and the game audio
should be up more so if you just turn
the whole thing down then the what the
fuck should be slightly smaller yeah
okay so now I should be up more the game
should be up more you should be hearing
me and the game the fuck let's see
krokodil brain thank you for subscribing
I really appreciate it Thank You
crocodile brain the past two months now
that's better since great now great
great great please Jack please say
Metroid's the way you say sectoid
metroid look good Oh Elvis I can't stop
you from hearing boyhood that's just how
the way it's gonna be things are never
gonna change i'm playing metroid prime
for the gamecube anyone who just saw my
tweet what the fuck directly from a
grain game to oh my lord Kairu king
Kairu king thank you for subscribing I
really appreciate it the past four
months now really appreciate that what
the fuck MC Lucas wicka wicka thank you
for subscribing the past eight months
and see wishes we really appreciate it
Oh rap city Corp thank you afraid it's
your first live stream you're usually at
work Elvis delvis are great subscribe a
great moderator Elvis thank you for
subscribing again John B 820 thank you
for subscribing I really appreciate it
guys I really really appreciate it might
have to change some of these settings
later can't fix it oh well why should he
bother when people keep subscribing even
when they won't bother to keep a nice
dream going why what's going on what's
my nice dream turn down announcement
volume please identify him to hear you
and it's way too loud
all I can really do is both turn up me
and the game volume and then hopefully
be what the fucks will be slightly
yes
game sound is louder now no this is not
running on an emulator this is on my
gamecube okay everything's fine go go go
go we're not live this is incredible
cranky jack okay so now everything
should be better everything should be
better the game sound is quieter I have
turned the game sound up I actually have
I don't know how to turn down riches
angelic what the fuck voice besides just
turning off the subscriber bothering you
all that much I will just turn it down
so now you all have to make sure you let
me know if there is a subscriber because
I might might not hear it because I
turned off the subscriber notification
I was thinking about playing metroid
prime i really i really loved this game
when i first played it and then someone
on twitter suggested this and I said
okay I I really I really remember loving
the crap out of this game and this is a
game that I refer to a lot whenever I'm
talking to people about good use of
gameplay as a story mechanic and showing
and not telling so this is usually a go
to game that got it writes the whole
story versus gameplay stuff so oh I see
that con man 586 thank you for
subscribing I very much appreciate it
Jack hates strip clubs and farscape but
loves the interview what I think a lot
of people dislike strip clubs and for
escape you know that's just me that's
fine that's fine why am I watching a
boring cutscene that is a really
important question that is a really
important question because it's because
it's Metroid all I need to remember I
need to remember how to play this game
now oh man it has been a long time
oh great can't look up why can't I look
up that seems oh that's right that's
right you you have to like aim oh man oh
man this is great blocking on two
targets I'm ready to go tutorial Oh
scanning yes scanning I love this
I just ask an advisor
yeah so like this is the great thing
this was like central gameplay mechanic
is the scanning stuff right and it's how
you figure it's a it's how you find out
about the story it's how you find out
about unless the switches over it okay
great and it's amazing combat visor the
only problem is now my eid crocodile
brain skinnable objects appear as orange
targets this which does not seem to be
operational the control panel on the
pillar in this room can turn oh right
see it's because I wasn't paying
attention so the control panel over here
the pillar pillar over here oh oh that's
it oh man yes the pillar behind I can't
listen it takes to get my give me a
little bit here we go boom boom I want
to say there's a way to cycle targets
too that's what I want
oh of course boom boom jump make sure
you're not how to jump that's important
in any game do-do-do-do do-do-do-do like
any good metroid game starts you out
with some powers use the ABM to open
doors easy peasy easy motherf love and
PZ does this look weird on your screen
does it look smushed ok right i just
learned that about opening doors scan
that beach
great open open great dogs and Jack
can't look up right big run is saying
he's not too familiar with stream cell
phone wants to know my setup for
streaming console games so right now i
have my gamecube hooked up to my capture
device which is a hauppauge HPR i want
to say it's hbr a hauppauge captured
device nice and it is a to do the dev
severe spinal injury I don't know it's
what we use to record gameplay footage
it was incredibly large muscle structure
surrounding the jaw area oh no it's what
i'm using right now my gamecube so my
gamecube is plugged into the hauppauge
which is running to the hajj capture
software on my computer and then i'm
using OBS open broadcaster software to
capture the little window that apagas
streaming into to streaming it out to
you guys the alp hog was relatively
inexpensive and the OBS is free obvious
is a free broadcasting software which is
great and that's what we use and i use
my hauppage a lot for like i said not
only for streaming but also this is
probably where I came in this where I
came in this feels like where I came in
this is definitely where I came in not
for streaming but also for recording
gameplay footage for the show works
great for consoles has RGB in component
in and HDMI through which is incredibly
helpful so like for example when we're
applying a ps4 game or
or or anything like that the hdmi threw
in a yellow goober LD you in a little
goober the HDMI through means that the
issue of my past or means that we can
play live and it still records without
any space crisis cool cool space pirates
yeah it's cool
right
can I is so here's a question level one
of the game can I figure out where to go
probably this way oh yeah okay it's very
strange not oh he looks still alive oh
hey he's still shooting at me get out of
here you jerk I was scanning you because
he's shooting me what a dillweed so
Gibby I don't this is the only capture
device I've ever used so I cannot tell
you if this is better or worse than any
other capture device ah it works it
works for us it's the the only thing
weird is the the software side of things
can be wonky sometimes
and so I feel like that is a door that I
don't know okay I got through that you
would think that this is the thing you
couldn't pass through so the software
side of things is wonky sometimes and I
try actually not to use hauppauge
capture I used a different software
that's a little bit older in a little
bit wonky er to actually capture
approved I actually I use OBS a lot too
what is this platform active great to
capture stuff because I find it simpler
so the actual device is very nice and
like I said that pass through is super
convenient but the software that you
need to run with it is that is the real
problem with the hauppauge looks like
Liza okay great shit
oh right morph ball more fault I
remember what's that oh ah dick
that there we go so I remembering how to
play the game doing away with club
nintendo North America oh I didn't know
that did I ever owned any pogs that's a
weird question probably at some point
listen we all we all had pogs right
that's just a oh shit
space pirate what about you orbs I
remember most of this stuff I remember
most of this it has been a incredibly
long time since I've played this game
guys I will be very very honest with you
mara Mara I am I'm you know I've got
four for those of you who don't know for
a while I did you know for a couple
weeks I did solo streams by myself fire
missiles well why do i do I need to fire
missiles Oh probably that thing there we
go yeah I did silver streams for a while
by myself and you know did fine I
thought and then rich started joining in
for hack and a half whoa
which I thought it's great and it's
always had it's always fun to have
someone to bounce off of as far as as
far as actually entertaining you guys is
concerned so you know I I do miss that
not having someone to bounce off of I've
gotten kind of used to that and so
preparation oh please step into the
hologram so just having to talk to
myself here is a little rough but I'm
sure I'll figure it out again man so
many things to scan I don't know this is
just me but like I definitely I
definitely feel compelled to just scan
absolutely everything in this game and I
don't know why that is like I don't know
like if it's just because like it is a
choice you know it's it's it's not
integral to the game it's it's a choice
and so because it's my choice and
because like I know I don't know I don't
know what makes this more compelling
than other scanning mechanics or if it
even is more compelling i think is more
compelling
oh here it is here's the elevator thingy
I'm compelled to scan all the things
there's the oh damn you
get out of here you big what is that who
that I really need to deal with these
pirates before I go scanning everything
now get out of here
okay all right that's for real and if I
remember correctly I can just go like
this and that these things come to me
yes ok back to scanning don't mind me
just scanning see I like this you know
like figuring this out for myself this
is like some sort of every specimen we
will have a document of every specimen
ended in the universe I kind of like
that sets up the mood right
who dat are you alive cuz I will kill
you acid burns I'm gonna kill you I
don't care if you have acid burns who
who's firing at me mutagen tank okay
great let's get out of here it's really
upsetting to me not having control for
anyone who doesn't know I don't have
control over look I can base it movement
and turning is one big thing I don't
have I don't have any strafe right now
which is really upsetting for someone
who's used to playing more modern
first-person shooters great great so
like the even though the game who hasn't
little yellow stick i can't i can't look
around i suppose i only have access to
strafe like i don't have access to it
looking around and so if i want to look
up or down i have to lock my legs which
is fairly annoying hey don't mess up my
scanning space pirate
I was right in the middle of scanned
some shit you just jump in there like a
big goober ah of course because of
course it's a Metroid game somehow these
aliens designed giant metal spheres as
keys knowing full well that one of their
greatest adversaries turns into a giant
metal sphere
yeah I see something holding L will let
you strength right so holding out lets
you strafe but then you can't look up or
down and you can't look left to right
and if you hold are you can look around
but then you can't walk there's no
there's no in-between and it's
infuriating if you've ever played a real
FPS just just infuriating we're gonna
let it go because it was a different
time but still he's insert metallic
sphere haha come on scan and all the
shit subject looks like it's been
partially eaten what when I come from I
came from there today yes superbad a
save station the hose were the days a
real FPS like Call of Duty right sorry
not a real FPS yes that was mean of me
that was very that it was mean of me to
say real FPS in more modern FPS is in pc
FPS is that's that's what i really meant
to say this is not something that you
would find in a pc FPS which was a
little snobbish of me nope that's my
missile it's not wish of me and I
apologize
right and of course all you guys are you
saying you know why would you ever use a
controller and a real FPS but I disagree
with you and whatever that's fine
everything's fine you're right you're
right scarf that something rich would
say
try not to be so bitchy but it comes out
sometimes
scan the enemy to find its weak point
genetically enhanced by unknown means a
weak spot has been detected in this
creatures mouth use your auto targeting
to acquire a new target great great
get real now guys
this is getting a little real
all right let's get it to death right
right
but you know it's it's part of the game
scanning
being aware of your surroundings like
that's part of your job is is you know
you're figuring out the I don't even
know what this story of this game is
should also pay more attention to my
health bar jump button to dodge while
strafing Thank You CG lover
it also it does yes this game also has
jumping puzzles which are one hundred
percent out of place oh shit evacuating
evacuating oh it's gonna
thank you all those like I do kind of
love the jumping puzzles in this because
they are so difficult ended there's a
way to look at it more fun which is like
if you're in this super amazing battle
suit shit what is that am I stuck on now
whatever gave you I'm getting out here
jesus H Christ
this creature is deceased well fucking
death how do I get out of here now
yeah die kill it with fire
I kind of love your limited movement
because it adds to the tension so much
and you know you're in this bulky space
armor shit I don't care about you watch
me not care about your bugs but open
obviously I'm way wrong about this but I
still glad I was fun i also just don't
remember i'm probably going to get to
some of these jumping puzzles and just
give up because it's so awful so mark my
words now i'm saying i like it now but
I'm probably one hundred percent
incorrect okay oh my god I got to leave
these bugs alone these bugs are doing me
no good
also right now I'm a little annoyed at
how much screen my gun is taking up coop
there we go which I suppose is the
balance for you know like when I'm
charging like this just takes a ton of
space which I guess is the bounds for
having such a powerful weapon activated
which I get get it
No
hmm I have all this time I'm running I'm
in the game I'm into the game guys
you and not quite sure what the purpose
of those bugs are except for to annoy me
they are doing that open up door there's
probably like a phase 2 to the boss
fight that I am unaware of at the moment
well excuse me oh my gonna die no yes
did I die no okay I'm fine I'm fine
I'm with it I am a hip and I am with it
making this work for me I'm hip and
with-it open up thank you and and
remember you guys might not remember how
awesome samus looks when this game came
out this was not a normal thing this was
the first 3d Samus game already good old
Ridley gobbledygook says Jack do you
consider Nintendo to be your favorite
brand of video game companies
you know yeah I mean I guess just by the
fact that almost by default yes great
lately no lately no but overall yes that
is what I will say great got a scan guys
lately Nintendo has not made anything
great say yes or else various email
morphol oh yes here it is all the stuff
malfunctions someone pasted for me like
what the story of this game is because
I've already forgotten
I lost
I lost i'm kinda lost
am i morph ball malfunction oh here we
go okay nine is sickening walking like
this
space pirates as bad is it was
depressurizing come on jerks
the only yeah oxygen here who said that
ncc-1701 the only reason I care about
Nintendo moments because the new zelda
right the only route so the only reason
we care about Nintendo anymore is
because of old life geez they are still
coasting off of old love which is fine
that's fine and acceptable as long as I
keep making good stuff but
they haven't made anything they haven't
made anything new or interesting in a
while and their business that's fun does
this game even have Metroid's in it it
does it does tracking an enemy target
has been lost ground-based recon
required yes but splatoon right there's
platoon
you know there there have been companies
that have done more there have been
companies that have made games that I've
liked more in recent years there have
been companies that have made platforms
that I like even more valve and so
there's a lot there's a lot more out
there nintendo will always have a place
nintendo will always have a place
yeah this is I'm
it says azam does the screen look funny
to you like does it look so much does it
look smushed in four by three are you
guys fine with it and look it feels
funny to me can I go to our or my
options here we go
if I stretch it that does that look
better to you guys if I stretch it out
like this you tell me captain yeah you
say it looks so much the first time it
feels smushed okay here this should look
better
my eyes are opposite he down a little
bit he'd system well what was it I don't
know great what are you thoughts in a
radio shack right and system off yeah uh
what are my thoughts on radio shack I
think like many of us i was now i was
gonna make the joke that everyone makes
which is that i was surprised they were
in business to begin with but i actually
use radio shack a lot I'm you know so
I'm a little Oh get out here I'm a
little bummed that they filed for
bankruptcy I didn't hear the rumor that
Amazon is looking at buying them up just
to get their retail locations which
would be awesome
to make amazon shippings faster and
smoother here we go there's a dar
alright so the metroid game begins let
the metroid hang begin so many things to
metroid look at that metroid Jesus
Christ scan it scan it with fire new
creature entry has been downloaded to
your logbook beetle this is a beta shit
get out of here
damn vital eat damn vital all right um
so yeah radio shack I might have been
one of the few people who actually like
went to radioshack er like semi normally
normally semi-regularly open up that's
where I came from right so but obviously
I didn't go there often enough nor did
anyone for them to be a viable business
but I do I will if they close down other
stores i will miss them because often i
would just need a weird connector or
weird adapter that you know same day and
of course you can get any connector any
adapter at any time or you can get any
advanced training connector but not same
day and that's the big difference buy
anything for amazon but
killed it I killed it killed it with
fire fire fire fire set fire to your
face on fire set fire to the world on
fire guys like blood brothers yeah me
too also if you didn't I'm cool with
that where are these things can I shoot
them why can I can shoot them that's
that's fantastic news shoot all the
things I fuck you think Jack did you
play for the whole metro metroid prime
trilogy yes yes I did ages ago you know
when they first came out I have not
played them recently and I did not play
the re-release when they rereleased the
whole trilogy on the wii i did not play
that giving them all the wii controls i
did not yeah because i was so he's
playing this like the wii controls were
fine but as Jack talked about the zelda
netflix thing that probably isn't true
well no it's true zelda is talking with
Nintendo about making a Zelda a
live-action Zelda series for netflix
exclusive the thing we don't know yet
hold on for a second Oh laughter Sam the
thing we don't know is if it's going to
happen it is true that they're talking
with them but basically the announcement
is that Netflix is pitching Nintendo and
of course Nintendo is very apprehensive
after the Super Mario Brothers movie so
it's quite possible that nothing is
going to happen but
oh we don't know Zelda is talking with
Nintendo is that what I said Netflix is
talking with Nintendo Jack talks
sometimes and sometimes even it makes
sense oh I already got you
hmm I am kind of kind of in love with
this it's probably it's mostly probably
nostalgia it's it's one hundred percent
nostalgia why I'm so in love with this
but I'm kind of in love with this Zelda
anime with cowboy beeble level are to
come someone is saying Zelda anime with
cowboy bebop level art that would be
that would be really nice but I could
also see it going live action you know
they were calling it or they were
describing it as kind of a game of
thrones but for the whole family and I
think that would be awesome I think that
fantasy in general is something that is
not seen it's not seen too much on TV
right now passageway to shrine good to
know Jojo what's over here
is that what are you oh that's right i
don't have my charge beam to trying to
use my charge beam what are you you're a
thing to a place ah and so i could see
that being the pitch you know with the
game of thrones being as hot as it is
right now it's like a full family a
family friendly game of thrones a kid
adventure look at that shit that's
awesome what is that
I am getting through these lasers like a
mother fucking pro he's got through all
those lasers as it turns out I'm pretty
awesome I don't know if you knew this
about me but I am pretty awesome here we
go to chose allure we chose our
departing now after so many years in
peaceful seclusion here until on for
when we came hell this place was a
refuge for our spirits the civilization
built from native materials bereft of
the trappings of our technology we will
link to the land here kindred to the
plants and the animals far away from
machines we had become so dependent on
and so we leave it now pristine a
testament to the more forms we no longer
need we have drawn the veils of time and
space as I and I was drawing beyond the
illusion but we will never forget this
the most sacred of our homes and we were
main ever watchful that's one you know
that is that's fun what's that purple
thing
you look like a thing
okay fuck yeah I hear you fucks alright
flying enemies I remember flying enemies
being the worst having to look up in
general just the worst I don't know
where I'm going that's the thing you
should know about me right now just kind
of playing playing the game you're a
thing that's chozo sculpture creature
has been downloaded into my log
out of here get out of here good
everybody's out of here and jump hey
great ok get your shows Oh gowron's
there's a save point back there is there
back where how far away am i from it I
need a save point because I can only
assume some biggs if you're if you're
telling me that there's a save point
that means that there's something
important coming up because there's a
point in here Oh was it one of those
other doors out here see I'm all of
interest in the save point I should have
just kept going I'm going to stop
listening to you guys now my energy is
low and there's the thing like over here
see god damn it god fucking dammit cat
kept fucking damn it
I shouldn't have listened to you told me
to go back to a safe point this is the
lesson I've learned I was doing really
good i thought uh Anna dead that's fine
this isn't a no death run or anything
I'm just playing and then you tell me
what the save point I stopped caring
true thing everything that happened no
that's where I came from this way new
game no no I'm I'm just playing I'm just
playing and enjoying playing in and join
doo doo doo killing all the Beatles doo
doodoo brain and enjoy an aquiline all
the Beatles you know those needles what
am I even talking sometimes sometimes I
am
great see how they reinforced and
scanning because scanning is important
to the story and so they make you scan
things every once in a while just to
remind that you they can scan things so
you can scan all the enemies and scan
the lore that's really nice a mosquito
murder mm-hmm murdered a mosquitoes up I
don't even care what a skittle is I'll
murder it I don't even know if those are
skittles I'll murder anything I'm
fucking Samus Aran I'm murder anything
for the good you think I should serve
referring to myself in the third person
for the good of his dream sometimes I do
that usually I only do that like in my
head I do that in case someone is
confused as to who's talking like if
it's me and rich and Jay you know you
know who we are but you're just hearing
our voices and so really I just do that
to make sure that you know that it's Oh
door cannot be opened with that weapon I
don't have a home oh my pan was going
the right way were you dingleberries
lying to me about there being a safe
spot over here you dingleberries
subscriber needed to be thanked who's
that did I miss describe the business
right item is a subscriber all right
also you guys have to let me know if I
miss a subscriber Jack speak like the
kraang oh how do they speak the new
kraang or the old kraang the new crank
is you know we are the ones we are the
ones who know the ones that we want the
ones that we want we are the ones that
want that samus is the one who will
defeat the Metroid's who want to defeat
samus who is the one who wants to defeat
the Metroid's fucking love the new
kraang they're hilarious I'm letting you
know you aren't paying attention I'm not
I mean I'm not nothing attention to what
that's the real question i'm not paying
attention to what did you turn down for
what we can go through this because we
we already read this
great oh I see I see there was another
dork in here so I needlessly died okay
that's fine here's the saves but I'm
with you oh fuck all right here we go
Grand Moff Cooley or colleague Grand
Moff Kali thank you for subscribing
these past four months thank you I
really appreciate it bottom right from
the bottom Meyer Oh subscribe oh thank
you captain to pick subscribers that
needs to be thanked ah crunchy is cream
crunchy is creamy thank you for
subscribing mr. glitch for the past
three months thank you for subscribing
and of course Grand Moff ghoulia I
didn't it thank you thank you guys all
sorry for missing you I because of the
audio problems we were having I turned
off subscription notifications because
we're having some issues we have enough
some loudness quietness issues and I
certainly apologize
do to do to do to shoot you chew
shooting all the things shoot you toot
shooting other things shoot shoot shoot
shoot and other things i'm shooting all
the things that yeah get out of here
okay oh my god no oh yeah over here huh
who do do do do do do do do do do you
know jumping in this game in general
yeah come on get her on the cot damn
corner I don't know how to feel about it
because you know like I was saying
before is janky it's jank I'm going to
go ahead and call it jank but it's
pretty realistic actual jumping I guess
or maybe not I don't know what is going
on in here object at a scanning range
and to fuck out of here that elevator
bridge looks worn but functional how
could you know that visor how could you
cut down though then
morning ah ok I get it I guess warning
why would it tell me warning that seems
weird sino can only be retrieved using
the elevator bridge ok here we go guys
oh god what's happening what's happening
the visor knows all it's true
now
fuck you yeah I know they're here what
is that get out of here whoa spin a do
yeah aah aah so many spinning to help
fuck fuck fuck get out get out of here
shit probably gonna die probably gonna
die probably gonna die get out of here
yeah I'm gonna die ok great
subscriptions thank you John be a 20 hi
off pixels thank you for subscribing I
really appreciate it hey listen guys I'm
playing the game i'm reading the chat
and playing the game as best I could
thank you John be a 20 ah you know I'm
gonna glance over as often as I can to
the chat to keep talking with you guys
but as you see there i'm not doing well
enough on my own let alone talking to
you guys we gotta beat metroid tonight
how we gonna be metroid tonight if i
keep talking to you guys about that huh
you just can't damn think about that for
a second
so what I want you to think about I want
this in the back of your heads is how am
I going to beat goddamn metroid tonight
metroid prime beat it in one night this
is a speedrun and killing for it says no
jack we exact nothing but absolute
perfection you are in the wrong channel
that I'm not gonna fall on you this time
I know better than that get over here
and then we saw it oh it happens again
Oh janvier 20 that's that's good to yes
any subscriber I miss just keep track
and you know I'll take little breaks
every once in a while okay away from the
stop get him get him get him I hit him
mother spin and where you
I
I'm just going to kink they come out of
here so i might be able to hit them know
all right here we go we got this we got
this we got this trick you a lot of
movement a lot of movement this one yeah
yeah I don't move where are you oh god
this make me dizzy making me dizzy hey
yeah yeah
ah ok concentrating
shit shit everything's fine everything's
fine
yeah yeah terrible things are happening
okay we got this we got this we got this
we got this we got to update gotcha you
got you we gotcha
and oh we did it we did it
