Episode 042
Matroid Prime & a Half (Part 1)
February 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMhWJsbvHgI
___________________________________________

it's the word V Jack now I'm not sure if
you've started or not no that was the
word they were okay so we should we have
just started okay have just started rich
here it is our first official sound
tests I thought you have done sound test
oh you mean the the confirmation from
the chapter test yeah I can't even read
the mom's and rubs that mask the pain
Cermak your husband into details
infinite oh my god thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
stop scrolling chat I can't read these
names if you keep scrolling uh-oh I
can't do it okay every time I scroll up
the screen Scrolls back down okay what
do I stop what did you get what did you
get the marital sheep yeah the material
to material sheep dock horror mister
8:00 a.m. Bork fanned balk fanned that
twerp ice bone badger Wigga bert inc l'm
vanessa navigator Rick Mick Berman Rick
McDormand 69 Ivan coat or beef meat slab
that's a good one I like that
Biff meat slab do you like big mr. buck
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated holy crap you guys Wow holy
crap that was that was a ton that was a
ton of streamer a ton of subscribers
right away there's like automatically
like go through when the chat starts
like you know does that was that like a
thing that could be Kay's 87 thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
everybody we appreciate all of that
we really do it just like it went by way
too fast oh yeah to get like same
individual times months names but but we
really really do appreciate it so yeah
we're doing to horde of people thank you
horde hold on I need to do our tweet our
official wrong shark spear thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
seven of barb nine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it I'm
sure there will be spider-man talk I'm
sure there will there will be spider-man
talking you don't worry about spider-man
talk Kato dare jr. is that right Jun you
engage weren't you hungry
whatever hit dude there's you one Gary
thank you for subscribing and I
apologize for mangling your name 100
percent 100 percent apologize almost
forgot well I didn't forget to tweet I
was tweeting I don't you know like I
never want to tweet before we start
because sometimes we have issues
sometimes we have issues starting on
time like with technical problems and so
I always want to wait until we're
streaming to tweet
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter rich
so yeah yeah spider that do you want to
talk about spider-man is this what we're
talking about
oh yeah was a good good thing to start
with his name we're both spider-man fans
and that's I suppose that's big
spider-man news big spider-man news yeah
that's fine my dear mrs. it's fine
what's fine that he's there's gonna be a
Marvel spider-man movie now uh where do
where do you start with this topic well
I first you have to give the news for
any that's probably a smart thing to do
Jack thank you thank you for that for
anybody who doesn't know oh my lord
Sony has granted Marvel permission to
make a spider-man movie and vice versa
invited vice versa and vice versa
how's that vice versa what what does
Marvel give up I don't think they gave
up anything you know one to shame
alright yeah alright I forgot what I
have to do it do I have my bun No
hold on rich I need to figure out what
where I want to go home a conversation
about something of you stopping to look
at buttons not buttons I just have to
remember what I have to do I forgotten
what I have to do and where I have to go
because I I was playing this on Sunday
talk about spider-man you fuck oh sorry
no I will I will I swear I will
no I was playing this on Sunday and then
I died and and I realized it had been a
while since I saved okay so you're
catching up to thanks
and so I have to some catching up the
things and so like I have to redo a
bunch of stuff thank you for subscribing
eight months in a row we really
appreciate that it's true okay so anyway
you're right Marvel is not giving up any
Marvel is is being granted the use of
spider-man in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe no money even exchanged hands
right right
Marvel what the fuck is going on over
it's Sony well Sony you know has are
they are they desperate
Sony had a slew of bad PR recently oh I
know they did and I know that last part
my movie was terrible
most of both of the last two both of the
last two were terrible and more more
importantly the second part the the
sequel to the Sony spider-man movie did
not make it as much money yeah and so
sony sony is now scrambling for a
lifesaver at least at least they're
smart enough to realize they don't know
what they're doing yeah if I give Sony
that much credit right so they're just
they're gonna let model kind of have
spider-man back I don't know like what
the fiscal arrangement is like is Sony
still putting up the money for the movie
and so let me send it to the prophets
according to the Marvel blog Sony is
still paying for and distributing the
movie but along with this deal Marvel
gets to use spider-man in their movies
like smart so spider-man can be a
character in their movies this does
Marvel get any kind of cut from those
movies
no no they get no cut from most movies
and Sony gets no cut from like like
let's say for example spider-man appears
in an Avengers movie right then Sony
would get no cut of that I'm sure I'm
sure Marvel cares about having
spider-man appear in the Marvel owned
movies like Avengers right well Marvel
really doesn't get much out of producing
a spider-man movie if sony's get to see
all the profits I have to imagine Marvel
sees some of that
if they make you know a standalone
spider-man movie I mean they might
they'd have to cuz I you know if I were
Marvel I wouldn't want to spend time
producing a movie just kid no profit
sure sure what what I mean Marvel movies
make a ton of money they don't need to
do some you know like work-for-hire
dollars and produce the move notes trick
the movie no no I I'm gonna make I'm
gonna make Iron Man for make a shitload
of money right so I have to imagine
Marvel gets some cut of the box office
for a new spider-man movie
it's like Sony is giving this up and
they're getting like relatively little
in return I'd imagine other than not
tanking the franchise I'm happy about I
guess
yes I don't know I don't know if I have
a better answer than yes as as far as
what Marvel does with spider-man I know
there's been a lot of talk about doing
the listening Miles Morales version the
black spider-man guy did the new
ultimate spider-man oh no I don't even
know about the new ultimate spider-man
that shows you how in touch was fight
with modern-day spider-man yeah lots
lots of people want to see the black
version of spider-man the Miles Morales
sure my here's what here's my here's my
opinion on them okay yeah I'm ready for
your opinion I grew up with Peter Parker
yeah I I was a young nerd Peter Parker
was a young nerd that's that's the
character I grew up with and idolized if
it's not Peter Parker I don't give a
shit who's Peter Parker is the character
I care about now I've never read any of
the new ultimate spider-man a lot of
people seem to like Miles Morales hmm
I'm sure he's a fine character and if
they want to go that route more power to
them sure but it's like me personally I
don't care I have no stake in that
particular version of spider ha ha sure
sure yes they do it if they do it it
doesn't bother me but I don't give a
fuck but it's just not it's not like
your tracker is the character I love
right and so then the question is who
are they trying to get to watch the
movie are they trying to get you or are
they trying to get everyone else
why don't I don't even know if they're
going to do that it's just this is some
like online rumors well they should do
that you know that kind of thing
oh sure as far as you know if they do go
with Peter Parker it's like you know I
don't know that people want to see the
origin a third time they can't do the
origin again no one cares about the
origin and they don't need to do the
origin I'm not saying I want to see the
origin again but is it weird to have
like a a new version of spider-man
without going over that territory at
least at least in like a detailed
flashback I don't know a hundred percent
not I mean you know like you can allude
to it you could do a flashback but
listen we are now as a movie-going
audience we are acclimated to the
superhero genre you know we understand
that people because that's that was the
biggest reason for the origin story is
people just comprehending what the heck
a superpower is right general
movie-going audiences weren't down with
just superpowers in general and so now
everyone is cool with superpowers we
don't need it anymore it's not
superpowers
it's not about getting the powers it's
about that origin story with Uncle Ben
and the responsibilities and the plot
twist that is the probably the single
mother to single I'm not saying it's not
single anymore it's one of the two
iconic spider-man stories that there's
an ethic when Stacey Wright yeah it's so
weird just have a version of spider-man
where you don't get that whole power and
responsibility Uncle Ben bit but you
there's a way to heared there's a way to
do it without it being an origin story
like you said with flashbacks or with
you know just general eluding there's a
way to do it smart and there's a way to
do it classy where you no longer have to
worry about that being the plaintiff
that's just characterization that's just
build-up and I like that more I want
that more all this one's kind of sweet
Jack what April I love you thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it okay
all right why is that kind of sweet I
love them Esther their name okay they've
managed to rig it so rich Evans reads
aloud April I love you okay that's gonna
need okay you what do you know you hate
public displays of affection monster I
really do you were a monster that's
that's also true
I'm both a monster and a robot bridge
yeah this is that something you need to
know about me what what do you think
Marvel would you do you think they would
go with an older spider-man like 30
later 20 or do you think they're gonna
go with a teenager they gotta go
teenager you know what they got to split
the difference they got to go still in
high school they gotta go still in high
school so I mean if they're jumping into
like Civil War era though you almost
can't do teenage spider-man if you if
you work spider-man into Civil War
Adam maybe they can yeah they can do
first of all they can do whatever the
hell I want
I don't know what I'm doing I don't know
what I'm doing
it'd be nice to finally get an actor who
doesn't suck as Peter Parker or
spider-man wouldn't that be amazing
yeah and I've seen a lot of people say
that Andrew Garfield he's poor Peter
Parker and a good spider-man he's not
even a great spider-man he's he quips
but when he quips he comes off like an
asshole it's not comedy it's just him
being a jerk 100 percent standard
percent by the way every every single
time he opens his mouth
it sounds like he's a big jerk Andrew
Garfield is terrible as spider-man I'm
sure he's a nice guy
Toby was lacking Andrew Garfield Horton
yeah Toby left Toby I think you you said
it before Toby was the 1950s spider yeah
he's Leave It to Beaver Peter Parker
yeah and but by the way like Toby
achieved the character he was going for
as an actor he achieved the character he
was going for Andrew Garfield is not
achieving what he is going for who would
be a good Peter Parker I've said it
before he's too old now but Neil Patrick
Harris Neil Patrick Harris yeah nice the
right right amount of wit nerdy I think
Neil Patrick Harris would have been
great um you know what first of all nice
yep yes back in the day Neil Patrick
Harris would have been great there's
some sort of timed thing here as far as
who now I don't fucking know I don't I
don't keep track of every young male
actor that walks through Hollywood I
don't well let me tell you this that's
funny yeah I get I'm also not hip enough
to know who is the who's buffer Mick
muscle pants out there who could do who
could do uh Peter Parker spider-man
who could like trim down for nerd and
then buff back up for spider-man who
gonna strive is reading things hoo hoo
doos chant think oh oh you're asking the
chat sorry I was oh no oh that's what
I'm I thought you were asking to Jim
jaska the check no the chat was asking
us who we thought oh man I I don't even
know that many young actors I am so out
of touch with everything rich not just
like movies someone saying Christian
Bale
Christian Bale should play a teenager
first of all someone someone else is
saying
Daniel Radcliffe I'm assuming you're
talking about out o the Harry Potter can
he do it he can do anything
I I probably have you what's what's his
movie where he has devil horns I hear I
hear good white privilege Mexican thank
you
yeah yeah Daniel Radcliffe would be
interesting only because I think he's a
talented actor maybe I haven't seen oh
by the way I've only seen the first
Harry Potter so I don't I don't know
enough about him to say in all honesty
no no no oh you you understand you
misunderstood what I said I like I don't
I don't believe he's a talented actor I
think okay I think I've heard he's a
talented actor
like you know some of the comedy things
that he does some of the things I see
online of him where it's like oh I have
the impression that he is a talented
actor you know the Harry Potter movies
it's hard to say because they're Harry
Potter movies what would you think about
the kid who plays flash in the TV show
to be spider-man I've never seen the
flash TV show I am interested in seeing
it as I've seen a little bit of the
arrow and I don't mind the arrow TV show
and that's done by the same company and
so I am actually I once the flash TV
show comes to like a Netflix or or an
Amazon streaming I am gonna watch the
flash TV series so I get the answer to
that is wait and see our thoughts just
wait right there and find out us out
flash I'm gonna remember to save this
time that's that's you do that that's a
really important thing you do it exactly
that that's really important to me and
to the well being the chat in the stream
this time Matthew McConaughey a
spider-man Oh first of all get the fuck
out of here
no making these jokes no Jeff Bridges
spider-man can't Samuel Jackson Samuel
Jackson would be perfect - spider-man
are you high in the drugs who gave you
drugs rich what do you think of Metroid
Prime
it'd be nice if I could play it with a
mouse and keyboard any any any shooter
or the gamepad this especially a
first-person shooter just terrible yes
sir experience for my from my hand in my
brain yep by the way now this is my
first time playing Metroid Prime since
I've played PC games
yeah I don't know it so rich I don't
know if you know this but to look around
like I'm doing right now yeah and to
move forward and backward is one
joystick uh and so in order to look up
or down you need to lock down your feet
with the R button it really yes and then
then you can look up down and aim
precisely but then you can't move your
feet can't just look up or down with the
right stick nope because there is no
right thing there's only the c-stick
this is the game right yeah oh it is by
the way it takes oh that sounds awful it
takes a lot of getting used to it takes
oh my god no oh god that sounds terrible
and yes yes it is it's all those things
it's all those things but still a pretty
good game I something I was talking
about a little bit hopefully I have no
idea what I said or did during the
during my solo screen because it had
been so long since I've done a solo
string but something I would like to
mention now is I use Metroid Prime often
as kind of a
as an example of a game that does
storytelling through gameplay correctly
yeah
and I would like to say that a lot of my
recollections of the game or 100% true
this is this is a great game very fun
very atmospheric very good at telling a
story while keeping you in in the
gameplay great you still feel that way
after revisiting this that's what I'm
saying ok that's what I'm saying I still
100% feel that way after revisiting this
looks nice but god those controls sound
awful they are there if if Nintendo ever
gets to that point where they're ready
to start making PC ports man this would
be it right here
would be it I don't think they're gonna
get to that place not anytime soon at
least but man to play to play this I
mean obviously you with a mouse and
keyboard me just with a controller where
I could look around what the other
thumbstick would be phone nominal
somebody somebody is saying Rick Moranis
as Peter Parker perfect he's too nerdy
Rick Rick Moranis perfected the stock
nerd the stock nerd the stock nerd is
what I refer to the standard character
you see in many movies with the the
glasses with the tape and the bit of
hair sticking up the completely nerdy
they were the pocket protector the stock
nerd yeah the and lack of inventing a an
interesting depth of character he just
the nerd there's the nerd the same same
as the jock the cheerleader you know
right I'm with you not not Spock with an
okay Chad stock stock sto CK and yeah
rock today I would still play with a
gamepad but I play with a gamepad that
works I would play with a gamepad that
looks around in Ames it has a this game
has an auto aim function where if you
press down the left trigger and like
auto aims on whatever enemy is closest
well that would make it playable yeah
yeah that helps but there's a lot of
flying enemies and so then you need to
lock your legs look up and then lock on
an enemy with the other trigger it has
its own kind of flow
I still love it I still love it
mmm deep fried mashed potaters you know
all I'm doing now is trying to think of
movies I've seen with young people in
them and I can't even mention a movie
I've seen recently with a young person
in it okay for casting choices for
casting choices for Peter Parker yeah I
know no young actors because I'm an old
man
so I only care about old man movies like
robot and Frank that's true great movie
you see robot and Frank that's great you
should see a robot too Frank it has it
stars an old man and a robot it's
perfect
big hero 76 right I would watch the crap
out of that movie no I'm sure that has
young actors in it but I don't know
there I don't care for for black
spider-man people are saying Donald
Glover who's on Parks and Rec but I've
never seen parks interact and so like
all I know him nor have I childish
gambino do you know childish gambino no
oh no you wouldn't because you also
don't like the hip hop microfibre
militia
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and Molly the battle
machine 3 to 2 thank you for subscribing
we also appreciate that Donald Glover is
also a rapper named childish gambino not
bad not bad not great but not bad for
like an actor comedian
you know it's like oh yes sir the
service about which I mean sounds like a
great compliment
he's a serviceable also chat liking
liking Peter Parker does not make you a
racist so cut that shit out
great that's that's that's obnoxious
that's obnoxious and Chet you know it
here's the thing like joking aside you
know it come on
right well that's and that's the hero we
grew up with this actually makes does
make me a little interested in reading
new spider-man just to see like what
happens to Peter Parker does he die in
ultimate yeah you want spoilers yeah
give me spoilers it will give me
spoilers and then I'll start with the
new spider-man uh he died fighting the
sinister six really yes
okay did he win but he had to die to win
yeah that shit my least favorite trope
well you know at least he want not ball
darn it gosh darn it get out of here
bunch of jerks everybody's a jerk in
this game rich all these jerks they hit
me with their things
okay so Peter Parker died fighting the
sinister six and who's the other
spider-man where does he get his powers
from I have no idea I have ever heard
that Peter Parker died I heard he died
fighting sinister six I have not read
any of the new one them oh I know I know
literally nothing about it other than
it's a black kid called Miles Morales oh
okay well then there you go I picked
that up
I wasn't even reading when Peter died
right oh oh no neither was I neither was
i I gave up on ultimate Wow
yeah when you know it started as this
really nice simple story and I was like
oh yay spider-man getting back to the
simple stories and then everything had
to be the worst thing that ever happened
it got too serious all the time ultimate
became very unpleasant to read yes agree
and and it's a shame because it was
really nice for a while yeah ultimate
was was a great continuity reboot drama
overload yes drama overload that's I
look back every now and then you know
have some have some fun with spider-man
get all these all here's one god damn it
have some fun with vitamin gonna die not
gonna die okay don't die yet jerk
yeah spider-man's supposed to be a fun
character 100% agreed 100% Oh a goodie
dough that's right there was one where
who what how when my co do that I was
think you know what I was thinking about
because I'm oh no crap I left your
preacher books at the studio I I grabbed
them I had them here you you got them
out of the clutches of Jesse about six
months ago because of all the talk of a
preacher TV show jesse was suddenly
interested in preacher so she borrowed
my first three volumes of preacher
mm-hmm I haven't seen them in six months
and she hasn't read them I'm very
watered for me that and then so she she
brought them over she wouldn't hear she
wouldn't give them back to me but she
was willing to let Jack borrow my
preacher comic books yes that's fine
free three Pupo echoing fart thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
I'm sorry what pre poop Bo TT XP thank
you laughing we really appreciate it
what okay there we go
I finally got all the I finally got all
the weapons I scanned all the MacGuffins
in this room vodka gimlet thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated ah
that's it that's a good name I like that
vodka gimlet
hmm it's precious oh no I was enjoying I
was enjoying a name too much and I
wasn't paying attention to what I was
doing and I died Thank You 5k kimly you
made me die you made this section take
eighty times longer some of them the
Chad Assange preacher is okay Reacher is
fucking amazing
preacher well the first first volume I
thought was kind of everything after the
first volume I'm pretty damn good rich
is pretty funny I'm looking forward to
it
I'm looking forward to reading it I'm
looking forward to I would like to in
general get back into the swing of
reading Oh many things comics in general
I'd like to I'd like to know what's
happening in comics because I used to
read a lot more comics because I
explained things bad mr. glitch preacher
is a comic book written by Garth Ennis
who read comic books you have to be more
familiar with him as the guy who was
writing The Punisher for many years
creature has a very dark sense of humor
it's about a Texas creature who gets
merged with an angel demon hybrid with
awesome powers and he and his
ex-girlfriend and a Irish vampire set
off on a quest to find God so he can
tell him off some fine blasphemy and
preacher
quality quality blasphemy what's really
funny
finally okay here's here's where I died
with the very first boss boss well you
know what's the first boss is a ways
away
it's you know it's not just the first
boss it's it's a big deal I guess or not
I don't know it's because I wasn't
paying attention but now now I know what
to do you see much easier to beat
everything will be great I'll beat this
first boss I'll save the game it'll be
it'll be super fun I think
beating the game yeah I'm sure beating
the game would be super fun as opposed
to like losing at the game yeah yeah
that's not super at all no losing at a
game usually is not fun
I mean this is my big problem the other
day I was that's right I think I need to
stun him SART Benson thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate
I I have played Metroid Prime but it's
it's been many many years I don't think
I've played it since it actually came
out like I couldn't even remember the
control scheme
oh yeah yeah no it's it's rough the
control I think the only reason I
thought it playable is because the
lock-on because like I said first-person
shooters in the gamepad awful awful and
I play a first-person shooter for the
gamepad and instill now going back to
this is awesome this is it's so foreign
to me not being able to look up and down
yeah
that's asking if we think they should
bring JK Simmons back as J jonah Jameson
of course huh yeah I wouldn't be against
that and it's it's probably the least of
my concerns
haha they still haven't gotten Peter
Parker and spider-man right in any of
these movies right that's that's the
first priority yeah he was he was great
as JJ and I wouldn't mind having him
back even if it's a different Pat booty
that's fine give me shit about that you
know like like he said JJ is really a
minor character so let's not worry about
spider-man is the one you have to get
right yes everything everybody else will
fall into place you know should be Jay
jonah Jameson
Cameron Mitchell oh god bless you camera
should be in every movie order have to
go we have to go over there I can do
this I can Cameron Mitchell
just it just he'll just be making
everybody closed doors spider-man won't
be able to get in anywhere it'll be
great
it'll be great someone's saying rich
Jack let's be honest yeah we just want
to see a good venom right fuck them fuck
venom I and and by the way I'm observes
is a good visual and little else know
and I like venom as a villain and I know
you and I have disagreed about venom as
it as a villain but I like him as a
villain but that does not matter day to
day that's venom does not make
spider-man see venom being kind of an
antihero was the only thing that made
him even a little bit interesting but in
it I mean his motivations are fucking
piss-poor sure he's just that he's not
like clever villain he's just kind of
told I'm gonna beat you up yeah he's a
fine visual and little else no no I like
venom certainly certainly not as the
major villain of a movie no no listen
here's here's what I think with
spider-man in general and movies yeah I
don't know spider-man is well suited to
movies I would I would given a choice I
would rather see a a marvel spiderman TV
show you know other other other than the
special effects which do you not have a
TV budget doing spider-man would be very
difficult
story-wise spider-man's are always about
the day-to-day activities it's the the
the life and the trial and tribulations
of Peter Park dealing with the how being
a superhero affects his normal everyday
life and I'm in a movie there's this
almost a need to do something epic yes
you know but like you know you can't you
can't make a spider-man movie about
spider-man's suit getting bleached in
the laundry and it's like pink and light
blue ah ha ha jokey that's a fun
spider-man B story and you can't you
can't do that in a movie a movie needs
to be the bigger bigger he's gonna blow
up the city with the blue super laser in
it
and story I I begrudgingly agree with
you I be and only because I know the
practicalities of it and I know that a
spider-man TV show would not look as
nice and part here's the thing and
here's it might just be me I like the
action you know like the action goes
hand in hand with the story and so I
need that I need good action with my
superheroes yeah and I know that it's
spider-man TV show wouldn't have the
budget for the action that I want here's
an obscure reference Disney motorboat
propeller thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it I'm sorry what
that's a reference to what I'm not
saying you're not figured out you
figured out I told you if you forgot
that's your fault you told me when in
real life yes I'm sure I have
Disney motorboating motorboating
propeller Disney motorboat propeller yes
I'm in I'm in the deep woods here engine
so uh somebody in the chat brings
something up okay
strafe strafe let's talk about strafe
well we'll talk briefly about strafe
because I still don't know that much
I've seen I've seen that the trailer
they made there's a Kickstarter going on
right now I think it's got like probably
six days left right now seven seven days
left it's a Kickstarter for a game
called strafe it's a first person
shooter kind of done in like the style
of quake like heavily heavily old-school
and they're going for like randomly
generated levels and whatnot but it
looks fun but the Kickstarter they
they're not even halfway to their goal
and they only got like a week left I
don't know that they're gonna make it
but I just want to direct everybody
the check to at least take a look at
strength there should be a video on
YouTube or somewhere it's gonna got a
Kickstarter and the the fake 1996
commercial for this game they made is is
kind of great
yes hundred percent I will be I will be
kick starting that pre not only like
previously recorded will be kick
starting that yes yes yes previously
this looks like a game that we would
love this game I want to play I'm gonna
support them yes
so we previously recorded is officially
going to be donating to the strafe
Kickstarter and we encourage you all to
do the same
fuck Oh mega ham sandwich we really
appreciate it
that's a great name
mostly because I like ham sandwiches
octo Mike thank you for subscribing ah
appreciate it
funny I get reference I mean do you I'm
I'm gonna I'm gonna give everyone a
heads up yeah though for all I know well
I won't make the cut but I'm gonna I'm
gonna mention this anyway
oh no it's up if you want out if you
want to pick a name to subscribe under
ah dr. meadows that makes sense for
another month
yeah but dr. mayonnaise hundred percent
yeah thank you
subscribe it we really appreciate it
the the the heads up is over the past
really week over the past week we have
shot a lot over the past up there's they
were lovely stuff coming up we just had
a conversation the other day about the
release of stuff coming up and hopefully
J and I have done a good enough job
convincing Mike to stagger out all these
stuff we have shot recently to make sure
that it's released at on a regular basis
instead of I feel like a lot of our
content is very feast or famine no you
know where it's like we have a big wall
where we're shooting and editing stuff
and then we just kind of jump at all
best best of the worst takes a while to
edit I don't know that I don't know that
there's gonna be that lump everything
coming out at once this time they were
talking about there's there's stuff in
the pipe
there's there's stuff in the pipe not
just that but you know I want to explore
more up here there's stuff in the pipe
work and there's stuff in the pipe work
that will be ready approximately at the
same time that we we can convince each
other to hold on to it so you get
regular content yeah I think that's
important I think also also chad dr.
mayonnaise has nothing to do with space
cop that's true yeah it is it is a
potential future reference to something
a potential and and it's a gamble future
reference because you don't even know I
don't I don't know what's gonna make the
cut you don't know what's gonna make the
cut that's what I'm saying I'm assuming
that well I would hope I would hope so
and that Mayo specifically mayonnaise
are you sure about that or is it dr.
Mayo it's mayonnaise I don't remember
now I think you said it so I'm just 100%
sure it's mayonnaise okay I'm gonna
trust you okay because I think you said
it
okay so somebody says I trust rich like
I trust the NBC's Brian Williams what
happened with Brian Williams I keep
hearing him mentioned a lot lately
what happened a parents apparently
famous news broadcaster Brian Williams
famously told a story about how he was
under fire in I want to say Benghazi
uh-huh when he was reporting there and
as it turns out he fabricated it and of
course he's a news person you know he's
a yeah this person he should be trusted
by the way hopefully everyone just saw
my super sweet morph ball double jump
Washington stream I'm sure they did
sweet as fuck ah
in any case he admitted publicly that he
was exaggerating if not straight up
lying about being under fire while
reporting on Benghazi or Iraq or you
know one of one of those war-torn
countries and has since been suspended
for six months from reporting the news
and its most of it is a self inflicted
suspension because he is the like head
producer and oh yeah
so he wanted a vacation basically well
no he understands that he lied and you
know lying is bad yeah and suspension
out of firing right like you would
expect wise sure sure sure but in any
case so that's that's why they're
talking about Brian Williams now because
he's a liar okay all right I had our
exaggerator maybe not a liar he's an
exaggerator
I forget which
and speaking of trusted news men have
you have you heard that John Stewart is
officially steppin yeah sad it is
whatever your whatever your political
before the vote you know he's funny he's
funny man he's a funny man who I'm sure
yeah yeah fire enriches oxygen room oh
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate everybody who
subscribes over the next 10 minutes yeah
that money will go straight to the
strafe Kickstarter 100% 100% of the
money of the subscriptions we get next
10 minutes strafe Kickstarter oh yeah
how big how big a contribution do you
want us to make the strafe yep yeah we
were talking about doing what the $50
level we were we were gonna do the level
that got us the special font you know
the special fonts in the bank's right if
there was and and apparently they don't
have a t-shirt level usually I'll go for
a t-shirt level just because I like I
didn't I didn't look over them that
closely for all I know there's a t-shirt
level I'll have to double check you'll
have to double check I like t-shirts I
wear t-shirts a lot
nobody's subscribed in the next 10
minutes damn somebody does not like
strafe it looks like quake I just games
like quake made a huge mistake and
killed the bugs that make the light in
this room good
no no I wanted the lights to be on
apparently ok what do you think of
Howard Stern I never found him
particularly entertaining but I'm ok
with him he's doing this thing that's
fine he's making money yeah yeah yeah I
never understood the the entirety of
like Jacques genre is something I've
never ever understood you know good for
him
Ramirez the gnome thank you for
subscribing strafe really appreciates
hahahaha alright so that's that's 5
bucks to strafe yes that's right Chad
I'm terrible at fps is because you've
seen me play them twice on a stream yeah
no and you seem like you're doing really
bad all the obviously because because
because you know why mine because that
little coffee table in the in the
viewing room as I'm like hunched over
weird when I play it's not it's not the
best environment for playing a shooter
the viewing room No yeah the viewing
room yeah well I mean it for me it
doesn't matter because I play with a
controller I know
prefer to be at my desk uh yeah you
gotta start looking up Internet packages
I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have a
stream an FPS again to show you that is
that I'm not awful awful I realize that
it's gonna happen mm-hm
we we can't wait yeah I died many times
in Doom 3 because I was hunched over in
a weird position while trying to play
that's what rich says I'm not I'm not
saying I'm a FPS god but I will prove to
you guys at some point that I am capable
of playing at FPS decently all your
going all rich is known for his adequate
here plus I don't know what I've played
a real FPS I played some of the newer
slower paced ones but I haven't played
like you know quake 2 or doom what's the
real yes right no I don't where
complaining about my aim and Jedi Knight
- mmm but people don't realize that a
stormtrooper blaster as a kind of a joke
is deliberately designed to have lousy
aim Oh isn't it storm yeah a ambulate
the stormtroopers from the movies that's
really funny
that weapon is notoriously inaccurate
uh yeah I know I should stream brutal
doom chat I am actually deliberately
waiting until the new version comes out
which was supposed to be out at the end
of December and I don't know how long
the delay is gonna be but I am actually
waiting until the new version comes out
before I play brutal doom I do plan to
stream it when it's out new version was
not out yet
so I'm still waiting JP versus the world
thank you for subscribing strafe really
appreciates it nothing that's a bonus
plus 10 bucks interest we're donating to
strafe yes even if that doesn't even if
it doesn't get us to the next tier just
gonna get extra money from men ever word
100 percent Hondo precent Oh Jack are
rich will you play blood-borne when it
comes out yeah maybe I'll work something
I'm not that's the blue side of the
bottle yeah
blood-borne Rouge on that's it's made by
the same people that made I think so
