Episode 200
Luigi's Mansion - Hack & a Half
February 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM8t1wHG3dg
___________________________________________

I want to play Luigi's Mansion I think
I'm gonna do that okay I think I'm gonna
play it Luigi's Mansion Luigi's Mansion
a fascinating game because Luigi's
Mansion was the launch title with the
Gamecube sunshine was not yet out no I
think the first Nintendo console that
didn't launch with a Mario game it's
crazy that's crazy the options let's see
here that is quit quit game yes great I
do want to play majora's mask but i
don't know I don't know chat I don't
know anything about no ghosts and
goblins Lara no ball the Goldblum I
don't know anything bottom oh god I got
vampires can you do something about my
vampires I can't
living in my basement are their coffins
I move them in I'm on break my blood
they say I'm too old yeah I want to be
immortal nice hold on for a second I
need to update this dream I need to
update this dream that I want to
oh that's right I had to get rid of it
because for some reason for some reason
twitch won't let you mute the game
anymore or won't let you mute the stream
anymore which is insane I feel I have
the volume all the way turned down and
it's muted and I still hear it on the
stream I my laptop try I had the same
problem yeah just manually move the bar
up and down I don't get it
but that worked great stream is updated
this was the game that aged that I mean
well you know it almost looks like a
like an n64 game hey Dad I don't know
about that just just this opening
cutscene does the ends before is the
ugliest thing to ever grace you eyeballs
that's true that is true okay let's get
to this the n64 which somehow managed to
be Jaggi and blurry at the same time
you wouldn't think it'd be possible they
found a way
okay here we go here we go starting a
new file new save Jack there's no video
on the stream there's no video on the
stream that's true no you haven't you
haven't actually said that yeah you're
just I apologize no I forgot okay okay
sorry for fun
thank you Richard telling me no problem
no wrong cuz I can see it just fine
everybody sorry rich sorry everybody
here I was enjoying the the pregame
cinematic nobody else was nobody else
okay here we go look at the chat I'm
sorry I'm playing a game oh here we go
oh I'm in the spooky mansion
leggo AG's mansion I know there's
there's a lego thing the mess it was
going on before the stream yeah yeah
there's there's a Lego thing in the
image ad tonight
there are proposing different movies to
make Michael games off I believe I like
it
my suggestion was lego Schindler's List
but I don't you have to like putting
Lego in the title somewhere when yeah
Legos Schindler's nuts Shin shin Legos
list what they do Shin Legos looks like
Lego Batman Lego Harry Potter Legos are
very just stick the name Lego in front
of my what this sure specs for thank you
for subscribing we appreciated specs
port SP a x SP o re ok let's back
tomorrow I mean they've already got lego
Nazis from the Indiana Jones games do
they they're halfway there shouldn't our
fighting off little lego tanks love it
is it would it be awful for me if I
revealed that I've never seen
Schindler's List you know I haven't
either
okay so then then it wouldn't I avoid
depressing thanks you know I'm the
opposite of Jay balding that's true you
have something good and dark me uh life
life sucks enough as it is
I don't need my fiction to keep
reminding me I'm miserable the world is
mm-hm
of course doctor who is getting a Lego
set now everybody's getting a Lego set
you know why Legos are hot right now are
they of course the Legos are the hive
because lego movie and Legos are the
hottest thing in the world last year and
so works like a couple years ago you
know no one wanted to license their
stuff to dumb old Lego I don't know if
that's true I think people were well of
course
Star Wars was the original licensure but
also Star Wars will license to anything
startles Legos zombie game Legos zombies
yes I go zombies I like it I like it I
officially like it um how do you defeat
the zombies you have to take off their
leg go ahead I'll just have to fall
apart okay yeah yeah yeah yeah go ahead
the Lego head pops off okay dig neutral
I can't explain the game mechanics yet I
don't know what a game hasn't started
yet Mokpo zone thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we do
I can you're not played this game before
it's I mean I played this game most in
2001 I completely understand
so so far all I've done is walk around
with a flashlight I think I'm about to
get my vacuum cleaner
I remember your vacuum cleaner felt that
way when you're playing Metroid Prime
what but then not remembering some of
the gameplay stuff later
I couldn't remember about the aiming in
that game right oh sure sure and I think
I'm about to go through it now tell me
what to do give me the vacuum so I can
catch the ghosts I'm so I'm so I just do
not care about the characterization of
Luigi that much somebody wants you to do
funny voices for the text are you up to
it there's just too much text there's
just so much sex okay that's perfect I I
mean I know how hilarious my voices are
and so I think even for my hilarious
voices it would be too much for the chat
I'm I'm too far behind me and in the
stream to do it ya know it's I'm and I'm
skipping it all I'm not reading it
anywhere too much of it away for me oh
shit I can't look at that just way
you'll see my delete check you'll see it
in a second it's it's telling me what
all the buttons do every 8:01 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
we do it's true I called it the
Poltergust 3000 it can suck up all kinds
of things
let er rip use the r button to vacuum in
the c stick to change your direction
oh so much like Metroid in order to aim
up or down with your vacuum your feet
have to be planted those they're
mysterious beings they can't be caught
using conventional means this is the
only way to foil them Jack how do you
feel about measles badly I I say this is
what happens when you let idiots not
vaccinate their children you know this
is what happens when you let idiot when
this is what happens when you don't
actively discourage idiocy you know
because we like to be nice to people in
general and so some idiots came along
and said well you know we think we think
vaccines cause autism and we're like no
there's no real evidence that shows that
and then but but you were like but you
know you can believe whatever you want
as long you know you're not hurting us
it's fine you can believe whatever you
want but now now it's gotten too far mmm
now it's gotten too far and it's like
god damn it stick a needle in your kid
and make him not get the measles some
idiot on amazon.com wrote a book
children's book saying I forgive it the
name is it's like Maribel's marvelous
measles Oh God dangerous dangerous shit
yes
so many idiots in this country I guess
it's the downside of living at a free
society right there's so many idiots
there's so many it's true evolution is
wrong
vaccines are wrong there is a God so
much idiocy the country when that last
one I admit that was a low blow that was
a low blow but I apologize to our
faithful viewers it was I mean it was
still funny yeah it's it's one of those
things where as long as as long as
you're not hurting anyone else you do
what you want you believe in what your
law want as long you know like if you
kill yourself like that's fine I don't
care but you know just don't hurt other
people where it's like my weapon was an
inside job
right right don't necessarily know what
I'm doing I'm because I'm not you didn't
get oh oh shit I know we're supposed to
be sucking up the ghost this entire time
whoopsie whoopsie hey rich
did you know do you know something what
Jen feel doesn't melt steel girders what
what does what
that's the it's like a 9/11 truther
thing Oh dead field doesn't melt steel
girders did you know that I guess
there's tests I saw where they
experimented with it wrong but in any
case no I agree words it's just like
what am I thinking of Oh okay so have
you are you up on any of the Kanye
West's hubbub the Kanye West about no so
right by the way now that I've asked
that question I understand it was a
stupid question asked but so Kanye West
was a bit of an asshole
surprise surprise Kanye West was a bit
of an asshole over the weekend oh yeah
so the details is back won the Grammy
for Best Album huh
and Beyonce was also nominated for that
album
oh and so Kanye in an attempt to do
something similar he did when Beyonce
didn't win a different award ran up on
stage to say that Beyonce should win the
second time he's done it yes the first
time was infamously he stole the mic
from Taylor Swift to say when Taylor
supposed to want a music video award
saying Beyonce should have won
Beyonce should have won absolutely by
the way
really what an ass but yes but what a
dickhead
to like take that award away from
someone else you know in any case he
said he jumps up on stage and and
everyone thinks he's going to you know
rip the mic away again and back steps
back and like uh sure's Kanye towards
the microphone saying yeah go ahead and
say whatever you want and then Kanye
kind of pushes out and it's like no no
no all right then then at an after-party
Kanye lets off and just says that like
the Academy doesn't know what they're
doing they're they're discouraging true
artistry like Beyonce right uh-huh
because he's a huge dickhead and so and
then but but here's the great part about
it and I swear this will all get back to
idiots no I'm not I'm not familiar at
all with the Kanye West music yeah I see
one of those people who doesn't rap well
while taking somebody else's song and
just using their music in the background
they like take a beautiful older song
and then they just like talk over it
they call that sibling and they call
that there is is that something that
Kanye West would do no no oh songs done
I don't know this but if he does know
does not have any right to talk about
artistry Kanye West actually does
sampling well where he will take
snippets of songs and rearrange them to
make a new arrangement okay I enjoy
Kanye's music he has made some fine
albums I mean is he actually doing any
of his own music or is he just talking
over songs other people of rhythm no no
well you know and and rich I'm gonna go
ahead and call you grandpa real quick
uh-huh he what he will do to make his
own song is take bits and chunks of
other people's music and rearrange them
in order to you know make a new song
okay okay but it made a case Kanye is a
good musician you know but a bit of a
dickhead okay here's where we get to the
important part is then someone starts
interviewing back and remember back just
won the Grammy the album of the year
right
uh-huh and they're like back what do you
think about Kanye coming up onstage and
Beck says yeah
I think the guy should be up on stage as
much as he wants he's made some great
music and they go but Beck he wanted to
come on stage to tell you that Beyonce
should have won and and then Becca goes
yeah Beyonce should have won she put out
a really great album like so basically
Beck is the nicest man in the world just
saying like I'm just here I'm having fun
I'm having a good time and you know sure
yeah anyone could have won so to wrap
around the entire story is is uh the
other thing that the internet likes to
talk about with back is that back is a
Scientologist okay and so but but here's
the thing he seems like a nice dude he
doesn't seem like he's hurting anybody
so as long as you don't hurt other
people Scientology isn't any more
ridiculous than like Mormonism right
people have religions yeah it's one of
the Dumber ones but hey that's his
business that's his business that was a
really roundabout way to say that you
know I'm not I'm not judging Pia I don't
judge people on their beliefs or judge
people on their actions and if you do
something that hurts other people that's
when I that's when I start to be upset
with you know and so it's yeah people
who people who believe people who still
believe that there is a link between
vaccinations and autism are dumb
the and I don't know how much you know
about that the link between vaccinations
and autism but as a parent I of course
looked into it because you know I had to
make that decision for my kids whether
or not I was gonna get them vaccinated
and to go back to some of the things the
chat is saying in Scientology
yes Scientology is dangerous but I don't
necessarily blame the followers they're
just kind of the suckers you you you
blame the people steering the ship and
and and you blame the people that are
profiting off I that every single
religion is dangerous
uh and so there are extreme people in
every religion there are extreme people
in atheism but yeah that doesn't matter
it's as if you're not hurting anyone
else you do whatever you want to do so
in any case a while back I want to I
want to say like in the late 90s a
doctor claimed that there was a link
between vaccinations and autism he wrote
a paper in that paper and he was
discredited yeah oh not like metal not
credited he's no longer they took away
like his he's no longer a practicing
doctor they won't allow the practice
medicine its stake in a different
vaccination vaccinations company that
did a different type of vaccine yeah yes
he's trying to make himself money yes
exactly and so it's like this one thing
that happened two decades ago
people are still citing as fact even
though it's been rebuked a thousand
times it's infuriating people are dumb
I don't I really should have been paying
attention to the story in in Luigi's
Mansion in the weakest mansion
yeah you definitely needed to do that
well I refuse skip the cutscenes anyway
I haven't skipping the cousins I what I
really should have been paying attention
to is what I should be doing next okay
cuz I have no idea what I'm supposed to
be doing next
okay so yeah I have a flashlight and my
god you got a vacuum backing him up some
coins so that's good ooo I just found a
whole bunch of money it's great
I'm just vacuuming up stuff whoa what's
that what's that oh okay oh I did
something I did something rich what did
you do Jen I made something happen eyes
I'm doing it I hear a ghost
yeah there's go oh there's all kinds of
ghosts a lot of lot of lot of cutscenes
I'm a land Partridge they play a real
game you casuals hundred percent auntie
can can thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
auntie can can auntie Pam can antique
can can auntie as in your aunt your aunt
can can as of the dance which I'm
catching all sorts ghosts that's awesome
things are happening
you catch those ghosts Jack I'm doing it
I'm doing it
ghosts in it whoa oh this is my man Oh
42 says uh
the can-can and causes autism there's
more proof than there's more proof to
that than vaccines do okay love
herbalizer you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
nice verbalize it as mike says he
emailed that that beef modifies sorry
great thank you thank you I will tell
you if I hadn't come on you know what
I'll check for you real quick
I haven't gotten it yet
just putting that out there
okay mr. gotta be quick with these oh
goes
digging this I'm remembering I'm
remembering now yeah I'm doing second it
goes hey this game were they the called
the we DS mansion where they give you a
ghost vacuum yep I would imagine that
would use the ghost vacuum to catch
ghosts yeah that's exactly what I'm
doing and I'm enjoying it I expect like
like gold diamond heist mysteries in
this game that would not be my
expectation yeah I think no the only
thing is all about a diamond heist what
if the ghosts are planning the diamond
heist but you're still catching them in
the backyard yeah okay I will accept
porch you accept porch that's the thing
okay I don't know did an older video
once being my you know ages ago
mm-hm and I was one of the monkey man
things and there's clipping it with with
me I'm in the monkey man costume but
I've got the monkey man mask off and I'm
just kind of pissed off and yelling Mike
there's a clip floating around or I'm
feeling it might be exhausted summer and
I'm running around in a gorilla costume
I'll get a Villegas stupid monkey
project yeah right some of my
grandmother's house have she passed on
and I had to get the piano she an old
player piano and those are
comically happiness the heavy so Mike
came over to help move it and he's sort
of helping to move the piano he put me
in a gorilla costume and film me trying
to bust the piano apart with a hammer
carry this is down stairs right uh-huh
I'm with you but there's this there's
this large I you know music this large
heavy thing inside the piano that you
couldn't break down just kind of some
took a large metal table thing so he had
he oh you help me carry it out of house
and we got it to the porch this thing
that weighs like 400 pounds and we get
it to the porch he's like I gotta go I
gotta go
and I just exhausted and I said oh I'll
accept porch and that's that's been a
thing ever since something's good enough
I will say I'll accept porch sure I like
that I like it I'll accept porch you
know what we what we would always say
akin to that is it's good enough for
rock and roll
that was that was our go to it's good
enough for rock and roll it's good
enough for rock and roll oh you're
putting rock and roll down when you say
that yeah basically what it means is is
sometimes you overthink things and rock
and roll doesn't overthink things rock
and roll is just rock and roll
but often we would overthink things
okay that's what me and and the band
would say it's good enough for rock and
roll by the way we were never good
enough okay
in case you were wondering do I think is
that a walk cycle
Luigi that is was the guy from boyhood
vaccinated was that covered in the 12
years I don't know I have no idea I
don't care if there's one thing I'm sick
of it's boy quit that's true
mister it's true
okay we're getting in there we are
getting in there so how does how does
Luigi's Mansion not hold up
Jack so far it's all right it's it's
lost a little bit of the mystique you
know I remember playing this when a
mystique mystique it had a little I want
to say when I first got this you know
it's it being the first GameCube game
the graphics were so superior to G
Nintendo 64 right that nothing mattered
uh-huh and so that mean so far it's cute
I wanna I want to say like the so for
anyone who doesn't know who's been
watching me catch it goes basically you
have to hit the ghost with your
flashlight and that stuns them and then
you press the r button and that starts
the vacuum and that when you get them in
the vacuum you have to use the C stick
the little yellow stick to press the
opposite direction of the ghost that's
it
and I want to say that's the entirety of
the game I don't think it gets any more
complicated than that well it smells
terrible
yeah I mean I don't remember obviously
but maybe I'm glad I have never played
the we just mansion um Wow
I also want to say according to my phone
I have not gotten any emails at
previously recorded rlm at gmail.com
obviously I'll be so sad if somebody's
pulling my leg what are they pulling
your leg about the thief 3 mod that
takes away the console should they add
it into the game oh yeah I don't know I
don't know if it's true I don't know if
if it just takes a while I don't know if
my phone is no longer connected to the
gmail account maybe you know I barely
use it I used it I you I think I only
used it to like set up the Twitter and
then rich Evans do a prank call Oh God
see I got I got extremely lucky twice in
a row now they think that's gonna be
like a regular thing oh god yeah I dread
the next time the phone numbers gonna
call off cuz I'm just gonna I'm gonna
fall riot on my face right I'm just
gonna fail you discipline then
everybody's it's gonna be still gonna be
funny because everybody's going to be
laughing at me yeah yeah 100% and you
should be ok with that you know like you
get that fail out of the way and then
there's no more pressure maybe it'll
just be the saddest day of my life and
end all of our lives rich
as mike don't worry it could just be a
phone my phone is you so don't worry
about it too much
am ghosties
what I'm dying
Thank You child I'm saying the links in
the chat to the thief mom Casper says
I'm totally okay with laughing at rich
well you're probably going to love the
best of the worst after the next one
that comes out might your favorite
episode ever that's really true yeah
that I mean that was and Mike's gonna
put it all into the Edit Oh 100% all of
it I'm terrified of that episode you you
are terrified I'm terrified yeah no
that's gonna be that's gonna be a
special one and of course the episode
before that was the super long chat
session yeah one one is it being edited
right now the other one we literally
just film last night so best of the
worst have a long turn around it will
you know a lot of footage to deal with
yeah yeah look through three movies and
find all the good bits and it's it's a
project as I understand it
I need to figure out what to do oh okay
there it goes I found it goes find it
goes alright your tone is this is next
asks rich have you auditioned for any
non rlm productions uh no I don't I
don't consider myself an actor I'm just
a schmuck who's hanging out with some
friends of mine
she's the end of the day I've never III
felt self-conscious when I'm doing a
scene with like joseline
she's an actress that's that's what she
does she's doing a scene with me and I'm
just some idiot who blows half my lines
and I feel bad I mean I think you're a
good actor in general that's not sure I
got my moments I think I think you've
been doing it long enough where you know
you have the rhythm down and you take
direction very well you know like if yep
if something and I've seen it on set on
spit space on space copy if Mike or Jay
are looking for something else you you
you know how to listen and you know how
to get what they're looking for okay so
okay and many actors do not they they
got they're gonna do it their way
attitudes well or not just that they
just don't understand how to do it the
way that the director wants to do it
that's and and by the way as a director
that's hard okay like it's hard to get
people to understand what you're looking
for mm-hmm and not even think of having
me try to do anything that's not comedic
anything that's like serious oh my god
that would be I think the utter disaster
that would be hilarious there was a
ghost in here what this is why I'm not
an actor though right where did that
ghost go
somebody says rich more asterisks so
this is very important there's more
accidents than there was for the thief
mod information so I expect the
earth-shattering news wrench please tell
jack to hit the ghost with his light
when it yawns come on rich check do that
good thing they said okay there's
something magical oh we did thank you
that's exactly what I needed Oh Oh what
there was a there was a ghost that was
sitting in a chair and every time you
trying to your light on him he would he
would disappear and so I I thought I
thought I needed to do something else
first okay okay I see what happened
yeah oh it's just watching the thing so
I just needed to wait for him to yawn
and then I can catch him Thank You Chad
I was just getting to that point where I
was I was going to ask for someone to
officially help me because
the area got him everything's fine now
everything's fine now
and yes this game is spooky as rich
should be in a cab ocinski film you know
I would be perfect in a lenka Basinski
film yeah you would be perfect in you
would be perfect you're the next Cameron
Mitchell you know if one wants me to be
in one of his films you must find out
the inner London cab Basinski production
yeah heard a heartbeat yes you heard it
here folks you heard it here first folks
the rich Evans in the next election is
in ski movie it's probably not gonna
happen oh god now everybody sang rich
with asterisks because they know worse
but now it's not gonna work anymore oh
no and I was ruined which have you
played any other Julian Gollop games
over than XCOM the only other one I've
even heard of is I was a major squad and
I have not played it or any other game
since mid so no it's kind of game called
laser squad it's it's it's it's like the
tactical game he made like before it's
got a similar kind of turn-based squad
shooting at things but sounds awesome
Oh aliens that Oh I mean laser squad is
a great name yes that's on sale I want I
want to play a game called laser squad
Hey
go Steve broad you took gonna get you
okay so yeah the other part of this game
is figuring out how to shine your light
on the goat you know how to ensnare them
okay so there's a small puzzle element
to the game you have to do special
things with your light like her I'm
assuming yep shine light in the mirror
no no I needed to open the drapes oh let
me shine a light in the mirror whatever
I'm you know what I bet yeah I bet you
need to do that later
okay okay also apparently you need to
hump the treasure chest to get it open
that was poor animation Jack I don't
think that's appropriate I'd say it was
no 100% not appropriate
apparently my vacuum has like a steam
cleaner setting
it's like a tote out there how do I get
that tote I'm told you need money money
money money money
I'm gonna make in money money making
super disco disco break in rich is your
body moving no no okay all right Jesus
Jesus Christ that's a lot of asterisks
around my name haha well then you better
answer it you know why I like the
question just enough that I'll answer
it's not a super great question but just
the right amount of you know it's like
fairly easy one to answer okay
favorite Mega Man game uh classic
classic Mega Man probably too though my
favorite Mega Man games were the X Games
it's hard to say she was pretty good one
is also good
- two might actually be better but I
owned one when I was younger so I'm more
familiar with it so I'm leaning towards
one x one Mega Man X 1 and 4 classic
Megaman Megaman 2 though it's it's not
even really the same style of game I
absolutely love megaman legends legends
yes oh that's right it's a Zelda esque
3d exploration based dungeon II kind of
game with an overworld in an underworld
it's not a Mega Man game at all but it's
fun game
holy shit my power went out for like two
hours what did I miss
absolutely nothing
literally you missed nothing because I
lost I died in Metroid and my game shave
did not I didn't say my game
so you missed absolutely goddamn nothing
everything is terrible all the time do I
need these bears is there a movie you
have ever changed your opinion on after
you've reviewed it on half in the bag
requests the worst
Jack you ever had second thoughts
I think that's what I need to do here
get this ball in this crib no I'm trying
to think trying to think of a movie that
I was like really down on and maybe also
I guess I guess the answer is no because
I have never rewatched a movie from best
of the worst yeah yeah never ever ever I
rewatched a movie from best of the worst
not even second second thoughts
afterwards like you know maybe he wasn't
as good as I thought I know I was wrong
okay so what about what about what about
with a game and I'm Kubrick in in I
played a little bit both on stream and
off of a stream a little bit of
invisible ink and some of these some of
the magic went away a little bit yeah
yeah this is the second time around
just cuz the changes they've made sense
just cuz the changes end to end like I
knew you know like when when it was new
it was just like oh this is exciting
this is yes Ghana or not a new genre but
it's just like oh you know new new stuff
is always fun and exciting yeah and so
that I think colored is my opinion a
little bit I'm still waiting on the
finished game before I play that one
which by the way is another thing is
we're still waiting on the finished game
you know I here's my here's my thing
with that though even if they don't
finish that yeah but I'm waiting till a
to do because you know long way as well
but I I'm not disappointed with what
they had at the time we reviewed it if
they if they stopped development I had
about okay with it yeah I still I still
you know I like stealth and I liked
turn-based there's a lot of things I
like in that game but the one I would
actually say I kind of had a change of
opinion on after the review for crypt of
the necrodancer I actually started gonna
like that game more game when we did the
review but after the review I started
playing more of the hardcore mode
and it just kind of changed the game oh
this is great it was like everything put
together there's like all the flavors at
once no
baby III have made the wrong assumption
that hardcore mode was just like the the
regular mode the individual zones just
with the with the basic loadout you know
without any of the upgrades it wasn't
that at all it was like run through all
the levels and one wrong fuck it was it
was the mode to be yeah I did the point
where I think that should just be the
default hardcore mode should just be the
default
it's really hard to move the the
controls are incredibly jank as far as
like how you you move the vacuum cleaner
yeah and so that's why that's that's the
issue I'm running into right now you
getting beat up by a baby I'm getting
beat up by a baby he's basically
tomorrow doing what the farm job to be
fair it's the babies ghost I haven't
been beat up by a baby in a game since
Sambas ain't my neighbors but to be fair
that was a 50 foot tall baby right so I
feel that was justified actually I think
it might be tough fighting a 50 foot
tall baby right now
okay okay I think the ghost baby turn
fancy football
that's one we need to play on the stream
Zombies Ate My Neighbors sure I'm down
that
oh that's not I do it I don't know what
I'm doing I don't know what I'm doing
here we go
okay I figured it out I guess you got
him yes good I need to figure out what
I'm doing I mean I'm in like a nightmare
zone with a giant ghost baby
so I'm just saying he's mad because he
could didn't get vaccinated actually
that baby is dead because he didn't get
back zing 100% wrench 100% true
100% sure because by the way babies
can't get vaccinated for measles they
have to wait until they're like 2 years
old or something and so that's the real
problem is if older kids don't get
vaccinated for measles babies can die
yep because they can't that's this is
the harm that it's causing have I ever
disagreed with any of the blanket
reviews not really I've kinda fucked
some points for weak here and they're
rarely rarely I personally hate first
contact a little bit more than Mike did
so when he says it's the three South
Freesat 3670 ninth birth movie ever made
am i putting a little bit higher on that
list I think I like insurrection a bit
more than Mike did so I might have been
easier on insurrection you know what
that's fair easy easier doesn't mean
love either I don't think any of the
next gen movies were good insurrection
if you if you take out some of the
action schlock it's still at best a like
the the third worst well nothing nothing
is worse than descent mm-hmm descent was
awful that long with data being Borg and
more oh Jesus Christ
Ryan what what are the other two
partners I gotta find I gotta find
another one now so that insurrection
would be the third first
gambits was fine
Oh Mark Twain one there's a Mark Twain
how do you not know this Mark Twain I'm
sure if I started watching it I'm sure I
write an episode with Whoopi Goldberg
Oh past Whoopi Goldberg before she was
on the enterprise and time travel and
they find data's head they all kind of
mush together all right
my brain doesn't work this way yes times
are oh I know that I know the name but I
figured more people would know if I just
said the one with Mark Twain I disagree
with like a couple like in general I
think I'm more okay with use of CG in
movies then Mike is I think then all of
you are in general what's how you use it
right but but I mean I'm I'm more okay
with it in general like I want to say
specifically Mike used clips from Speed
Racer as to point out a negative in a
movie and I really like Speed Racer I
don't even know if my Ksenia I just
think that was like an example of a
movie that was entirely CG you know but
I'm trying to think of that and there
have been like very specific examples of
just stuff I didn't care about as much
as Mike seemed to I don't think I don't
think he went far enough in the Indiana
Jones review I think they could have
spent a couple more hours on my a trait
of that movie but that's fine that's
fine
what are the reviews oh and I've never
seen Titanic so so I can I can neither
agree nor disagree with him on Titanic
I'd say I'd say the the weakest part of
any of the Star Wars reviews probably
the the lightsaber size thing that kind
of get what he's getting at but that's
not like a big deal to me it's again you
gotta use this a lightsaber or whatever
he shouldn't use one at all but the fact
that he does uses a lightsaber and oh
sure the yoda lightsaber yeah like if
you had a slug man in Star Wars and yes
Jedi could still be using a lightsaber
of course is gonna think that's kind of
stupid but really dumber things I mean
that was a little bit of padding the
greater point is it ruined all right
oh no but like even that segment where
it's just like the the main point being
that Yoda was cool because he didn't
need a lightsaber and now we're taking
away his cool you know yes like that
that was a really strong point and I
agree with you that like then talking
about his size disadvantage it was kind
of a weak point yeah III hate the scene
where he jumps around - yeah I'm sure
I'm not sensing that seems this point
was fortunately that like the different
aliens wouldn't all be using lightsabers
right because that wouldn't be efficient
for every alien body type that was I
also think I liked wait was there was
there a blanket review of Star Trek yeah
yeah Star Trek that Star Trek oh yeah I
think I liked that one more than he did
in general
okay okay
again I agreed with him on didn't you he
doesn't rip it apart completely in a
week criticizes it but exactly
he also defends bits and pieces of that
movie too it's true it's true but I just
I think that's a pretty fair review
actually the blinkin Star Trek one oh it
is it is and listen this is me
stretching because in general I you I
agree with Mike I agree with Mike Mike
is a smart man mm-hmm I mean you know
he's all right one of the smartest
people I know I'm saying this I'm a
straight line oh okay and I know a lot
of smart people mm-hmm
Mike Mike has a great head on her
shoulders you know it's all right yes
Mike Mike Mike no Mike knows things and
heat Mike more more specifically Mike
Mike chooses his words very carefully
and he speaks very carefully and he's
very good at articulating and
articulating his thoughts and I think
that's uh he's got to analyze situations
no not just analyzing but then also like
turning it around and being able to
explain his analysis and I think that's
a huh that's equally as hard a feat but
yeah yeah Mike is great Mike is cool
well I am Mike is my friend I'm just
being funny people settle the house
they're gonna hate me because I hate
Mike
I hate Mike what a dick
all right I think I think I'm gonna be
done okay
I think that's fine great Sunday I will
do the Orcs Must a little Orcs Must Die
I was gonna say kill the orcs because
that's one of the songs in brutal legend
that kind of high-pitched metal the game
works must die I'll be playing that on
Sunday I think it's the plan Orcs Must
Die on Sunday is it almost I Orcs Must
Die - I'm gonna play one okay if you if
you like if you look at it and decide
you like it and want to play we get
either you can either download it that
night or at some other point we will
play the second one all right I'm down
I'm down so Orcs Must Die on Sunday um
thank you everyone for coming out to my
slightly disappointing stream mostly
because I died and lost all that save
progress very frustrating but it's
reminded me what a beautiful game
Metroid Prime is even even like despite
its awful constraint control scheme it's
still a beautiful game Luigi's Mansion
loses some luster after time but it's
still a very fun game
God close clumb Fandango well should I
finish appoint Jack I'm sorry I'm oh no
no that was just gonna say goodbye so go
ahead when will we see Master of Orion I
I kind of want Jack to play it because
he hasn't played a Master of Orion game
okay
but I'm planning on playing it at some
point okay okay no well yeah me playing
it having slightly nice nice heavy
slightly nice night what have a nice
night everyone thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you to everyone
else we just came out we really do
appreciate you guys
hang out with us and thank you for the
subscriptions and thank you to the two
people who helped support strength