Episode 047
STRAFE ((Part 1))
February 28, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KTK95SPRwQ
___________________________________________

Govan Barca you know like it takes a
while to I love that better I hope you
saw our assumption yeah I'm looking at
the bars are my bar isn't incredibly
very okay okay well then I will do my
very best to way better know what sounds
much better
great jacket perfect Jack is loud stop
yelling at us never our limb reference
never never never I've made someone
tweeted at us that lovely technical
issues photo yeah did you see that oh
yeah I saw that I love the photo but why
do I have one differently colored eye
other than that it's kind of funny I
have no idea all I know is like I just
wanted that to be our default background
wallpaper because we have so many
technical twos yeah and a big thank you
let me thank the man I i retweeted it i
retweeted it so everyone could enjoy it
and now I need to find out who who sent
is that lovely that lovely uh image why
is it Enrique Esquiva I mean probably
messing up your name am i quiet compared
to Jack somebody's saying that I sound
quiet compared to you you sound good but
that I am quiet compared to you I don't
you could turn down for one but
basically should I turn myself up
you are rich I just talks people come
here to judge keep talking for a little
bit you know 44 viewers research bribe
while you were away
whoa 34 viewers thank you for
subscribing really appreciated H Christ
is that true
I don't know while we were away well we
like in that two seconds
that's impossible that's impossible
that's fun possible
um yeah you weren't you or I I just rich
audio was fine so I don't know you were
slightly quieter than me last time I
checked but uh let's let's just check
again yeah just you know what just like
a little bit like a pinch turn yourself
a paint job just do it a pinch but yeah
well here's what you do if you will rich
this is this is broadcasting 101 if you
think you're gonna make over a loud
noise turn away from your microphone I
you this you from my microphone is
strapped to my head oh is it yeah oh
well then well then that's I'm sorry so
what are we talking about before I make
it back to the game
what it'll we get let's talk about Orcs
Must Die this game looks fun oh it's
fucking awesome this game looks very
give it a shot I will I will give it a
shot a bit is this you know what my one
question was yeah is this the first
tower defense game to give you that
first-person perspective I don't I don't
know about that yeah but it did those
put you into the game I think it's I
think it's brilliant I think it's great
it looks like a lot ah it looks like a
lot of fun I'm making it look easy yeah
I'm doing people say this is something
that's a challenge but I'm I'm honestly
making it look easy because you're so
good at third yes rlm reference
third-person perspective I I meant is
this the first tower defense game that
actually lets you get into it it's
you get into the action I assume that
was what you meant and everybody else
who was reasonable she'd have assumed
the same thing you know it's fine go
everything's fine everything's fine all
the time rich you know that no that's if
that's a that's all we want to talk
about for now if you want to keep
playing I say keep playing later I'm
gonna play a game that I've been playing
for a little bit today know what it is
yeah they probably know what it is is it
good so far yes okay
the the lovely people over at strafe the
game sent out of tweets asking you
because they they have not yet hit their
Kickstarter goal but they're close how
close are they this as of this morning
they were at a hundred and twenty some
thousand and their goal is 180 yeah and
so they sent a tweet out saying hey if
any of y'all are streamers and you want
an early peek at strafe let us know and
you know like you can stream a level and
if you talk about strafe the game you
know will let you stream a level and I
was like I'm on that so I emailed them
right away yeah and and yeah they're
gonna let us they're gonna let us do it
okay so I've been playing it a little
bit and here's something you should know
rich yeah
I've been playing with a mouse shocking
I know
do you know why not have bad sport it
does not have enjoy bad sport and I do
have joy Tookie yeah and so I was
messing around joytokey but because it's
this this kind of like old-school hard
as balls first-person shooter you really
need that pinpoint accuracy
I can't wait to try so I I have been
playing strafe I am gonna stream strafe
tonight rich also has the download code
so I think we're gonna swap back and
forth like after he plays a little more
or exposed I will stop streaming I'll
start streaming and play a little bit
and then I'll stop and rich can play for
a little bit it'll be great did you
email me the download code I did email
you the download yeah when you're
playing I can install yeah so anyway
let's get back to it works must die yeah
oh wait wait one more thing one more
thing first I know one was I was Mike in
the stream tonight that's my house Mike
I don't know I I need to thank Osman Oh
No oh yay he may have saved theif three
for me did Oh always as my girl I
installed it it's it's it's working
right I I haven't been to through the
looking-glass in a while I probably
never would have found that on my own
through the looking glasses a a Looking
Glass Studios fansite and they did thief
okay
years like like a decade after the
studio closed that fansite is still
still active and the thief's fans are
still tinkering with theif and it's kind
of amazing congrates
that's great yeah but I
I guess wait til he's here but I do need
to thank Oz Mike one more time
sure oz Mike sent you all the stuff if
you're wrong right been here if you're
wrong then you just kind of a dickhead
you you would be a dickhead because then
you're thinking someone like you know Oh
a by the way it totally was I was Mike I
just checked you know I was pretty sure
was I was willing to risk thanking him
without double-checking yeah okay and
they say he's not here today but Oz Mike
we really appreciate it all right back
to orcs mm-hm
the or get up call the Orkin Man rich
Chad I gotta I gotta turn the sound down
on this game okay
yes you do
oh no everything got effed up am I still
playing Arkham Asylum I played a little
bit more most free time lately has been
spent editing not only the next prereq
but some some other some work came up
and so I haven't had a ton of time I
haven't had a ton of time to to play
more Arkham but I really did enjoy what
I did his play I was really enjoying
yeah we've seen the straight commercial
we watch it we watch it before last
Wednesday we're a physician it's great
it's exactly the commercial that
straight needed it's it's by the way
seeing that commercial convinced me to
back because I mean is great if they
knew enough to make that commercial they
know enough to make me back again just a
good commercial but that style of game
or something missing kind of with us a
classic quake quit down quick to a
better game yes
Oh it'll be around here knows that close
the fucking door
you know someone asked me on Twitter the
other day like whether or not I needed a
playable demo in order to back a game on
Kickstarter and I and I said you know no
usually for me all I need is a good
premise and some art assets you know
like tell me what the game's gonna look
like and tell me that the games in a
play line and that should be enough to
intrigue me to buy the game voice you
ogre it up oh thank you master Kenobi
Master gonna be just linked to the
straight Kickstarter and you can watch
the awesome old school 90s commercial
for straight it's great in any case I
know I know you're playing average but
yeah when when you get the mental power
what do you what do you think about like
in order for you to back a game are like
what do you need in order to back a game
premise I'm interested in a type of game
I want play
sure like I haven't actually I didn't
actually end up backing it but I would
have backed was star citizen okay
because you know I haven't played a
Space Flight cinnamon in many years
okay I would have back that just because
I want to play a space flight sim sure
like kind of game I like they won't make
any more that would probably make me
back
all right cool so that's something I've
given that much thought to it
oh no no it's just you know like someone
was was asking me specifically like do
you need a playable demo no importer
bags man
I mean it's a risk you buy you buy
anything it's a risk you buy you back a
Kickstarter there's a risk okay if
there's not a playable demo and I might
depend upon the or at least at least not
like footage of a game running in alpha
if it's like all concept I might be
reluctant unless I really trusted the
names behind it
sure sure yeah and I think that's I know
he knows how to make space flight sim so
I will I will I will I would back star
citizen sight unseen right but just just
because the person involved is saundra
yeah last wave job alright do it last
wave do it to it oh I see in that small
and fast
I've seen the jet yeah we talked about
every 90s commercial ever
and that's very funny yes
the the strafe commercial is right up
there with everything
yeah you know what for some reason Jess
inator I think is the person who sent me
that tweet about like whether I need a
demo to back a game and they're
comparing it I I think something like
Kickstarter and something like early
access even though they're similar I
feel like they're very different you
know I do not I did not I don't know why
I did not know I did throw my arms up in
the air
congratulation thank you so far i-55
start everything 5/5 skull whatever
whatever whatever your your item is your
thing you've most everything to ever I
have most everything yes I've not had
one failure of any kind okay so
everything's gonna go straight to help
know that I'm here how far are you cuz
you been streaming since like 6:00 okay
this is twenty five stages
man say doesn't say the Phoenix there
I'm sure there are spikes in this game
absolutely Jess inator you know the
difference between Kickstarter and and
early access I think more in lies in in
the what he called in the ecosystem
where it's like Kickstarter they seem to
have a bigger and this is only with
things that I've had early access to and
things that I have kick-started is I get
more regular updates with my
kick-started things then with my early
access to things where it's like even if
nothing is happening with something I've
kick-started the developers or the
creators or the whoever's are just like
here's what we've been working on here's
what we've been spending your money on
and I don't feel like there is the same
level of reporting in for early access
and so for me early access just seems
like a like a pre-sale like a like a
pre-order whereas Kickstarter does seem
like more of an investment and your
investment can fail but and these are
not scientific at all these are just my
feelings on it due to personal
experiences so if you disagree I
wholeheartedly accept that
take care of the jack oh no problem I'm
just gibbering uh someone's asking a
very important question beef ribs or
pork ribs and I you know I eat
everything
I am II and II eats everything I mean
I've had good both I've had bad both
does that count I've had both and I've
had I've had good both and bad both you
know so it's fine yeah III just yes oh
yeah I can't go I don't even know I
don't think I've ever had just beef ribs
honestly dinosaur ribs is what they're
called I've had I've had I've had I've
had baby back ribs mmm I don't think
I've had beef ribs you should you should
get your hands and some beef ribs I mean
obviously it's just one of those things
I don't think I've even had ribeye with
the bone in it what that's that would be
the part of rib yeah I've had rib eye
steak I just haven't had with a bone
like like you get on like a prime rib
roast you I mean you should do that I
enjoy meat of all kinds and flavors so
you know but you know what I don't like
barbecue sauce I do not enjoy most
barbecue sauces of course there are
exceptions but in general I don't go out
for barbecue because I dislike the sauce
yeah yeah there we go
you know what they're rich Evans and I
never agree on food mostly because of
his very real allergies but but there
you go we've got a nice spice rub
there's something like
now no spice Robert like you know just a
nice hose you just some just some grease
put some grease and some fat you know
sweet baby Ray's
right yes jack is here to shock the
stream with my with my divisive barbecue
sauce and you know you're the food
equivalent of a shock jock exactly it
could be by the way that I've only
experienced terrible barbecue sauce you
know I think I've talked about this
before and this is a very good story I
know that ahead of time for years I
convinced myself cuz I know it's not for
years I convinced myself that I didn't
like cake I went I went maybe five to
seven years without eating cake because
I had convinced myself that I just
didn't like it and as it turns out I
found out that I was just eating shit
cake all the time like in a store-bought
pancake right I have a similar story
okay I go ahead you Fischer oh well the
moral stories eventually you know like I
moved into a nice neighborhood and we
have you know bakeries and people make
stuff from scratch and and I had some
good cake and it was one of those like
this is what it's supposed to be moments
look you know you you just that you have
so much shit all the time you forget how
good you can have it you know it turns
out I just hate Boston really you hate
frosting to sickeningly sweet
nomination I don't like it so bad you
don't like to sweet mmm overly sweet
gunk someone who's a canary texture yeah
something where you get shit cake from
the the grocery store sheet cake that's
that's the kind of like shit cake I'm
talking about never had a taste for it
it doesn't taste like anything it was
like spongy you know what's my stance on
LSD try not to do it too often and make
sure to do it early in the day that's
that's something really important with
LSD yeah it's a very nice drive very
nice drive yeah I was very much
it's the most beautiful Road in the city
I'm Lakeshore Drive I'm not signed cause
LSD oh there there playing with the
double entendre drugs oh sure I'm sure
I'm sure my Oh someone's dick neutral no
significant loss no am I the the very
first time that I tried LSD tried the
very first time I did LSD we mean a
couple friends had decided we were gonna
do it and we decided pretty late in the
day and we called all of our usual drug
sources and none of them are coming
through and so then it just became one
of those things like we said we were
gonna do this we're gonna do this in
spent the entire night just trying to
find a couple hits for us all and
eventually we got ourselves the drug and
it was far too late and we had been
getting high all day and so we didn't
no worries no wait well so by the time
we had it it was like 11 o'clock at
night like 10 maybe 10 11 o'clock at
night and we've been getting high all
day and so it didn't really kick in
until like 1:00 2:00 in the morning and
it was uh I think in my limited
experience I I've done it a couple times
and had that pretty good time both times
but it was it was one of those terrible
things where it takes a while to kick in
and so like at 1:00 or 2:00 in the
morning me and my friends are sitting
around watching movies and all of a
sudden the TV screen starts moving
further away from me while the wall
stays in the same position so it's
almost like the wall is sucking in the
TV TV screen and I look over to my
friends and I'm like it's happening I
was until later I was really excited
about that fact and then and then it was
just an entire night of staying awake
all night and we would like we took
several trips out to my car we didn't
drive anywhere but yeah oh god I died
oh no I'm sorry
oh so it wasn't even like someone bested
you oh I just I just saw it I'm so sorry
oh that's a that's things extra yeah so
you know like it was just a lot of back
and forth like we go from my friends
apartment out to our car just because
like we never felt quite right we were
just on edge all night it was it was a
really fun night you know you got you
get to see amazing things and of course
you know listen if you watch movies and
every everything is is very different
brainy's is seeing things that it
shouldn't see it's all I'm gonna
describe it as wonderful just because
I've had good times I've heard stories
people who have had terrible times but I
had really good times the only problem
was so we didn't sleep all night and all
of a sudden the next day it's like 8 in
the morning and we're still away it's
like 8 in the morning and a buddy and my
a buddy of mine and I are watching
cartoons because of course and all of a
sudden we are feeling pretty good and we
say oh man I I really think if we're
coming down now it's wearing off and you
know of course we'd spent all night just
worrying about when it's gonna wear off
and so he took their little notebook and
he started writing things in the
notebook and just saying like you know
just like my name is whatever right and
I'd read it I'd say oh I understand this
perfectly we must be getting better and
we'd continue watching TV in like 20
minutes later we'd look at the notebook
and it was gobbledygook and it's just
like oh we're not getting
better and and you know then we started
to freak ourselves out like oh we're
never gonna be normal again
the first time no no overall I still
think it was good but definitely like
through the next couple of days I was
off the next couple of days my for that
for months even years afterwards I
couldn't drive too late at night because
I would see things in the shadows and it
would freak me out ya know and I did I
did years huh yes yeah the the big
culprit for me was driving at night when
I was tired and I would just see things
jump into the road and I hundred percent
contribute attribute that to to the late
nights of LSD usage I did it again after
that and we had a very good experience
just cartoons and the the second time I
did it we were a little more prepared
you know obviously had it we had it well
before him did it early enough in the
day and then we were surprised at my
house my apartment with with people
wanted to come over and hang out at my
apartment and one of my roommates said
ok without consulting me and it's like
no we were gonna stay inside and do
drugs and we've already done drugs and
then all of a sudden all these people
came over including my very recent
ex-girlfriend yeah and so I was high on
drugs and people were over which it was
a very fun experience in hindsight
but you know like it was actually a fun
game throughout the night just like do
you think anybody knows and I'm sure
they only laugh but me and my friends
who had dropped acid were just we're
just like I don't think anyone knows
what's going on even though we had like
jugs of orange juice and we're watching
The Lion King yeah apparently orange
juice intensifies though so anyway
yeah Jack's getting real tonight no you
asked a question I answered the question
I'm always real night visuals were
probably from getting a fake knot
al-aziz yeah but I got baked well before
I saw the visions the the visuals only
happened after I dropped acid and I I
was getting baked for a while like a
loop like a year year and a half before
I did that so so no the night visuals
were 100% attributed to acid and at the
time I lived far away from my friends
and so I I drove home after I was ok
even though like but I was like deathly
tired you know and that drive home is
what I think triggered it all art crime
is like Jack all I asked about was pork
ribs or beef ribs no someone else asked
about Alan's do you and I know couple
times at fun 5 times obviously it's just
like be safe you know just make sure
you're doing it with people you enjoy
and and don't plan on going anywhere
that's the real thing question for the
chat yeah if we had any subscribers I
have not heard one what the fuck is
there is there something wrong with my
sound setup or it's just been a no
subscriber night which feels fun but I
don't want to miss somebody so I I
haven't been seeing anybody okay so so
there was there was one like power
before the stream started I thanked them
in text the chat okay sherry sure thank
you so do you want my strength uh yeah
sure for sure
first I would do want to answer one
question yeah someone asked a very
important question which is what brand
of cigarette I smoked I smoked when I
smoked and it was lucky strike lucky
strike filtered it means fine tobacco
it's toasted oh and apparently Oz Mike
is here Oh
oz Mike thank you for your
information on that thief 3 mod you you
probably saved thief 3 for me I've
stalled everything and looks like it's
working and I haven't been to the the
thief forums that through the
looking-glass in a while now I I quite
possibly never would have seen this so
thank you very much putting that out ok
ok oh and I I see a future future J says
that he subscribed and nothing happened
so just in case future future J I'm
sorry but we do really appreciate it
o city and citizen cannon said yeah that
they just subbed and it's not working no
we don't we're we're not seeing any subs
right now and and we really apologize so
if you sub let us know let us know it is
ticked and it is at the top of the
priority list on the broadcaster yeah oh
and I'll like just make sure like I
don't know if anyone notices if you if
you type in the @ symbol and then
previously recorded underscore live it
shows up to us with like a highlighted
black bar and so we can see that a
little easier so I'm saying I'm sorry
about talking about tobacco it is hard
to quit I
I recommend quitting you'll feel much
better
oh it's which place Pokemon says
subscription notification is messed up
on their channel too ok it's a it's a
toy sitting tonight we really apologize
just make sure to add us and and well
thank you but so now we're gonna cut the
stream and give me like five minutes to
set up the stream on my computer
yeah and we'll be back and I'm gonna
play some motherfucking strafe it's
gonna be awesome awesome times are about
to happen
