Episode 052
The Order 1886
March 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vG0zJ89Fv8c
___________________________________________

you
I want to set this off you start it off
so Jack today we're talking about the
order 1886 technically speaking if we
look at only the gameplay elements of
the game the order 1886 is a
third-person shooter action game I've
heard some people call it like an
interactive story but I have a hard time
finding anything interactive about it
it's intuitive that would be more
technically a visual novel were they
there there's a story and you you just
play through the story and that's all
you really do and you play as Sir
Galahad knight of the round table in a
kind of revisionist history futurist do
I think I I don't recall there being
lore explained in depth in the game but
the feeling I get it's a England ahead
King Arthur found the Holy Grail yeah
sure I guess it's it's an alternate
history of England in which you have
funky technology but it's still the past
so there's kind of it's like I almost
want to compare it to like a steampunk
setting though it's not Steve it's not
even really steampunk but it is it had
some of the same kind of I don't know
what you call that of just like
alternate past like this is this is 1886
with assault rifles mostly yeah like
imagine steampunk but without any of the
fun of steampunk real quick for anyone
who is just thinking about buying the
game and watching this video for a quick
review without spoiling anything do you
think anyone should buy this game don't
buy this game don't buy this game if
you're thinking about buying this game
don't buy this game really don't buy
this game yeah it's really bad not
recommend it not Rick on to the review
around on to the gameplay
hmm we started the game and the game
starts with you being you know you know
tortured and you have very little
control of the game for like the first
45 minutes
the very first thing we're introduced to
gameplay wise in the game is a QuickTime
event yeah you have to press a button to
break free of your chains and then you
get to walk down a hallway and then it's
and then it's a cutscene yeah
that's the game that's the our first
introduction to gameplay I think you're
supposed to feel like you're in charge
of the story like you break the chain by
hitting ups you did that thing but
really know you're hitting X to continue
the story
I don't suppose is gonna be a fail-safe
well you want to see how long you can it
is cuz I kind of love that idea
so there's not even a fail this is
really this is literally just it x2
continue the cutscene yep the complete
illusion that you're doing something
this is stupid
I guess maybe they're just making sure
you know how to hit a button maybe this
is like really basic tutorial that's the
whole game so far it's exactly like a
telltale game is exactly like the
telltale Walking Dead game without the
dialogue tree and without the like
life-or-death choices who do you rescue
this person with nothing like that just
you're walking in the room and you're
hitting the buttons no choices at all I
think that's a really important theme to
keep hammering home this game has no
choices this game has no interaction
there's no player agency no none why
don't you explain what agency is cuz I
just say it's like a like control you
you have some influence on the events in
the game even if it's just a simple
shooter you're deciding who to shoot
when to shoot where to move how to move
you run be a sprint I mean you know
you're you're in control you're in the
game you're doing things this is the
8086 tells you what to do when when you
can do it and how you have to do it even
to the point where there were certain
sections when the game would Crouch for
you there were sneaky section stealth
stealth sections and you could not
control whether or not you crouch
you remembered remember at the end of
the game when it auto run started auto
run just started the whole game it was
and I hate this it's really awkward to
do you click up all three to run and you
don't that the whole game until you get
to the ending when the game is decided
you're running all the time now why why
you're taking away the little control
the player has yes that's that's exactly
all I could do before was choose whether
or not I wanted to run I can't even do
that now haha
well there's there's a major
innovation in QuickTime events in this
game you can pan the camera over a
little bit until the button problem
comes up and then you can use the button
prompt but even more innovative this is
the amount of choice this game gives you
all right
and some point in the game you're
punching a monster and there's two dots
you can choose to either punch him in
the face or the dick that's variety
Zelda Zelda Jack tides billions
eventually you do get to a section where
they give you a gun it is a highly
standard third-person shooter with zero
innovation zero excitement if you played
the first Gears of War that game is more
exciting in every respect well that's a
really good example the the gunplay in
the order 1886 is very similar to Gears
of War there's cover based shooting
combat or you can run up to an enemy and
there's an instant kill melee attack but
like in Gears you would saw a demon in
half in the order you just punch a guy
in the dick
I kind of like the dick punching that
might be the best part of the game I'm
so Galahad I'm the valiant Knight and
dick flex so the the shooting gameplay
of him I mean it's nothing new it's
everything you've seen in every other
game you get you get an assault rifle
you get a shotgun you get a sniper rifle
you get the pistol there's the rapid
fire pistol pistol or the revolver the
revolver is more powerful but it holds
less bullet no every game has done this
yes to be fair there are like a few
creative weapons they manage to make
them is unexcited as they can though
there's a there's a lightning gun
there's a gas thrower that then shoots
out like a super super soaker full of
gas and then you soak that around and
then you launch like the grenade out and
everything gets caught on fire and then
there's a a bazooka that you use
approximately once and never see again
but but those guns those fancy guns it's
like they given you use one section of
the game and they're gone they're gone
here's an electric gun it's got five
shots
you can't find ammo reloads for it use a
few times and pick up the normal machine
gun this was part of the game this game
was full of promises that they never
delivered on in the order 1886 Nikola
Tesla is your weapons designer and if
anyone doesn't know who Nikola Tesla is
you're on the internet you know Nikola
Tesla's he's a mad scientist who worked
with electricity and physics experiments
there's like a myth that before he died
he invented a machine that would create
earthquakes and immediately upon his
death the government stormed into his
apartment and took the device yeah that
is the myth of Nikola Tesla so he's a
mad scientist and he's your real light
mad scientist yes and he's your weapons
creator in the order and the very first
weapon he creates for you is a scope
that goes on your rifle s 684 marksman
carbine impressive you've always had a
good eye for craftsmanship
I've outfitted this one with a
telescopic sight it's ideal for
long-range shooting the world's greatest
genius built a rifle scope bullshit and
let's talk about let's talk about all
the enemy variety you get in this game I
like you first saw this game at Sony's
e3
so I don't know about you but I was
under the impression that this game
would be about fighting monsters and
that would be a frequent thing in this
game
how many werewolves did we kill in the
order 1886 but but I mean there's so
many other great enemies in the game
there's just people wearing gray
uniforms sure sure and then there's the
the people wearing like kind of a grey
convict uniform oh yeah but there's also
the rebels which are bland looking dude
enemies and brown everyone's just a
boring dude with a machine gun yet
another promise not delivered by the
game centuries have passed but our order
has remained steadfast in its sacred
mission to preserve the balance between
man and half-breed we are an order of
ancient Knights and it is our life's
work to fight the werewolves we got six
of them did punch that wasn't a dick
punch Jack ah this is my dick punch gun
that's a bunch hahaha
we've been we've been panning the
gameplay of the game and rightfully so
but if this is what you call a visual a
visual novel this is a story this is a
story so rich I tasked to you we should
critique this game only on its story
only on its story yes okay let's let's
do that story fireworks show the fire
workout I can deal with dull shooting if
they tell a good story you know I am
willing to buy subpar game if the
experience and it has to be a really
fucking great experience a really great
fucking story so they got a they got a
really deliver there with what they gave
us we're cliches cliches let's let's
look at the characters jacket let's look
at how these characters are cliche
cliche who who is our protagonist is
gruff McMillan Terry Sebastian and I
have long been partners I trust him with
my life a little restraint would not be
ill-advised huh what's what's his
personality like he's kind of by the by
the book and looks standard military a
little rough Oh
what does he what does he do when he's
not on duty is he is he ever not on duty
in the game huh we know anything about
his character he's very dutiful he's
he's a standard protagonist huh
now now let me make something perfectly
clear in a normal like action a game in
like a vanquish that's a fine thing cuz
your story is a framework to hang game
on so it doesn't need to be special but
the game sucks so all you got is your
story and all you got is that character
that character sucks well you know what
sometimes the main character is an empty
vessel because we're supposed to put
ourselves in that character so maybe the
world is filled with really great
supporting characters like horny French
man
my duty compels me elsewhere most
fetching was she not I hadn't noticed
that is because you are not the
Frenchman
oh there's tough lady Oh tough lady
she's she she she didn't really hang
with the boys because she's she's tough
lady
once we're inside don't let anyone else
through sure you don't need help love do
you mean a strong man to take control of
things that's right just stay out of our
way I'll take for you to get shot by
mistake I mean uh what about old mentor
you heard Commissioner Doyle it's a
police investigation now Knights do not
relinquish their authority to
bureaucrats he's the old wiser Shh
mentor gives orders he knows what to do
don't forget about the leader of the
rebels ethnic tough lady
there are things worse than death Knight
much worse and if it is mine you see can
your misguided quest and so be it
well you're forgetting about her
sidekick ethnic tough lady I don't
respond well to threats and Dumbledore
lest our ranks be poisoned by those who
seek the destruction of all we hold
sacred this is starting to sound less
and less like high art and more and more
like some schlock written by a ninth
grader well you know like a lot of a lot
of work a lot of films a lot of store
have very clichéd characters because
that that way it's easy to understand
who's in like like Star Wars that's a
great example
Star Wars is a great movie very standard
characters very clichéd characters so
they could frame this fun adventure
around it or something like Hot Fuzz
very clichéd characters so they can
kind of parity that make an action
comedy cliched characters aren't the
problem
it's cliched everything else well come
on what about what about when the rebels
that you're fighting when they turn out
to be the good guys all along I mean
that wasn't a cliched plot twist Oh
or what about when the big business
corporation turns out to be the evil
yeah yeah that's what it's kind of a
mache or what about when your old mentor
dies on that yeah and you go on a
revenge mission look Lachey no no that's
that's like a super big cliche so we
have this game and the gameplay sucks
but the game is mostly story so we have
to judge on the story the story's the
shade but they treat the cliches so
seriously they treat this shit like high
art this is this is the the Oscar winner
wannabe of video games but it's a
clichéd story about werewolves and
Dracula it's like there's some shit in
here where if you treated this a little
bit schlocky er if you're just a little
bit looser about it a little you know
like having fun with it this could be
some fun stuff but everybody is so dry
and dead serious about Dracula using the
Wolfman so he can be Jack the Ripper
that that's really what happens in the
game Dracula is using the Wolfman so he
can run around England as Jack the
Ripper
oh vampire who would vampire dick punch
them in the vampire dick and also the
story itself is mostly broken so we
start the game in a flash forward we
have to break out of prison and we see
the the people who are in the order try
to do the people who are friends trying
to recapture us and then in the
flashback there are very dramatic
moments like like tough lady for example
tough lady love interest tough lady love
interest eyes really hurt but we've
already been in the flash-forward and we
know she's gonna be fine she's in so
much I had no tension during that scene
because I'm like oh no we saw her in
them we already saw her she's a flash
for me so she's like what about what
about the shocking plot twist that you
end up fighting against the order even
though we've already fought against the
order in the flash-forward broken so we
get to the the very important and deep
story structure of the rebel leader is
trying to convince you that the rebels
are the good guy right but you don't
know but you're you're you're off
McMillan's around military yeah what my
order is the bad guy so you decide your
character decides to follow the rebel
leader so she can prove to you that the
evil corporation is evil there's little
I can say to swear your convictions but
there are things I can show you to give
you the explanation you need your
answers await at the company's docks in
black hole yard but you have one very
important rule we're not gonna kill
anybody
be prepared to me to have a resistance
from the united India guards until I say
otherwise we will not harm innocent men
two seconds later you murder everyone
until I say otherwise we will not harm
innocent men
until I say otherwise not harm innocent
men we will not harm innocent men we've
not harm innocent men to make sure all
the ones now the proof woman for all you
know the rebel leader could be using you
to murder all the people in the tea
company that is sloppy broken writing
thing so this whole time we're fighting
werewolf's and the rebels and then the
rebel leader shows us the proof that the
company is evil and it turns out that
they're vampires look hard night see the
evil we both fight against vampires
count me so there's vampires and where
are we gonna fight vampires now no not a
one
you don't fight one single no I know you
but what about what about the ending
jack
surely the the ending of the game is a
serious work of art see wait can we talk
about the ending of this game I would
love to talk about the ending of the
game
gunshot fade to black
the gunshot cut to black fucking house
bullshit trade business so you get done
with this big intense fight sequence and
then you're ready to take out the not
even the boss because the boss is
Dracula yeah the big bad guy of the game
is Dracula but who do you fight at the
end the sub boss if I if I the henshin
elite henchmen yeah that's the finale of
the game you fight the lead henchman
that's it no you know you know the worst
part about fighting the lead henchman
they flat-out recycled the boss fight
from midway through the game
they couldn't be bothered create a new
unique battle for the final boss of the
game but rich it's not about the
gameplay it's about story it's about
this story it's about the story it's
about defeating this side character
henchmen of the actual bad guy of the
game who's he's important now this is
now this traitor character had like the
least screen time out of any of the main
characters seeing a smarter constructed
story this would be like a character you
spent a lot of time with earlier in the
game so then when he turned coats it
might actually be a little bit shocking
and you might care because I used to
like that character that guy was
actually my friend man all this just
some guy he's served was her brother
loosing the background what's wife do
you look off to my sister won't you know
man in the realm can keep his abode from
danger when she's ever mind now you say
true what's a brother to do away good
luck and Godspeed he was a peripheral
character but now he's super important
it's the most important thing in the
world he's on the ground he's defeated
and then Dumbledore come Dumbledore
comes in and and says actually he was I
knew he was a werewolf
oh fuck Dumbledore he comes ed he
delivers his speech he's my son I took
in a werewolf as a son you have to kill
him I'm not gonna do it then he walks
out and he came in conveniently to
explain what was going on with the
werewolf were you waiting there the
whole time Dumbledore
I guess he is a wizard so maybe he could
do a little poufy so he's the bad guy
the brother is the bad guy a werewolf
and we have literally been trying to
kill him
for the last 45 minutes yes in in so
much as we have been stabbing him with
our giant knife over and over over and
over and over again yet we get to the
story part of it
and we have him down and we have a gun
to his head but then our character has
doubts about killing the guy he's been
trying to kill for the past 45 minutes
the this thing falls apart completely
falls apart was terrible to begin with
but it completely falls apart at least
you know before the gunshot fade to
black
I at least thought this was just an
imbecilic attempt at being our team but
when you when you got gunshot fade to
black that's when this became cynical
Artie all right
this isn't failed art this is like
corporate part because it's a total
fucking the end of this game is just a
total fucking sequel look okay okay
let's see let's take Citizen Kane right
classic you know what Rose what is
before Citizen Kane ends that's the
Citiz Kate ends it resolves the story
this doesn't resolve anything this is
not art this is a wall you got to buy
the sequel now if you want to see what
happens
ah you want to find out what happens
with love interest who's mad at you no
God by the sequel no more interaction
with her we've never figured it out she
got mad at you that's it that's the game
no we don't know anything without having
it right uh what about Dumbledore who
it's revealed was harboring a werewolf
he said he said this was gonna be great
disruption in the order if this if this
comes out we don't see any of that
where's any of that we don't know her
about what happens to ethnic tough lady
and the robot rebellion and that that
story what she was trying to do with the
rebellion were they successful I love I
don't I guess it doesn't matter the game
ends they say that martial law has been
declared did the post-credit cuz you
know nothing more already than a
post-credit Marvel asked sequence right
nothing RT er than that okay you know
what these are all these are all side
things right these are all these are
peripheral these are all in the side
if only there was say like something in
the story of the game that was paramount
to the plot that was unresolved can you
think of can you think of anything oh I
know Dracula
the main villain of the game Dracula aka
Jack the Ripper aka that guy who owns
the evil corporation he's the baddest of
the baddest guy we never fight him we
never take him down we don't know he's
probably doing very well he has a very
successful business this sequel hook
nonsense just it just makes you leave
the game feeling unresolved and kind of
let down if your game is fucking good I
will buy the sequel I don't care how it
ends you can resolve all of the fucking
story points and if I had a fun time and
you say you're making a sequel I'll buy
your fucking sequel because I like the
first game if the story is the most
important part of the order 1886 and you
know what I don't care because the story
isn't even good it's cliched crap but
it's cliched crap that doesn't have an
ending that's like an extra turd on top
of your shit cake yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah so don't buy this game don't don't
buy the order 1886 don't give them any
kind of money we're not even gonna do a
recommendation for this cynical shit
what do we do we need to do we need you
do you think there are some people out
there who are still like Oh what I
wonder what they think it's garbage
it's crap it's insulting to my
intelligence mm-hmm that's a good one
that's a good one it's that ending
though was just that was the dick punch
that's when the game dick punched me
wouldn't it wasn't burning this game I
think that we don't usually do this yeah
but I think this game was so insulting I
would love to destroy it
