Episode 209
Chat-lunky (Part 2)
March 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=curdgXeZbRI
___________________________________________

he would turn into like Ferrari yeah
whatever we got hot oh my god
whenever you got hot cuz I'm the image
in my head is of a kid who's like
trapped in a like a phone booth or
something he's like no no and he turns
into a fire no Ferrari to prick sighs oh
man the primary creative force of the
80s really was cocaine yeah prom debt
primary creative force of the 80s was
just money like what can we what can we
yeah some of the changes jog my memory
yeah there was a Rubik's Cube cart oh
shit what it's uh he was a talking
Rubik's Cube oh my god I don't remember
that either
okay okay okay okay okay what do we got
all right yeah okay
kids love this stupid little box know
what you do is you match all the colors
and kids fucking love it so I as a
talking one and it solves crimes there
was a Rambo cartoon I do remember that
yeah yeah that's a whole other thing
like cartoons based on violent r-rated
movie Rambo there was Robocop toxic
avenger
what else was one thing I don't know
about something wasn't exactly something
I'm considering children's fair there
was commando toys I remember like
commando like GI Joe type dolls for the
movie commando
I remember those you know what kids buy
a bunch of crap
no parents buy a bunch of crap for their
kids better let's get our small child
this commando doll she working Mindy
cartoon wasn't was it
why wasn't there ever a perfect
strangers cartoon you could adapt that
into a cartoon very easily yeah that's
the thing is I can see the whole cartoon
in my head right now
oh yeah first stars Michael Jordan
waiting Gretzky and oh yeah I remember
that what they were sports themed heroes
yes like they would like fight crime
with like giant inflatable basketball
that sounds great oh good are we
watching all this bo jackson
conveniently covered both baseball and
football
bo knows bo knows best bo knows with a
bo knows Buster despo knows but then
both really yes really
is there weird shit like this for
cartoons nowadays I think so no now we
just get movie adaptations the fuck was
wrong with everybody in the 80s people
wanted money it's it's the same thing
that's wrong with them now is people
want money and they want money the
easiest way possible but the ideas
aren't as weird anymore I don't know I
think they're still pretty weird
maybe they are I just don't know what's
what's happening in the world of
children's cartoons you would know
better than me I'm trying to think you
know we don't we don't have cable we
don't have real television so I don't
know what's really out there I know the
something that has taken over is like
the pre tween live action show market oh
yeah like Nickelodeon is a ton of that
shit Nickelodeon the Disney Channel have
a ton of that like live-action like kids
being wacky yeah That's So Raven style
girl Girl Meets World that kind of stuff
yet I know some of that stuff can get
now people are mentioning things like
Adventure Time but that seemed it adults
right that's like weird but it's not is
that a kids oh I don't know I watched it
it's on Cartoon Network at like normal
times oh it's not an adult's one that is
not an adult
okay so Adventure Time is one of those
like gray area kind of everybody can
enjoy this okay I've never seen it
oh you should it's great
I recommend adventuretime I wish a shit
all the time
oh I should shit without my kids
is that the one will the head of America
cartoon characters competed in the
Olympics together what was the one
wasn't there a hanna-barbera cartoon
where all the hanna-barbera characters
like raced wacky racers wacky racers
okay wacky racers everything sucks ABC
Family has shows about aimed at middle
schoolers all about sex teenage
pregnancies and murder
okay great they gotta learn about that
shit sometime right how else are you
gonna teach your kids about murder
think about that
both in high school people please have
seven
what's up you know I'm not doing I'm
gonna die okay no the nice I'm actually
kind of sucks I mean I'm not doing great
I this is just a game that I could play
all the time because I love it but now I
mean I'm not killing it
exactly exactly
just so everyone knows the reason you
talk about that the reason we chose to
play this game that was obviously going
to happen I thought I was gonna cling to
the wall before yes
clem Fandango please go have a sculpin
it's a great beer it's a great IPA but
light and smooth and not all the hops
and you know most IPAs are very hoppy
beers and this is very smooth and a
little Freudian we're gonna get chipped
rice animated what Chick tracts cheap
tract Chick tracts you know what a chick
tract is chick tract yeah
fundamentalist evangelical Christian
Jack teaching okay
writes these little pamphlet size comic
books about how you're gonna burn in
hell if you don't find you suppressed
really yes oh that somewhere between
comedy value and just scary memo you
familiar with a chick tract what chick
tract kick track yeah I have no idea
what that is well we're not a Christian
evangelical purchased no because these
little pamphlet size comic books about
how you're going to burn in hell if you
don't find Jesus oh okay and I ran into
one many years ago was like a gas
station people just leave these you buy
them in bulk and you sure consulate ice
okay well I'm sure there's comedic value
in there although visionary no rich
don't
watch on the Bible reloaded is that a
thing the Bible reloaded a youtube
channel I like I like the idea of just
like someone remaking the Bible with mom
gonna update it with more modern like me
Anna needs a little more we need to we
definitely need to accentuate kind of
some of the action elements little ball
blood and door people like that stuff
now and this Jesus character I don't
know what he's all about
can we get Michael Fassbender to play
that's always the
I do
not like Fassbender Jesus they're both
pretty hot right now he's an actor going
he was in prometheus
the Android carrots oh okay yeah he's a
very good actor
yeah okay go my classmate
you heard here folks you heard it here
first folks Jack is down with michael
fassbender even though he barely knows
who he is I like them in that movie
the brick Testament the brick intensive
burn somebody recreated the town okay
it's kind of adorable
I do have anything's adorable when you
da I'm like okay yeah I do have our
crumbs illustration of the book of
Genesis that's a thing that exists yeah
oh our crumb the the illustrator
word-for-word comic-book style and
remade the book of Genesis I'd know
nothing about his personal beliefs all I
know is he did I pursue he did it
sarcastically I know he's a creepy
weirdo he's a weirdo he's a creepy
weirdo but it like he just drew it in
his style and it is a wonderful thing to
behold
huh it's very strange I love his style
yes our style is great and so like that
mixed with some of the weird god stuff
mixed with you know someone kill your
son now stuff it's it's fun I think he
even did all the big ants
you know Debbie gets when I try to
explain why I hire how people came from
just two people
what do you mean so don't you have to
buy the damsel that's creepy
yeah well that was you bye kiss she's
okay she's just a prostitute she's a
surprise sex slave well you know you'd
be buying kiss oh you're right the big
adding isn't in Genesis sorry one album
whatever
oh that's right I got that okay all
right
my foot I figured out the answer to the
question before I asked the question I
was wondering it was hanging like that
you can't bring it up nothing so like
right now you see in the walls now you
can see the jewels and you can see the
gold normally you can't see that yeah
there is an item a pair of glasses that
you get where you can see stuff like
that but I don't have it
no no it's I got the eye of yet you
could if you had enough bombs you could
and for people who are would have been
worth that many bombs it could be like
you know yeah and there are some items
that destroy rock psyche I could I could
get a pickaxe and that cuts through all
the rocks and then you know you
basically I've seen people clear away
all the rocks line up all the jewels
like in one corner the ghost comes they
use a rope jump over the ghost and get
you know
like a dark one random things right
involves that always be randomizing
what the fuck is people strange
passionate fascination with the Amish
because they live like it's the 1800s
that's weird
yeah it's my strange fascination with
it's my same strange fascination with
like people from Portland their
lifestyles is so weird why do you do
these things what are you doing it's how
good for the earth - it's like my same
fascination with people who go to music
festivals they're smoking the drugs I
think they're smoking drugs they're
having the orgies I don't know I assume
so yeah yeah it's I mean it's a music
festival Jack I know I don't give a fuck
if it if it means no more
what's-his-face Andrew Garfield
spider-man movies specific okay then
good I just like I don't know are they
gonna reboot it again like another
origin movie I don't I think they're
before going the origin stuff and
they're just like you know fucking screw
at this point they've done it twice in
the last 10 years like you got through
yeah
just make a spider-man movie yeah if
it's good great but as far as them doing
it I don't care they'll do it in a brief
flashback yep sure or as a pre crit
credit Sigma sure
yeah I don't care what Marvel's doing
ever
I've liked a number of their movies that
I think they they're very ambitious and
that's great but I judge them on a movie
by movie basis I have no no allegiance
to Marvel or anything like yeah make an
entertaining movie you know I'm okay
with that
I love guardians of the galaxy like does
it help though that like they've
consistently made entertaining movie oh
absolutely but I that doesn't mean
they're infallible I mean I they make a
bad movie it's not gonna be like Oh
Marvel fucked up like I don't care about
like their overall I mean it's gonna
people are gonna get burned down on on
this eventually they have to but they
have plans going to like 2087 or
whatever right you say that but it
hasn't stopped yet it hasn't stopped at
which it will die out eventually like
they're going to falter at some point
star wars then again you know no well
then ya know I mean you have the
original three and then the prequels
suck so yeah Star Wars fucked up
oh they fucked up but I'm just so
popular they are gonna sure people are
gonna trip all over themselves to see
the new movie it doesn't matter how bad
the last three were that's true yeah
people are very loyal to the things they
love they like their logos yeah yeah I
don't know like their logos that's a
very cynical way of putting in that
country it's you know I hear it's true
else how else could you care about Star
Wars after the prequel trilogy during
how else could you care about Star Wars
during the prequel trilogy yeah how do
you not give up after attack of clothes
well no I think after attack they're
after uh Phantom Menace
after Phantom Menace you can stick with
Marvel or you can stick with Star Wars
because of a good good pass like you
know one one bad right sure sure bad can
food but then after you know what you
know what it was after attack of the
clutch Oh after taking yes I forgot the
names by the way I'm sorry yeah for
Attack of the Clones no you can't stick
with him anymore
two fails in a row pass per says hey I
liked attack of the clones well you were
wrong sir yes very your opinion is wrong
I think it's act of the club my I've
always said this too even since the
first came out was relative to its
budget it is the worst movie ever made
yeah yeah hmm Batman and Robin relative
to its budget the Attack of the Clones
is the worst movie ever made I will take
Batman and Robin over to a close oh boy
yeah I mean I've been all honestly not
kidding yeah I will take Batman and
Robin over attack which is unwatchable
they're both on watch a brand new Star
Wars movie the only really only reason I
didn't walk out in the theater it was
because friend got me in for free I
didn't want to be rude oh sure I started
to get up and like oh wait there are
people here and that would seem like a
jerk yeah I started to get
Batman and Robin is at least funny no it
isn't it's not even so bad it's funny
remember a number of years ago I hadn't
seen it I don't think I had ever seen it
all the way through but me and a friend
of mine had this idea like let's watch
Batman and Robin like we're gonna watch
it it's gonna be funny we're gonna laugh
at it and then like half an hour into it
we're like this was a bad idea it really
is a miserable movie which should you at
least take a nap I think I did that's
undertaking fun no I'm serious III yeah
I can see that there's nothing after
ever like the 19
Jedi Council meeting yeah yeah yeah yeah
I haven't seen either I haven't seen
attack of the clones or Revenge of the
Sith
since the theater yeah I think I've seen
I just need to Menace a couple times
since then but I haven't seen either of
those since the theater because I hated
them so much I saw the Phantom Menace in
the theater twice because I was
obligated to go with Karen yeah that'll
happen
then III watched them all just to take
notes with Mike for the yeah yeah which
I didn't have to do that thankfully I
had nothing to do with those no I
haven't seen him since the thing that
was kind of is because we're constantly
causing it and rewinding to discuss Oh
little extra salt yeah I was like what's
going on in this scene what's pretty
let's go back and watch and what are
they saying it was terrible
Batman nipple costumes nipple cast they
put nipples on the Batsuit
but not on batgirls soup just on the
dudes when that's very unfair if you're
gonna put nipples on your superhero
costumes make it unified yeah yeah jerks
and speaking of Batgirl Lee she's Stover
stone Alicia Silverstone Alicia it was
just the worst she's a terrible actress
in that movie was she a terrible actress
in everything I think she might be I
don't know if I've seen her in anything
I think I saw clueless like way way back
when sure but and it's hard to tell
because you know she's a valley girl
yeah yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna backtrack
just a little bit I mean if you you
think watching like the Phantom Menace
and the attack of clones are is bad
imagine trying to do it while trying to
figure out what exactly Emperor
Palpatine is doing I'm just I'm flashing
back to trying to figure out what the
fuck this man's master plan is
mr. Joel Schumacher is the big-budget
version of David Dakota that's a great
analogy that's perfect you know yeah I
don't know if I've seen a single Joel
Schumacher movie that I've liked I know
most people think he's a hack but they
always have language boys yeah everybody
likes lost boys I don't even really care
for that movie all that much it's okay
that's fair I love the very end with the
grandpa
when he it turns out he's knew about the
vampires one thing I hate about this
town all the damn vampires I like that
part not not enough people do vampires
for like a conscious about yeah drinking
blood yeah the story and that us guy
does want to be a vampire I just want to
be sure yeah it's fine it's an okay
movie but I never I never loved it the
way a lot of people seem to a lot of
people love falling down I don't think
that's a very good movie oh no it's fine
most things are fine
most things are not fine
I come to Joel Schumacher nothing's fine
fine fine all the time I suppose I don't
want to defend falling down too hard
it's been a long time since I've seen it
when I saw it when I was younger I
thought I thought it was awesome yeah
but what do you know when you're younger
you don't know jack-shit that's true yes
not necessarily just like when I pro any
grandpa we like we like our effective
craft
yes yeah you like our grandpa your
grandma's guy gets it done and our
Batman's to have no nipples it's just
silly
that's an idea that he presented to the
higher-ups at Warner Brothers and they
said okay what's baffling them but
that's actually a thing that happened
that's cuz you don't present that you
have that design and then you do it then
you don't say anything about it when you
get it approved movies though by Schultz
Joel Schumacher is the own admission
like everything had to be presented
really from the idea of this is gonna be
made into toys like there's so many
things and Batman and Robin where it's
like it's only in the movie so they can
make toys of it he's flat out said that
and so like yeah the idea of putting
nipples on the Batsuit like he had to
present that to somebody in them okay
yeah but like he didn't have to point
out the nipples he could be like here
are the costumes yeah maybe maybe he was
subversive about that nipple placement
it's possible
yeah what stuff I saw and I think I even
think you're ready jump down there I'm
going for speed okay so I'm not super
paying attention is Jack even trying oh
who cares we're talking about bat
nipples right no I'm going I'm trying
for one of the achievements is is
beating the game in under ten minutes
okay which I have done you know back
when I was playing this every hour of
every day just seeing if I got enough
enough for the muscle memory of me to
have to get done
yes probably now but like I just beat
that level in 16 seconds pretty good
pretty good
we can do better
so why won't they do a ninja Batman with
a koala faster
with a cloth costume you'll not not
armor plating coz Batman's to associated
with that look now yeah yeah now it's
just momentum eventually Batman will
fall out of favor again I can only
assume and then they'll be able to do a
nice reboot of everything it's possible
than Zack Snyder might be responsible
for Batman followed out what's your
rights okay although I I mean I hated
that Man of Steel movie but it was a
huge hit so what do I know
yeah that's true what the fuck Curren
and Miller
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it but like was it just it
wasn't a big success because it was the
first Superman movie in a while and now
people know it's suck I don't know I
haven't talked to anyone that liked it
but I'm guessing there were people that
liked it I mean it must be somebody saw
it and enjoyed it weren't recommending
it to other people where people have
said about our negative review yeah
people were really passionate about that
movie one way or the other so really
yeah
that's shocking you had finally seen it
I'm suing Nana see yeah it's the work
and I went in prepared for it to be
really bad the thing that sucks is like
I'm okay with Ben Affleck being Batman
and I've seen what the costume looks
like and I'm okay with the design of the
costume like it has potential but next
nighter
like Zack Snyder if he wasn't involved
maybe I don't know yeah yeah I don't
know like Man of Steel was just just
like everything wrong with modern movies
in in a Superman cascade like okay okay
okay no I
we needed a new coffin height retreat
yeah Fatima's slime subscribe to
brochure okay I find whatever that slime
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we do I wish Zack Snyder had
spent his career making Dawn of the Dead
sequels I knew I knew it then I disliked
that Donna I'm okay with Dawn of the
Dead remake but that tomorrow would do
to the script and anything Donna Dead
remake had one good sequence the whole
opening the whole opening scene yeah the
opening is great and the the opening
sequence is only great cuz that Johnny
Cash song just edited to Johnny Cash
music fuckin gold lead up to that where
she comes out of her house in the
morning and the whole suburban
neighborhood is in chaos
that's what for the longest time because
I love the Romero movies I loved zombie
movies and like apocalypse movies it's
like that's what I want to see but I'd
never seen it done on that scale before
and I'm like a big movie like this yeah
this was like this is fucking awesome
the reason I haven't seen this next
nighter whodunit the dead we make is
because whether or not they're a bigger
threat I don't care I prefer my zombie
slow and shambling I do too there's some
things there's just something creepier
about that
well that's the thing is it's creepier
the Dawn of the Dead remake is more of
an action that's not more like a zombies
though sure Jerry it feels like more of
a like an immediate threats if there's
one zero viewers so it's a different
thing but I yeah as far as zombies go I
like them slow and shambling and creepy
and haunting more yes more than vicious
monsters that are running towards you
it's it's a different enough thing where
I can watch them both and appreciate him
in a different way
Man of Steel was a good emo with
Superman powers flick okay what does
that even mean
was a it was a good comma emo with super
and powers like no but I don't want to
see emo Superman it was even okay let's
let's get rid of our preconception of
what Superman should be the movie didn't
make any sense yeah that's even taking I
mean I think like you can't deviate that
much from the Superman that people know
and why Superman is I agree like what
you think that you can take liberties
whatever but even that aside just as a
movie it's terrible it's terrible
there's no rhyme or reason to the the
the order that the scenes are happening
in and then the Undine is just it's just
excessive nonsense and then the ending
ending is Superman punching a dude in
the face something he could have done at
any point in the movie fuck I my
favorite purse told his first kiss but
Lois Lane is is well the ashes and
thousands of dead people are raining
down upon everybody's dead but thank God
they got together they're kissing in
Billy's ashes what did Billy ever do for
the free world
but thank God Laurence Fishburne's okay
that character he grew did no one walk
throughout the course of the movie they
kept cutting him thank god he's alright
he's just the worst just the worst I
will accept no defense of man of steel
no defense of whatsoever
yeah
Superman suddenly has a qualms about
killing a mass murderer after he sent a
nuclear bomb to the other side of all
the other mass murderers now this one
mass murderer he's different I'm trying
to remember Superman Returns Superman
Returns that one's just kind of boring
boring yeah had one had like this
amazing this one amazing action sequence
with the airplane if you remember the
airplane yeah which even I didn't like
that scene like that's the first time I
watched the movie I shut the movie off
after that scene oh dude this is like
even this I'm not like excited by like
I'm done so I gave up I rewatched it
before we saw Man of Steel for her half
of the bag episode but yeah the first
time I saw it I was like this is dolls
is boring I don't care what's happening
there's this action scene with the plane
and there's like I don't care I'm done
yeah
I agree that I didn't care about
anything that was happening it's a good
action scene man that's fine it's well
executed I guess I just didn't care
about I was like I don't care if this
plane crashes or not yes none
J I have a real question about the
editing of plinkus Revenge of the Sith
video it includes shots of both the
Royal Tenenbaums which mike says he
never saw and the Dawn of the Dead
remakes opening scene which we both like
did you contrive that portion of the
video contrived I think I made the
suggestion of using my tables read that
last part but I made the suggestion of
using the Royal Tenenbaums shot it was
an example of meson the same shot in
composition that was by suggestion so I
guess that was about my only
contribution to the blicker reviews he's
all set me is all the same we stay
worried sometimes she says why would you
skip the damsel question did you go back
you know yeah I'm just reading the
comments oh I didn't I'm not looking at
the screen no not a speedrun you know
you generally skip the dance little
damsels because you're not worried about
that you're just worried about your time
but if they're in your path you grab him
and she was in a path I grab their
one-celled on like that one I skipped
cuz it would have taken me too much time
to go grab her
of course I'm just losing all these
times falling and all these goddamn
holes
too many fucking holes you know I'm
saying fucking holes everywhere just
fucking holes no way you're gonna holes
is what I'm doing
c-3po says one-one he skipped the damsel
fun what do you want me to say about
Galaxy Quest haha yeah I thought once
it's fine the only thing that can make
Galaxy Quest better is if you actually
got the Star Trek license and used the
next-gen cast clearly we're not suppose
I know no that's the only way that movie
could be better I haven't seen that
movie in a really long time isn't Sam
Rockwell like essentially the red shirt
and he's just worried to the whole day
yes gonna kill this well you played a
red shirt once okay that's what it was
yeah
yeah this controller so cliquey she
turned the mic down just directly onto
it right okay can hear it guys right his
name was guy too yeah I think that's not
Netflix now I should re-watch that I
haven't seen in probably a decade I
watched that like a couple weeks ago
yeah yeah a lot of fun is that the only
movie starring Tim Allen that's worth a
damn if you don't come Toy Story oh yeah
I guess he doesn't poison them yeah
jungle jungle the jungle yeah there's a
remake of general the jungle he's got a
couple movies nothing big I think he's a
shaggy dog movie just like javi chase
did he did the Santa Claus no those
Santa Claus movies they made three of
those you know Yeah right see everyone
saying Santa Claus man everyone knows
the Santa Claus
Christmas with the Kranks starring him
and no miss in that movie with him I
don't remember I know the movie fuck I
can't think of it now what Jamie Jamie
Lee Curtis yeah it's him and Jane Maddie
Curtis is it mm-hmm I did that right in
the microphone sorry oh my god oh that's
my wrist yeah this is just what my
knuckles do every you know time yeah
that's gross
I know ah to be fair though like I think
I've been playing spelunky for two hours
straight
are you done what's bunkie okay I've
never done with spunky I don't you know
like I don't know when we're gonna reach
the point of just people not I mean
we've already hit podcast okay there's
nothing I'm really in the mood to play
yes and you weren't digging mastermind
too and so then it's just like why am I
playing oh we could just talk or does
that does that lend us to a whole
different level
oh I will play for a while put on
something
I did it I did it
Jamie Lee Curtis pastor wavers no she
didn't that's not true that's not true
you're unless it happened earlier today
Jamie Lee Curtis is like the coolest
chick I've ever seen interviews with her
like especially recently she's awesome
all right I mean I would believe it how
about that that's all I can offer this
seems like the coolest person I wanna
hang out with Jamie Lee Curtis and she's
married to Christopher Guest oh well
then she's the coolest person yeah
sorry a Fish Called Wanda yeah she's
great now she's great and everything
she's great and everything a Fish Called
Wanda I think is that really I saw that
movie for the first time last year I had
never seen it
you've never even though I like Monty
Python I like all the people involved
for whatever reason I just have never
seen it before I'm in the single I
haven't seen it either it's really fun
it's all really good and I love my
Python yeah you should really see it's
good yeah and Jamie Lee Curtis is funny
in a fucking Kevin Kline Gavin Klein's
really good everybody's really good I
love Michael Palin in that movie just
constantly being a minister yep
everyone's great mm-hmm yeah it's a it's
a it's a great comedy John Cleese good
old John Cleese kill John Cleese please
please
please is a Cleese or Cleese please
please string a letter thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it yes
a crunch is screamy
yeah I'm aware that James Gunn wrote the
scooby-doo movies that's strange letter
I read that wrong
Oh what what did you say I said strangle
letter Oh screen readers oh yeah but
where James Gunn wrote those movies
that's not enough to make me see them
no I don't know if they're decent kids
movies I don't care that's like like
work-for-hire you're just trying to make
it as a screenwriter when you wrote
those I don't care about them I don't
care about scooby-doo in general I
didn't even like scooby-doo and I was a
kid I agree all the time there's a newer
scooby-doo that's less offensive oh I
heard the the newer one it's on Netflix
and it has lots of like references to
horror like more modern horror movies
yeah I've heard that I've heard about
that and they like they actually do
stuff and you know like actually have
somewhat of characters it's not it's not
the worst it's not the word it's not the
worst there's a ringing endorsement for
the modern scooby-doo cartoon well but I
also feel like old scooby-doo is the
fucking world
yeah I never liked them no not only did
I not like it anyone who did like it was
a giant asshole I guess I don't know
anyone that liked it none of us watched
scooby-doo I know of a person who got a
full vac Scooby Doo tattoo I know are
you joking who got a tattoo from his ass
crack to the back of his neck that is
Scooby and Shaggy smoking a bong that
sounds like a person I would never want
to communicate whenever
this is a person who I knew at one point
everyone could probably guess what point
in my life that was no one in the right
mind would get a scooby no adult would
get a scooby-doo tattoo No
how large is it from his ass crack to
the bottom of his neck it is a full back
shoulder all right but I do in a pack
first of all I don't endure Scooby Doo
in general so I will not endorse any
Scooby Doo tattoo getting like a work of
art tattooed on your back is one thing
but we're talking about Scooby Doo doos
smoking a bong with shaggy scooby shaggy
that's you can never take off your shirt
you can never have a normal job and then
go to a pool party at your boss's place
and you know for some people but you
know they've just made that decision
like that's just not something that's
happening but that's fucked up
is it me yes it's me there's Jack hates
himself
it was a dark period
just woke up one morning and had the
Giants that was a callback
I wanted to I liked it when I when I
bomb myself I like looking up as if I'm
looking through the heavens as I blow
myself up I think it's funny like I go
like this and wait for the for death to
come
for a death sweet embrace but uh there's
a ladder there so I walked up away from
me okay I'm gonna give it one more try
okay
Oh more anything you can play something
casual dater damn casuals yeah we've had
we had a couple big strings plus a bonus
string this week oh that was sweet if
you planned that which I'm sure you did
one that throw the vase while falling
and landing on the spider that pops out
of the face nope nothing nothing
I didn't plan nothing it's just that you
take credit for that no yeah listen when
I do sweet shit like like knock the the
arrow trap out while falling in front of
the air trap I will I will take full
credit to that for that but like that
sweet shit that you just saw me falling
on to a life just so I didn't take any
fall damage that was just an accident
rich play F T
especially a little long run going oh my
god right that would be the worst yeah
what I'll pay for my cutoff fuck someone
pissed off the shopkeeper than this rise
yep great one more you're trapped
fuck you're entrapped you have no idea
how much I love this game it's so
satisfying whenever you do anything good
it's just and the controls are just so
fucking tight everything works can feel
the wind flap beneath my meaty feet play
dude I will play brutal doom once the
I'm waiting till then I'm not gonna play
the older version and it looks like okay
Oh bacon pants Oh nein I was detained
for a few days I could not do my daily
vlog but I posted a new one today oh
great
I don't want to talk about you know what
happens and why I couldn't post them but
there's a new one oh oh great and I will
continue the daily vlogs so I I saw that
someone was hoping for kind of like a
and maybe like a vlog of the vlog like a
behind-the-scenes of how you make your
vlog I thought that'd be fun
I think about it I'll think about it I
know it's not you that's twice as much
work it's twice as much work and you
know like your vlog has such a simple
setup you know just you talkative it's
just a webcam I'm just talking about
things complicate this you set things up
I figure out what you're gonna talk
about everyday that could be fun hmm
where do ideas come from who knows right
right there that's a maybe I'll talk
about that tomorrow you should do a vlog
where ideas come from
that's my blog for tomorrow great it's
settled
that's great
I have one minute that's cool he needs
to get to ohm I can be Tomac in under I
want to say it's under eight minutes
okay and there are four or there are
three worlds with four levels each if
you want to get this achievement for me
that's fine and eat my brenes of folders
like a Rube Goldberg machine yes yes
fall damage hit by a tiki trap and eaten
by giant piranha thank you so much oh I
fucking love this game I need to play
this more I need to play this more Jay
you worried that your vlog was in the
top ten on YouTube vlogs last week the
other nine were self-indulgent punks so
there you go
punks oh well that's great great I'm
glad people are interested in what I
have to say I'll do my best to continue
to keep it interesting that was a
glorious way to die what
which doesn't Avengers two of cheap and
kind of Lee just feels low-budget I
don't see the one trailer yeah I missing
the teaser trailer you know what like of
a modern big-budget movie yeah it's
super movies it depends on the character
imagine I'm not celebrating over every
individual detail we get every morsel of
information yeah I don't care no and by
the way neither should you guys someone
leaks a costume or what was it a Ryan
Reynolds just like instagrammed
shot of the Deadpool mask oh really it's
just like that doesn't mean anything
wait till the fucking movie comes out
yeah and Avengers is the cornerstone of
the Marvel Cinematic Universe it's gonna
look good
it's just Whedon again right Yeah right
his chance again they they the only
reason they make all these other movies
is to make the big Avenger movies yeah
it's gonna look good don't be an asshole
here's a question yeah does the Marvel
Cinematic Universe falter once Robert Jr
is gone you know I think at this point
they've got enough other things going on
where they'll be okay I mean he's
responsible for any of this existing
like if that first I remember we gonna
do well I mean that was driven so much
by just his personality yes hormones so
they all were opportunity sooner a lot
you know but I think it's it's at a
point now where it can sustain without
him it'll be interesting in general when
they have to replace someone yeah yeah
that's true for whatever reason for
whatever reason but I mean even Liberty
does that though with the Hulk but no
one cares about the Hulk well but but
that was like technically Incredible
Hulk was free Cinematic Universe or you
know no no there was the Angley Hulk
that one doesn't count
Edward Norton Hulk ties in if there was
like I haven't seen it but I know there
was some sort of credit sequence what
there was there was a credit sequence it
ties in that that's officially
completely disconnected from the rest of
them I've never actually said does it
actually contradict anything I don't
know okay I never saw the the Edward
Norton Hulk theater nor Hawk is so dull
that's what I assumed I was like okay
this is gonna be safe and this is just
like to establish that Hulk is this
character in this universe and it's not
gonna be anything interesting everybody
hates the angley Hulk but like at least
it was trying for some fun everybody was
great it I don't know if I was going
great but it has its own style it's it's
it's trying to do something interesting
it's great I mean the end is a cheese
factory the end of angley's hullick how
all kinds of
the bad guy it doesn't I don't even
remember what happens don't think you
may end up in like a pond and you can't
tell what's happening so you know nick
nolte becomes a monster who can absorb
energy yeah and and he wants all of the
Hulk's energy because he seems to have
limitless energy because he gets energy
from his anger yeah and so the Hulk uses
his mind to transfer all of his anger to
Nick Nolte but it's too much in a pool
and he yeah like the giant jellyfish of
anger and then explode that's right I
just remembered watching to me like what
is happening but the lead-up to that
there's a whole part when Nick Nolte is
like he's in handcuffs and he's just he
has this whole monologue and it's shot
like a stage play and I thought that was
really interesting like he's just going
off about the whatever he was talking
about I haven't seen it since it was in
the theater but no it was a good
performance and he and he's like mocking
Eric Bana you know yeah for for having
feelings well I wasn't deaf for you wow
yeah I just remember was shot like it
was a completely black background and it
was shot like a stage play and I thought
that was kind of interesting I really I
really liked overall I'm gonna say I
really liked angley's okay obviously end
with super cheese and Angley was really
into the comic book panel he did a
little too much of that yeah a little
too much no a lot too much I would say
shit or not enough because it just there
wasn't enough style in there to make it
not cohesive well it felt like just a
traditional movie that they decided in
editing to start chopping up like yeah
yeah whereas something something like
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world when it yeah
ubiquitous it just becomes part of the
style of the movie yeah yeah you could
tell that was thought through the entire
way yeah yeah that's true play this for
a bit rich is gonna use it
isn't that a band Five Finger Death
fives a band bunch this game gets it
done with only one finger yeah Jack
likes
