Episode 214
We figure out HAND OF FATE (Part 3)
March 13, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr__CkNi3Fw
___________________________________________

oh yeah new weapon nice nice now I just
need a shield now you begin to tres Oh
rat amend some hunting okay are
happening rich I'm trespassing on the
Redmond's hunting grounds I don't know
what that I think that means you're
gonna have to fight Redmond yeah I just
got a new weapon too so I'm just gonna
cry know you know you know skeptical
he's referring to the hollow dr on Star
Trek that that you know he was funny
insightful had a clear story arc I think
I think your show has one problem when
the most fleshed out character is a
computer-generated simulation of a human
being i think when that happens you've
got problems yes i agree and that's
really funny ready
not doing great not to me oh I kind of
wasted that night thorough damn it
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine somebody's saying rich rich data
yeah but I don't data is data wasn't my
favorite character on next-gen I always
always liked the card I even I even
think I even think works are interesting
character than data I like dated just
fine but he's not my favorite character
on the show I know I know he was the
favorite character for a lot of people
but every most of the characters on that
show were decent and like carved Wario
some really great characters the doctor
the holograph on Voyager is the only
interesting character and that's a
problem I'm thinking right now I'm
thinking of every character from Voyager
and the doctors the holographic doctor
might have the most definite right
there's no doubt he he has a clear
motivation arc backstory I mean you're a
boy right she's as generic age a
petition get her characterization she's
a woman she's the woman captain woman
they emphasize that constantly on the
show her only characterization is that
she's a woman Chakotay he has a culture
top he has a culture and he has heard he
has a comparison ship with Jane but
pilot starts off with a redemption story
raises fallen guy and he's gonna have to
you know work hard to climb back up the
ladder engagement it instantly happens
in like the second episode of the series
he's fully integrated in Starfleet and
everybody seems to respect him wasted
characterization potential yep uh
absolutely absolutely button by the way
as soon as he gets in that piloting care
he's immediately the best and Harry Kim
yeah
Eric am completely fucking useless he's
a blank Harry blank fucking slate it may
as well have just been a series of
different extras Harry is fucking
useless you laughing as you know I'm
right that's that's exactly why I'm
laughing if you replace Harry Kim with
like a rotten Cassavetes knew nothing
would change is that this saddest thing
I've ever heard oh man oh that's really
great rich they will not let you pass
ooh he's too good oh yeah but but we did
get Jeri Ryan is that I haven't seen
many of the the seven of nine episodes I
think I stopped watching voyager
somewhere in season three an attractive
lady in a skin tight outfit so you know
you get that I've seen all of like like
three episodes that have had seven of
nine oh okay she get the egg get the
impression I could be wrong that she's
just there to be hot she's mostly
fanservice she was yes that was her
intention she has a DS i want to borg on
the show because people like the board
but we're ugly so they're just gonna
make a hot woman they're gonna make the
Borg to be a hot woman because two birds
with one stone I don't know Oh
doing and by the way like she has a
decent backstory and like some decent
characterization so like I don't want to
hate on all the bad characters on
Voyager because a lot of these steps
yeah I don't like I'd probably not seen
any of them so I I can't speak on 70
okay and you know like her like that she
had like an interesting motivation like
dealing with its rating Humana dating or
what yeah okay yeah that was no kind of
thing but not worth an entire series
over oh oh great nothing oh man this is
the ramen okay here's that here's the
funny thing about Harry Kim he won't
recall his name at all but the actor has
license and I was at a Star Trek
convention he was at and he was one of
the he's gonna be speaking that was
there that was a big claim to fame you
know they have Harry him at the
convention but he's actually really fun
and interesting in real life it's just
his character is a useless piece of shit
and when you see how funny and
entertaining this man could be you
realize exactly how much of a waste that
Harry Kim character is because that that
person was capable of so much more oh
yeah that said
that is sad
all right I have a boss fight now ok
Jack of plague
it's like a left no she
cuz throne time to get out of here get
out of here a lot of dogs are a lot of
dodge roll
a lot of times a lot of role in here and
we literally just rolling around oh crap
didn't roll it up didn't rolling up
doing bad on house oh good IRA hold
enough roldan just enough the Queen's
and key when you don't have your shield
and you have us the child you still have
a stun attack how do you gain fuck well
done good you gain health every turn no
reward and then
there are certain things like the cards
can give you out back but you gain a
little bit of health every time you so
you lose fuga in a little bit of help
get some new cards
isn't that a dog no that was a rat he
was like a rat King
I think you need help I think I need
help to my death my first death is
probably upcoming come play I can only
do not want to just sit here look at the
card you've earned now we have enough to
begin a real case now super a I'm sure
it is i'm just i'm i am burnt out after
my voyager rent hey that's ok oh well
you know we can talk about Oh first of
all I finally unlocked endless night so
I can just play I'm gonna keep finding
the story mode just because I want to
keep playing the story mode was it i
want to say it was last week or the week
before we were talking about you talking
about spidermen some men thriving and
the the king of dying possibility of
them using oh yeah Alice Tyra Amy Marvel
man I suspect he will have a great
patron and I went out and bought the
trade paperback of no kisses first run
because you know it's been a while since
I've even read new comics you know so it
was like I'm interested and if it's it's
I mean I don't even think it's rumor now
it's just speculation that they might
use miles so it's like oh I'd like right
yeah Brad if they decide to go with
miles I read his first run it was kind
of like his backstory the death of Peter
Parker spoiler alert in the Ultimate
Universe and his first kind of outing as
spider-man how does he get colors so he
gets powers because his uncle is a
low-level criminal okay okay and the
Prowler is looting an Oscorp building
after a big battle and one of the
radioactive spiders gets in the bag and
miles is visiting him after the heist
and miles okay let's fight now miles
Miles Morales has slightly different
powers than earthen Peter Parker he has
agility
and he can climb on walls but he can
also turn and open and I don't it's not
clear yet I don't know if well cuz some
spiders have camel okay okay okay and he
has a venom touch as of as of right now
actually I don't know if he has
complained but i suppose Peter partners
powers don't work the same way as the
spiders do anyway you know but sick
that's okay oh right right so this was
like this was like a you know like a
different set of spider power so I don't
think he can like lift up oh no no he
does that he has like slight super
strength but also like a venomous touch
you know take your time look around I'm
sure I'm gonna take my time I an talking
about spider your deck but feel honey to
familiarize yourself first the guys talk
and so his powers are a little bit
different and his his like motivations
are a little bit different you know he's
more motivated by the death of Peter
Parker than he is by lack of death of a
family member he he tried he went out
during the the last battle of Peter
Parker to try to help and ended up okay
okay and so he blamed himself a little
bit for Peter Parker dying and trying
he's trying to take up the mantle that's
his thing and it was it's a really good
story i'm actually going to get the
first trade that was like ultimate
comics spider-man and now i'm gonna get
the first train of Miles Morales
ultimate spider-man which is his comic
run cuz i got digging okay dig his story
I think it's a good way to like bring in
new blood to the spider-man universe it
seems fresh like his it seems fresh but
also familiar if that ok i am and i
can't speak on and i have not read it oh
oh sure well you know it's like I was
trying to think of like you know the
things that I I don't I just don't even
want that so I get out of your sword you
know the things you like about
spider-man is he's kind of a nerd kind
of an outcast and he gets the powers and
and more so that he's like pure good
right even at the cost of himself he
just wants to help and so miles is a
little bit of that consuming shade
what's that I'll take that
he looked like bad
um so there's there's a lot of really
neat stuff in the miles character that I
like and so I'm basically I really
enjoyed I mean I'm going to summarize
progrock creations question does he have
organic webbing or does he have some
kind of web shooter person if he has web
shooters where the fuck did he get them
from as of right now so I've only read
it the trade paperback of his first run
he as of right now he has okay so he
just doesn't do the web pack so right
now he doesn't do the web thing the at
the very so spoiler alert by the way
skip like a minute down the line at the
end of this first run he hooks up with
shield shield brings him in after a
failed after a failed attempt at
stopping some bad guys because he's
really new at being a superhero and
shield gives him an alternate okay okay
so he as of right now he just got a
costume
which I kind of like so I don't know if
he's gonna do web web shooters okay
i I can't add can't add anymore to this
conversation oh no no not like I you
know I can lend you yeah you do that I
can lend you the trade to read but just
overall yeah I mean you know we've
talked about like how spider-man is one
of my favorite no is my favorite
superhero spider-man is my favorite
superhero and so I was definitely very
nervous reading a new take on my
favorite superhero and I think if I was
younger and started reading this I would
have got really into it you know because
it's modern and and I think that's a
hard part with super air with spider-man
in general is he's so old school I want
that I want that old graveyard what am I
gonna get rid of rid of
graveyard looks like it could be cool hi
all right sorry I was organizing my deck
I wish organizing my deck I got son
we're going all things lands the king of
da I got all the power card that I could
get I've been maxing
I mean I'm min mexi yeah so in any case
I like if Marvel decides to insert Miles
Morales into the ultimate air into the
Cinematic Universe I think they should
see less my Kings each has shaped the
neat story that forces with the strength
i think that when we talked about this
able ton that pouch is live action
spider-man gets convoluted pretty fast
and so any sort of reset is like you
know like you kind of want a recent just
to get rid of all the convolution to get
rid of all the clones basically but you
can't do a universe reset and so like
this isn't really me to blush and fear
way to do a reset to attempt to discern
the very likeness of the gods down to
their toes ah giving him half of food
given the priests half my food cuz
that's how I'm rolling
and I'm successful great
jack loves a jack does love deck
building games I really do I really like
deck building games and this is a
deck-building Game where you also get
two feet dudes up on a Batman I made
that a little too arcane now I would
have to rewire the player uses an
artifact there's a thirty percent chance
of immediately reducing its cooldown
time by eighty percent great here's a
fun fact I did not know that there were
cool down times but apparently they can
be reduced by eighty percent Oh mr.
Lionel great i can get a shield do I
have if you haven't you have enough food
honey something Oh God is not the only
way to get a shield no no if i get if i
win an encounter I can draw an equipment
card and then in my deck equipment cards
are like swords shields or those like
magic items or armor so if I get any
equipment card I could randomly get one
of my shields or I give him one bread
now but i only have the three foods so i
have three foods and no gold so the
question is now do i give them a piece
of bread and get a shield or do i get a
bunch of gold I you seem to really like
that shield for fighting
I shields great for fighting but I've
also haven't been doing half bad just
roll okay what is more fun the
ultimately it's a game and you want to
be having fun right ah the shield is
definitely a fun to use all right oh so
she asked him what he needs if I ask him
what he needs he just how's your gold
we've we've done good yeah income the
zoo sure well fuck not oh it's different
really we get game card sound stupid oh
no we only got gold game car that's not
stupid come on yeah oh sorry I had a
bunch of go ok so it's cut maybe it's
random I work maybe he doesn't give me a
shield every time automatically god damn
it twisted Canyon oh wait what I should
really check to see what equipment to
have well laughs fucking let's climb
down fuck it I'll climb down a choice
select your design down see if we get a
weapon
success draw one weapon guard great I
can't get a shield from I don't know can
I I'm gonna say no because I have no
idea oh oh I gotta fight I got a
scorching zeal equipment with this trait
burns with the flame of the Ancients
doing extra fire damage however lava
golems will shrug off fire and comes
with ease well I wouldn't mind having a
fire thou'rt this is a fire axe is that
what so right up my alley
down once more oh ok rich it all I'm out
of food ok i'm about to be out of food
ok we'll see what happened we're gonna
see what happens to tell Jack he can
follow the closest card when they're
shuffled brand the stakes you can follow
oh sure I suppose
oh my good and the chess talking about
paul verhoeven because he is he gonna
drink something else was that what's
happening I don't know they could
champions the chad is talking about
because I want to know why it that
something was there was her paul
verhoeven news what the fuck 00 was it
to do a paul verhoeven did he direct
something listen that's up for an award
I have no idea rich sep slowly but you
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and also also revco 77
people thank you for subscribing Jesus
we really appreciate it revco revco has
been subscribing for the past word
that's fantastic you not saying anything
about the two don't have sent below step
slow that's Dumont's that's two moms oh
I did by the way I didn't notice that
sub slow has been subscribed for the
past two months aight i mean you know i
thought aight i saw the eight and i
wanted to know what 8 i'm sorry we
appreciate all subscribers for any
amount of time even joke subscribers
with names like I'm sorry jack and also
cuido thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it three months in a
row that's good i love you love them did
dick neutrals just saying no we just
love beer joven ok that makes purpose
also I just um I just found out what
happens if you move okay don't have any
food you you lose oh my god all right
it's important to know you need food or
else you lose health slowly
okay I get to fight some people now so
maybe i'll get some food on this oh and
i got my shield right I have a shield
wait how did I get a shield
oh god it's awesome the shield also
deflects rejected
like to flex them back at other people
it's awesome that was great that was a
great battle I love having a shield I do
not know I had a field apparently had a
shield so it's okay which is probably
why I got goals from that guy cuz I Oh
Jacob Oh Jackson what your salute you're
a silly Billy oh it's true I'm very
silly okay while searching the area for
anything worth salvaging you realize
that one of your opponents is only
pretending to be dead oh I'm gonna sneak
up and kill them success why did you
kill the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
those were rats fucking rats ooh okay
get an equipment card what did I get
poison consuming shame all weapon
attacks are enhanced with a powerful
poison that taints the victims mind and
body oh that's a question that great
poison attacks
yes got some food and got some how's ur
face so Chad how has boyhood been doing
during the awards haven't have they won
much his boyhood one much his birthdays
as many awards over did they win best
who won best is that done yet they
always run late don't day isn't that
every year about I haven't I have no
idea yeah the honest thing is I have
never ever cared about any award show I
just I just cannot muster up the ability
because you know all you know they're
saying like here a group of people is
idea not a thing they think that you
know but boyhood is the best it's like
well I don't care about them if I agree
with them great that's masturbation and
if I disagree with them then I doesn't
it sounds like our smear campaign has
been working because apparently it's
only won best supporting actress oh nice
third encounter does not consume food oh
I can upgrade my shield well fuck yeah i
will see you at the marathon not the
sprint interesting case and some food
great oh yeah great get some more food
too boom great oh great that's great
great that's just great everything is
great it's gotta make sure I'm great
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great now you can count
for a bone and sell my life room is
right great okay oh great man I don't
know if I can express thoroughly enough
how much I'm enjoying maybe i'll have to
give it a shot I it it was so confusing
at first I'm just understanding why I
was doing anything but now now I get if
I lose I just wish you could you know
choose another character model other
than sickly looking biker I agree by the
way I would love to be able to customize
what my character looks like also though
like you just see him so rarely that I
don't know if it matters
okay we got a goblins and we got skulls
okay that's up oh this game is on god
that's that's that's that's uh huh there
we go now you're talking recently rich
that means you get to own the game I'm
not idea huh Comicon way that I think
huh no no it's just so its just oh
really oh no he has my good X got kill
that guy when he has my good Act fucking
fuck
oh you dick get out of here
i think i'm gonna get my good acts back
okay great ah fuck you can see what the
goblins are carrying did you get did you
get your act so I loss I didn't I got my
good acts back I lost some gold and I
think i lost a food which i can okay
absolutely deal with but it like one of
the goblins stole my good like my fire
axe and great I get to keep that I got I
have that and I still got to keep my
shield they did not steal my shield if
you don't want to lose your equipment
they still don't kill them next to the
cliff edge I don't know if that's true I
think if you kill them you just get it
back but I I mean maybe I don't know
the important part is killing is killing
them like you if you want your equipment
back you have to kill them and you have
to pay attention to what goblins stole
what some of the goblins just have sacks
of money um let's see here ask for
longer life as for supplies as to be
blessed i came across the maiden and she
gives me shit i should probably ask for
longer life because my i could use some
help but to be blessed and long life
yeah let's be smart a little extra he'll
move it fine only a momentary respite
shut up ok an expedition great press on
great
great great great great great great is
everybody drunk kind of what bring
auntie to play the game all the way ah I
know you will not tell me like Eddie
Redmayne A's won best actor eddie
redmayne ace no yeah be read Manny's
Rhett read it read mains and mae yna
what I don't know who that is I'm sure
he's from the mold you create you crazy
woman okay
wait Jupiter ascending 11 best flop it
was it was a huge flop whisper got oh
the whisper oh ok now he was an actor
from Jupiter that's kind of amazing you
win the one thing that's great
yeah that was nice to have oh no don't
know buy some food oh we played the guy
who beat data at poker okay okay Oh
descent we're bringing that up can we
know that is that though the worst Star
Trek not normally episode unless
provoked to park sure but descent that
was the ones where data became evil and
joined up at Laura with with the psycho
Borg then who's gonna take over the
Federation or something somehow and
that's yeah yes yes by the way without
thinking of another episode yes that's
the episode where we learned that if you
tease data with a little bit of emotions
he's willing to murder Geordi yeah data
in reality is really kind of creepy and
unsettling and at least add the one
thing that that two-parter got right was
at least it was honest about data's true
nature yeah change a little bit
programming and he's really he could be
quite easy
I would never trust data again after
that that would just be gone yeah oh
yeah that would be uh there's no more
trust there's no I river card every
every day would check with a data system
check yep you fucking up today what did
the fronted dating yet remember
Diagnostics Diagnostics Diagnostics
though I admire his ilk I live by very
different rules Devils Joyce oh oh I get
to do my devil voice again okay if I
still have it in me a cloaked devil
appears in your path I am here to test
your strength so-called hero choose your
foe if they deactivated data's FX so
that instantly means he's willing to
murder his closest friends it doesn't
mean he's gonna like drift a little bit
of money for himself on the side it
means the first thing he jumps to is
murder and I guess it right if your if
your ethics are so you would if you had
no ethic she would still assume care
about the people you care about you'd be
willing to do horrible things to to you
know get yourself gain but I assume you
would still care about people you used
to care about
maybe
hmm that was me enjoying see in the end
that really just means you mean nothing
to data I'm sure your opponents
absolutely nothing the difference
between you getting along with data and
data shoving nanoprobes into your brain
in order to lobotomize you is one little
bit of ethics programming that's it
you may have to contend with us is like
in the changing 11 to a zero band dative
becomes a psychopath that's your best
friend who do not let you see if you
think that data- ethics would be smart
enough to realize Laura's manipulating
me and has taken away my ethics program
well because I have no ethics I'm going
to murder war instead he goes to murder
all of his closest friends
you're right date ahead and switch
culture that's why he wanted the murder
isn't it that's exactly what happened
great great great I'm hitting the point
in the run where like my items are very
good and something a little overpowered
which is I mean that's the point of the
run that you like so I'm happy
Oh No so like right now I have the fire
axe which does 32 damage plus fire plus
holy damage and I could change it for
the frost Fang which is a knife that
does only 25 damage but slows the end
you could bet yeah yeah yeah oh yeah you
cannot find out oh yeah I mean you you
you would be dumb but you could do that
you may have to contend with every
bandit in the kingdom before you reach
the king III chad i won't give
battlestar galactica a chance because
i've read spoilers for the ending and I
fucking know I would hate it like
passionately passionate metal rare so if
it if you're if you're writing a story
that's like part of a longer epic that's
leading up to a conclusion and that
conclusion is ass I don't like further
does the whole thing on running story
you want to see how it turns out where
is this leading to are they gonna how
they going to get to their ultimate
conclusions thing they need to do and
that's grabbing oh I just I just wasted
four seasons worth of episodes watching
the kid I'm not interested in that
I mean I I think there's enough worth it
that's fine I think there's enough worth
it in Battlestar the space battles alone
in Battlestar so great
bong
come on either it is i want consuming
shames food ah yes I'm sure you are
grateful for the fucking rock in it
fucking rocket fuckin rocks boilers just
read the book of Mormon richest this is
the head of something to do with
Battlestar Galactica like the book of
mormon specifically I don't I don't I
don't want to read the book of Mormon
because I don't need any of that culture
and the Jack of played returns to fight
another day don't need it don't need it
I want to go see the music of a book of
akhaten if that means anything the South
Park
Broadway and just just to clarify again
when I was referring to culture earlier
I was specifically referring to Chico
days half-assed lazy characterization
he's got spirituality it will define
spirituality he's got a culture can't
stand that character
i press my buttons
i press my buttons giving the fridge
Cassini 2k4 he read the first four
chapters of The Book of Mormon but but
then he stopped because there wasn't
sufficient character for motivation
second of all fucking right that's funny
character motivation too eager it's
great great i'm impressed few select
these sorts of weapons because nobody
ever anticipates being in peril such
misplaced confidence is usually their
downfall
I need to choose weapons now so right
now my scorching zeal deals fire damage
and I have an equal mace that does not
deal fire damage but lowers my health
and so the question is do it but like
you know if I come up against a fire
enemy my fire damage axe won't do well
what would it do the normal good are
always did before I mean can you equip
it like right before a battle like if
you know you're gonna fight fire enemies
no no you cannot you I have to choose
now not knowing what's coming up it
lowers your health then have you been
cutting it to the wire in battles no no
take a chance has been called the game
of its own huh Birdman won best picture
that meant you take forever to make
decision that can't be true there you go
Birdman didn't take 12 years to make I'm
stealing that I'm stealing that from the
chat I stole that from my horse oh but I
thought that should have been set off
slowly so long time okay you do not seem
to have the lungs credit is given after
work I think it's okay even in the
animal okay absolutely I thought it was
good i'm by the way I felt good great
where's my tights why didn't want to
announce it ahead of time you know
someone so said yeah he's gotta jump
right into that make that work
oh ouch Thursday fail annotated Book of
Mormon annotated by skeptics you might
like reading that I might like reading
that
failure oh dear Oh er now that's fine i
guess that's fine everything's fine this
token will unlock more cards if you can
defeat this encounter
jews from these options saucon Bob
button prompt e games there was no
mention of dragon's lair on the new pre
req I thought it was appropriate what
y'all think of that game hey its next
it's not exactly alike listen G yeah
well your arcade more specifically than
that yeah yeah yeah what the fuck like I
said it's there there's dragons lair
that's you know what you know what
Dragon's Lair is it's a it's choose
their own adventure but only one of the
choices at any given time is right I
don't we have a new subscriber Chakotay
has a culture I think you really should
have done the one to read that I wanted
to read it too okay okay more funny it's
too late you want to say it to med
school you can say thank you it on I
can't say Chakotay has a culture thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it and your spiritual mumblings of
spirit animals and whatnot thats no
sense hmm um but yeah like dragon's lair
was a different that's a different beast
entirely those that type of game is its
own like
I mean it basically is a directive car
to barely interactive it's it's it's the
first time it's the fur it is the first
quick time event hey I completely was
not thinking about no but it doesn't
like there's no it's I don't think it's
technically a quick time event because
there's no yeah but maniac 1215 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it eight months in a row mm-hmm so I
can't happy called the closet like you
have it just so Nevel the only thing it
doesn't have is the picture of the
button but you have to hit right you
have to hit the right direction in the
time or the the animation stops playing
goes to the fail animation I suppose you
know what yeah that I guess that would
have been like that you know what that
is this like a grandfather the great
photo quick time events pro job quick
though that's yes that's the quick time
event that's first crawled out of the
sea on these little like Finn legs he's
prepared are you
of course killing their leader is a fine
way can't exactly call it a mammal yet
but it is the first land animal yeah yes
oh shit shit is getting real I think
all right here we go
oh by getting rid of my of amazing
everything I got rid of a good that
upset so big you little good luck well
the other maze had a like a attack ever
okay okay but you might run into fire
engines that you not run into yet at all
exactly well but by the way it's I think
that's poncho and if I do run the fire
enemies i will be better I will be
better prepared but I lose so I there's
a bigger loss that was anticipating I'm
going to be fine with that movie in five
food great
again the same boys shack the novelty
must wear thin on subsequent drop gain
Longshanks once as Jack seems like this
game is good replayability and
randomness is that accurate yes this is
a roguelike and there is like an endless
northern I'm not right now I'm playing
the quote unquote story mode which
really I think is just kind of an
extended tutorial
runner first time
ah
so no every time you play this game like
if you die you have to start all the way
over and I believe how this is going to
be able to represent if you get a
different deck and the more you play
binding of isaac rules the more you play
the more things you are one which means
that next time you play
all good I'm digging a lot of things you
ever get afford it or is everything a
ton mace or an axe you can get for words
I'm choosing not to equipment is my
forwards because I I got four amazing
access and it seems like so far I
haven't gotten any power forward I've
just got regular sword but maybe they're
not giving me power cords because I just
I like boards I know I know you do and I
believe they are key of glory there you
are you stick it again as in shooting I
couldn't find
and I love life I love short bashing
enemies feel to have my husband ice
shield that's like I like two tabs
American stuff she ain't cost like a
shirt that you have you have okay if you
have an axe or mace you may as well bash
with the acts of the base that's words
for ya but you know you get the shield
bash and then the bash with the accent
made all right you only bash word of
time yes bows I suppose I don't care I
like them both I just like bashing shit
the one thing about this like the random
card setup is uh you can keep track of
what card is on top I saw that in the
chat somewhere and so like it almost
feels like cheating a little bit but
don't forget to count Volpe 5 says damn
you Jax you made me buy the game yay no
I'm really really enjoying this like the
the equipment the randomization the
fighting is great it's because it's it's
Batman it's Batman Arkham Asylum buck
with
so that's the question you need to ask
yourself is like do I want to play
Batman like the that for the first maybe
half hour we play were before I got to
the actual fighting was a little rough
but after that no good good doing it but
not the cell so much for know for you an
investor who's ever sick of what you
said for say I can I thought you're
talking about Batman when you said good
oh no no like I've been enjoying this no
the stealth and Batman I enjoyed i was i
was happy with that um I enjoy Batman
Arkham in general Brandon's Jack check
your inventory you can wreak whip your
fire axe ! one count hello my god what
I will do that after this encounter
thank you for the or else how would I
have known
yes the prereq set is looking great guys
one hundred percent it's the rich though
I noticed you made the background on the
way up the Mega Man 1 Duluth items i
know it doesn't it just doesn't really
matter i know rid the original game when
you fight that guy black background yeah
yep as far as for him so it's it's I
thought I was supposed to make it blue
there's not enough going on it I like
the big guy but there needs to be more
elements in that you know well and
really the problem is the big guys
facing the wrong way he needs to be on
the other side uh well he actually no he
teleports back and forth he can be on
either side and he is oh no I mean like
if because he was on your side oh that's
what shit your your chair was that's the
camera left he need let me camera right
so we should have moved noted for future
noted for future Russians paint the
Mario wire no I'm not gonna paint out
the wires I'm but I'm gonna change the
color in the background that's easy
changing the color background is not as
a nice easy thing i'm not going to paint
out the wires because i think that's fun
oh my god i can i can change you can
change weapons in between battles how
could you not figure this out and your
own jack how could you not figure this
out on your own I'm sure it told me at
one point and I just wasn't paying
attention oh I lost it can wait
do I have that artifact
oh my god that's great unless I'm gonna
find a fire demon I'm sticking with it
I'm gonna stick with my with mine on
fire thing for now for no particular
reason just because I know as soon as I
switch it you know the chat tells me
like oh you can switch it and I'll
switch it and then a bit like you're
facing five fire demon this fidelity's
not mom mr. shy smile because he's
apologizing for asking again I didn't
notice the first time have you seen the
film fire and ice if so what do you
think of it have not can't say anything
about I know what it is what is it what
is it there you go so tell me on this
movie
somebody saying how to fight a fire
monster do you do you know what's in
your deck because the monster in your
deck i'm assuming that you're playing
with would you know the monsters that
are in there or what you might run into
the the deck like tells you if you are
going to fight people in general but i
don't know if it tells you what you
prosper saying ask Jack whether he has a
fire demon isn't in his encounter deck
what's what's in your encounter decade I
don't believe I have mother truck would
you leave fire perform well that I don't
buy that I dad listen not because it is
a dead area ok hey so what you know what
would you go back and we changes well
good because apparently you can do that
if I get a mother fuckin fire diamond
you guys losing kind of love it you
losing your marbles a bit i mean i think
if we if we can go for another like like
15 minutes then we've gone three hours
and so is that your goal Jack to make it
another 15 minutes before you die I mean
so that so that so that we can go three
full hours I'd like to go that's a fine
thing that'd be nice
ooh I could buy a huge hammer Oh are the
Berserker you don't have armor and
Berserker armor sounds awesome defense
is light but during combat every hit
uses you sustained increases your speed
and weapon strength so every time I get
hit I get stronger I could link that
with the huge hammer and the huge hammer
is every as you string together
consecutive attacks you do greatly
increased damage press left bumper to
unleash a force explosion alright yeah
that's what I'm doing your get another
car makes you the proportional strength
and power of a barbarian which you are
on and I get the container is this a low
death from right approach so far yes I'm
not calling it back because once you'd
call it a no tether and then you're
fucked
sell the frost Fang we're not using that
this run we're gonna sell we're gonna
ski sell the desperate measures half a
bad time now using that same look good
so I saying use that you get hit a lot I
I don't know it just said they didn't
see they should have specified that
really would have helped I think I think
that was a retired my dues get hit a lot
yeah yeah yeah no so that this is great
so now my hammer will become more
powerful and if I can turn your combo
I'm just gonna decimate I might have to
buy this game that's great hahaha Eggman
I wish I wish I a little cheaper move
beyond poverty religion will cheat bucks
is a lot because because it's cuz this
is basically just the combat challenge
part of Arkham Asylum uh yeah I guess I
could see that but like you get you know
different weapons if Batman had
different weapons and with different
encounters and different scenarios so so
yeah it's like a more robust version of
that is that yeah so I'm asking myself I
don't know as a joke I don't know if you
win I've I've been enjoying it enough
where it's been hello
oh oh yeah give food oh yeah I have tons
of food right now
I can give the priest 10 food because I
have 22 food I have so much food right
now okay don't fail don't fail fail
success very my lesson card retribution
whenever the player is struck by a
ranged attack there is a chance that the
attacker will detail begin seconds
that's a great then proceeds relentless
yes 6969 fart barrier of her car and
whatever what are your fucking name is
yeah yeah my opinion one hour into
something might be different three hours
into it because i have i have seen more
and my opinion may have changed evolved
as I you know I've just been exposed to
some one of the first time no no no
you're right he's normally not only 10
minutes into something I know everything
about it and I am I have a fully formed
opinion that will never change wuzz wuzz
wuzz fart was fart fart ler 6969 upset
because of the securing of the street he
said in photos this looks too i might
have to buy this game richard me three
hours into the stream and then he says
so this is a game that this game is just
tedium finished first with boredom rich
Evans won our industry and yeah yeah
real fast your hours later yeah you know
maybe the first hour of exposure but is
not enough hey maybe my opinion would
naturally evolve it's a radical thought
it's almost as if the first hour of a
lot of games are the learning curve with
the mages tower the mages are of Coron
are the last human magic users we see
subsalicylate the difference though with
Battlestar Galactica's I know that ends
like shit I know that's going to
everything I would normally hate so why
would I why would I get invested in it
yeah oh shit Richard I'm entering
imagine you do that thang check you do
that thing you just said you were going
to do I'm doing it I'm doing it I don't
know what's happening and I love it oh
shit the mages oh it's like a mini boss
battle let's fucking Richard smelt the
riot not the ending not that with the
endings car crash haha if you're gonna
end it in the hospital no no
fuck the journey if you're just gonna
end up in a hospital there you go what's
all this hammers boss wasn't the scenery
nice on the way to that funeral some
pretty cows flowers I bet you can see
your dead father see it's the journey
not the destination is the worst
argument I have ever heard anything but
you know what you know what the flowers
on the the edge of the cliff that I got
to smell as the car went tumbling over
is what is nice flowers by the casket
spot sports I don't think that I'm ages
will forgive your transgressions there
oh shit I've met an enemy with the mages
well fuck man I'm sorry mages very fuel
so for us to deliver themselves to the
king here it is i'm at the boss fight a
challenge for you and a token but
fireflight as an end like shit but does
firefly end it all I know I know they
made the movie but I've heard people say
the movie wasn't quite satisfying it's
you know what is it isn't satisfying as
a conclusion to whatever storyline might
have been evolving what is Firefly just
about the individual episodes were like
like you know Star Trek like there's not
a continuity that really matters in Star
Trek every episode is a self-contained
story you know that's it's fine I don't
care about like the conclusion to a
series like that because each episode is
supposed to be its own individual thing
but it's not it's not like they're like
one long story or if it's one long story
arc what's going on I very much care
about the ending hmm no no yeah and it
you could be entirely happy watching the
individual episodes of firefly seeing
the movie the movie is nice because you
get to spend a couple
more hours in a universe is there like a
running storyline is my question and
does the movies hi everything up in a
way that is satisfying it seems there
are more eons ahead see yes ish alright
alright the you know they're there is
there's you know much like I get I guess
if we're using Star Trek as a comparison
right like in Star Trek there is an
overarching universe there's not
necessarily like an end goal but there's
an overarching universe the same kind of
way
hardscapes ending was not at all good I
kind of disagree the actual ending
ending the important stuff with the
wormholes and end the war I thought was
very good them them fucking around on
the planet for a decent chunk of the
last episode that less so but when it
counted I think first when it counted
it leads up the whole thing without the
wormholes the wormholes in mind the
wormhole technology that that clock
which have been going on the whole
series had a satisfying conclusion that
was built up to John Crichton spent four
seasons saying i'm not i'm not going to
give them this thing i'm not gonna give
this thing and then and then if he
finally does and they don't want it that
was great that was great
fucking hammer fucker uses to watch
anything different that's not true I
refuse to watch things that I here have
a disappointing ending many is that
about being different that's about oh
yeah well you get four seasons they
build up this platinum but the end yard
kind of sucks what is awful isn't that I
must but I'd hit that you lately it's
worth it for bass said of why would it
direct myself that sounds insane and
because you get so much good for like a
little bit of an example it's been it's
been like they're 10 years if if you
couldn't be bothered to watch farscape
until now I don't really care what your
spoilers
yes by the way that's absolutely true
there there is a there's a statute of
limitations on when you need to toss up
that spoiler warning and I'm sorry you
end and by the way farscape is the thing
you know we've talked about
it's about the ending it's not about the
ending rich it's about the stories in
between bullshit boss not if the major
thrust is one big story where these
episodes all run into one each other and
it's all part of one very intricate
intricate well-developed whole come one
smooth as it's not such thing I'll our
Trek episode where where's Spock needs
to make every seven years or the Star
Trek sewed where they discover the
energy being this sets oneself fully
self-contained story so that's not the
running development of the war and how
the how the war is going to play out you
really care about how the war ends I
don't know ma'am I don't know I'm trying
to think like with Battlestar know you I
mean I mean it's not like the
overarching storyline isn't is more is
more just a kickoff point than a than a
day to day thing you know or it's like
in Star Trek they have to deal with the
day-to-day procedures of being a
Federation starship that doesn't that
doesn't mean that being a Federation
starship is like integral to the entire
thing that's just the kickoff point
right same with boughs okay okay they
they wrap it they wrap it up at the end
and I agree that the ending of
Battlestar a little bit bullshit but you
get so many good stories and good like
solid space and that's hard to do for
especially for TV sci-fi like space
stuff is hard to do and I'll I don't
crap out of it
yeah and everybody you don't need
capital letters not all caps I see the
mods yelling at people about cooling
with the caps let's cool it with the El
caps guys will trot we do try to read
everything but you know let's let's be
cool about cap capitalize safety I want
to keep playing but at the same time
pretty late um so actually you know what
I think I'm gonna do I think I'm just
gonna check out my deck check out all
the new stuff I got with my suit of
skulls are represented by these lizard
man is gonna do that quiet patient
lethally subtle and cold the intelligent
but hurtin of all the creatures I have
income you know why because I just I got
a new sword I got a new son well you can
do that you even look at your Thord look
at it oh my god it's called the life
slim and because i don't have it
equipped i don't know what it does yet
but it looks fucking badass here's what
I know for sure we're taking out this
frost Fang that's worthless we can take
out the axe cuz that's worthless
we have better weapons now this is what
it's all about in a deck-building Game
like where it's like the frost Fang is
cool but why would you even want that as
an option when you have these winter
weapons when a weapon card comes up you
want them to be awesome what else is my
new it's my new jams the Fool's Gold
mask ooh a mask the mages mask mage
gloves we got to equip mage gloves I
don't even know what it is got equip it
that looks like a great thing the mage
mask why not the fools gold ashore ring
of poverty wait maybe we want the ring
of poverty why do you want to ring a
poverty that sounds like a terrible
thing what does maybe it's a thing where
it's like you don't know I don't know
Nikki I can't you don't know until you
use it help no that's not the great
thing about these gifts that's the
terrible thing about these games know
what I guess I could like I could look
it up online and i'm sure there's like a
guide to what all these things do or i
could discover the crypt of the
necrodancer became a lot better once the
items had descriptions yeah sure sure
let suits Jackie's inspect the cars yes
if i press inspect the card it says this
card is new and thus its contents are
unknown find the card during play and
its sequence secrets will be okay we've
all got before I'm sorry to miss them so
I appreciate you looking out from your
tan I really do but at the same time
culling of the renin we're going to take
care Lucien corvin says is it right when
I say that it seems like you haven't
been invested in a game this much in a
long time jack because it looks like you
can play this game for at least a cup a
few more a few more couple of hours
that's Pope um yeah I at least in stream
you guys have not seen me invested in a
game in stream 1 okay I think ever yet I
ended part of the reason is because
usually i get my tiny crocodile brain
gets bored when the story takes over so
even a game like I enjoyed the bathroom
arkham asylum but the story would keep
taking over and an hour can easily
because of you storytelling the kind of
person that's fine that's new that skews
I do exactly that's me and so this has
no storytelling and and it has cards and
each card has little art and I can take
in all of the art and all do different
things and it's like little things for
me to look at and mess around
that I kind of love so yeah this this is
a game that I this is a game that I have
been into more than any other game that
you have seen I want to get rid of this
treasure chest I did not like that
encounter treasure chest did not do any
good impressed i want to but I see you
have to choose so many I want to get rid
of the goblins too I don't want those
goblins coming up fucking goblins will
bring back the maze of traps and you
need 25 cards in your deck so Yael you
have to have 25
let's see here heroes remains that looks
like a fun thing stranger in the shadows
that looks like a fun thing Oh a charity
too yeah we like that one or you give up
your food and shit but you get shit and
battle at Brook top any battle we want
any battle great oh fuck yeah it's like
should I just do one more round I you'd
be my guest you be my god you you do
that thing you want to do let me let me
see what I have to do but that's the
ticket rich what's your favorite race
master of Ryan to custom it's just which
is the only answer rich are you Oh rich
are you back to inverted controls yet no
I'm trying to let myself go over it
feels a little bit weird at times but
I'm sticking with it all pratts bitch
practical I won't have to check in
Vernon every time I run a new game for
the first time is the few times that
games don't support inverted controls
and some other idiosyncratic ease so is
that right I'm saying that yeah
idiosyncrasies that happen when you play
it for it I can red dead redemption with
the the duels the shootouts
all right I just looked at my calendar
and I have to stop
because I don't stop I'm gonna be
playing for another couple of hours all
right uh and i have to wake up tomorrow
is that's fine that's fine and so but
man
do I enjoy this game this is a game that
i will be playing and you know when it
comes to wednesday i just might want to
play this so you're okay with that race
well you know what we'll see whatever
whatever you want to stream okay pretty
flexible I know you the wednesday when
i'm streaming on my own i might want to
do more orcs ok we can you know what we
can start with orcs well we'll start
with or if if I I'm if i unlock more so
because I don't have nearly enough stuff
unlock to make it worth it but if i
unlock some more stuff in Knox's and
orcs must die too I might want to do
co-op but I know you don't play and I
don't know if you just want to jump
right in with co-op with me and I'm
unleveled character maybe maybe I'll
just make it open to the chat or
something I don't know I don't know yeah
good be so you know sunday if I'm
streaming I might either do orcs must
die too or maybe maybe I'll finish that
run of Orcs Must i won yeah that could
be fun to see good good okay well that's
great hey everybody thanks for coming
out we really do appreciate all you guys
coming out thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all of the old
subscribers and thanks to everyone else
who just came and and watched me play a
hand the hand of fate it's a fantastic
little game a little goodnight everybody
but I called it good good night
everybody
what if they'd the button now I have to
hit that button now
woman why the button stop streaming oh
oh by the way I just thought