Episode 059
Dis-Order 1886 (Part 1)
March 14, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyqqiZGZrRU
___________________________________________

so now you should be able to hear us
restart the ps4 well we had to restart
the ps4 and then I didn't turn on my
microphone so now now you should be
hearing it and hearing us oh my
it works great great welcome the only
weird thing is and actually maybe I can
change it in PS said it no yeah yeah
nevermind fuck it fuck it fuck it
ah so only your microphone audio is
being broadcast oh great no that's neat
when you leave the game only your
microphone is being broadcast ah
the only weird thing is the ps4 wouldn't
let me choose a different audio output
so the audio is also coming through the
h6 which is very strange but you know
what if that's I'm just going to assume
most people don't know what an h6 is
that's what we use as a mixer for our
for our microphone so rich and I can
both have a microphone at different
levels the zoom h6 now I understand you
were playing the game right now
I'm playing the game right now do you
see me pressing the X button horses go
that's how you know I'm playing the game
okay cuz I'm pressing the X button Oh
meow don't worry and then I press
another button so that's how I play the
game you walk to a place until you see
what button you should press and then
you press that button that's that's how
the game works
somebody uh somebody wanted to be a
director and and Hollywood told him no
no no I thought you I'm gonna make a
video game I think this is even worse
than that oh I got it I got it
I was thinking about dropping her I was
thinking about dropping her for a second
but I got her Oh God so uh I don't even
know I don't even know guys I don't even
know where to begin with this Oh Morton
being true
true today we have to kill more people
yeah yeah all right you might want I'm
going back in cover why do you grab that
machine ball yeah I thought the sniper
rifle might be the better choice it's
not it's not machine gun is always the
correct choice shit
no that's fine that's fine just a
grenade shit just a grenade all right
mr. grenade sorry you'll be fine
nope will I be yeah you'll be here fine
yeah dick you bunch at Dick's she's on
the pull of time oh that's a good idea
which is a thing you can view by the way
it has a little time mode because full
time mode is still something that exists
ah great whole time order something you
need when you're out gaming with a mouse
ha ha ha ha ha shit dick you dick oh oh
no you're in my face this is the most
exciting the combat let's have a look at
this game only because I'm doing poorly
and so there's like except for me in the
kitchen that was pretty good you in the
kitchen the blue kitchen I know mother
to bring kitchen I got surrounded in the
fighting skills I got out of the
situation
meanwhile I'm going to die yeah I died
again I'm not good at this game
it looks nice that is by the way that is
very true this game looks fantastic I
will not I'm sure I'm sure we'll talk
about that and then and how that relates
to what kind of game was is in the
review yes sure
hiya dick buncha dicks
I think I need this my verification dick
dick Oz one of those armored dicks thick
gotcha
use me lady
and back to the my handy-dandy matching
gun some of the enemies in this are
wearing full suits of armor like like
medieval armor and using chef does yeah
which is nor I mean that's going cuz
medieval armor so notoriously effective
against machine-gun fire yeah okay okay
let's jump over this now okay okay
oh well let's I should break it bullets
all right here we go oh wait wait I
wanted that Ezra bet anything that
explained the war of this game on why
time the history is different why the
setting is weird
no no this is just like it's just luck
yeah I saw a hidden audio thing we
missed something the sniper rifle he's
taking out from up there you see that
glint I do
god damn it you drop your sniper rifle
I'll go back for going back for it that
was that rifle you gotta go back for
this diaper rifle you dick cheese you
not only get have more than one weapon
at a time
get him I got and take my machine gun
back machine gun is more effective in
literally every other sense
okay so let's great what the fuck is
this game this is the order 1886 yep
shit shit just came out uh you'll
probably be able to pick it up at a
heavy discount next month haha all these
guys need a fucking god damnit sniper
rifle yes this is a situation well wait
now I think that she's buy a thing was
that a gun what is that Oh a launcher do
we want that there did that help take it
dick I only have four more shots love
does it work whatever let's get out here
let's crank it up yeah I called I called
our local gaming store our local chain
gaming store today to make sure they had
a copy of this and the guy who was so
the guy guffawed like I just come on
make sure you have a copy of the order
1886 he's like yeah dude as if as if it
would be a problem to have this so
congratulations Sony you did it it did
great you're doing great doing great
decided without the game really good use
that sniper rights for this story
looks pretty looks great
okay here we go yep come on where you go
this way
nope are there enough werewolves to
justify a story that includes includes
werewolves no no where near where with
short once yep we're unexplained and
have not shown up again yep
everything else has been generic a third
person shooter humans machine gun
fighting yes always one other weird
monster and that was it
hey no that was just a werewolf I don't
think it was a werewolf I think that is
just generic monster no that was an
older werewolf
okay he called he called it an elder
wearable he didn't look much like a wolf
oh that's the kiddies over there look at
that huh he couldn't hit you
apparently not AI is great hey I spin
yeah it's fantastic fantasy triple Plus
ah this game is $60
we're shooting at us from where people
down below are you sure about the head
oh there there oh yeah I'm sure about
that she's trusted later nope okay pay
attention movies I pay attention to
videogames say you're special power
there we go there we go rich how much of
a chance do we have to give this game
before you before we can turn it off you
can you can turn this off whenever you
want
yep you dick so this is an uncharted
ripoff right yeah I thought I charted
this time yeah it's late I'm sure but I
had a feeling yeah yeah Uncharted is
just this is just like Uncharted it even
has like Uncharted like fake platforming
which like to call platforming is
incredibly generous
yeah platforming takes skill Hey
oh really
like not shocking bad I would complain
but their stupidity is keeping me alive
Oh
shotgun like shotgun is never the
shotgun is never the right call even
though you want it to be it's really
upsetting
I love shotguns a game Jos games either
get shotguns horribly right or horribly
wrong yes
and you know doom gave you the template
they gave you the template early just
follow that template for the shotgun
right you'll be fine right for some
reason most modern games think the
effective range of a shotgun is one
point two feet away from all right here
we go
story time so once again we're following
this lady into the East India Trading
Company right because she has a secret
to tell us strange about it company
exports munitions around the globe
better gun
better gone odd but the dock guards are
armed to the teeth or the latest
weaponry enough of your speculations
let's find what you brought me here for
shall we
I love every us pack elegance what are
you here to show me all the dot where's
the dot dot spying oh there's that so oh
so here by the way
protip before the order 1886 let's say
you don't know where to go right you
don't know where to go look they just
see that that you followed it up tells
you exactly where to go this way exactly
where to go what to do on my mark
be prepared to cover me
deserted a very ill omen I'm not very
ill I'm okay now the proof woman as you
wish that's right so we've been
following this lady and murdering what
could be innocent people so she can
prove to us that this company is evil
and what if she brought us in here
there's like sucka
I made you murder all the guards
well that's okay he's you're a dumbass
and that's to be expected from any hero
from this life yeah from from not Liam
Neeson it's about the car go look for
any distinguishing marks on the crease
okay any distinguishing marks on the
crates the crates are you looking for at
the companies insignia on the sides
okay looking at crates Oh offer the
insignia it is a redstone
ah
nothing
are you looking for that one Oh
out of fridge that one I didn't have a
dog no don't have a doubt i defined it I
love it oh oh there's a dad yeah
this must be what we're looking for help
me get this one down alright here it is
guys we're gonna find this is spoiler
alert for anyone who wants to get
engrossed in the story of the order 1886
This Is It this is the big the big
reveal look hard night see the evil we
both fight against vampires are free to
consolidate in their power with the
protection of the Lycans in your land
Hastings and his vampire ilk are
spreading disease throughout you ladies
thinks you can't be one of them what
many have witnessed in Whitechapel your
noble Lord roam the streets late at
night preen on downtrodden women the
Ripper gangs that is what you call them
and how do you think the what still
continues to evade commissioner Doyle's
dragnet Whitechapel has become the
kyndra's feeding ground this was written
by a 15 year old yeah
it's a knife whatever you just kill a
vampire with a knife apparently that's
how you kill everything with a knife or
a gun how many more of these are there
enough to affect a city this is terrible
so they want to make the city vampires
yes the werewolf's are working with the
vampires to vamp and you know what you
know what that's some schlock that
that's better than anything this game
has given us a super schlock no no I
refuse I refuse before this it's all
about the rebels the rebels is the
rebels the rebels want to kill you but
how do you know how much you want in
trouble - amazing rebels rebels we gotta
shoot those rebels those rebels shoot
the rebels rebels I'll look through
Horrible's shit the rebels rebels at
least now there's a fucking vampire yeah
but I don't think we're gonna be able to
fight the vampires or maybe well who
cares who the fuck cares - oh I'll like
this one prepare another
yes you're right cge 1-1 3-8 SLOC
presented in the most boring pretentious
way possible yes usually when we say
schlock it there's usually some fun
involved like some joyful some joyful
crap this isn't sufferable this is
Sherlock that wants to be this serious
this was my big boy got that thing you
just did no cuz you hit a button I hit
that you did that thing I sure hit that
button real good that wasn't just part
of a cutscene you hit that you did that
oh by the way I held that button down I
held that button down I didn't just hit
it it's just me to get out there yeah
and yes this is the majority of the game
play this games what's going on right
now yep cutscene press button cutscene
let me look for some you might get a
gunfight you face 50 dudes there's a
ladder
oh that's ring ho like hyper real they
try to make everything else when you do
to get into a fun fight gun fight it's
not a fun fight look at that I'm fight
ha ha ha
there's like 500 dudes just pop out of
the woodwork you could be in one little
house and suddenly 500 dudes spring up
with machine guns found another fuel cab
why don't we just use grenades on these
guys wait inflating him on fire is good
too I suppose but you want the flame out
the shrapnel I suppose you're right you
know what rich you're right you're right
okay now I come over here this one's
ready to be lit oh oh wait something's
gonna happen cuts together remain eco go
I'll deal with this one okay so by the
way now it's okay we can I not use my
handgun cuz I have a machine gun think
it would be morphing
Oh
Oh
Hey look we're just fighting dudes again
there's vampires see this we're doing
you'd be moving around and strafing
there'd be some variety and the things
you were shooting at sure sure riot II
would be it's like I've seen so many
just generic people with a machine gun
pop up from behind a wall yep it doesn't
mean anything cuz it's like you can take
a couple hits yeah I just sit here take
a couple hits get your aim nice and nice
and uh nice and ready great just are
fine you know suck when I'm coming thank
you for fucking coming doc can cover is
this where's this dick hop up dick
gotcha later the last of us this is
scaring me away from the last of us yep
not gonna happen need to get down
Oh
no no this this is exactly oh do I have
to press the button hey you can do it
come on Lady
Jesus love me what I'd like to place oh
I forget the cover dear
in the cover and choo-choo-choo-choo
this feels like you guys are trying a
little too hard to not like the game
we've been playing for like seven hours
oh yeah yeah I tried very hard to like
it early on in fact early on I was kind
of being devil's advocate yeah yeah I'm
gonna want to see where they go with
this yeah and then and then too much
more of this button from cutscene should
happen and I just gave up
yep so no no I really did try even even
after the the 45 minutes of early
gameplay were like literally nothing
happened literally even after that I was
still willing oh man that's over and all
they tried to the artsy mama some
gameplay going on a mini you know it's a
bad like away looks it looks great but
the game that has one be down it's worn
by my good boy now yep well the egg
guess what you guys might not get that
is that we have been playing this all
day and so like our
we're done being nice we're done not
Rich's devil's advocate Jim on it yes
yes I fix yeah
we're switching jackets are a good
example of a SPS or
that effect used to compare the damages
uh you know like a Resident Evil
Resident for is the third is a
third-person shooter game right I think
one that this is similar to this I think
that's my baby no I think they want like
a fugitive genre to give us an example
of something like this that you doing
here's what I thought there will be more
specific in your question I guess is
what I'm saying
now she had a lighter this whole time
it's not
nope oh here look at this huh look at
this so this is our fourth werewolf
filling on our second encounter with one
but from
nope no okay oh okay yeah why would we
want ruin the cutscene with gameplay
but okay and the werewolf runs away
jumps on you yep instead of killing you
it's a tearing your throw out it runs
away I did I wanted my first hip X did I
made it I made a bad gun choice I made a
bad gun choice everyone made bad gun
choice really sorry made bad gun choice
yeah okay okay okay oh shit
dick come on back
oh shit his head his goddamn head wasn't
no way
yeah get up he runs away hey that's fine
that's fine I got all fucking day yeah
okay
that's how you to beat a werewolf
dick
and wait for the next one so maybe other
one yes I do want to curse between this
game and a good FPS third-person shooter
so I can get a better idea and how you
guys are judging this I guess I kind of
like the gears games
yeah gears of words fun here's his
finding any any sure I always preferred
using a damn mouse but I kept thinking I
eventually played with a mouse cuz most
of them come out with consoles I know
gears is good
it plays entirely differently but it is
technically an old person shooter
English is fucking amazing that game
vanquish is so amazing that not only is
if can't use a mouse and I love it just
as much as any to go out of the play
uh-huh so it's really amazing and I have
not played vanquish but Gears of War I
think those are fun games those are you
know what those are fun game I don't
like to see you again do plenty of
action you find out there's no time the
companies forces are gathering at the
shipyard plenty of action no good a good
uh night Oh
variety of enemies locations Resident
Evil 4 I think is a really fun game they
you know they're a little bit Resident
Evil 4 I think compares to this more
just because it's a little slower yeah
um but again a lot of fun this Mass
Effect Council though I that's most of
your story and characters and whatnot
and the first one as far as the shooter
goes in space it's pretty bad yeah
pretty bad nothing second one's okay
Jesus you say them sure third ones to
Arcadia at least firm for that series
yeah I'm using the United India Company
to spread terror throughout the world
that's when you get the dodge roles and
the haha the super the super animated
melee attacks
bring it crashing down then you must
trust me
fare you well night but only we could
have met on different circumstances
where should I find you what's for my
name in Whitechapel and I will be that
we're just talking about Mass Effect 3 I
want to hear your anger you're gonna
hear more than enough anger out of me ha
ha ha not even that even because in this
game I mean just in general I'm pretty
filled with anger whoo confrontations
rich chapter 10 in the world is going on
nah now is he don't walk away from me I
saw your Whitechapel what you followed
me I was worried about you you fled like
a madman after the battle on the bridge
oh nothing less than nothing this woman
is lovely interested yes she is she is
loved this loves McGuirk she is the girl
there is exactly one girl in this game
in history no mystery oh I suppose for
most of the game until that last section
there's only this one yes they added two
more for the fatigue company you know
infiltration you're absolutely right I
take it back I had 100% piggyback tell
me not this time is he and you do well
to stay clear of me
if your own good that's this is so this
is the real thing fun in games like this
this is a game in which you you find
general Lafayette and summon him to van
I can shoot werewolves with a lightning
gun and it is not fun I know I know
the the battles are far are too far and
in-betweens allegation this mother is
like there's nothing innovative about
the battle it as generic as shooters you
will get yeah even you saw that like
where is just like literally just hide
behind cover take up enemies hide behind
cover take out enemies wash rinse repeat
you don't get to choose like how you're
gonna take out enemies there's not
multiple paths like you can't go ahead
on can't flying it you have to hide
behind cover I three cannot sustain
another blow as great as the loss of
Mallory
holy need to is journey to blackhole
yard for what evidence
yeah this is this is making me want to
play a clear case the last of us commit
less whatever if this if this is similar
to the last of us then I'm not playing
the last of us there's all rather what
is the word the Commissioner so fond of
oh yes
elementary now what do you think I have
no opinion
but here we're playing it we're doing
our duty as reviewers to play in the
entire so if it is true that we have a
traitor in our midst
what is bound to get back to the
conspirators skip cutscenes please you
can't this game is the cutscenes yes if
we okay like the shooting aspects to
this game I don't like you said you
don't like six hours in slasher how many
hours have been the shooting to respond
oh god maybe one one and a half like
there's a little bit more than that
Mallard drastic suck you know what we've
recorded but the ratio is playing the
ratio is completely unbalanced we will
do we will do a side by side of how much
is story and how much is shooting yes
yes but the United house
dot what about like climbs does that
kind of shooting does it fun in any way
shape or form no I mean it's the laziest
fucking platforming
you can do yeah oh my god I think I
accidentally took a picture on this this
patent machine this pad muscle oh not my
place to do what I've gone and get back
to the space I wasn't what you say is
true there lavishes view we can try
happen why am i assistant my iPad
malfunction pad malfunction CAD
malfunction just yeah Thank You Gus yeah
yeah and they're saying the last OS is
predictable still fundation the end and
this like none of the shooting is fun in
this and the story has been this is
baby's first storytelling experience
including the United India House as it
turns out the corporation is evil and
the rebels are the good guy
dig neutral says I heard rich use air
quotes on platforming and you know you
know dig neutral you were absolutely
right
Chapter eleven brothers-in-arms oh yeah
no this cutscene is still happening
people you would be shocked and how much
there's been you really would back
interest of a compound there's a reason
why rich said the game we are playing we
are playing cutscenes right now it's
true yeah
and ready hero I'm controlling the
character again but I can't run well
this is basically interactive cutscene
this is a pseudo cutscene you're still
in hip so I wait here I can't do
anything because the story says I can't
do anything yet can't pull up a gun okay
how much gonna bet this goes to another
cutscene I want to bet $100 bet this
goes to another cutscene oh wait maybe
you guys are gonna see the other
exciting gameplay element oh look at
this look at this this is something you
do in this game a lot is he's get to
supposed you find pieces of paper now
and some of them have like completely
illegible cursive written on them oh no
and you can't move your hand in this one
you gotta move your hand in that one Oh
find another one we'll find another one
where you can move your hand it's
hilarious
what's happening the ordinance is on the
table this one
oh is this a bob wall well no it's a gun
new gun oh here it is so this is what
you get to do do you see what I'm doing
here whole bunch of things you can pick
up and look at and there's no like
gameplay mechanic for this there's no
function to it no there's just a whole
bunch of things you can pick up wave
around with the with the the analog
sticks and then you put them down this
is what I'm doing this is the game but
by the way so this is a tech demo yeah
this is them showing off their fantastic
lighting look at that look at that
lighting can you actually keep this gun
I doubt it but whoa cool
what am I supposed to do now oh there I
did it okay it didn't it didn't
transition into another cutscene over
ancient ones II think so we did cutscene
walk into this room
then another cut then another cutscene
absolutely that's that's this entire
game oh we do get to keep this gun great
in game model viewers exactly
twitchplayspokemon like and it
everything looks great but like most of
it most of it though has been like like
notebook paper with scribbles written on
it yeah uh pictures of random people
that we don't see in the game yep
which is odd bullshit you just pick it
up you look at it wave it around your
hands and you put it back down and it
all looks great in the lighting is
really like look at the lighting I don't
know if this is coming through on on
stream but like the lighting effects are
fantastic this game looks great if I can
say that a couple more times it's really
true
okay ready for a platforming oh oh I'm
sorry Joey Belladonna this is the cross
bowl not good you know difficult born
gun way Richie's just missed some epic
platforming I pressed a button he's
going up am I supposed to go down well
I'm going down so I don't care hope no
canker down I even have this path
available
okay guys ready for epic platforming I'm
gonna press forward and X now I'm gonna
press forward and eggs Prince of Persia
eat your heart out now yeah you know I'm
gonna do next I'm gonna press forward of
X whoa yeah dog rich how am I gonna get
over this banister can you think of
anything benefit uh for demand and and
triangle for two Mac X hey look
another thing forward and eggs oh this
is gonna be a tricky one
let's give it all up don't wind up get a
lineup for next and for the next o OE
Fraggle Oh a QuickTime oven you've got
to break up that foreign exit click the
quick timer
ha ha ha ha ha thinner brains are just
right now it's been a long day it's been
a real long day I'm help fans I'll be
pro gameplay absolutely MLG pro gameplay
right here and here we go final one for
next boom oh man
I'm feeling it also like you can tell
all the areas where you have to climb on
because they all seemingly have bird
shit on them you must have so much bird
shit on your hand out of the end of this
game just don't touch your face don't
pan out trustworthy man it seems not
really here's a debt to repay
that shit happens in uncharted all the
time yeah guess what series I'm not
playing you need to find a safe I could
point the gun let's kill the road to
quite a dramatic entrance you've planned
ok my objective is located Anchor Point
Jack followed the circle followed the
Don is there dauntless yeah where oh my
god then you found the dot
I found the dad look if that's the game
find a dot
press the gun something instantly
something no we didn't walk into the
room while people talk and credit where
credit is due
done done
rich have you played Red Dead Redemption
I like it a lot yeah I love I love the
Spaghetti Westerns so that game just hit
the red spot cool I could stand to use a
mouse during it is my complaint with
just about everyone
nearly every console shooter except for
vanquish sure which is so good it
manages to overcome that in my brain nah
yes
so if they call this an interactive
story would it be better it would need
to have a better story yeah that's
exactly what it would me Rachel I think
it unwise to eliminate company God and
to be a prude there was no time
Aleister you have to trust me oh that's
something rich and I are talking about
is is like if we just were to review
this as a story or as a movie how would
it how to pan out and the answer is it
would be an incredibly bland story or
movie it's 100% predictable this is what
happens when untalented people try to
artistically jerk off oh I think I'm
supposed to stop we have a crossbow it's
probably stalled to shoot people with
the crossbow oh no I think I'm supposed
to like this is a telltale game it feels
a lot like one yep but you know what
they arm $60 new doo-doo-doo-doo so like
this is one of the very few actual
gameplay elements where it's you know
you have to be a little sneaky but as
you see it like I'm just just walking
and then they give you a quick time
event right here and I'm murdering
people well I guess I know there's
vampires already so that's okay
I don't want to shoot him with my
crossbow because I don't know when can
in all fairness I wouldn't consider the
team behind this untalented always when
it comes to storytelling I'm tallying
creating an experience that is fun yeah
artistically so this looks great no this
I love the visuals yeah oh yeah I know
so they had you know what they had some
really fun um some really fun ideas
Nikola Tesla is your weapons designer
some really fun weapons that you don't
get to use I can't remember the name
that the game that did that but there
was another game that had Nikola Tesla
as a phase a character who did like
weapons of light
oh yeah yeah I'm trying to remember the
name of it it's a world Oh God
so get a Dark Void that's where you flew
around with a jetpack nice its
third-person shooter um some really fun
artistic direction that completely falls
flat whenever they ask you to play a
game and I know that it's it's you know
what it I understand that it's too much
for me to ask that I'd be able to play a
game when I play a game now I get that
but I still like playing games
somebody's asking me but I've kind of
talked about before it I'm curious if
you have ah you ever played homeworld oh
damn it I fucked out it's okay
do I have to do the whole thing over
again problem probably homeworld now
real times for a real time strategy game
where you you've you uh direct
spaceships around no I have not played
Oh
a story perspective I'm wondering how
you would feel about that one I don't I
don't know read the manual for the game
this is kind of written like a history
book okay like the main character is
basically the entire race okay they find
out the the desert planet they've been
living on was not the world they
originated in so they build spaceships
looking for their homeworld oh okay
neat idea I think all the other guys are
dead shut fuck shit fuck ah I've played
it I want to like it just because I like
I like spaceships yeah I like directing
spaceships around and I love the story
but it's the real-time strategy aspects
of that game I just don't like homeworld
yeah I like everything about it except
for the type of game it is if you can
find a way to make a turn-based I would
probably love the shit out of it Oh
Ryder how do i funny
keep looking do-do-do-do-do you know I'm
just gonna try shooting one of these
guys with my crossbow I just don't wanna
waste the bolts
yeah
I would like to know if I can could feel
like that would make my life a little
bit easier
they're saying you are the worst Sam
Fisher ever that's probably true that is
probably true it's been a while since
I've played a splinter cell game to be
honest with you I get my boat back hey
dude I cannot
I don't like search this guy or gaming
isn't for you guys anymore
pick another hobby yeah absolutely
absolutely I was thinking about knitting
how do you feel about knitting like then
you make something so I think I think
that would be good just have a key I
won't rich play ocarina of time I have I
shot him I shot him with my fucking
crossbow I shot him with my fucking
goddamn crossbow what what just after
after a shot with a crossbow he shot me
I'm sorry maybe the it's not an instant
death weapon then assume maybe it was a
still thing did you get a head shot
everyone else instantly died Oh everyone
else instantly died did you get a head
shot anyone else no okay I got a head
shot on no one on exactly fucking no one
gosh fucking fuck you said you say
ocarina I say o karna who gives a fuck
we do say o karana its ocarina flute
flute of time we don't have to I have
played I have played flute of time yeah
I enjoyed it it's not my favorite zelda
game there's like three or four others
above it and that's okay that is okay I
mean I link to the past winwaker and
twilight princess i rank above okarin oh
and you know i'll tell you this after i
recently replayed twilight princess and
madame man is it that um Wind Waker is
beautiful when the Lakers it up
yeah looking good but Twilight Princess
a little too cutscene heavy little to
front and heavy you go through so much
in that game before you get to be a link
it's really upsetting and that's not
even saying I don't like fluid of time I
do I just in terms of Zelda games I
ranked it fourth flute of time is fourth
sure
flute of time ah that game should always
be called flute of time by the way okay
I've got a flute the flute of time and
you'll say it will be mine
Jack and Rich played Dishonored I played
it a little bit but my computer used to
be a piece of shit I was getting like 20
frames per second I might I'm thinking
about picking it up again now that I've
got the good computer it looks like a
decent thief game the whole time I was
playing dishonored I get it you're like
ah they're not too far in Dover a little
bit it kept reminding me of the classic
thief games and that's a good thing
sure weird weird religious factions kind
of an interesting world stealth-based
I'm sure thief was a huge influence
actually I've seen online there's a
thief Easter egg oh yeah yeah there's
some back crumb background characters
that kind of act out something that
happens in the thief tutorial level okay
if you played the new thief game I don't
really want to it I've heard it's fairly
linear I've heard it doesn't have much
to do with the older games I don't like
the new voice III don't like the that
that apprentice character they gave
Garrett's um I'm not super interested
though I did get it pretty cheap with
the last Humble Bundle that's good it
was like seven dollars and thirty cents
along with eight other games oh yeah
pick it up okay this last card okay you
know what
fuck it fucking fuck didn't fuck this
game
and sub alert still broken yeah we're
stranded we're streaming from the ps4 so
so the sub alert is just not it's just
not a part of this on some alert was set
in the open broadcaster which happens
when we stream through the PC but this
is being streamed through the ps4 due to
technical issues do do so we're we're
you're probably not hearing it we're not
here - Oh weird it's definitely not
playing basically oh yeah yeah 100%
because but you know I'd like to think
that this is streaming through the ps4
you know and actually this is this is
really nice as far as ease of ease of
use streaming through the ps4 rich for
top things you put on your burgers
cheese always sure lettuce tomatoes
mayonnaise onions and optionally bacon
optionally bacon yeah
no ketchup no pickles and definitely no
mustard area there's a guy
we're in the guards on now
uh you know what you know what I like I
like the California style like mayo
lettuce tomato bacon cheese mayo on a
burger I think is an underrated thing I
really enjoy mayonnaise like just in
general
stealth anit up stepping it up
this guy feel like is gonna come back
whoo
why talk about my my burger talking
stretches ah
race these are the important things
how's the game going
I'm just so worried about losing Oh see
you have to redo that I've located the
tee take it and make your way through
what are they doing this about other
bodies by the way I shot that guy and
when he fell I apparently heard the key
fall yeah so that's how I knew that this
guard had the key
let's find thing good luck the gate a
sound cues fine thing oh no I can only
assume I heard the sound I didn't hear
the sound oh my god just said I have
caught okay check kill his last card
just for clean don't don't don't take
any risks right you can get out of there
safely just get out of her yeah except I
don't know where to go dude dude dude
dude dude where's my glowing where's my
glowing button I don't know where's my
going button that tells me exactly where
to go science so lost
to answer your question rich the games
going fucking awful did I ask a question
about a game this games like what this
game oh oh because I asked you oh oh oh
nevermind I'm right come on out tougher
that's red
drunk day like knows the thief this is
Musa Taffer this is not the gate I need
to open
they don't say Taffer in the new thief
they just say fuck which is kind of a
shame Taffer
yeah the thief games made of their own
swear word oh okay that gets used
frequently ah yeah tougher sure the new
one they just say fuck you oh fuck you
you fuck
how's that oh yeah that's real fun huh
where do I have to go where do I hope I
get moving
oh that could be a gate
are there still bear fights though well
if they don't say Taffer
I kind of doubt they have the bear
fights you never see one but they've
games they mentioned going to bear
fights ah so you go into the bear fights
tonight found the gate did you know jack
they don't make bears like they used to
yeah is that something they said yeah
great good apparently at the time thief
game still plays the Bears are kind of
sick back in the day they didn't used to
have that fancy knife furius traps to
him now what do they do
gum each other now now antiqued as long
as your finger please really like the
thief game I love the thief games you
guys might tell how does the original
thief hold up visually not very well
visually it's the equivalent of stick
figures it's like they don't even have
like polygons for the nose in the
original show it was like n64 graphics
kind of yeah but not as blurry and ugly
right an n64 graphic that's really funny
like this is wrong
like what I'm doing these wrong
are there any visual mods for thief I
just you know what I haven't played
around with yet I saw one the other day
it's gonna day I don't remembering
specifically what the name was I think
it was just called like the thief HD mod
oh it might make the game look too fancy
I don't know but I haven't I haven't
played around with a shit shit fuck fuck
I probably don't have to go way back to
the beginning cuz there was a cousin I'd
take over but you know the layout better
than I do at this point so I think this
is all you Jack oh great
great the guy over here wait for the guy
great then we go up here I went up here
but there's also a guy up here so we
have to be careful
I know I'm asking a lot about thief but
is there any chance you will stream the
original you know I I already did once a
little bit during the the rich Evan solo
stream extravaganza oh yeah
I streamed it until the game actually
crashed after I alt-tab to say something
in the chat and I I hadn't saved in like
45 minutes um no but I'll probably
stream it again someday I don't know
when there's a lot of things we want to
stream but I would not be shocked at all
if at some point i stream horse thief so
so rendezvous with Lucas now probably
the other way come on I don't know where
you fucking are man give me a break
are you at the doors now that I just
need to take out the guards where are
you
are there more guards I'll write ya over
it's just saying over here doesn't help
me okay rich I enjoy listening to you
talk about thief but I got it on your
recommendation and kind of hated ass
nice huh I'm sorry about last wing I'm
not not every game is for everybody yeah
he wants us to have the communicator
from here on good point yeah
at least I'm assuming you didn't pay
much for it you know this point right I
hope you did
where did she come from
you
doesn't matter you know what doesn't
matter
all right our
imagine if there was no mic and we just
had to watch the game
oh I'd be so sorry I'd be really really
sorry cuz I have to play the game I'm
sorry to myself huh did you get past the
stealth section I got past the stealth
second would you like 200 here look at
this oh look at that look at that great
lighting doesn't that look great
you're gonna let you get it
what around I'll flip it over oh wait
don't forget flip it over yay
my dearest Elizabeth great hey guy right
you want to take over oh god sure forget
I don't forget I inverted okay oh yeah
yeah on the end the inversion front I am
I'm allowing myself to fully switch over
yeah it's weird sometimes but I'm
putting up with it I like it when does
Kevin Spacey give you the robot arm
right ah geez someone's saying man I
thought FTL was boring oh we're still
oneself apparently there's more stealth
look look what happens I give the
controller guess I'm I'm crouched we
should say something that crouched yeah
I'm Mac Oh automatic we're not doing
that they didn't there's no Crouch
button the game just crouches for you
the game Crouch is for you because you
can't be bothered to know that you
should crouch when you're being stealthy
fuck it fuck everything um it's right
outside here wasn't this Bacchus turn on
areas easy
remember hot idea oh if he comes close
again remember the QuickTime events yep
a hunkered down rich that's right
oh my god Alejandra Alejandra is working
on a space cop mod first belenki huh
okay I saw I saw your tweet Alejandra I
am so excited I will play that I will
make sure everyone plays that I think
I'm done where you came from no I did
not I came from outside all right
I just noticed the new on-air ticker
thing on the stream yeah that's for
octave automatically but up against the
door of course you don't have to worry
about playing the game at all that's
because we are streaming directly from
the PlayStation 4 and that that just
shows up there and there's no way to
turn it off which is fine which is fine
i think that you know i'm i'm happy with
this dream i think it's working
it's a little easier to set it up on the
ps4 than it is an open broadcaster 2 3
oh come on
i'm stuck by the thing umm what else can
we talk about did you see did you see
the power rangers gritty reboot thing i
I'm assuming that's a fan thing it well
but it's a fan thing made by a real
director ok I I didn't watch it but I
saw it ok
I watched it it oh it almost it's a it's
a who's over there I see that that gun
but just bobbing around does he you look
at you it's sticking straight on the top
of somebody's head no need for sure see
oh no those must have been rots
I guess that Bush just looks like a gun
and a head bump it up I'll suggest Ben
rots Oh careful there's another garden
right back do I need to attack them what
am I where am I going
I admit I wish I just took over I don't
know what's going on where you been
you can figure this out oh yeah Dawson
was a little much in it james Van Der
Beek is in it and um and some lady from
Battlestar who you wouldn't know who
made it the guy I don't know like he's
he's a big music video director he
directs a bunch of music videos one
music video of his that I really loved
as he did the heated the Meuse music
video for Knights of Cydonia huh where
it's like a space Western but like like
a 70s movie about a Western with laser
technology ok really cool music video he
you know but but you
big deal gritty reboot it's almost it's
funny though like it's it's almost a
piece of comedy where like they're
making like the gritty version of Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers and it's like you
can't go zack snyder gritty with the
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers I was or
can you know well they will of course
they will but aren't they since they're
still like a children's version on TV oh
yeah they won't then no no like well
they quit there is talk of like a real
Power Rangers movie like a big
blockbuster Power Rangers movie which
I'd be cool with I love the idea of
giant robots fighting giant monsters I'm
100% down with that but
so should I take all these guys out or
no was he the guy who made red I do not
believe that dr. tallow says the guy who
did the Power Rangers reboot is the guy
who directed red so you told me well I'm
telling to Chad that and I don't believe
it
no offense no offense to the guy who did
the Power Rangers reboot but it's not
dread
well J and Mike Nam might not have liked
Pacific Rim but I liked Pacific Rim it
was all right by me I hate that game who
Jane I'm out of the game in that movie
that's why someone is saying but I
thought rlm hated Pacific Rim I don't
remember what they thought of it
honestly I don't remember either but I
enjoyed Pacific Rim it wasn't my
favorite but I thought it was pretty
cool actually I haven't seen it since
the Thea
