Episode 061
Back Problems of Fate (Part 1)
March 16, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1X5RR39zMHc
___________________________________________

everyone can hear my noodles could
everyone here riches doodles yeah we're
coming up we are up now they're coming
up hey we did it this time we were up we
have minutes ago we have the game I have
added playing in my ear which is
unacceptable because I'm talking to you
there we go right sound is off i'm good
to go great we were we were up a little
bit ago ah i get for shock musze does it
count fuck what spooky Dookie thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
also I enjoy your name spooky still love
that name still love that name it's very
funny um does it count as a shock ma if
it's not our technical difference the
real quaid thank you for subscribing the
past four months now we very much
appreciate it I think there's a separate
one frog which runs okay okay Oh Shawn
of noise thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we won
the fuck whoa the ocho nose thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
also tell a gun both the ocho nose and
the telecon have been with us for seven
months lolly battle machine 322 320
thank you for subscribing really
appreciate it five months in a row hey
gobbledygook thank you for subscribing
for the past seven months we really
appreciate it so Jack what I noticed in
the past podcast yeah the order 1886
stream yeah says no audio audio for
portions of this been cut out yes and I
know for portions there Oh ed witten
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it some of the audio has been
muted due to copyright claims from the
order 1886 if you skip ahead i want to
say it's like around the 3-minute mark
the audio starts and then it will cut
out here and there but mo it's mostly
there but that's game audio that's so
weird isn't it isn't it weird oh fuck
them you know it's fine it's fine
everything's fine oh I saw Ellie
Hendricks alejandra ex wants to know the
rlm email address because Ellie
Hendricks is making a space cop spelunky
mod which is something I'm really
excited about but first of all dong at
Lee thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it and you can set that
bowl of okay thank you Robin don't
that's why we were really she ate it you
as well spacechem oh thank you for
subscribing you can send that to
previously recorded dot RL m @ gmail.com
that is an email that we check we have
an official at red letter media email
that I don't have access to and I don't
think rich does either we should get
access to that but for now previously
recorded dot rlm at gmail is the one we
check that's also the email for our
official previously recorded steam
profile there anyone on that but so did
do that so I rich was going to play
tonight but we were working very hard on
the very special ending
to our next previously recorded episode
and and my back started bothering me and
Richard is vessel I wanted to I wanted
to come home and and and pamper my back
of it take a nice warm shower just some
stretches yeah take it easy before
before you know my back flirted a
full-blown sciatica or something fucked
up i don't know right my back provides
me now you're right i had like sciatica
a last summer it was like two months of
excruciating pain every time I sat down
or walked yeah I was horrible so but the
the end of the episode should be
incredibly fun but it's gonna it's gonna
take a while it's probably going to take
longer to film this ending than it did
then it took the film the actual
episodes yeah what longer than it took
play the game longer than its yes it
will take longer to film a wait hold on
what is that rmt for thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it
will take us longer to make this ending
than it will have taken us to play the
game the order which is something I'm
really really excited about rich
actually did the thing where he screamed
for 30 seconds every time he sat down or
got up you know it was close to that
yeah you know back back when my back was
flaring up yeah back when I back when I
had sciatica full-blown yeah that's when
the next gen cast we're having a that
get together that show in Chicago oh
shut up for the wizard world and so was
like you know I had excruciating pain
but I wanted to go to that just because
I thought it might be my only chance to
see you know the next-gen crew oh yeah
so I went despite my sciatica and I was
like screaming I was literally screaming
in pain for most of the Carlile down
there so sorry it was it was really
stupid to go
it was really stupid to go oh I mean you
know
but I now live in terror that I'm going
to have to go through that again I
sciatica yeah oh yeah I'm with you
I'm not fooling with you just cuz I've
never had that but listen back back
problems are back probably now okay
great i just tweeted I was a
multitasking tweeting while talking and
mr. shy smile gets no shout out did he
get a shout-out did that day did we miss
a lot the fuck while we were chatting
mr. shy smile thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate mr. shy smile our
newest moderator gets no love because
he's our newest moderator even now
that's okay yeah I'm sorry I was talking
about my crippling back pains look I'm
sorry we say your name I'm sorry butter
buttermilk biscuits thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it also
the binaries son thank you for
subscribing okay so this is hand of fate
this is a game I have been playing and
really enjoying what I played this last
week or the week before i played this
sometime do you know when i do you
remember when i play this i don't
remember this is sly sunday i think i
played this last sunday and i have been
playing it on and off and really
enjoying it i've gotten a little farther
great sorry I need to you want me to you
already talked about still good good you
need to what what are you doing what
what are you doing whatever turning what
are you doing everything's fine
everything's fine go ahead and talk
about what well two things reg what are
your class in the home rule games I love
everything about it other than the fact
that it's a real time strategy game I
love the fact that you play around with
ships I love the stories I I it's great
looking game I love love playing around
with spaceships my we don't like
real-time strategy so I like everything
about that game of him that the other
big news it's not somebody mentioned and
I'm gonna bring this up take care of it
get out of the way Leonard Nimoy died
yes and what I have to say about that i
did a little tribute at the beginning of
the next episode that Jack is almost
certainly not going to edit out because
now I have publicized it good rich so
now now you know I don't I don't I don't
think jack is going to cut that out of
the episode no no you asked me not to I
want okay wrap it for me I know you were
going to because you don't you don't
give a shit I guerlain you're right next
gen your next gen guy you never you
never really watched the original series
you know you know it's not the same
beauty no no absolutely not the same
time and we can talk about that this is
the very first time that riches ever
demand Davis luck that I don't eat
something in the episode where he said
it was it's worse fuck yeah I don't care
about I'm sure Leonard Nimoy was a great
guy i'm sure and i know that the
original Star Trek meant a lot to a lot
of people but it's like just to me you
know a person died an actor died it just
doesn't mean that much to me but I will
keep it in it was it's small it's very
simple oh yeah subtle it's very subtle
and it's just you know that I just don't
I you know they're there are people who
have passed away that have meant
something to me you know blender Nemo
isn't what I'm saying is I understand
your feelings of Leonard Nimoy
but but but i am i'm still actually
reach heaven swan so so i'm gonna do
this yeah uh everybody let's take bets
who is the next original series cast
member to die whose life was in it for
you if you win you neva know who's left
well there's takei decays loved Chad nah
Alvarez left uh-huh you don't know who
her his name's jack off no chuckles
Jenna was gone is that gone isn't check
off gone no you're thinking of Scotty
Scott he's gone Shatner I'm going with
Michelle Nicole's yeah Sulu still looks
like he's in pretty decent shape shatter
still looks like he's pretty decent
shape uh actually you know what Walter
Cohen ism he looks pretty bad it might
be I'm you know what I'm gonna change
that yeah who's well it's it's gonna be
check check check off looks like crap
check out check out this my vote for
next okay
okay that's fine oh nasty I lose a food
I saw I thought had one wait go grab is
a shape yes I know I know William
Shatner is fat but like old people die
when they get really skinny it's like
they don't eat much anymore and they
waste away yeah I think I think I think
seeing a fat old person I think that's a
good son a sign I think it's a good side
uh uh yeah I think I got the fuck i
think i agree with you um mehdi most
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it I saw someone asked like
who who was someone that passed that was
like important to me and I don't either
as that of the Nimoy discussion that is
that is true yeah and like recently
Robin Williams was a very important
person to me growing up I you know like
comedy I'm a comedian I was compared to
him a lot growing up and so when he him
passing and especially for depression
reasons was was a that hit me that hit
me close to home so who's that again
Robin Williams oh yeah yeah yeah you
know yeah actually know what I remember
that conversation yeah of course was
yeah and then cites you know I'm I was
glad you love this yeah you were talking
to me about this oh no well I saw it in
the chat too for me the one that really
bugged me George Carlin yeah yeah are
you sure that's the right I'm a comedian
I'm technically a comedian I make funny
videos Lisa I think they're funny you
don't have to think they're funny
okay great I think they're funny that's
all that matters hey we have a first
time viewer rich first time prereq
viewer long time rlm fan will welcome
welcome we just we play games and jibber
about stuff you're not missing much okay
rich the gun why does happen yeah the
gods of the old religion are powerful
yet unpredictable pray to them do you do
you pray to them okay I prayed to them
we gotta want the fuck a choice select
success we success okay can you read
that i missed that what the fuck can you
read that well Oh smelter wooden apolis
what can offer is something hold on hold
on you smelter when in all of us thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it smelter wedge in all of us yep it's
disgusting it's just disgusting dr.
Forrester thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we do I
just got a great blessing card for every
kill that I get with an axe I get three
health that's a great car died and i
have a mace my axe is a little less
powerful than my mace but having that
health bonus is worth it
I think right now you know in this game
with the cards yeah when they know the
success and fill cards yes you do know
you can follow the cards right that's
not when they flip that's not just an
illusion that you really can follow the
card with your eye you can you can
follow a couple of them you know like
the the top point the top one you can
follow and you can kind of figure out
which one is which yeah but I mean but
then sometimes made multiple they
shuffle multiple times so yes I do know
that but they're hard to keep track of
sometimes it's not it's not entirely
related but I'm gonna hit you with some
some fun math stuff oh no oh that's
right that's right rich is really into
math today have you heard of the Monty
Hall problem the Monty Hall problem
Monty Hall have I ever heard of Monty
halls he's an old TV you don't you know
who money homeless that's what I'm
trying to remember he was he was a game
show host there we go and you know he
was either the host of let's make a deal
okay one of a lot of things they had on
let's make a deal was like an old you
want she was feeding door number one
door number two or door number three
right now and like you know between
behind one of the doors is a car right
and then behind like the other two doors
that have like like an actual like go to
write write anything like a joke prize
prize right and you know you could say
door number one I want door number one
and then hurt for dramatic purposes
after you choose your dorm money would
take one of the other doors and he'd
show you one of the goats right and
they'd say do you want do what do you
still want door number one do you want
to change your answers like the tension
right sir here's the question does odds
wise what do you do do you change your
answer or not so does it make a
difference there's three well first of
all no fear no Envy thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it so
there's three doors and use three doors
and you know them as go find two of them
yeah and one of them has a car
so you choose a dorm yeah then he shows
you one of the goats yeah and offers to
let you choose again sure that I mean
but but that wouldn't change that
wouldn't change your odds at all because
you you had that wrong us it's like it
took me forever to wrap my brain around
this cuz it seems so counter-intuitive
egad you see one but it's not the same
no no all apparently statistically I've
seen this done in like a video and I've
like tested it myself it was so weird
yeah always change your answer wow you
double your odds because when you when
you pick the first time there's two
goats and one car right right when you
pick one of those doors there is a
two-thirds chance of picking a goat
right right so the odds are you got it
wrong to begin with right so then he
reveals one of the goats right so you
know where you know for sure we're one
of the goats is after he reveals it and
the most likely one you chose the first
place was a goat if you switch doors you
get a car two-thirds of the time I ok I
mean listen if that's what the math says
that's that's fine it's just it's after
he reveals the goat you have a
fifty-fifty chance no okay you have a
two-thirds chance there's videos on this
and they explain it it might make better
sense I listen I believe we ever gonna
be on don't make a deal or let's make a
deal so what I've been doing in this
game and believe it or not I it kind of
works so it doesn't really fit in with
the money hall problem because they
don't reveal one of the failures but I I
pick a card and I just assume i picked
wrong and then I pick another one cuz I
figured you know odds are i picked wrong
the first time right I'm sure I'm sure
that doesn't work at all I'm sure I'm
wrong for doing that but it seems to be
where it seems to work out for me okay
I mean it's not the same because you
don't they don't reveal one of the
failure occurs after you choose you know
yeah mm-hmm rich is right he's just
doing a bad job of explaining it yes
you're right you're absolutely right
hahahahaha this is true Jack dr. secare
but Leonard Nimoy death or old people
game shows this is two things that check
doesn't care about I don't know i don't
i don't understand it link me to the
video rich yeah i'll let my only look
for it was probably several link link me
to the the math video Thank You
alejandro i will i will see if i can get
that running Alex just linked us to the
mod just oh okay cool well I'm gonna die
which I'm checking my email right now oh
I got it thank you Jack ain't too bright
Jack ain't too bright you know that
about me already though there's no need
to say it math is this wonderful thing
rich and I were talking about math
earlier and how much we loved math math
math is the only real truth it's great
math math is is is wonderful I don't
like it that I have made my way Jack I'm
putting a link to one of the videos I've
seen to the money hall problem on the
chat right now I'm gonna save it I just
did that is my job just did it I'm gonna
save it Foster all right I got our way
of focusing the mind i got it traveling
he approached fish up i can buy some
food do you get to keep the goat wasn't
that like a joke is there no no I was a
joke Jones sure you didn't get to keep
the girl but wasn't there a thing where
like oh that was like the the radio
contest where they were like one of
their dummy prizes was an elephant and
yeah person who won the dummy prize
insisted on keeping the elephant that's
what that sentence episode of spaced out
it's not the first time that's happened
you remember Pepsi points perhaps the
points something they did in the 80s it
was like
let's click the pepsi points interna man
you get prize sure medic like you know
fancy 50 beds boy did you get a radio
75mg punch you get a bike and then as a
joke at the end of the commercial they
showed a Harrier jet and they said 1
million points and some smartass figured
out that you know 1,000,000 Pepsi points
will get you a relatively cheap air jet
oh sure sure so they sued Pepsi for
their Harrier jet I don't remember how
that lawsuit ended but it happened great
that's really funny that is really funny
no that was a simpsons episode but the
simpsons episode was based off of a
real-life complaint and the in real life
the person probably didn't get an actual
elephant but that's what the simpsons
episode was based off of like most
simpsons episodes
I'm just doing a little by the way for
anyone who doesn't know like right now
I'm not playing the story mode and
playing endless mode and basically all
I'm trying to do is unlock more cards
and so I'm taking big risks like I'm
doing right now I'm 510 lows thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate
somebody saying the Pepsi guy got a cash
settlement yeah Pepsi could not legally
buy a Harrier jet that's really funny
stampy that's right another of my
servants fulfills his duty rich did you
see a Ronda Rousey fight last night no
no I don't I don't even know what that
is is that wrestling I know probably not
wrestling that doesn't sound like I
think I saw something for that unlike
the one yahoo news or something anxious
Ultimate Fighter champion I know was
that the MMA fight that lasted like
eight seconds it's something like that
like that the women's heavyweight MMA
fight that lasted like 20 milliseconds
UFC fight thank you great 14 second
knockout that's that's what you get
sometimes I I saw live the mike tyson vs
evander or not like those vs evander
holyfield's what was the Mike Tyson
fight where he knocked out the guy in
that was half of his fights no but it
was a big one it was like it was like
George Foreman or Holyfield or something
like that you know Tyson oh yeah the
life that provides him oh thanks Leon
Spinks cuz that what it was yet yeah
yeah i saw that live at my uncle's house
and he did the whole pay-per-view thing
and you know it was super excited to had
like a huge part in every everyone was
so pissed it was funny also the person
in the chat explaining that it's a fifty
percent chance in the Monty Hall problem
watch the video it's more than 50 it's
like it's like two-thirds it makes we
were saying because at
that was the only thing that matters
that that first pic right at first pick
you have a two-thirds chance to pick a
goat once they reveal the other goat
it's the other way around its to third
chance to get the couple because you
probably have to go for the two thirds
and once you got to go they reveal the
other goat the only other possibility is
the car right it may it kind of makes
sense but still like oh like the other
way to look at it though is after the
goat is shown you have a 50-50 chance of
being right but like that's that to
third chance to pick a goat in the first
place cuz the other episodes it ends up
big into third stands to get car cuz
picking a goat means getting a car right
if you change I can do this I can do
this
oh this one yeah I can definitely do
this I can definitely do this jack is
blowing wrist Jackson no I still don't
understand rich linked me to the video i
saved it I'll watch it later I'm playing
this is hand of fate it's a
deck-building Game that features batman
arkham asylum style combat and it's a
game that I've really really been
enjoying in my free time it actually
makes me want to play more batman
because now i feel like i understand the
combat better if that makes any sense
Brock Adele brain still thinks it's a
fifty percent chance that's why your
crocodile brain try being a lion brain
right no no it's it's really
counterintuitive I couldn't wrap my head
around it at first too i thought well
it's got me it's 50 of course he's gotta
g that i watch the videos and it makes
sense now
did you ever play that game called
kingdom hearts where you use the cards
to fight that I played kingdom hearts
where you fight with mickey mouse does
that count paul verhoeven thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
Jack and rich either if you ever had a
mullet hair dude no well I can't speak
for Jack me know do you wanna jack if
you ever have you ever had a mullet do
you want to hit this is the exciting
questions we get on the show harwich you
want some real talk here yeah you want
to leave you had a mullet I had a rat
tail oh my god that is that's disgusting
the dude 1944 thank you for subscribing
I as most of you know grew up in the
country ah and a lot of kids add rat
tails and so they were cool you grew up
on a farm as your excuse for everything
I had I had no contact with the outside
i will see if i can find a picture of me
with a rat tail it exists i had a rat
tail it never got very long i'll tell
you that but you know listen when your
kid you don't know any bud I'm to token
if you succeed I had it I had it may be
for like a year or so I don't remember
exactly but wait like well before I was
a teenager Oh one night you are captured
by Lizard Men and brought before their
king you are stripped of your equipment
and must choose an opponent to fight in
their underground arena I'm going to
fight the tools so why do I not get an
axe
I don't think I've ever gone without my
you get like the cheapest possible acts
oh you get like the rusty and rusty X ok
and that's it ok I only have two dudes
to fight so I can do this
you know I really like the the kick stop
when you don't have your shield that
feels that feels really cool get out of
here dude ya did it the more I learn
about Jack the more scared I become you
should I never fought on that raised
lava platform before yeah it's ness
exciting you know the I was talking
about this game with rich a little bit
earlier and I want to say I'm like eight
nine hours in and it's just getting to
the point now where some of the levels
some of the guys are starting to become
a little monotonous I'm only halfway
through the story mode and so I can see
this being like a solid 20 our game and
being done with it but I've been really
really enjoying it I i purchased the
game off of steam I mean at steam I mean
duh GOG yeah game is available off of
gog so I you know I now have the game
with with no drm issues it's my game I
can install it when I want just a backup
copy of it on our spare hard drive and I
I I can see myself going over 20 hours I
could see it but I like just knowing me
and knowing how I get over games i want
that healing cap i'm good at sex it's
games pretty good at 2nd I was watching
you play it now is that yeah yeah no I
mean I but then I actually played up
myself like I'll let's just this works
it does card thing works it really does
and and the card thing this is something
we talked about during our what we're
playing now episode when we're talking
about like why roguelike games work like
this and because you get these little
rewards you know like when you unlock a
new card when you unlock just a
challenge even if you die you get one of
those chits that gives you some new
cards it's these tiny little incentives
for learning the game it's really great
oh I get to go back and try to free some
prisoners I'm going to do that
oh crap Tessa grass I did it I did it
which probably didn't watch wrestling
but Jack had a rat tail so you know he
was a fan I did I know I'm dressed you
want stress thanks to back in the day
yeah i was i was a hole I was a little
hulkamaniac yeah oh yeah I was dead
you've earned first day when we were
kids everyone was a hulkamaniac that's
just a when I was a kid like i'm talking
like the hulk hogan macho man Rowdy
Roddy Piper up Bobby the brain Heenan
that era oh yeah I was all over that oh
well that when Roddy when rowdy roddy
was in the arena shit was getting real
then very briefly i was watching WCW and
like the 90s they're doing the NWO stuff
but most of that was like a nostalgia
thing at that plans like oh yeah I
remember these rustlers oh fuck yeah the
bushwhackers I loved the bushwhackers
hey didn't I need it yeah they were just
crazy they were for me please I am naked
like animals i get anything is caught
you hear the Queen bushwhackers I
haven't used this card it as you
traverse a particularly tricky trail
across a mountain ridge you notice a
dark ravine beneath you something
glitters in the dim sunlight that
reaches the base of that cavern climb
down and take a look in the gloom of the
narrow canyon you find the old remains
of the one cart apparently having fallen
down years ago you find nothing of worth
except a chunk of glittering metallic or
urban vermin thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it might not
sound soon orange in its current state
but perhaps you can find someone who can
use it oh great that's the first time
I've gotten this card people so I'm
taking it I'm taking it
I got the medal or I did I did it all
right here we go what were your best
movies of last year what came out last
year I didn't remember right I remember
guardians of the galaxy it's what I
remember no guardians good yeah it's
fine movie fine movie well did Winter
Soldier come out last year yes I'd put I
put Winter Soldier above God wait what's
that last year was in you before I'm
outta here before no concept of space or
time there are some good movies last
year I'm sure maybe well you what are
your thoughts on ark Arkham Knight being
rated but sure I'll give a shit I don't
give a shit about that I kind of give a
shit about the possible spoiler I heard
oh don't spoil yeah I'm not gonna talk
about that rich rich and i are grown-ass
adults we don't care for a game is rated
M my sister does the gig I love her but
she's another good this is coming from
me when I call somebody weird it means
something I was left these simple pieces
I'm from them I have built a she I was I
was at a restaurant with her of the
other day but you will ever end like you
know you ordered a drink and you know
Pepsi okay no no it's not rather she'd
rather drink water than pepsi apparently
she's a coke drinker through and through
it's it's it's fucking soda good shit
right Oh someone's mentioning some good
movies snowpiercer did you see
snowpiercer and last year no you can't
stop you see snow busy I didn't answer
so no I don't see many like Jay and Mike
are the ones that were always saying the
new movies most of them I don't really
give a shit i'm not going on my way I'll
something there's no period hey hey rich
this subscribers for you
I'm degree that one danger peanut thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it yeah it's true I know snowpiercer was
really fun that that was a neat little
movie um it's hard for me to just
remember what came out but yeah I did
not have time to read that wall of text
yeah hey I appreciate you posting more
about the money hall problem yeah but I
could not that it I did and actually
just this weekend just last night I saw
I saw someone mentioned like in their
list of best movies of last year just
last night I saw edge of tomorrow that
Tom Cruise Groundhog Day meets alien
kind of thing pretty decent like the the
best way to describe that movie is it's
really great at how like middle of the
road it is it is a movie that will play
forever on cable television and everyone
will be really happy about that you know
it's like it's so simple I wouldn't mind
watching that one that actually does
look good yeah yeah it's fun it's got a
neat premise and some good action and I
mean Tom Cruise that bruise and ladies
good to I forget her name and Lady it's
overrated i'm calling it middle i'm
calling it perfectly middle of the road
like that's not i'm not heaping praise
on it settle down it's perfectly
acceptable for a movie that will play on
cable forever Emily Blunt thank you
tobin the gnome emily blunt was in that
very good
well I get the mace again mace deals
more damage but with the axe our way do
I have my I need to make sure i have my
was that this run where I got the
somebody has said that edge of tomorrow
was based on or inspired by video game
speedrunning I could believe that it's
very I could believe that yeah it's very
it's very much video game the movie but
they handle it in a fun way it's all it
all has this kind of like smirk about it
and you know a lot of the deaths as you
know every time Tom Cruise dies he wakes
up again at the same time a lot of the
deaths are little humorous it's very
good very very very acceptable that edge
of tomorrow what the fuck but the
important thing is Jack yeah when they
ask you if you want coke or pepsi yeah
why would you get indignant it is pepsi
poem so sorry I messed I went right in
the middle of your Pepsi and Coke story
you're right why why would you get
indignant about it Cola is gone it's
here well here's the real question
imagine you into a restaurant and they
said light and you know you said like
I'd like a coke and they said we only
have I don't know what's like off Brent
like faygo Cola like we only have like
off-brand Cola is that ok would that be
acceptable to like we only have royal
crown Cola ok the proper answer is ok
yeah oh no no water that's what that's
what your sister says these lesser
attitude according to your sisters I
guess one it system and she's a sweet
girl I'll God try to bet that sister
were horrible she's a sweet girl it's
funny don't your office just a Mormon so
she's a little bit night hey woman
thanks but but just just accept the soda
they don't don't make it don't don't
calm down and don't make a scene I'm
being angry I'm not the sort of choice
it's just drink just drink the toughest
or quietly were so oh well you know what
Alan I'll have this bright instead no
sure I'll have a sprite and says that's
acceptable how do you she's a Mormon yes
by choice by choice fucking hate the rap
min max great sure see that's the thing
that's what I said tell agon is Mormons
don't drink caffeine your sister is not
supposed to be in taking caffeine rich
huh that's what I thought too rich is
gonna have a talk with her well she
likes o coke has caffeine in it
everything okay maybe she's not a good
Mormon I don't know maybe she look maybe
maybe for all aight fur for all I know
jack she's not even a Mormon anymore
because there's just kind of an unspoken
agreement between us to never talk about
religion I'm spoken completely unspoken
great but I think we just both know
better yes agree agreed um in an old
abandoned graveyard the restless spirits
sense the presence of a blessed soul and
remain quiet you spend a piece of the
Great Awakening what somebody called
jack is awesome says ex-mormon here no
caffeine isn't a rule just a suggestion
on the church oh well that's good to
know Oh apparently
I go to the graveyard and everything's
cool I know almost nothing about the
Mormons I know I like pronouncing it
more mon I'm not gonna talk all the moms
I don't want to sound like you know I
obviously I've talked about being an
atheist but I don't want people to get
the impression that I hate people who
are have faith no no I don't care I
don't care I really don't care what you
believe I joke about things every now
and then because it's fun and I think
I've been doing that a little bit too
much lately maybe no maybe a little much
he was right it back back off that
trying to hey if I really we're cool
with everyone I have nothing against
people who have faith and whatever just
don't hurt anyone else you ever see that
Wolf Blitzer thing on CNN where there
was like a tornado went through an area
he was he was interviewing one of the
survivors oh and it was like in the
south yeah yeah yeah and I was like
Oklahoma like what you eat and your
family survived i'm just-just thank lord
I mean you must feel blessed and she
kind of like didn't dodge the question
she didn't really say anything I know
but really just blessed you you do bless
the Lord right don't you and she
eventually just sitting on I'm an
atheist and yeah I'm well that's okay
let's go old school you can just use
like that's the attitude everybody
should have right that was just that was
just fucking awesome mm-hmm it is it you
know what it is can i buy a blessing no
these are all too expensive curse now I
can curse
get four dollars for my mace at four
dollars for my right maze rich good Jack
doesn't know will be the next big r LM
series it would it would go on forever
there are so many things I don't know
how you make mustard that's that I don't
know I do that you just grind up mustard
seeds I yeah yeah the last thing I want
to know is how to make mustard I want to
know how to destroy mustard how do I on
how do i unmake Buster to Tony it that's
usually what I do I think that's fine
that's how you destroyed and then it
just goes bad a token is at stake the
children were warned warmed by your
generosity last time would you be
willing to save a few lives again i will
give food to the priest i will give him
five food okay i have one chance for
success erage i think it's this one yes
good work jack I could work on that
completely random guess I did they
shuffled twice rich that it's hard to
keep track of the cards machine noise I
know huge six did you ever successfully
pass that Devil's Carnival token not all
not one hundred percent success success
i did a success 15 up you never got yep
you haven't gotten the token for no i
have not gotten the devil's carnival
token yet i have that one's a bitch yeah
yeah you have to get the the extreme
success one twice in a row right right
and like I've got through where I just
like haven't gotten hurt or you know and
I've gotten I I did once where I gotta
fight in there which was pretty cool I
got to fight on the carnival ground
which was a neat location oh this is a
good one whenever the player eats food
they gain twice the usual healing I
don't get the token for that it's fine
let's find if you get your ass kicked
lock the field of Honor oh yeah or at
least the closest approximation whoo
here we go the crucible I think I like
this one
oh wait I could attempt to say I've
never attempted to swim the river before
and there's a tow why would you think oh
no you can they don't get the token for
swelling the river but I've entered the
crucible before and beat it and I didn't
get the token did you you know all I can
tell you I can only tell you what I did
and I got the toe I get to token every
time okay I say every time you get yes I
have restarted the game to start from
scratch uh pick the hardest possible
enemy you can every time that's what i
did and i got the token I've never not
gotten the toga when i restarted from
scratch which i'm insane and I've done
that okay hardest enemy every time
because I've tried to know death around
this game oh really now all the way
through story motor yeah it's just the
story about from scratch that's tough
okay for of dust I can do for best this
is nothing i get a little little more
than halfway through yeah yeah
I lizard 64 you say the game looks fun
but this card bullshit is dumb ah it's
different when you're playing the game
yes unless you just hate card games in
general maybe I don't know but it's
actually strangely interesting it it
makes what is so much sense when you're
playing like you know the cards are just
there to set up what happens it's it's
so this game is one of the hardest to
explain I saw I saw a video on it jerma
985 did a video on this game and that's
how I found out about it and he couldn't
explain it I can't explain it it's great
though it's very satisfying the cards
are it's it's a little FTL a little
Isaac a little a little Batman it's
great I don't know about I don't know
about Isaac or FTL I don't know about
that I think that's I think that's going
a little bit crazy the FTL is like the
cuz the cards are almost like the text
reads segments of FTL where ya all right
no I I think it's a little left to you
can you explain the Batman combat sure
so in batman arkham asylum the fuck
which is the batman game I that I played
you have most subjects what nuttin the
flip Oh Bruno thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it and Christ crow
crow yes whatever the fuck your name is
thank you for subscribing for six months
in a row we really appreciate it it's
true we do really appreciate it so so
you have what your sincerity was amazing
I remember I was I'm I was that you
caught me mid mid thought explaining who
do you know I did but I didn't want to
scroll up and not be able to find him
later you're right of course I'm being
sincere but in any case so the the
Batman come
goes like this one button is your basic
attack button one button is your knock
back button and then you have rollaway
attack and counter so knock back attack
counter roll and so whenever you see the
green spider-sense above an enemy you
hit the counter button and then you get
to dodge an attack and counter-attack
and in between that you have to slash at
enemies and roll away whenever there's
like a red spider sense or when you
think you're just going to get your ass
handed to you and then there are certain
enemies that have shields so you have to
bash into them with the bash button and
attack attack it's all and it's all like
a little slower than you think it would
be and so it has this very like
deliberate pace to it that makes it feel
very heavy and real it's very nice oh
wait wait did you say it's would you say
it's as good as the Arkham combat I
don't know if I'd go that far I mean I
look like a lot bar I know you wouldn't
go that far I would because you get an
axe and the equipment collecting makes
it interesting yes the growth factor
finding you know finding the good arm
we're finding a good sword finding a
good magic power and that that adds a
dimension to this card game thing that
goes on you know
see ya and like you see here like he has
read spidey sense which means that I
can't counter that so identified role
just like red spidey sense in the Arkham
games yes maiming basically it's exactly
the same yes so the countering is less
effective if there's any enemy that has
a shield may as well not bother you
don't already have to shoot they're just
gonna put lock yeah you have you can't
you could technically counter their
attack but your swords just gonna bonk
off their shield that it's a waste yes
dodgin I think I think it's kind of
machines run into a lot of shield on
facebook now yeah the combat in this
game is a little more brutal which is
why I say I'm like it wrong I think
that's fair yeah it's a lot easier to
clean house in the other games yeah yeah
and this this the combat feels so
intense in the Arkham games I feel bad
when I get hit oh damn ad hahaha you can
hit a lot more of this I like that don't
let me down lucky with made it what they
projectile attacks yeah the enemies this
have no qualms like throw them to things
that you have once like you'd somebody
will be chopping a sword while
somebody's throwing so that you know oh
if you count a one you're still getting
a hit absolutely yeah this is enterica
it's Arkham games they're all very happy
to like attack you one at a time the
most Yaquis so in this game like it's
really important to get up in people's
faces and and keep them from I could
have countered
this game I i play with a controller i I
don't I don't hate controllers on
principle some types of games they work
very well if you like this I play play
the Arkham games the controller play
crypt of the necrodancer with the
controller though typically if amy is
involved mouse keyboard forever scratch
Mouse important forever yeah like I
would never play XCOM with a controller
I've never play Master of Orion with a
controller I don't think you can put
master ha ha ha you could with you could
I guess with joy to key or some kind of
program but it would be after it would
just be awful oh man this this blessing
that I have this run this game 3 health
with every axe kill it is is the most
overpowered thing in the world is great
gain three health with every X kill oh
is that one of the blessings it's one of
the blessings and I have the axe
equipped so it's just like even if I get
hit a couple times I can gain it back 01
the one downside is I don't least I
haven't encountered one yet I don't
think this is really powerful acts a lot
of mesas yeah a lot of swords here I
haven't seen a super-powerful axe yet so
maybe that's the trade-off it is now I
have a more powerful mace right now but
I have not I don't have it equipped
because I can I can gain health back ok
oh I did it rich you were right i got
the I got the token for beating all the
dudes no you picked the hardest ones
every time yep ok now barely I wasn't
doing that maybe maybe it doesn't give
them a I've never picked the week or
enemies cuz i was i was thinking maybe
maybe you should pick the tougher one
something let's find a game system a bit
so i always pick the tougher enemies and
i've always got the token ok so Nico
Cola I am having a snack tonight I'm
having heart healthy red wine
so not a fun to win I through the woods
and see what lies beyond but I enjoy it
yes I I've played this game a lot since
last week I bought it that night yeah
the one you you know what put me over
the edge too when buying it the fact
that they had it on GOG before that the
steam version but yeah I don't know
maybe it'll be me that my sauce on geo
geo i'll pick that up yeah oh no did we
demo weasel apparently we missed demo
weasels what the fuck we're so sorry but
thank you for subscribing demo weasel we
we very much appreciate it though you
know I gotta say you should really
sticking in in there and be demon weasel
demon reason be a cool name when that
demon weasel my own language I think
that would take away some of the cool
the localism so it gave out here no I
cuz then you're like I'm a demon I'm a
dark demon but I'm also a weasel you go
I'm gonna get you that's that's comedy
that's comedy what the fuck's our demo
weasel what the fuck is that Oh a weasel
with with a bomb strapped to it and I
don't weasel you gets just try and
discard maybe three go that's fine what
brings you to please wouldn't want to be
the demo prostituta rich have you played
any rogue legacy Michael the rest a
little bit lost silent yeah i also i
also feel about it didn't hate it I
didn't hate it yeah no it's fine it it
seemed um it seemed like for a roguelike
game it seemed like it was doing its
hardest to remove all of the roguelike
elements which was my real problem with
us
you take a power up since you go that
kind of thing right on you can build how
we're not after you die yeah you can
build your own castle and so you could
grind to level up you in order to reach
certain enemies you'd have to lock down
the castle just to make sure that you
can get to that enemy quicker and I knew
like locking down the castle just makes
the randomization moot and okay no so
there there's like it fun combat and and
fun moving but I you know just wasn't my
thing long ago we've the Brotherhood
Forge holy weapons oh I think this is it
this is I I picked up that or oh good
and I think this is the Holy Forge they
I don't I don't have that one a lot
they've a stowed upon us one of the most
powerful tools and but took our supplies
including all the rare metal or that we
used to craft our weapons the king's
army never returned after that day I
know not what became of them in the
years that followed I have stayed here
all these years but only the ghosts
remain to keep me company give the monk
your sample or yep the monks eyes
widened in surprise and he exclaims by
the old gods where did you find that he
looks the metal or over carefully if
you're willing to put in the hard work
stranger together we could fire up the
old forge one last time you spend
several days with the old monk by day
you toil together at the forge and by
night you swap tales of your adventures
for a share of his month eventually you
hold the completed weapon in your hands
pearl monk thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it fractal record
is basically asking me if I'm sick of
hot dogs from Space Camp and you know
it's it's not like space cop is eating a
hot dog in every single shot he's in
splendor zone tree like I think it was
only like one day where I had to eat
like a lot of hot dogs for whatever shot
it was okay I'm so not ma'am I never eat
I'd never ate hot dogs
often to begin with and I'll probably
eat them exactly as often as I did
before holy shit is hot I haven't eaten
hot dogs as much since I came up here
because i can't find vienna beef hot
dogs have here have you think the soap
his children why right around the corner
from the studio what what place is us
where they all that that one we went to
the other day that grocery store that no
no there is a hot dog place right they
sell prepackaged hot dogs oh no they
sell hot dogs is a great day they make
hot dogs a really god i'm looking for
something buy at a store oh yeah drunk
ivy a hot dogs in a grocery store or
else that grocery store we went to
Azamat solutely so rich this weapon is
the battle hammer right now my axe does
25 damage the battle hammer does 40 yep
and you can string together consecutive
combos in the buyer combo the bed the
better the damage and left bumper to
unleash a powerful explosion that is a
mighty weapon but now I no longer he'll
with that woman's what's your well
here's the thing really use your line
brain lion brand jack probably a full
help I'm careful he'll he'll right
absolutely use the battle hammer if you
get to a point where your blow on health
then switch to the arcs oh absolutely so
careless with you whose logic I've
already done oh I just wanted to this is
what you get for not being a fan of
Leonard Nimoy I am a fan of Leonard me
right away what is what is the logical
thing to do in the search is well I will
use the hammer until I need to help that
i will switch to the X
