Episode 218
Back Problems of Fate (Part 2)
March 17, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gxsWQOlw-8
___________________________________________

line I'll grab the pickle onion listen
Oh be careful with Lionel y know what
I've noticed ah early on uh he always
gives you the shield I've had times for
he's giving me something while also
taking away yes my items yes I just
double checked he doesn't he hasn't
taken away anything I but I ignored him
this time because I didn't want to deal
with his bullshit ok and listen don't
make it sound like I'm not a fan of
Leonard Nimoy he's just had nose severe
impact on my life i'm not i'm not
happened I'm not Hatton unli Leonard
Nimoy okay here it is our first monster
fight with the hammer let's go
let's go here we go so excited to hit
people with my hammer
Nimoy directed three men and a baby is
that true then I loved him more because
I've seen three men and a baby very
disagreeable check you and I very
different people yes that's really true
we are very different people and you you
can't get out of here you haven't seen
three men and a baby a bunch of times I
know that shocking considering its a
Steve Guttenberg film yeah but I have
not Ted Danson heads answer Steve
Guttenberg but some other goldstein I'm
silicon leaving some other guy I love
doing that was joke joke what and never
mind yes everyone knows who Tom Selleck
is so okay it's boss oh sorry sorry then
that wasn't a very clear joke because i
do not know a lot of things so
back Leonard Leonard Nimoy directed Star
Trek for yes William shit William
Shatner directed Star Trek 50 that
doesn't that say everything you need to
know about the two men yep sure does
that anymore God's direct well I want to
direct to as pleases you well I want to
direct the next movie look if Nimoy gets
shot of chair both ways then I need to
do it'll be even better all right I'm
gonna try this and we fire that Devil's
Carnival we're gonna see if I can we're
gonna see if I can make it through that
was the first thing I've ever said in
chat that Jack read and you listen
there's number two it happens sometimes
this is here I like playing games like
this because like it's not constant
action I can look over and read the chat
every once in a while yeah on their
foolishness okay the token is at stake
here rich for the devil's carnival
ok where is a huge success keep my own
huge success I think it's this one Oh
failure damn it ok let's try a huge
success again huge success drew from the
exemptions huge success so I'm just
saying Shatner will not be at the
funeral that's what that that's what the
rumor on the high Jays manhole that's
what the rumor on the Internet is is
Shatner's out is out of country or out
of state filming somewhere and and Kate
won't be able to make it back for the
funeral I can't imagine I can't imagine
wow that there is nothing more important
than that but you know maybe maybe he
wasn't close with the Nimoy family you
know actually I've heard they were close
I think my answer maybe he was close
with him but maybe he wasn't close to
the family and so you know now that he's
gone but yeah yeah you know I don't know
well that's what I'm saying whoo Kate
like someone says he's dead who cares if
he can't look at the damn corpse but
like yeah he was here his family you
would want to go there and you know
comfort them the funeral is about
comforting the people that are still
living not just looking at a dead corpse
but um yeah maybe just wasn't close with
them
okay I can see the point you know that
it is just a corpse at that point yes
yes but it's the old Devils Devils
carnival ouch oh yeah but you know what
I just somebody didn't get the first
time around the first one I got one
failure and one huge success so closer
do I want to risk climbing down to
retrieve the weapon I already have a
great weapon but if I get another weapon
I could sell it now I have enough money
I'm just gonna leave it I oh crap I
don't have any food crap i need the axe
i need to equip the axe for some health
there we go bandits attack oh the
greater the risk of starvation shatner
is committed to a charity event is what
to jettison all right Tiberius Kirk is
saying something about the the motion
picture says the motion pictures have
much of a cast dynamic for much of the
film partly because Decker is a new
element in the story I have my own
theory about what's going on in Star
Trek the motion picture okay uh I think
everybody knows that Vietor is basically
ate a giant space vagina right now in
red right huh I think it's morfa I think
it's more of a space uterus maybe the
theme of of the motion picture is
rebirth sure all right well here hear me
up I'm hearing it when when when the
motion picture starts everything is
wrong right everything is just wrong
look at the enterprise it doesn't work
way they try to beam somebody up and a
beam up all fucked up and it's they're
not done making it yet the enterprise no
longer works it's not the same Kirk he's
he's moved on he's not supposed to be on
the enterprise anymore he's an old man
that's trying to relive his glory days
Decker by all rights should be in charge
and in fact when they have that problem
with the wormhole deckers the one who
solves the problem Kirk all those gets
everybody killed her Kirk does not
belong on the enterprise McCoy does not
even want to be there right Spock a
shadow of his former self he's he's lost
what made him
akis he's completely dedicated himself
to logic he's kind of a hollow shell of
a person sure and none of these elements
work together anymore Star Trek is
effectively dead okay right then they
fly into the magic Viger space uterus
and it's like a rebirth they leisure
explodes the enterprise flies out at the
end of the movie and they're they're
joking around like all times you know
after they get into V jerk Kirk starts
to get his mojo back he starts doing
clever things Spock realizes that his
humanity is what would make him great
would but it was beneficial to them
every once once they get into the magics
need your uterus everything is
revitalized so I think they are very
deliberately off-key in the first part
of that movie mmm I kinda like that
fairy I think that that's you know what
that is that's some arty farty bullshit
that I can get it that's great is that's
how I interpret that movie i bought i
buy what you're selling I'm you I'm
picking up with you're throwing down
rich I need this food I think that's
great that's really great that's nice
too hags rapsi string confess all of
your clothes will take those curses to
the grave and beyond you treat powerful
artifacts as though they were toys what
um arty-farty bullshit is that it is the
best but you know what like that's what
makes a film like that transcend you
know it has you all talking about it now
why do you want the plunderers cab I
like it of a prophet my terms are green
thank you for subscribing we well we
really appreciate its true I also what
we do and Jack does yeah I know I missed
a couple when I was on my Star Trek rant
but I wasn't gonna stop my Star Trek
rant
I'm soccer stars are telex in the eye
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I'm sure I'm this work to
others some for the long rant and
they're gone no however they were those
other two or three people who subscribed
and I was in the middle of red thank you
for subscribing haha we really
appreciate it it's true it's true we do
I it's more fluid alright great riches
rants are so excellent I agree I like it
and you know what it's not often that
rich gets arty-farty with us so I
appreciate that anymore head down woods
only about Star Trek the motion picture
nothing else Oh God you know I've
watched that once I haven't seen it
since oh oh no Star Trek the motion
picture is what I said rich Oh what
about it I said it you only get arty
farty when talking about Star Trek the
motion picture oh yeah yeah that was
done yeah and then you said you only
want you at once I was worried I was in
the middle of reading a comment no my
brain was like you were talking my brain
was like weird my brain was rehearing
the comment i was reading about what I
had to say about Star Trek five mm-hmm
I've seen that once had not seen him
since Oh God sure
sure sure I think I've talked about this
my feelings on Star Trek the motion
picture is I feel like it needs a
massive reddit is it really just take
out the entire look how great the
enterprise looks on the big screen Monta
you can you can say that but oh man does
that Enterprise Lecrae that Enterprise
really looks great you sure sure does we
don't we don't need to see it that much
we we can you can cut you can cut out a
good 25 minutes of that of that d of the
entirety of time it takes Shatner to get
to the enterprise the 45 minute montage
uncurse my moves when he pleases me more
than watching your attempt to wriggle
away from bad what that's a horrible
curse what what did you get Kirsten
enemies move faster and take fifty
percent less than and chela is that when
they begin I like I've got how'd you get
rehearse yeah when you play endless mode
you get a curse after every level my ok
I'll genuine well you can find a shop to
D curse yourself save up money yeah oh
yeah no and like so far like I've gotten
three tokens this run I've been feeling
pretty good about this room so yeah John
kilowatt you are right about the ugly
uniforms on the motion picture but at
the same time they're kind of
fascinating because they've only warned
those uniforms once so makes you makes
you wonder what was going on at
Starfleet having tried these new you God
no way man you know it happens every
once in a while the military goes
through new uniforms but with it hey you
know for a second it seemed like you
just wear whatever the fuck you want
sometimes sometimes it's a
is that a recent thing the they've
recently discovered you know there was
that big American military uniform
debacle where they they reach out fit of
the entire US army and that like
pixelated looking camo uniform only to
discover that it's actually oh yeah
significantly more visible well like it
oh my god it does not work in a very
real way why would they do that the
first place that because they'd test
these things out they did and they
thought it they thought it worked better
but then after we bought it they did
more testing I'm gonna attempt to take
him by surprise okay think it's this one
Oh failure
that digital camo shit is awful and
apparently it it actual like not only
does it look awful it does it is
ineffective
okay here we go I have my axe I'm going
to try to get some of my health back it
sucks like I have this wonderful hammer
this wonderful kill everybody hammer but
I gotta get my pentax you can do it jack
you can do it you need you need to
decrease yourself you had a shop and
money save up money also there are tiny
rats here I've never caught tiny way
what I've never fuzzy you've never
fought the Ratman no no they're tiny
rats they're like dogs they're like dogs
that size what they're always that size
no no there's wrap my birth how far have
you gotten in story mode halfway through
the rats are that size no no there are
at men which are like the size of me but
I'm the one I know I'm probably 12
seconds behind but the people you're
fighting right now are the rat men
that's not big there I wonder if it was
just a weird perspective thing did you
are you sit looking at them right now
yeah not the guys who are shooting stuff
at me the little guys they're like dogs
they're like dog sighs nice we're
shooting arrows at you know the other
guys i didn't see anything that looked
like a tiny red man they all look like
the rat madness the one big one just
like the boss the jack of rats yeah
we're not fighting yep that's that's one
special rat no no I've fought two things
right here nice oh this helmet is the
greatest helmet Commission says on the
farm they were much bigger they were
much bigger on the farm dog rats I made
the greatest choice ever tho i have the
the plunderers helmet which means any
time I get a game card the dealer draws
too and I get to pick one that's the
greatest car because I get all of it
hello Elvis delvis I was Ella's check
he's checking in from the hospital oh
yeah you don't okay what's wrong are you
are you okay I just fought a dog rat if
Laura he fought a regular the rat was
there was a dog ran Elvis it was a
regular rad man that was the exact same
size all the other regular records look
like a dog rat Alvis and and and you
missed my my Star Trek the motion
picture rebirth theory which I just
explained it can't explain it again
hopefully hopefully you came hopefully
same for that hopefully you were
listening and just decided to type in
after that that's pretty mean oh you're
in the you're in you're not and not
you're in the hospital but you're not
needed in that you know you're not ah
the hospital for someone else oh well
good for you being there hopefully
she'll be fine yes I sounded insincere I
wasn't meaning to sound insincere I oh I
hope she's fine kind of armor do I have
right now jenkin rich what are your
favorite soundtracks for sci-fi boys I
had my brain cannot process every
science fiction movie I've ever seen it
once um have you heard the soundtrack is
out there for the original solaris movie
not the not the remake not the pet the
George Clooney remake or who remade
Solaris I don't know who made it I know
George Clooney was in it he was in the
remake okay the soundtrack is out there
for the original solaris and if you're
into kind of minimalistic atmospheric
creepy stuff it's really cool
sci-fi soundtracks you know Tron we've
talked about tron legacy soundtrack yes
from yeah tron legacy is grateful tron
legacy soundtrack it's looking good
their problems really like classic
fucking sci-fi movies and Adam rates on
track i'm not thinking of them right now
and i feel bad about it you know Oh II
actually what it's by turki Tarkovsky's
solaris baller is fuckas my rich are you
okay yeah i actually just walked over to
my DVD little rack her I'm looking my
science fiction movies trying to think
about it okay well there you go well
yeah I guess back back to the future as
a fine some of that on its own yeah
Terminator has an effective soundtrack
an effective soundtrack yes cheap and
effective all right i'll take that I
have enough health now where I'm gonna
switch to move back to my hammer I think
ooh a new car the Royal treasure eyes
glinting from here mm-hmm what's what's
in the rails Treasury I don't know gold
weapons I've never got the royal
treasury I don't think oh but you get
that one for there's a token at stake I
don't know where I got the rise I'm not
that you just ran across it I see I said
the new card in the depths those are in
the depths of the deepest cave in the
remote wilderness you stumble upon the
Old Kings fabled treasure chamber legend
claims that it is filled with treasure
collected over 100 years but guarded by
a plethora of lethal spells and traps
only the bravest or most foolish would
enter hahahahahaha Jack yeah you need to
you need to clear your throat out yo son
you sound really horse yeah just some
water oh I'm really sorry about that
oh ok oh yeah you know what it happens
sometimes I mean obviously I'm gonna
attempt to reach your treasure but first
I'm going to refill my glass I'll be
right back in two seconds okay two
seconds Phil Phil fibers I'm going time
I just sent over a link you can click on
that if you want it's related to what
we've been talking about when
soundtracks whatnot I'm just go I'm just
gonna let this be dead air here we go
deader starting now did you do it did
you feel time no I just I just light
blue wind into the microphone okay oh
fun fun UV says red letter rich yeah
please tell Jack to turn away or his run
will be over ooh but I know when Jack
terms means let's do it well I mean I
this is the first time getting this card
I already have a good number of tokens
so already the run has been a success so
we're gonna we're gonna give a try I
have the hammer equipped I was gonna
give it a try no matter what oh my god
oh my god what happens huge failure okay
damn it blades from all directions cut
you to ribbons you managed to drag your
broken body back to the entrance where
you rest for several days trying to heal
you I now have a max of 35 health
that's terrible no I i hit the one
warning signs yeah falling one no I came
out of that event with literally one of
one health my axles was one and the
funny thing is I almost got out of that
alive I almost be the queen of skulls
almost like I it was like one person
left it like hit a spike oh no I almost
pulled it off one of one health I owe a
pre-shot I might be able to remove a
curse I only have 60 coin though I only
have 60 coin I should have hunkered down
you're right Elvis I'm so sorry I did
that I didn't know what to expect I I
mean can I remove my curse oh I can
remove the deeper you go the harder
things become god damn it I can't afford
any of these blessings I have food let's
get out of here all right hey dick dick
news we'll just posted a link to on
YouTube to the prices right failure tuba
do my proper bra
that happens sometimes I'm going to see
what it contains I'm treasure chest
failure god damn it I can't keep track
of these damn cards uh cge 1138 says
jack does it feel like the games too
easy but they increase the difficulty
artificially with random events um
random events are part of the game but I
don't think so i've had some of the
coming depends on who you're what you're
encountering uh like like the Rat Man
because their corpses turned poisonous
like a large group of rat men will fuck
my day this that I've done I fed counter
at combat encounters over pretty hard
you know it was it's it's one of those
things where that this is something we
were talking about when we were talking
with Tom about like the difference
between like a binding of isaac run and
a spelunky run mhm when you have
randomly generated items and rooms and
enemies there are some games like an
Isaac or like an FTL or like hand of
fate where you're gonna have a shit run
you know okay and I think there is a big
lock element to this game whereas in
spelunky you can get through any
scenario in spelunky like you will never
have that shit run only your shit
reflexes and I'm okay with just having a
bad string of luck I guess see I don't I
don't look at the cards as being
artificial difficulty for the combat I
look at the cards as a way to make what
was essentially just the Arkham Asylum
combat challenges it's a way to make
that or interesting yeah yeah if this
were just the combat in colors I think
this is a really dull yes agreed agreed
the cards do give you something
interesting to to hang on nice
I want equipment
rich tales from the darkside or monsters
well well monsters was the cheap version
of tales from the darkside but tales
from the darkside was the cheap version
of The Twilight Zone so between the 2
i'm gonna have to go at the dark side
because monsters is like EE cheap Wow
but twilight zone above all all twilight
zone above all you go Rod Serling you go
yes stranger in the shadows oh no I will
not let you have my blood for money sir
vampire do you have that a library game
yeah include an element you do have it
unlocked yeah and definitely don't some
oh no I only have 35 pounds i want to
say he take well 40 you know each 10 at
a time by bright eyes no but sometimes
he'll take more you know like sometimes
you like the look random card damn do
you like video game lore depends upon
what game you're talking about FIFA's
great for defense and great Laura the
order 18-6 286 not not so much no you
know what not so much I think you know
I'll take that back order 1886 does have
some half-decent lure they just didn't
know anything with it yeah yeah the
order 1886 had some really interesting
ideas and premises that had never ever
delivered up this is a serious business
the Dracula is using the werewolves so
he can be Jack the Ripper this is
serious business very well discussion
about it open that door by hitting x
hahaha yeah here's skellington looked
into the lure of dishonor I decided as a
game I need to fully get into it like I
said I i like my sauce so far it but i
like it mostly because it just reminds
me of thief so much it it does thief
better than the thief reboot did so i
want to get dishonored now that i have a
computer that can run it right it's one
of those things I'm going to get around
to eventually sure but from what I
played I did like the the dishonored
lore hmm great same play very much
though someone has a very important
question wrench which was worse the
order 1886 or the underworld film series
and the answer is the order 1886 is far
worse than the underworld film series
because in the underworld film series we
get to see Kate Beckinsale in a skin
tight outfit I'm not very familiar with
the underworld series I never bother to
watch the Maurice that look kind of
stupid yeah but it looks like they at
least have more fun with the concept of
vampires and where you get to see
vampires and werewolves fight and the
werewolf hunter fight both the vampires
in the world well it's fun no it's very
fun it's a no it's not they're not good
movies but but you know that's what you
get sometimes ok Katie K JTB ate his
wrench the guys who made thief 1 and 2
are kick starting a new game and it's
reached its target and has a few days
left underworld ascendant I gonna have
to check that out it's gonna what favor
underworld I mean scrolled up underworld
ascendance
I'm gonna have to check that out I I
literally his first time I've ever heard
of this I know nothing about it know
what I mean I thank you mind thank you
for bringing this thing to my attention
yeah that's my stuff looked into all not
for a second underworld descendants it
might be like lightning in a bottle
though I don't know that deep world is
just so perfect to be the floor is great
yeah yeah yeah they have a fucking order
of religious guys with with hammers the
sledgehammers they use sledgehammers as
a weapon not not swords or shields they
just swing a giant fucking sledgehammer
at you say they're like they're like a
masonry themed religion I would be part
of I would be part of that order I
worked the owners on games I'll i fuckin
love with the hammers the heretical
underworld ascendant underworld
ascendant not d sentence
underworld ascendant is the name of it
was the world underworld ascendant which
is by the creators of Ultima Underworld
I think yeah hey i thought what was that
an early looking class might have been
yeah yeah yeahs way so is that the thief
things is that the one I think that is
yeah I forgot I forgot they did Ultima
Underworld yeah wow I made a lot of
money oh it's an RPG series rich mmm
hold you later I'll read that and see
what it's all about sure so okay I have
some gold now is there a way you can
look at the deck there's not
which one of the I think this was the
priests yes call for the priest okay
here we go I've never backed a
Kickstarter I'm scared that's okay then
two then just don't then just they do it
they made their goal so wait for the
game to come out and then you can just
buy the game I I would understand that I
think I i personally have backed
Kickstarter's that have never come to
full fruition or you know that have been
successful but i didn't receive yeah
then he didn't see the end result I
didn't see the end result and and it
hurts uh it's a kick in the balls but
you know that's what happens sometimes
when's the next best of the worst I
don't know what kind of shape it's in
right now I assume I assume it's
currently being edited yes I also assume
that I could not give you an ETA I don't
know where I don't know where that is
rich auto man or minimal totally auto
man i'm not going to tell you look it up
all right many of these blessings are
too good for the likes of you
food great we are doing great rich can I
name can you name off some Kickstarter's
that you've regret back and there was a
Kickstarter that I backed a while ago it
was it was probably the first
Kickstarter I backed and it was for some
band was doing an album or something I
forget it was like a little band that I
enjoyed and they were doing an album and
one of the tears was that you would get
a vinyl copy of the album with signature
and it was accomplished they were
putting together compilation album and
then and the tier I back then I promised
that I would get a signature from all of
the bands on a copy of the vinyl record
and I was like oh that seems really
needed some of the bands i really
enjoyed and so I was like oh I want this
I want this tchotchke you know like this
physical item I don't even have a record
player but I wanted the physical
tchotchke with all the the the signed
things yeah and the guy who's running
the Kickstarter got ahold of me
eventually and it was just like I
couldn't I couldn't get the signatures
really oh and it's like didn't you
record all of these bands like also
wasn't your band one of them that were
recording are you telling me you
couldn't get your own band to sign the
album is is this how little effort
you've put into this um and the guy just
straight up was like so like do you want
your money back or what I was like
absolutely give me my money I you
dickhead
it was just like of course majors have
their own room it was it was it was like
the simplest thing whereas like pass
along the album to the people you know
but that was the biggest example I also
backed not like I regret it because
they're still working on it I backed
this piece of software that can take
vocal recordings and transfer them to
MIDI instrument tuning so you could hum
a song and have it play on a piano on
your computer and its really neat in
like the bait is that they've been
putting out have been really cool and
working really well but they're working
on it very slowly so I don't regret it
but it's just coming along a lot slower
than i would have liked yeah yeah
but soon what what I don't know you know
what I don't know and you know like I
did back the Double Fine adventure
Kickstarter but I did might actually
come out so part one came out and parts
too they are working on but you should i
submit to you that being able to watch
all of the making of videos that
two-player productions have been
producing has been worth for the whole
kickstarter watching watching them
watching the creative process of them
make the game has been amazing i would
have paid just to watch but because
you've seen the behind-the-scenes stuff
with that yeah what happened what's the
story right originally the kickstarter
was for like 14,000 or something right i
mean is pretty low yeah and they got
like millions yeah so what was the
problem why is the why are they barely
able to make make this game well part of
the problem is you know most of the
money went to physical rewards you know
so like for example you know so many
like half of that million dollars just
went to the money it would take to print
t-shirts and print posters and make the
billy d's you know like yeah absolutely
because it costs money to you know make
dvds and print posters oh sure sure and
so it's like so then you have to like
you know cut the amount of money in half
right because that all just goes to
physical rewards then you add to that
the them wanting to get the game on as
many platforms as promised as possible
which takes a little more time means you
need a bigger team then you have on top
of that the real key to all this is tim
schafer's incredible ability to
mismanage money yeah so that's nothing
new right that's
no that's nothing new but that was the
problem with brutal legend yeah that was
in development for a comically long time
if I remember and so imagine them like
not having anyone with the checkbook
telling him no and and that that was the
real problem actually I think they
brought that up a little bit in one of
the videos where like their producer was
like I'm now taking a bigger role as
because you need to you need to get
better hmm which he should've been doing
from the third part in the first place
what do you think the future holds for
double fine after this that's a good
question I think I think once the
kickstarter is done and they can start
working on games again i don't know i
don't know but the kickstarter was to
work on games right I heard they just
laid a ton of people good day yeah i
mean that's quite possible i don't know
i've also heard like really bad things
about their adventure game the broken
age broken a gym hmm the whole the whole
reason like that they made this was to
harken back to the good old days of
point-and-click adventure games yeah and
people are calling it like the worst
aspects of modern day ipad adventure
games like wow far too easy under you
know like just being tuned not much of
anything you know so
well I know what's what's gonna happen
is there they're gonna run out of money
and Tim Schafer is gonna slap together a
psychonaut sequel that everyone is going
to buy again even though it's going to
be terrible I couldn't tell you what
it's called ah but I heard that the
people who did maniac mansion knocked
tim schafer for the first one the first
original maniac mansion they just had a
Kickstarter to do a game of that in that
style didn't didn't didn't double find
help him make the cave what's his name
oh god I don't know him nuts him Dave
for I don't know doesn't matter let's
see here at the start of each combat a
random opponent is highlighted if that
creature is the first to die then it
pops out five gold which the player may
collect right
no one bought psychonauts in the first
place exactly so now it's one of those
like psychonauts is one of those like
one is one of those like quote unquote
hidden gems now which I don't agree with
I don't much give a sec announced but
people recognize the name so it'll have
it'll make money with sure that's what's
gonna happen Ronnie over thank you Ron
Gilbert the guy who / spun says Double
Fine cancelled an undisclosed game and
laid off 12 people wow yeah wow they
might be on the way how it oh yeah yeah
because they put their creative in
charge of their finances yeah yeah I'm
gonna feel bad I like I do i still like
tim schafer hmm i do but yeah well and
you know what he has there you're
supposed to work together the the the
creative and the suit are supposed to
work together the creative says I want
to do everything and bounce on the moon
with a pogo stick made of cheese and
there's just the CIA's settle down what
he's gonna finish it on I was going I
was gonna go on a comic kind of ran but
finisher I'm done I'm done you know
you're not yet I can't I can't no I feel
too bad I ruined your comic rent some a
jerk he was bouncing soon you can shave
her you're just waiting for me to talk
that's fine I deserve it I actually
deserve it uh no Tim Schafer I mean he's
creative but was it ever really you know
his gameplay design that was fun about
him where was it his writing you know I
mean he could write interesting
characters yeah I think that was it it
was just his writing but was he ever ya
ain't really one totally in charge of
gameplay itself I I don't know no but
he's like he's like the lead creative
and so like he comes up with like the
overarching idea other people worry
about gameplay
mechanics other people worry about
actually coding the game all he usually
figures out is the story but they put
they still put him in charge of the
entire company you know oh yeah yeah
right well they didn't put him he put in
when he he started the company sure
psychonauts is so fucking overrated I
really did not enjoy psychonauts it's
it's a it's a it had really fun
characters but every level was a
tutorial level and you never got to use
then you never got to use the things you
learn to new levels because you are
learning a new way to deal with the next
level I did not care for me but I know
many people did and I and hopefully that
doesn't take away from your enjoyment of
it get out of here
ratman my room I reasoning for bringing
up the fact that Tim Schafer's writer
first actual game play designer second
it's more to do with the fact that some
of the games that double fine has made
have made I've been a little bit lacking
in the game department yeah i mean i
like i like for alleged more than most
people do a lot of people think in a bad
game good writing that's a great again
now people are apparently complaining
about the game design of broken age
which i haven't touched it i'm waiting
for the second part core even touch it
so you know i mean yeah ya know and I I
agree with that by the way it's hard to
be shocked about those things that's
like that's my only real point yeah i
still love those characters he made you
know i mean that's i'm not i'm not
taking away from that aspect of things
we just can't be shocked when the games
you made all him are lacking you know
Tiberius Kirk brings up a really good
comparison which is George Lucas yes
whereas in a writer in a as a person who
just has an idea he's great like he
comes up with an idea and if you put
other people at the helm of the actual
production of the movies that he has the
genesis of they turn out fantastic but
if he's 100-percent in charge of them
abysmal squid a brutal legend is the
shit and anyone who thinks otherwise is
a poser now i really like real legend
whoa but the game feels unfinished it
feels like there's a missing third act
and he worked on that goddamn game for
years like I remember reading about that
game like five years before I came out
or something something ridiculous
so he's not good he's Tim Schafer is not
good at getting shit done and you know I
think like having seen the
behind-the-scenes stuff I think the one
person who would agree with me on this
is tim schafer but I think he's very
aware of his shortcomings I should not
have gone no you should not that's razor
rich I hate the blue beside the video
treasure cave thing that you're doing
nowadays with traps the maze of traps I
always lose more hell that is less than
it's worth it yes cuz it's like minus 10
for every hit you take is it yeah yeah
Josh I'm down but really I only have 35
max help at this point so it's like I'm
dead I'm dead at any point event you've
had 35 max health for a while you cut
that out come on time heal what does
this do during con Richard Howell Wright
in forward to twist in the right hands
rich what game do you like that everyone
hates I don't know if they hate it but
it didn't get very much attention at all
vanquish I fucking love Aegwynn came out
nobody talked about it people complained
about the story and the best the best
action yet one of the best action games
ever made people complain that the story
wasn't convoluted enough
I already have a ring you find space
freshens that's so cheesy it's supposed
to be cheesy it's an excuse to have a
very fun action game there is no
medicine stronger than time rich why
don't you like kotor I just don't care
about kotor because i don't care about
the star wars universe Star Wars is a
great movie so is the Empire Strikes
Back the star wars universe kind of a
shitty thing
the plunderers right yes I agree you
agree with you
what what you're right dick neutral I
would I would love some aspirin right
now but I'm already back at full 35
health so I need I need to raise my max
health it this is a little little crazy
cusp casper says people complain about
the story but then praise games like the
order the this story in the order is
just such okay we got a whole we got a
whole big video coming out about that
rich isn't i know i know the video is
coming out but i'm just gonna say you
know yeah that story yeah if it were a
fun action game it'd be fine mm-hmm but
it's not a fun action game and they
treated so so seriously ah Jesus Christ
mm-hmm that's really true rich they they
treat that story incredibly seriously if
you want to judge the order 1886 bites
story go ahead you tell me how good that
story it's they did know there is
praised out there for the order rich and
I had looked up the reviews after we got
done with our discussion because we
don't like looking at that stuff
beforehand you know we don't want anyone
elses opinions to taint hours Metacritic
gives it a 6.5 which you know like
that's not great but there are some
people who are giving this game an eight
or a nine yeah then yes shocking
shocking yeah and I don't care that like
six is bad for IGN six is still will c
plus the only person make it good oh I
was just gonna say horse neigh keep
going all I really the worst I saw was
from electronic gaming monthly which I
didn't even know was still a thing
because they canceled their physical
magazine but electronic gaming monthly
give you something like a
two out of ten it's like yes that's
exactly what it was worth sorry you go
ahead now that's fine that's fine you
make a game that's you know experienced
before gameplay yeah and I'm sure you
agree and the experience is terrible
yeah that's that's unforgivable yeah
fuck yeah it's a mood setting game Elvis
we're gonna have words more notice
boring the move the mood is
disappointment this is something I don't
think we've remembered to say during the
review but I mean if the order were a
movie if you judge it like a movie the
pacing is terrible haha it's so slow
it's really true a six-point a 6 out of
10 is a D on a high school grading scale
a 65 is an F yeah but that's not like a
6 out of 10 is better than half like I
guess I don't know how their scales work
scales are dumb I hate number I hate
number rankings because they get into
confusing stuff like this
hey rich it's like a vanquish richest
wait wait there's an important question
have any game companies tried to bribe
you for a positive review if so what
game companies don't even know we exist
code I'm fine with that redlettermedia
fans barely know we exist come on by by
the way here's here's what i will tell
you guys officially if a game company
ever tries to bribe us with anything i
will tell you immediately because it'll
be a funny story i think i was reluctant
to do what what was that what was that
last for access from called that that
space space civilization uh beyond Earth
beyond Earth I was real anything with
beyond Earth because I said with a
t-shirt she will yeah and they sell you
the t-shirt because we did the excom
streams and yeah because we did XCOM
stream it had nothing to do with beyond
you know earth but Rob's like act that
probably we probably shouldn't do this
game now because could look weird Brian
how much would it take to bribe you I
mean I guess not much we're fresh
pricing my little back there huh how are
they not the acquiring of power the
retaining our crown dark dweller most
import thing Chi died in this guy last
time ever you had the tentacle monster
yet yeah that's a way around just just
go back turn around right flee oh yeah
and it's a dead end
I can just play back the way I came
under need them i'm gonna need to borrow
your every way your capture device your
greatest showman so one of these sundays
i really want to stream banquet okay
knowing i got actually a second capture
device oh really because the one doesn't
work with max so i will give you the one
that doesn't work with maxim that sounds
perfect yeah i thought this day might
come and one one that does work with max
was on sale so okay okay good good good
good good good yeah i totally i totally
want a serene things like sukin okay
look more cards if you can defeat yes
they're saying yes stream Bank works
vanquish oh no several dead adventurers
lie underneath piles of stones before
you don't bother yeah and by the way I'm
not trying to I'm not going to bother
trying to get this treasure fuck that
treasure I'm getting out of here
surprise portal warning signs did you
skip warning signs some of you skip
warning signs Jen and watching okay its
crypt worries i'm not going on through
that well you know what it might be
worth it just to unlock the token and be
done with it well sure I suppose that's
too late now too late now yeah I'm out
of here
wait what did that surprise portal do I
wasn't paying attention I was just
hitting buttons cut damn it i think it
reshuffles cards takes you to a new
stage okay great let's get out of here
and I think it's like an automatic
unavoidable stairs oh okay are you rich
are you any good at vanquish up decent
vanquish I i if i do it first dream it's
gonna have been like a you know you're
maybe not quite a year since i played it
last so i'll probably rusty is all
fucking hell but I've never been able to
know death on it but I'm not gonna have
to that's good rich are you sick of
playing plink it talegaon wants to know
no the black no tech delivered it's not
like it's not like it's all I do seven
days a week right do you understand he
comes out every now and then he's not
even on every half of the bag patron to
the plate before you up bad
I got the ride the only okay uh war
truck says the only real problem with
vanquish is that it's too short you know
vanquish is just the right length cuz
it's very very replayable game I can I
can play that from start to finish it
has a fairly long sitting but you know
what it can't be done and I think that's
a good length for a fun action game
I need food
I got a tough choice ahead of me rich
now it's simple ask for food cat food
you need to know what they think of the
last of us I'm reluctant to play a game
that puts story ahead of gameplay having
recently played a triple a title that
puts story in front of gameplay I i'm
going to say no I'm not ever going to
play it a lot if it's lots of suitable
cut scenes and richer your kind of good
cheer whistle amo ok I mean that game
just looks multi it's just a little girl
you have a little girl protect a little
girl yeah no no I i I'm not because of
the order i am not i'm just not i'm just
not because of the order yeah I know
Richards cutting out it's fine I don't
care if it's nothing like the order it's
it's a story heavy game light game and
I'm done with those so it's just
uncharted without the adventure and
platforming so then it's nothing
there's a token in it for you if you win
ooh the river if I wanna if I want to
watch a movie I'll watch a movie I mean
you you could have a good story in a
game but you'd have a good game in your
game to it because there are other
mediums that handle storytelling better
movies books plays storytelling there's
a balance i mean i know i love no more
heroes because the story is just very
fun the gameplay is not bad the game
plays you know it's great just wacky
sort around how much people and then you
get a great cutscene at the end of that
but i don't know if i want to play some
really just bland third-person cover
based shooter again Tyrone sloth rob
says jack I hate it when you judge books
by their covers and you do it very often
that's what covers are for their four
judges judge if if you you know if you
if you take that that philosophy tool
its extreme you have to buy and play
every single game that ever comes out
right and that should get some splits is
you cannot you cannot judge any and I
don't I'm not going to judge the last of
us because I've never played it it looks
like something I would not be into so
why would i want to i could be
pleasantly surprised sure but i'm gonna
come in from a negative place because it
looks like something I'm not going to be
into so I'm just not going to and i
gotta say historically i have not like
naughty dog games oh it's but it's made
by naughty dog I'm uh oh oh then
definitely not no fuck those I know the
kind of games they make then no
definitely not
that's all you can do is look at the the
you know the trailers and gameplay
available and make a decision and you
know the last of us never grabbed me
yeah it's called precedent it's much
easier to judge similar titles and
elements based on precedent of similar
titles and Allen's you're right and that
is judging I suppose is judging i don't
know it's it's tough I'm judging I guess
I don't know who cares I'm not going to
play it I'm not ever going to play the
lasso us this is not going to happen