Episode 219
Back Problems of Fate (Part 3)
March 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yoa2W3cXOYg
___________________________________________

this is a real thing that's not going to
happen stop type perfect that's right
why nots I'm dead rising love it dead
risings great I'm played the third one
which just looks like they took the Dead
Rising formula and found a way to make
it bland at least at least visually that
game looks really blend the first two
dead rising games I mean for zombie game
really colorful mm-hmm third one looks
like it takes place in a brown and gray
wasteland oh but I really liked the
first one because Frank West is amazing
not amazing it's pretty fun I mean not
amazing I wasn't I wasn't that fond of
the main character in the second one is
his characterization was I have a
daughter whoa I have a daughter oh how
we care about him because he's got a
little girl the voter little girls I
have a rescue my daughter rich somewhere
along the road i lost my god damn hammer
I'm sorry jack but shit happens I it's
upsetting because I don't know where I i
was reading the chat and not reading
what the man was telling me damn it
god damn it Tyrone sloth riiii I'm
pretty decent a dead rising myself he
said he's a dead rising pro dead rising
won multiple complete run throughs where
I'd be in all the bosses and saved all
the survivors and completed the story
mode I know I've done a no death run
where I got the the st. achievements you
know III don't think I was able to quite
rescue everybody though some reason in
dead rising I can never manage to save
the coward it's one of the villains it's
one of the little submissions in dead
rising guy you gotta rescue and he's
kind of afraid and yeah he's really hard
to get back to the safe house cuz he
just wants to run away and cower I've
never managed to save him and all of the
other survivors who needed to be saved
around that same time but I've had some
pretty good Dead Rising one runs myself
I'm just not crossing this river i ah
fuck now give fuck
everything is terrible everything is
terrible it's fine it's all fine
what cookie clicker they're saying we
should play cookie clicker rich what do
you think play what cookie clicker and
you wanna play cookie clicker I don't
know what fucking liquor is what it's
like a business like a bejeweled you
play whatever the fuck you want go ahead
coop I could we go quickly go oh that's
that's another thing about dead rising
kooky clear somebody said dead rising is
hard yeah that's that's what's great
about a dead rising one has some really
strict time limits and it's it's
extremely hard to rescue everybody dead
rising two is along the Rockies honey at
plenty of time save everybody and it's
very easy to escort them back to the
safe house Dead Rising ones challenge
cuz you weren't supposed to get enough
done and then it just barely enough time
to save everybody and complete the story
of dead rising life
good night gonna die aight just let it
happen no let it happen is so easy to
see what happens chaudhary let's go
quietly in the dark knight nope not
today nothing right now
rage rage at the dying of the light
cannot settle into that dark night whoa
rich got a poetry slam on your yes
getting a little real up in here
hahahaha he's throwing fucking fire in
that's the the fire blister yeah I
thought I'd kill them all oh there's one
various there's to fire mr. know there's
like thorns are there for fire ones in
this enough yeah oh my god yeah I think
I Stella from off-screen fucking dying
fuck
roll away damn it all away
nope nope rolling away god damn this
fire lizard is still why he dies so hard
to fight on the constant struggle so
easy just let go let nature do not
helping I fucking did it I fucking
garbage in it hmm that's that's what
this game does that's rewarding is what
it is it's fucking rewarding ah I was
great
his frog fractions to out already this
is the same when you know what you're
getting into part of the fun with that
was Jack had no idea when we started
yeah when we did frog fractions one
everything everything was new you didn't
know it was gonna be this crazy mind
fuck yeah how do you carry that on when
you know the sepal has to be a crazy
mind fuck they they fuck with you
knowing that they're fucking with you or
I am like hopefully they can bring it to
that next level I mean did it does
matter frog fractions one was so what
what's the next level from mine fuck of
the nevermind fuck no you know what the
next level is what the next level is
just making a straight game that was
like frog fractions not not having not
having the craziness happen I think I
think that would piss everybody who
donated to their Kickstarter I think
they had a Kickstarter for too much yup
scum yeah would it really would do that
it would be the bad kind of fucking with
that it would make people angry at them
a challenge for you under token if you
succeed ooh whilst sleeping at an inn
you jolt awake to find a bandit rifling
through your belongings you are quick to
your feet weapon ready in hand the
Bandit laughs clearly drunk easy there
princess spare an apple would you
there's a good lad he stands uneasily
clutching a stolen apple and some coins
you grabbed his arm and protest and earn
a punch to the face looks like Nancy
hair wads of fight the Bandit laughs
again spits at your feet and turns to
leave oh fuck yeah I'm going to attack
the thieving bandit
um with a practice swing you execute him
a surprise gasp in his last is the last
time he makes suddenly the room fills
with the bandits lackeys oh shit all
right wait wait oh you're doing asleep
at the end yeah and okay you're not
gonna get the coin oh do I get the coin
if I let him go by taking abuse yes oh
fuck dad it stole my shit he stole my
shit I don't spit at me you won't you'll
never get the token that well now I know
how to get it okay that that goes from
the forest will be unhappy with you yeah
yep yep well then you don't get your
token that's fine don't bitch at me what
a game okay when a game about kicking
ass there's general rule general rule
everybody should be aware of what a game
about kicking ass gives you the peace
option and they've never given you the
peace option before they're up to
something and you might want to consider
taking the peace option
stop throwing shit I'm you stop it you
dick yeah hit everybody in the head with
your hammer that the sudden game
suddenly stops and says you are not this
person in the head with a hammer they're
they're up to something you're right my
pride was worth more than that token
what dude spit at me whatever i got my
fucking token you turn hoping to find a
washbasin and find yourself once again
in the presence of the ghost from the
forest its eyes so familiar so real
compared to its shifting body look at
look at you in fear you took their lives
so easily are you already lost remember
who you are who you were I have lingered
too long in this place it drains me so
do not fuck it me and the ghost is gone
ok we'll see now I know now I know that
that's how I get the coin and that's how
one would learn in a game like this wait
how do i get collecting data loves the
ghost voice by the way yeah so too so
does Lucian Corvin there's other people
people like the ghost voice great i'm
trying i know you guys in general like
my voice is so I do try to bust out some
new voice season in the animal kingdom
with every character every character
gets a voice I try to make them do it
doesn't always happen Tiberius Kirk says
okay this game is 30 years newer than
space quest and yet Jack still has to
make the voices yeah but hasn't hasn't
that enhance the experience just know
how can you complain about that if this
game had voices you would never have
gotten Jack's ghost voice I think about
that think about that you know if this
game was a bigger title it might have
had a little more
is acting I'm trying to help it out here
what do ghosts do when they fall exactly
what do we do when we fall we pick
ourselves up tree tree bra creations
just wants you to kill this guy and take
his fucking cards I don't think I can I
think that might be the the arty farty
of the game I think the arty farty at a
game rich here's here's the question
yeah is the last boss of the game him
ooh problem I mean probably but you you
say ooh like you you didn't think of
that until now I haven't I don't you cuz
I don't usually I'm just worried about
what's what's right ok ok I have no idea
I have not got to the end yet but I
predict there's gonna be a battle with
this guy who that could be that could be
I I like the endless mode of this game
you know with all of his little quips
it's it's clear that like he keeps
saying stuff like I'm using your own
memories in the cards and you know like
doesn't this all seem very familiar
almost as if like hold on Targo the SAT
year the font or go Torgo the set cheer
thank you for subscribing I very much
appreciate it where I I see this as kind
of a purgatory simulation right like
you've spent your whole life fighting
and now you're doomed to endlessly fight
right onto my next adventure
lose one blessing but get out of here
you inspire way we play this game you
can you desire that we reset the board
each time one last tune travelling
Tinkler's the travelling Tinkler he's
much worse than the traveling a tinkerer
he pees on you but I have money again
with the deep analysis i know i like
looking at the arty farty stuff it's fun
usually when there's some arty farty
stuff it means someone actually thought
about the game for example the order
1886 I can't think of any arty farty
symbolism in that sward every I drew up
his ability or some good cards here I
still have the thing that means
oh no I lost that sorry good no I was to
never say as or aunt says um what is the
most arty-farty game you've ever played
the most are diverting most arty-farty
game you've ever played oh Jesus I
haven't played it but I'm just gonna say
shadow of the colossus because I'm sure
that's 20 30 40 game that's ever been
made right am i right I mean right
that's pretty it's pretty out there the
Colossus is as symbols of loss before
you're dead beloved it could be fighting
got fighting the demons yeah that's
pretty that's pretty already um as far
as straight up already farty yes I see a
lot of you already saying braid and you
know braid is just too on-the-nose braid
doesn't hide any of its arty-farty pneus
therefore it is not the arty farty 'used
game wait wait wait wait wait why can't
something be arty farty unless is hidden
white because then there's it because
then it's blatant that still doesn't
mean it's not already farty that takes
some of the fun out of it for me doesn't
it doesn't that take some of the fun out
of it like trying to decipher it okay
like in braids there are large blocks of
text that just say like don't you wish
you could turn back time to get your
beloved back where it's like oh yes
that's the gameplay mechanic duh you
don't need to tell me that the braid I'm
gonna go there some of the chat said
mass effect 3 i'm gonna i want to make a
point that mass effect 3 is fake
arty-farty mass effect mass effect is a
not very arty farty at all series that
they had a arty-farty ending grafted
onto where it had no business being
because they thought they needed to be
arty farty suddenly
yeah it's like it's like Frankenstein's
a game Frankenstein's ending it's like
it's like return of the jedi suddenly
suddenly sprouted a 2001 a Space Odyssey
tumor Oh wanna equip that more than
anything I am proud of my array of
kisses I like this hero remain this
hero's remains one I gave it i wouldn't
i wouldn't recommend keeping the weapon
the Sun no God no no I'm I'm returning
them unless you can afford to have the
cursor move do you buy a shop that will
do that no I'm by the tinkerer oh he
does not remove curses but i'm here
already and i can return his stuff
already so it's cool it's cool i get the
bonus is real easy return the hero sword
yep return the hero she i will miss the
shield the shield is cool rich are there
any games you expected to absolutely
hate and that you ended up loving yeah
Mass Effect one hi do you remember
that's typically not a fan of RPGs oh
sure sure that me because of because of
JRPGs it's like I I avoided the John rub
completely for many years and then I
didn't even remember why the fuck I
played mass effect one it's just I got I
saw so many fucking ads for mass effect
to him like i'll fuck it i'll give this
thing a shot because of the ads the
adder the end is this because was
saturated i carly couldn't avoid mass
effect 2 it was like I've saw ads
everywhere and then just by happenstance
I saw a copy of Mass Effect one it was
like five bucks so that you know I was
like nothing so yeah fucking I'll see
what I'll see what is what all this
fucking hype is about
and I picked it up and I loved it so I
expected to hate mass effect 1 all right
there you go
why better I make sure my passport is in
order it's because I'm going to die fuck
by the way I am going to die get the
fuck out of here bones 90 says a
previously recorded live hey what do you
think is the order 1886 of video games
outside is definitely not only order
1886 because that is not a video game
does it have to be a video game get out
of here to get out of here what do you
love about Mass Effect one rich well
it's hard to enjoy it now because three
really did retro actively kind of sour
the series everything in one just feels
depressing though but the story the
characters that the universe is really
fun the depth of that universe is taking
your ship and just basically just like
Star Trek you just explore the fucking
galaxy what's not that mood over there
let's find out I want to see what's out
that because I can I could do whatever I
want and some well written characters
and the fact that they put you in the
story where you had so much control over
what you said and did you had so much
player agency unlike the order 1886 then
it was just it was just great fucking
goblins
fucking goblins
night actor Jam he's out what time is it
how later we going we haven't gone that
way that way I'll was only 11 well
what's it what's the game that did what
the order 1886 was trying to do right no
game should do what the order 1886 did
no game should do that huh um it's an
extended cut scene with button prompts
and the most plan third-person shooter
segments I've ever seen in my entire
fucking life no game should do that no
Oscar for be able to do right because
it's a shit formula yep I think I agree
on a similar note we're gonna get off
the order rich and Jack do you think
alien isolation could be fixed
absolutely make it let's make it four
hours long yep make it shorter and and
take out community you need to take out
a lot of the nostalgia pandering if you
made alien isolation outside of the
alien universe I think it could be a lot
better take a lot of those same gameplay
elements but take them out but up bring
them outside of the
I don't know what you're talking about
what what what bring what outside of the
aliens universe what really why
understanding how this is going to make
the experience better because I think
that was one of our complaints oh you
mean not being able to be afraid I see
see here's my thoughts on it would be
fine as a short nostalgia trip I just
embraced that true it just it shouldn't
be 20 fucking hours long this is not
enough content to be fun for 20 hours
sure all right yeah yeah just just give
me a yeah let me run around the stromal
for a bit that's that's that's amusing
that's install Jake I'm done with it
I've always sure no but I'm Todd like if
you want to make it a straight-up horror
game the alien isolation without alien
is just amnesia right and amnesia I was
scared at things so you see I actually
played it myself but yeah look like you
and Jay were enjoying that yeah because
there was actual mystery and we did not
know what was going to happen and when
everything was new and I think that was
part of the problem with alien isolation
is like we said in the review like oh
look we're a lien universe how you
thought you can't be scared or surprised
when the facehugger shows up out of the
egg yeah these you know that's going to
happen you know the alien to Wells
bisceglia yeah we play for a token now
also get rid of the button prompts the
devil appears in a puff of smoke and
fixes its evil gaze upon you greetings
oh great I draw this i I don't know this
is because of the lag but that was out
last right or was that a Misha we were
playing with j/o outlast yeah you're
right outlast yeah he Jack meant outlast
I'm sorry you all right I did we me and
Jamie played out last
oh god I can't decline sauna oh it's
it's the devil's wager where oh well you
know you're already at the low health
yeah but it's no no it's a four scales
and a six of scales there's an I just
can't Oh get on doctor I can't do that
so I've tried that at full health and I
still can't do it so they did say Jack
do the double voice again oh so yeah you
kind of interrupted my devil boys I know
I'm sir hey but look there's a demon
traitor now so I get to do the devil
again just because it knew the chat
wanna the devil boys in your dreams one
night you are summoned to a fiery pit
and greeted by a familiar diamond
greetings mortal I am again in need of
spiritual fulfillment trade you another
magical item for it pay to blessings for
a magical item my blessings are pretty
good now um no no blessings if your
blessings are good what do you what
what's Matt what's the magical item
gonna be I don't know but I also get a
token it's gonna be one of those special
power things that run out after a while
versus a 22 blessings that stick around
forever that you would get the token you
would get with you so having shed some
one of the chances do it did it what'd
you get I don't know how long the demons
on the the demon eyes you hungrily it
opens its fiery MA and you feel some
part of your soul dragged into the
hellish abyss the cards token is now
yours tasty the demon exclaims your new
magical item will be sent along to the
mortal realm soon
in the meantime take this old thing draw
one equipment card oh so oh the magical
item is the token every way oh oh oh
medium armor I already have me well I
get the tokenism Jackie say I'll get you
gadget I'll get you catch it does is
that all he says or does he say
something else too I ain't probably
since other things right I don't
remember can I hire you to do a demon's
voice in my D&D; game absolutely
absolutely I work cheap rich and Jack
have either of you ever played Dungeons
and Dragons no not really I have a
couple times yeah um I think we've
actually we might have talking about
this before I tried to get into a group
and the group had been together for a
really long time and I tried to join in
a game and I just wasn't feeling the
group of people I was with uh huh it
seems like like something I would enjoy
in general but I just was not into the
other people i was with because like
they had all known each other for so
long and I was like the new guy was a
friend of a friend so jack is a way hold
on Jack can you say the sixth sheiks
sixth sheep's sick I can't well I can
motherfucker so I go ahead the sixth
sheiks sixth sheep's sick the sixth
sheik's sixth see you can do it a six
the six sheep six sheep you can do it
rich well you see you gotta do it fast
you it's really easy to do the 6th the
6th I can't even sis next the six the
sixth sheiks sixth sheep's 66
oh I can't do it i was gonna say my
answer to the dnd thing was not really
cuz i was it up friend of Mines birthday
party once they kind of have like it had
like an impromptu D&D; thing but I things
fairly informal as far as d and e goes
it was just know like what's lying
around or maps or anything it was just
sitting around like couch okay and I
participated it was like like an hour or
so I know it's extremely briefly that
once and that's why I said not really a
not no not really n no
the sixth sheep's this is the sixth
seeks the sixth sheiks sixth sheep's
sick nice he did it I fucking did it
yeah I mean I was apparently that was
close you almost did it yeah I think D
is one of those games where you need to
have a good group of people with you
need to like have someone who knows what
they're doing to the guy do you along
the way but you know mmm I'm probably
too old for now my after-school activity
was making stupid videos right my
after-school activity was mucky man gets
his
what are the most sides on a dice that
you want I guess I would be died at dice
verbiage I have I have a full collection
I have a full collection of dice
including multiple d20 SD fours z6 is
obviously but what is the largest
probably oh I you know what I might have
addy 30 okay okay those are hard to read
you don't have one of those d100 so I've
seen somewhere no those are ridiculous
and you can't you you just can't you you
can make out the number well at that
point isn't it just the novelty right I
think so I do have a full dice
collection just because you never know
you never know when you're going to need
if you're gonna need some things
ah you come across an injured adventurer
who's battered and bloodied armor tells
you he's seen combat recently asked him
his trouble
oh she had it I gotta fight him Oh God
huge success I did it I did it I did it
could work I got I got a huge success I
don't even know did that thing that you
were doing all right oh shit rich gained
15 max health oh my god this is great
with grateful for that yes I am grateful
for that how many Atari 2600 controllers
did you go through as a kid a few you
know even even even when the Atari 2600
was new and I had one I could still
recognize that it was a piece of shit I
don't I don't have much nostalgia from
that machine first game system I ever
owned but still no nostalgia I mean yeah
it was it was proto there was one game I
was playing on the Atari 2600 I think
was the 2600 saved us there was a few
that were still like the Kaliko whatever
but no the only one had to be the 2600 I
was the only one I owned you could
sometimes the games are like compatible
with other systems it was like really
weird back then hmm so I don't remember
who made the game this game called like
dolphin just dolphin wasn't talking
you'd swirl around you dodged the sharks
yeah you do it you know the press a
button a squeak yeah but here's here's
the thing bunny squeak yeah this is this
is I had an existential crisis as when I
was like seven because I'm playing this
game and I was good enough at this game
called dolphin that I wasn't dying i'm
just going along and along and it was
like going along it along forever and it
was just the same thing jump a sharp
move of the shark jump over the thing
dodge start to move over the shard a
junt think no it wasn't echo this game
it was just called dolphin this well
before echo i was on the genesis it's a
piece of shit on the Atari 2600 but I
just I wasn't dying and it was the same
thing over and over again and it was
like in
affinity it would not end and it just
seems so depressing demands like this is
it just constant swimming through this
thing dad to these sharks and and I just
suddenly became extremely depressed oh
it has to offer you just you just keep
doing this and it's the same thing over
and over again for infinity oh no this
is depressing the lizard men have become
stronger that's terrible jack oh that's
terrible i'm sure you don't die shortly
you're pretty good for only having had
35 home I'm doing this is I this is the
best time this is the furthest i've got
mean I must manually players somebody
posted a link to dolphin and YouTube
there you go I maintain the rule hey guy
you have choices it doesn't look as good
as an adult then your choice Amelia
rediscovery of that maze of traps you
know we've learned not worth it not
worth it mazey traps who the maid in
yoga rich what was your first good game
system what does that mean mr. glitched
the pc goo night i had extremely fond
memories of space quest spacequest Kings
quiz all those old sierra games though
if you really if we have to stay to the
world of the console the nests the nests
all right i like it the nest was better
than the pc and edit you miss it rich
just at that then I did not say the nest
was better than the pc
they said if you you said if you had to
I had to pick a console yeah I wouldn't
say it's better than the pc pc was like
I paired right suck it of that era
that's the question no space quest
alright that's fine that's fine let's
find this fair I guess or whatever how
about that the fine that's fair or
whatever thoughts on the Zelda TV series
for netflix it's not official yet i
don't think i don't care at all because
the zelda games have never been about
story oh the vegas sense they are ya
there's an alpha to try for us in a
princess yep i would i would i'm more
excited to play the new zelda game
that's it so again i can sell this now
doesn't it doesn't matter wake up
sheeple zelda was better than anything
on the pc except for space class the
scott those Sierra adventure games
exercised my brain in a way that the
nest games never did hmm space Christ
was really great it would felt like a
world you could do anything you want
type in what you want to do well that's
great and you could yeah oh that's good
yeah I'm with you um rich yeah tree Rock
creations wife would like to know what
your favorite childhood cartoons were
it's a very important
well I always loved Looney Tunes but the
fuck wouldn't love Louie tombs yeah I
remember GI Joe GI Joe is ok I might why
might why am I just drawing blanks I
want these cartons and you know like why
am I I don't know I don't know I was
gonna say like to me like cartoons hit a
stride when I was a little bit older
like not not childhood cartoons like I
never I never watched like transformers
or any of that stuff just cuz i hadn't i
like the Transformers up until Optimus
Prime died then cuz the only he was the
only character i liked on the show the
second they killed him off I no longer
gave a shit oh sure sure it was like ah
I never watched it the Ninja Turtles mmm
fine you know my love of the Ninja
Turtles mostly comes to the comic books
but I wouldn't have discovered the comic
books without the cartoon so credit
where credit's due and it's like to me
same with GI Joe I never would have
discovered the comic books probably
without the cartoonion to me cartoons
hit like a real stride when like
saturday morning was x-men cartoon
spiderman cartoon the tick cartoon and
eek the cat they were all hot on the
same Saturday and that was a great time
I don't know thank God dog here you're
gonna be sad to hear i hated the
Thundercats really fun really yeah hey
defender case this they're all so
fucking lame oh he's a retard oh they're
all generic they're all stupid I hate
the Thundercats hmm please I'm blaming
the generic hero I power of grayskull I
mean I mean Thundercats ho what was this
thing Thundercats ho Thunder gal
thundercats thundercats a whole one fuck
them i wanted number to win bubba listen
mum row was at least interesting lion-o
was a boring motherfuck
needed a choke on his own shit and die
oh my lord I remember a show called Dino
saucers what Dino sorceress fav to sleep
they were dynasty a humanoid dinosaurs
from space that sounds awesome that
sounds awesome oh hey i get i fall
asleep at the inn again I I get a chance
now rich to lower my weapon the Bandit
looks at you with contempt thought so he
wanders out of your room whistling
tunelessly to himself the driller the
dealer draws you to pain cards what help
how about reboot I'm trying to remember
exactly when reboots started come on
coming out I might have been a little
bit too old to a been a kid I was dead
that woulda been early 90s right yeah
and I was like years away from high
school at that point yeah you were too
old I still like reboot hmm but I
wouldn't say that was from when I was a
child o.o childhood cartoon ghostbusters
the real ghostbusters real ghostbusters
yeah fucking love the real ghostbusters
it's like we didn't we didn't have like
a lot of TV in my house and so for me a
lot of cartoons are early 90s like when
I was a little older so like reboot I
watched reboot ok about that
I was every boot yeah the Ghostbusters
Trump most things when I was a kid no I
sure I hope that is the curse that ends
your quest things are getting crazy now
rich what was that other Ghostbusters
with the ape do you remember that yeah
it was it was because yep the
Ghostbusters didn't have the naming
rights for a cartoon so someone quickly
slapped together a Ghostbusters cartoon
that had nothing to do with the
Ghostbusters movie because they didn't
secure the naming rights well
technically I think when they had the
movie when they made the movie there was
issues I think they ended up getting
permission but they didn't own the name
there was some old I was in a series of
movies was a TV show in the 50s oh maybe
call called the Ghostbusters about these
two just normal guys who would bumble
around investigate ghosts I they do they
have a guerrilla on the old black and
white yeah I think that was like a guy
in a gorilla suit I'm supposed to be the
gorilla and that was that was
technically the first thing to have the
name ghostbusters on it right so when
when they made the cartoon when when the
movie got famous whoever owned the
rights to that old black and white TV
show had the right to the rights the
name ghostbusters so they made that
cartoon based on that TV show so they
have a cartoon called ghostbusters yeah
oh no they just made that cartoon
because of the success of the movie yeah
oh you know what I'm remembering
speaking of i see someone mentioned tiny
toons and that makes me just think of
the animaniacs did you ever watch the
animaniacs yeah but that was I wouldn't
say that was for my childhood though
what's a childhood that's other uh
you're slightly older than I am when I
see usually childhood I'm gonna say like
first decade of your life first two
you're like 12 frame than yours or preet
preet preet slow monism 12
until like 14 preteen okay yes anything
preteen is fine I might have just been
on the cusp for animaniacs I loved
animaniacs Oh mr. Lionel I am negligence
because now I'm thinking about more
shows DuckTales fucking DuckTales was
awesome life is like a hurricane here in
spice lazers aeroplanes it's a duck blur
it's all the mystery rewrite history hey
ducktales woo every day that I've been
having ducktales woo hoo guys this is
really happening rich is really really
singing the ducktales name what about
Chippendales adventures did you watch
that chip and dales adventures the one
where the bear flew the plane what was
that one it was none of them were
ducktales tailspin never oh you oh you
mean not ducktales yeah yeah telltale
spin was a tailspin from dark rum
cocktails no I saw the rescue rangers
that's what it was called yeah
Chippendales of rescue rangers uh Tiny
Toons did the Citizen Kane episode oh oh
god damn it might die soon
26 of playing cards
all right here we go here we go here we
go oh shit
here we go here we go here we go now
getting real rich
this you think modern cartoons are worse
about it i don't like i watch all that
many modern children's cartoons there
are examples of both being someone who
has had to watch some modern children's
programming i think for example phineas
and ferb is better than almost anything
we vent Phineas and Ferb is offense I'm
gonna say better though just on
principle this most then can I was a kid
I was shilling for some kind of lawyer
or another sure yeah now we have people
creating his grew up with charts and
runs
and then we have seen some more
attention to America reversing sandy
danny phantom as a spider-man fan I
could actually appreciate that
but the pinnacle of all animation is
Batman the Animated Series I mean I
think we can all agree
there was no doubt you guys watch
spongebob I hate spongebob you hate
spongebob I think he's annoying and
obnoxious alright that's great I mean
that's fine I I know that's the point I
still think he's annoying and obnoxious
so I like spongebob I'm ok response Bob
I'll watch for some spongebob if it you
know if it's not i watch some spongebob
someone's mentioning courage the
cowardly dog Karen loves courage the
cowardly dog yeah yeah I never
understood courage the cowardly dog I
just never got it he's courage Cowardly
thought a fucking get that caution they
are smarter than the he has true courage
because he he has to overcome his fears
you know
mmm I have I have nothing to say about
courage the cowardly dog
rich is like Squidward I'm just going to
assume that's not very flattering
youryour but you're a joy kill you're a
buzzkill isn't he I'll wait I'm thinking
of that starfish she hangs out with okay
gagin deal I can deal with the squid
yeah yes quick
I like this game a little bit better
when you don't have a shield you just
ignore it I don't have to use it no no
you don't I mean a shield is really
necessary and as the fights go on but
when you don't have a shield you just
need to watch every enemy for their
animation for their attack animation
yeah and it makes it so much more
difficult look up you still go with that
are you still going with that that FF
you with that same you at baseband you
died no I have not died yet I'm on your
aid listen you're at 35 health like an
hour ago yeah no I can smell so now my
max health is at 50 I'm going pretty
strong I have a really neat
quote-unquote curse right now which is
every time I kill an enemy they might
drop a bomb okay but does that actually
damage other enemies too it also damages
other enemy animals out of the way yeah
it's great it's great it's great
everything's great rich do you prefer
arkham asylum or arkham city arkham
asylum for the story city for the
gameplay hmm yeah thnkx city story is a
little bit unfocused they don't know
what the story is gotta stop Hugo
Strange no now you got a dick around
with the Joker for a bit no now you got
a dick around with this carrot with mr.
freeze carpets there's no there's no
solid main story or at least there is
and then they forget about it because
the Joker has to take over everything
never trust them you know that point
just make the Joker the central
character again oh yeah if you're gonna
make if you're gonna make half the game
above Joker anyway oh sure but they want
to trick you into thinking is a whole
new game but then fall back on the thing
that everyone knows and wants am yeah
Oh local peasant I can't give you any
food I don't have any food oh my god I
don't have any food what's an
ignominious way to find some food ready
shit you find something to eat soon oh
but the Mr Freeze boss fight yeah I said
yep city for the gameplay that boss by
it's great but the story in asylum is
just on point it's very focused joke of
rates and are Arkham Asylum what is it
Joker doing what is Joker one and then
the end was all fighting the junker if
there's one story that is focused on 70
is all over the place but City refines
the gameplay most most of Arkham City or
you're on a joker side quest oh geez no
oh there you go
you know what dare you fucking go
probably pick the bad fight here yeah
read sorry for asking twice but I'm
pretty curious given your stance on bad
endings and love for batman the animated
series how did you like mask of the
phantasm I don't remember much about it
at this point but I wasn't that fond of
it I wasn't I wasn't the biggest mask of
the phantasm thing I don't remember why
anymore it's been a really fucking long
time since I've seen it but I've ever I
remember seeing that I mean like am I
think I think that's another one where
the Joker takes over the story at the
end it was the phantasm what does the
phantasm doing and no we're gonna stop
the Tokra now haha Joker get out of the
Joker chain everybody all aboard haha
joke the city
yep got to go up to Joker city that's
where all the whores live the good thing
about oranges is that it confirmed they
found that other great actor for the
Joker with Hamill gone look he does the
guy who did the Joker's voice in origins
did a half-decent Mark Hamill Joker
impression only he can't do the fucking
laughs oh so it's not the best
replacement in the world it's really not
oh you gotta do the laugh that's kind of
it nobody else nobody else is gonna be
able to be able to do that that last
right with the the amount of different
things he can do with the Joker laughs
because it's not it's really not the
laughs he laughs a whole bunch of
different ways as the Joker Mark Hamill
oh yeah and they're gonna have a hard
time finding someone who can really
duplicate that
why would Hammond walk away from voicing
the Joker does handle get that much work
I have heard I don't know how true it is
that in his his age that that that doing
that voice is not as easy on its term as
it they're stupid I would want a hundred
percent believe it yeah it probably it
might be the kind of thing we're just
doing that voice is just too fucking
painful
poof I did it good uh do you give a crap
about the new alien movie I like in
general Neill Blomkamp the district nine
was really great oh I'll tell you how I
feel about it when I actually hear facts
about what it's going to be like so yes
yes I just have a name at a franchise
but they have they have a franchise that
I enjoy in general and they have a
director who I enjoy in general so
excitement level 4 okay I'm not telling
you how high the scale goes but if it's
out of a hundred it's not very excited
but if it's out of 5 it's very excited
so I won't
are you excited about chepi yes yes I am
excited about Jackie I like Mia Blomkamp
I really want to see him make movies so
I am going to see chappie and in general
I am excited about it god damn it I'm
out of food I might die of starvation I
do wonder how much time you spent simply
chasing down blind alleys I found the
metal or and I know where the we already
unlocked that though what do you what do
you want what do you get for doing that
what is the price is it worth it I get a
weapon that I probably wouldn't use cuz
i still have my axe thing i guess and
you know what it doesn't matter because
i'm gonna die good welcome okay yeah
bide your time just let it go no no I
died of starvation I ran out of food oh
you did yeah starvation so I four dozen
times so we're done that was a really
good run oh oh oh I get to unlock all I
got so many tokens I get to unlock so
many oh this is see this is what it's
all about this like these rewards are so
awesome Eli I will I will say this about
the Illinois movie I've heard they're
they're essentially ignoring aliens
three on alien 3 on I feel bad for Jay
Jay loves two three he goes yeah yeah
Blomkamp is a one-trick pony possibly
but I like his trick I like his sci-fi
trick
so I'm gonna keep watching it whoo
forbidden harbor can you play this on PC
or do you require a controller you can
use a controller with it on the pc i
think there's a i think you can play it
without I haven't even I haven't even
tried yeah this game I think I think I
started up its does it recommends a
controller which I would assume means
there is a mode you can play it without
one I don't know how play this with a
play that it has all I can pause it
right here and we can go to controls and
you as you see right here it has
controls for both a gamepad or wasd and
mouse like normal everything's normal
it's because you know why because it sat
on a PC it gives you that option but you
know what it's the type of game that was
built it could using a controller in a
game like this is very natural
you are improving keep it up goddamn
right I'm improving as great
I was a great run ah alright that's a
good you did good jack I don't know
Gotye I didn't know I didn't do good
rich I did well I don't know if I
improved anyone's life today Superman
does good I did well you did perfectly
acceptable I did I felt I felt good
about that was a nice that was a stream
long run that was great Oh God one trick
pony bah that's what they said about m
night shyamalan and look at him 20 yet
he had two tricks no gay i want you know
but i do what what are you hated of the
took the good movies he did success make
sense and unbreak up and breakable yeah
say it for good movies that he did it
yes yeah I I think I think he does one
trick really well which is he he has a
very specific style and he brings a lot
of the cinematic art to movie making the
problem is he got too focused on
storytelling and he's not that brain of
a storyteller you know but he I still
think there's some talent in there and
he got buried under his own hype you
know poor at night there was there was a
lot of talent in there he got his money
yes he's fine everything's fine he's
fine everything's fine I'm night
unbreakable was good I'm breakable was
really good
I mean and again I'm breakable like one
of the I don't know if I've ever told
you the story of unbreakable my first
watching abundant breakable the story of
unbreakable is painfully stupidly
idiotic Lee simple as you know as far as
twist endings go the first time my
friends and I sat down to watch in may
and I'll seen it before but they wanted
to watch it again I was like oh yeah I
want to see this movie and you know five
minutes into the movie it's just like oh
oh and by the way sport spoiler alert
for a 20 year old movie but uh you know
five minutes into the movie go Oh samuel
l jackson is the bad guy huh and my
friends are like no no he's not he's
totally not you know cuz he was there
trying to be there trying to be eyes and
let me enjoy the movie but you know the
stories not what matters it's the
journey and and it's his whoever was the
the cinematographer the director of
photography on that movie just fucking
nail that unbreakable is beautiful I had
a fight club swells man i still really
well Fight Club do so oh yeah yeah fight
but still bidding
um well that's gonna be it 20 years old
no I mean it's not how old is
unbreakable maybe 20 years old early two
thousands so 15 years old it's all I
spoiled I spoil the movie that's been
out for Lisa I'm gonna say white like
2,000 maybe itself yeah six senses like
one who's sick sense late late late late
90s like 99 listen I'm saying like I
threw out the spoiler alert but it's an
old movie so yeah I want to say that the
spoiler alert for unbreakable has lapsed
yes so I don't feel bad I'm break oh
it's over 40 years old yeah that's it it
will be someday they will be and
absolutely when we well but in any case
that was our stream that was a fine
stream I thought that I thought that was
a fine stream thank you all so much for
coming out we've really do appreciate it
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all of the old subscribers
and thank you to everyone else who just
came out to watch some hand of fate a
game I've really been enjoying lately
good night good night everybody life is
like a hurricane here in Duckburg
racecars lazers aeroplanes it's a duck
blur might solve a mystery or rewrite
history ducktales woo