Episode 065
Vanquish - Half & a Hack (Part 1)
March 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVDmWetQh8A
___________________________________________

that that test with you okay I might
have done i streamed earlier oh okay
when I was I was doing my own personal
sound check and I was singing her hello
my baby hello Madeline and that that was
live over the Internet
did it yeah I had no idea but that went
live over the Internet
hello my baby hello my darling I'm here
testing sound
send me a Skype all right everybody
hello chat how are you doing hello
everybody welcome welcome to the stream
sorry about missing Wednesday everyone
was sick bye everyone
I was fine sure so how's our sound first
first and foremost first and foremost
oh I paused it I didn't mute it no it's
muted okay great Oh some people went to
pax that's great I've been I've been
seeing pictures and seeing stuff from
pax it looked like super fun
I know it's Beck's come on well I'm
thinking about are you able to change
the name or did you do that already I
did that already I'm so on top of this
rich because it wasn't letting me do
that earlier it's really annoying I mean
yeah sometimes it takes a while to
refresh sometimes you need to go into
the dashboard to do it sometimes you
have to do it from the channel view it's
it it sucks
I'm gonna look into why that is okay so
I think it's I think it's a switch thing
we had the daylight savings today
apparently I thought I had another hour
to go I'm sitting around I'm looking at
the the clock up here in the studio at
7:30 I got plenty of time
then Jack Skype citizen where are ya
what's going on Oh
so I got a roll know either I had to
rush that second soundcheck with Jack
involved and mmm I'm sure that went
through because I accidentally hit
stream again and here we are and here we
are I'm going to I'm gonna look through
to see if you streamed your singing and
we're just gonna upload that into the
YouTube channel you can do that I am if
it's there everything I wanna do it
that's great just that that'll be a
daily video so the chance seemed to like
our order review was Joan Jett in there
earlier
I'm glad we liked our order review too I
think I was really happy with the King
without came on yeah as we've talked
about before you guys know it when we
first started the show I was trying to
keep the episodes at like a solid 10
minutes
and so like making the episode a
half-hour long was a little tough for me
just cuz you know in my in my head it's
like Internet video it's gotta be sure
it's got to be quick you know but
there's just so much to say so I needed
to get it all out there and I you know
we cut so much so we rich and I talked a
lot more about a lot of other things in
the game but and you know just cut I'm
gonna play it I'm gonna play for the
thrill to refresh myself good idea I'm
we're having inversion issues but I'm
having I'm having inversion issues again
because cuz I think I'm like playing
with a controller now before I was like
with the mouse yeah that's right so when
I when I when I when I'm just like blind
firing I really want to invert when I'm
what I'm actually like aiming paying
attention yeah then then I want to go
like the normal way so I think it's like
flipping back and forth as I play sure
yeah oh yeah I'm glad you like the
sectoid the sectoid reference that was
literally just for you guys I kept that
in there cuz I knew
guys would like it toys just because we
did that in the chat we did that while
playing the game and I kept it and there
just for you and and by the way I see as
someone were saying in the chat like V
the montage the 61 kill men montage it
was a little too long yeah try playing
it rich they can't hear the game audio
like it all is oh and because you're
doing it through the Hauppauge capture
you need to make sure that the volume is
up on the capture device like geez you
know the in the capture window there's
like a little volume control i I just
adjusted it people can tell me if that's
working for me okay I can also uncheck
no he will tell me is it oh yes okay I
heard it now in in the stream so you're
good you're good rich oh no I thought I
could hear myself okay not good but
better right I turned it down because I
wanted them to hear you I turned it down
like an advanced oh sure sure sure and
now I'm gonna need to turn it down in my
end so I can hear you oh now someone's
saying they were hoping that the gunshot
montage would be longer I thought was I
thought I liked how it turned out like
that was one of those I because there
was some sickness over here be my my
editing schedule on the release schedule
for the video got pushed back like up
and I
really helping I was hoping to have it
done Thursday night so it could be up
Friday afternoon and it you know I moved
to a day behind so it got done Friday
night and I uploaded him for Saturday
afternoon but like one of the things
that I was working on one of those
really late nights ahead of age was that
montage and it just got it got weird and
I did pull it back a little bit it was
weirder at first but I pulled it back a
little bit but I yeah I'm really happy
with this episode I'm seeing a lot of
good response and it's shockingly the
real shocking thing is there are people
who defend the order 1886 and they're
differently there's just no way you can
ever trust that person you defended the
human lay like you think it's great
anytime there's the illusion of you
playing does the game slows down you
have to hit X to quote do something I
wanted I want to choke somebody then
well that infuriates me no I'm not
playing the game you're making me play
this button so I continue watching the
scripted cutscene please stop doing that
please never do that again
right right oh no I'm hearing the audio
on delay Oh yep if you will do you
absolutely will be welcome welcome to my
problem that's terrible yep yeah it's
really disorientating
no words like this is this game by the
way I see someone saying oh god it's
alien isolation all over again this game
like makes alien look fantastic if you
were just to have those two games they
have different very different problems
very different problems but at least in
Alien there is more game to the games
I've said in the chat that alien
isolations problem is that there's not
enough content for a full game it should
have been really short yeah and this all
Geo constantly works against the horror
of it is you can't be scared of the
alien when you're happy to see it you
know yeah
but the order is just a complete failure
of concept there's you know I mean it's
a movie that you kind of play through no
it's terrible
that's a bad idea there's nothing fun
about that I'd rather watch a movie it's
not a game that's that's the real thing
yeah doctor kill the cat most people
agree with the the order review but
comparatively the sonic and alien
isolation of you are far far more
controversial I think I think come
tomorrow it's gonna get a little more
controversial the the problem with the
weekend release is the blogs are
sleeping and so we're not picking up on
it outside of our own fan base yet so
quite possibly if anyone outside of our
fan base starts watching it it would be
controversy wall will start up again or
just everyone agrees that that the order
sucks that could be a thing too
I was just watching a champion review
but like I still kind of want to see it
because I kind of like me up on one of
the boring and I came here and we
actually did our we did our prereq thing
for hands of fate that's true that's
true
did you you haven't seen district 9 yet
though no you should see this written
item don't don't see chappie because the
parent it's getting mixed reviews TV
should not everyone agrees that's a
great movie fucking prompts fucking
fucking prong so you'll get that after
you see mr. fine okay okay yeah oh my
god Ritchie I guess I didn't even notice
your hairy chest is in the champion of
you my Harry Oh cuz I got the shirt comb
plink it is disheveled from this fart
it's the worst thing ever right yeah
fucking promise
no see it like mr. collision I think
district 9 is like district 9 is on the
nose but it's like they never there's a
difference between like if you look at
district 9 minute Liam there's a
difference between being on the nose and
hammering over hammering a point home so
if you look at district 9 in elysium
district 9 like has this overarching
like social commentary about apartheid
and like separation and what do you call
it when segregation mic has its
overarching theme of segregation right
because aliens land in South Africa and
they're quarantined in this one area and
you know they're treated terribly and
they're there it's it's it's like a big
deal and that that's the overarching
theme and they are on the knows about it
but it's never like it's never like no
one ever turns to camera and it's like
apartheid is bad whereas in Elysium
there are several moments of just like
you know the class structure is really
messed up so it's like there's a
difference between being on the nose and
and turning to camera to deliver your
message instead of letting the film play
out so did I not provide for I pronounce
right it's a part the part side
apartheid that thing in South Africa I'm
right I want to say it's apartheid but I
don't know I could I could be wrong I
lion up but also I and I think I've
talked about this in Jena I like to
listen him it was just it was just a
little too much on the nose but overall
I like to listen I'm a I'm Pro elysium
just that Matt Damon he know it is
apartheid okay yeah I don't print Oh
apparently there is a th but it's not
pronounce alright well thank you thank
you Jeff
oh that's that's Tjader 8.45 puts it
more succinctly which is there's a
difference between being on the nose and
punching a hole right through your face
absolutely absolutely Jada that's that's
the difference between district nine and
illicium you don't like Matt Damon Mario
Mario I like Matt Damon fine actor he's
a fine actor fine actor I really think
he's a fine actor does that Matt Damon
in alyssum yeah no I thought it was that
was Marky Mark no Marky Mark was in the
new Transformers okay okay
poor Marky Mark he's never gonna get
over being Marky Mark
should he in a perfect world now no he
will always do Marky Jack if there's one
thing you could do to make the gameplay
of the order better what would it be
okay
that's a good question enemy variety
funner weapons and yes I did say funner
funner
that's another to work that's a word uh
you know overall like the shooting
sections and this is a part that I cut
down a lot the shooting sections were
like what it which you you you called it
something very appropriate which was
like it was a shooting gallery well if
you if you take a game like if you take
a game like Gears of War you're running
all over the place you're trying to
flank the enemy you're finding cover and
all that like a big arena like a shooter
should have a big arena for you to play
in and the order you just stay in one
area pop out of cover and shoot for the
most part yeah yeah besides a couple
fights at the end that's the technically
it's the most sound thing to do is just
stay there pop-up
shoot back down back down yep never you
never really get flames you get those
shotgun guys who's suicidal you charge
at you know but other than that you
really they don't really try to flank
you the AI it is like stay behind their
cover and they pop out the shoot
yeah and so like without like changing
anything drastic with the game it's like
open up the arena fix the enemy AI so I
actually have to do something during the
gun battles now this is I think this is
because the shooting I don't know if we
made this clear enough that's only about
a quarter of the game yeah most of it is
the the pseudo interactive cutscene shit
camera slows down hit X then hit X then
he grabs a pan and swings it at somebody
or something and then you wait for the
next time a button prob comes up and
then the camera slows down then you
gotta hit that button and it's not I
didn't even want to call it a QuickTime
event because you know traditionally
historically a QuickTime event you at
least had to be it was like a reflex so
really some kind of game delay aspect to
it you at least had to be fast you have
to know the button layout to hit the
right button and hit it quickly they
give you all the time in the world just
to hit that X it's just sitting on the
screen generally generally in a system
off in a QuickTime event you need to hit
the button in a quick that's why I can't
I made sure to keep that part in where
you didn't have to hit the button in any
amount of time you just could wait there
the game is literally I mean it's
constantly it's it's waiting for you to
play it slow down to pretend to feel
like I'm playing it to imagine you're
playing the game when you're not playing
the game I hate it yeah you should hate
it but but so yeah like if if we could
fix the the shooting sections of it give
me an arena give me some enemy AI where
I feel like I need to move around a
little bit more that would be great like
like rich said let me use those awesome
weapons let me go away yeah for the
designated section o space Russians just
literally they microwaved San Francisco
space Russians space Russians that
sounds awesome I'm watching they
hijacked space station that's got like
some kind of microwave power things was
to beam energy from the Sun to earth
they they aimed it at San Francisco and
literally like putting everyone in San
Francisco on a microwave is what they
did yep so now we have to storm the
space station with the microwave rate oh
my god they're coming from the moon
who's coming from the moon is that the
Russian this is this is the u.s. we're
attack we're tank trying to retake the
microwave Space Station all right you of
course are wearing the experimental
super suit yes that's what I want that's
a game you are the only one right so the
order yeah right and so yeah like I'm
trying to think of practical ways like
practical and easy ways because it like
obviously is just like take out most of
the cutscenes and but like you know even
like with the game that we have give me
some better arenas and some better enemy
AI so I feel like I do need to like run
around and shoot people make shooting
people more satisfying ie giving me the
cool weapons that you only give me once
in the game and a lot not only do you
have to make it fun cuz it's not fun the
shooting but their nations their needs
relatively speaking there needs to be a
lot more of it like that should be it
should be a shooter game which mission
not nutty walk around while people talk
and wait to hit the square button when
the square button prompt comes up sure
so this cutscene will keep like oh
that's the whole game it is it is well
I'll walk a while and asks a good
question and I do want to bring this out
he says the order critique is a bit
overplayed isn't it it's such an easy
target we've got you know that game was
to fundamentally fraud to let that slide
it's 60
dollar a flagship title for the
PlayStation 4 yeah this is this is the
system seller you're looking at with
that look with the plate look what the
ps4 can do so yeah it deserves to be
slammed hard but also this is a this is
generally an issue with with rich and I
which is we rich and I don't get early
access to games for review purposes so
that means we had to buy the game when
it came out
do you know play it obviously which
fortunately for us did not take that
long yeah we were we weren't committed
by the time it became something of a
shitstorm right and so there's a
whipping boy yeah so we had already said
we're gonna do this and of course review
started coming out before we bought the
game and and so you know that's just one
of the issues with with rich and I the
order we're not we're not counting on
getting advanced great no not of any so
many properties here's so as a your town
is next says here's my question
did it really warrant a 30 plus minute
video to trash it and and my answer to
that is because we couldn't be the first
out of the gate I wanted to make sure we
were as thorough as possible also the
game has that many problems but good
that's really true by the way that's
really true I mean literally the stuff I
cut out was inconsequential at the end
but like that's how bad the game was is
yes it did warrant a review that long
and I wanted to make sure that if we
couldn't be like the review right when
the game came out that we were as
thorough as possible with a game that is
$60 and so yeah I do think that it's
warranted that and I think that
I don't know I'm really happy with
either of you turned out I'm really
happy with with the precise examples
that were given I don't know something
so obviously I think it's worth a
30-minute review I made the review you
have to be loud about a game like this
being fundamentally flawed because you
don't want people to make more games
like this you don't want more games that
aren't really games anymore yeah this
doesn't fly right no no this cannot fly
this cannot we cannot stand for games
like this this would this will this will
drag down the community in general this
game starts with like a 20-minute
cutscene but that honestly well she's
lovely but then there's like none for
the rest of the game okay okay there's
like a few brief ones they get they get
it all out of the way basically right
yeah so far have you played it all yet
or is this all been cut saying very
little very little be honest but after
this it's it's pure action Oh is there
where you can turn subtitles on oh I'll
do in the custody I don't see okay I
mean I don't know if you could pause
during over I don't know I might I might
end up skipping it I think you're just
trying to get me to skip the cutscene
that could be that could be it I refuse
to do it it's a matter of the principle
rich rich does not skip cutscenes does
not happen right so I'm sorry and yes I
see I see everyone in the chat asking
for for for subtitles which will turn
them rich do you think we're used as I
see someone asking the chat were you
satisfied with our district like I was
really satisfied with our discussion of
it that that gave me a lot of closure
were you satisfied with the destruction
of it yeah I mean III would like to
upload the full video of it just burning
sure because that was condensed a lot
yeah well you know again for time yeah
it burned for a while oh it burned for a
long time those those matches really
went up so yes I will be just putting up
Beyond on our YouTube channel beyond
edited version from the GoPro of it just
burning
those rich skip cutscenes in Mass Effect
3 I haven't played Mass Effect reasons
that came out so I skipped the whole
game right right Jack Illuminati
confirmed a lot of people like some
people mentioned the love of my my pizza
t-shirt which has an Illuminati symbol
on it that's my pizza t-shirt does it
got that eye in the pyramid thing yeah
yeah but that's odd that's like cutout
of a nother Tippa slice of pizza it's
pretty great I think that you still have
sub alerts turned off no I don't think
I'm here in the jet and I haven't seen
anybody so I've heard one earlier when I
accidentally started streaming for a bit
jerem I don't see any subs in the in the
channel and and I we haven't been
hearing them what the fuck's and I'm
sure it's ticked on rich nobody do rich
is it ticked on you and this happens
sometimes with twitch maybe what maybe
we'll get him in a couple hours like
we'll get like 20 oh my god you're
sliding look at that oh yeah that looks
awesome
subtitles Oh awesome this is awesome
this is a shooter you can only play it
with a controller and this game is so
good I deal with that yeah yeah alright
I'm gonna lean normally I'd find that
unplayable is this the ps3 exclusive
it's on the Xbox 360 - okay
I might have to borrow your ps3
oh so oxygen saying apparently subs are
happening but they're not even being
displayed in the chat really oh well I'm
we're trying if if you sub let us know
and well thank you I'm sorry about that
but this is a twitch thing right now and
let us know if you if you type in at
previously recorded interest or live
then we see we see that in there like a
black bar if you type at us and then
we'll see if you uh safety safety in
numbers thank you for subscribing I see
that you're saying dr. J that you did
we've really appreciate it we're very
sorry that that uh our sub alerts aren't
working mister glitch it's your four
month anniversary thank you for
subscribing yeah they're saying twitch
is being bucked today gorilla gorilla
dream thank you for subscribing we've
really appreciate it so who cares about
subs why is that important the subs make
this happen these subs are very
important we really do appreciate all of
your subs and we need to see the subs so
we can thank you all individually
hipster Superman thank you for
subscribing you very much appreciate it
microfiber militia I'm a mother that's a
great name it's a great name it's it's
microfiber militias 5-month the bursary
of really appreciated mr. glitchet full
month i see that crunky thank you for
subscribing we we really do all of your
support just it keeps us streaming every
every week and we really do appreciate
it
yep guerrilla dream thank you for
subscribing
Jean pecan
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Oh Billa hecka you'll renew next weekend
well thank you next week come on how do
you do I put it out it to tell you the
truth I just put it out of my head and I
just I just try to focus on you it's
tough though safety and numbness it's
only my two-month okay I'm sorry I'm me
remix thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated God fada 42 it's your
two-month anniversary thank you for
subscribing see here read rich rich
reads Stardust thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
drugs underscore there's nothing I could
do to convince you to subscribe if you
subscribe you get the feets are all by
your name and a thank you from us on you
you help this dream happen but it's your
choice
Omni remix its Omni remixes nine-month
Wow
thank you really do appreciate it baby
Slayer 156 first of all I mean how hard
is it to slay a baby come to think about
it they don't even move that much
leftover beefcake four-month anniversary
thank you for subscribing leftover
beefcake we really do appreciate it
let's see here bong Oh Doug its Bongo
Doug's six-month anniversary
sepharon said I subscribe like three
weeks ago but I did it a half an hour
before the stream started because
whatever well thank you anyway
sefa ran we appreciate it let's see here
ice ice bone badger is renewed now for
seven months we really appreciate it
you've been with us for a while where
does the money go the money the money
goes so like for example grandmom the
coulee wants to know like where all the
sub money goes we spend the sub money on
buying games obviously you guys know we
bought rich you know a gaming PC with
the sub money we the reason that he's
able to play this and stream this right
now is because of you guys yeah capture
the capture device like we we buy the
capture device we've but also like for
example like we bought the order for $60
and normally that's a game that we would
just return you know and use like in
store credits buy another game but fires
a gun fucking hell
but like because we have an income
because of twitch we made the decision
to you know burn the game best of the
worst style we bought all the matches we
and we bought you know glue sticks for
the glue gun you know we were able to
not have to worry about returning the
game for in-store credit because we knew
we had an income from you guys we're
able to do stuff with the channel
because of you so that's where that's
where the money's going oh no in
Alejandro's I have not had a chance yet
to to install the space cop spelunky mod
Alejandra's made us a space cop spunky
mod for us rich but it's it's yours it's
it's here as done yes and i we perhaps
Wednesday we will we will we'll play a
little space cops wonky
but you guys use the HD PVR 2 for HDMI
streaming yes that's what rich is using
right now he's using the Hauppauge HD
PVR 2 I also got the elgato HD kappa
device which for me I'm a Mac user and
so that works a little bit smoother with
the Mac operating system and also does
not require a power cord draws power
from the USB device and so it's a little
less a little less cords hanging around
but now we each have a capture device so
we can each play and stream and more
importantly capture games so
so it's all this kind of stuff it's all
this kind of stuff that you guys allow
us to do how come you never torment rich
on camera in prereq because that's not
our stick that's Mike Cystic Mike likes
to torment rich yes that's who your town
is Nick that's right it you're your
subscriber money will go towards new
GoPros when I burn mine we came very
close to burning it by the way that fire
set by ten thousand matches was a little
larger than I thought it would be but
now rich I don't you know I'm not into
the whole tormenting people for my
amusement thing that's that's Mike's
thing
Jack what video editor to use for prereq
videos they look sharper than other rlm
videos well hopefully Jay is listening I
use a premier I have the Adobe Creative
Cloud suite and J and Mike are still
using Final Cut 7 which is something we
talk about constantly but but we I mean
we all use the same cameras so the only
difference is in our editing software I
also I mean I do and I don't know if Jay
might do this I do spend time like color
correcting and making sure like my input
levels are good I spend you know because
I have the Creative Cloud I get to like
take my footage from Adobe Premiere and
take it over to Adobe SpeedGrade and do
like basic color Corrections make sure
that it's nice even lighting I end some
time working on that just because that's
stuff that I'm into and I don't know if
Jane might do that kind of stuff but I
appreciate it I appreciate you saying
that they look good I think they also
look good because of those sweet-ass
sets I think we should all take a moment
and thank rich for those sweet-ass sets
which were by the way something I was
against I was against those sets I need
time to get more variety I've been
working on like space cotton miniature
stuff lately and we need we need
different games we really do we do we do
but yeah the original plan was having
like six we can rotate from and I got
two to three and then it's you gotta
make this model they gotta need this
little spaceship I I really like it I'm
once you're done with the space cop
stuff we'll be able to meet you'll be
able to make more but I really like them
I think they turned out great
and I'm I'm absolutely okay
think admitting that I was 100% wrong
that we we should just have the studio
in the background that was my idea my
idea was to have like all of the 8-bit
characters there but instead of having
the screen have like just the the junk
in the studio in the background I
thought that would look cool and I was
absolutely wrong we do that on best of
the worst but you know it's too similar
ya know and you're right
you were absolutely right oh I agree we
knew we do need a Santa's we need a
samus we rich wants of Tetris I think a
Tetris would be great Tetris would be
fairly easy and I at least want more
setups quickly for now oh well you know
we were what we were just talking about
is making maybe some like original
Gameboy ones where they're like that
awful shade of green I think that would
be neat
dr. tallow says why do you never do wide
shots for prereq I will tell you that
originally we never did them because I
only had two cameras which is the
absolute truth
remember that brings the recorded is
only exists because you know red letter
media was looking for more content that
could be 100% produced without without J
or mine and so it was like okay I can
shoot them I only had two cameras and so
I was like well this is the two angles
and now we have the sets in such a way
where it's more conducive to just having
the two cameras and I do like the
back-and-forth I know a lot of people
want that two shot you know
and the night monster I said I'm seeing
the giant you just shot him in the dick
I got shot by a cannon what I want to go
to that gun okay I here's what here's
what I will tell you today rich I shot
the discussion for the next episode and
we did try out a third camera and I'm
making absolutely no guarantees that it
will appear in game or in game as I said
Oh God I make no guarantees that it will
appear in the actual video but we did we
did shoot from a third angle and we'll
see if it turns out I'm actually that's
what I'm doing right now I'm importing
all of the footage it takes it takes
about 45 minutes to an hour to ingest
and transcode oh fuck I can't use audio
cues for the cannon that's why I'm
getting it makes a noise I can't hear it
oh fuck oh fuck that's bad that's bad
that's bad you can do it pay attention
someone is asking how long does the
prereq set take to set up teardown oh
it's absolutely a while you know every
we have to put up the sheets put up each
individual character sound it's on a
little stand that we have to completely
move every single light in the studio
and that doesn't count like setting up
cameras setting up microphones it takes
a while to setup and teardown so we we
are constantly looking for ways to
streamline and we have gotten faster as
time has gone on we have definitely
gotten faster but it just takes a while
how is everybody not dead do you have a
timeframe for the next half Rebecca I
don't think no I know in the works there
is a best of the worse like in the Edit
works I don't know half the vein just
hand a half in the bag I was gonna say a
good one just come out today they either
mean prereq or or vest oh okay well if
it's best of the worse there's one
edited being edited right now pre for
prereq rich and I rich and I personally
and again there's absolutely no
guarantees but personally we want to get
one out every two weeks now yes sir
that's our delayed New Year's resolution
yes absolutely so we we have one you
know we have all the footage shot of the
next one which is great but it probably
won't be out for a couple weeks just
because we've just had two prereqs in a
row and so like look you know half the
bag came out let's get another best of
the worst out let's maybe get something
else out then another prereq and and so
hopefully rich and i can can get on an
official schedule which I would love I
love scheduling things
animus primal says Jack did you hire
rich for prereqs solely due to his
building capabilities absolutely I
didn't even know hire me right I didn't
even know rich liked video games I just
knew him as a set builder and as it
turns out after he was done building a
set one day we talked about video games
yeah they're few and far between yeah
Jack why is your mic muted when the
camera is on rich and vice versa can't
you mix the audio better first of all
the reason my mic is muted is because
I'm mixing the audio correctly the the
thing you need to know about the studio
is it's a giant metal box that has a ton
of echoes in it and so even though rich
and I are are you know each have our own
microphones there is a ton of echo in
the studio and so the reason my mic is
muted and you'll sometimes hear me kind
of like silently laughs when the cameras
on rich is because if my microphone was
on you'd also be hearing this awful echo
from rich talking and so it's the audio
I do really try to mix the audio so that
it is desirable and that's that's part
of it getting rid of that awful echoes
is a is actually like that's a really
hard part
it's the final thing I do in the Edit is
just like sweet in the audio so there
you go then go I wondered if you had two
cameras one one of you laughs over the
other talking it's so needed yeah that's
so yeah that's that's why that's why
because I want to get that echo out of
there
that's what I'm hoping for I'm hoping to
get rid of that echo and it's it's tough
to do audio mixing is a tough thing and
I'm not like necessarily an audio guy
I'm learning as I'm going it got a
little bit easier once we started using
the I have a zoom h6 which is super
great really really great standalone
audio mixer so rich in a-- and then it
automatically separates rich a nice
channel which makes it a lot easier for
post work but again we you know we we
try to make things better as we go along
you know what I'm doing Ritchie Jibran
how do boom mics work well rich and I
use loud mics we you know we have little
lavalier mics those tiny little
microphones that you see clipped to our
shirts and whatnot boom legs working in
about the same but it with a boom mic
it's a little more directional but you
need someone to hold it or I suppose we
could just that boom mic stands but then
if rich and I moved around a lot of mic
it was better for what we're doing
because it actually gets closer to our
mouth generally speaking for audio the
the key to any good audio is getting the
microphone the absolute closest to your
mouth that you can and so I forgot I was
asked ask Kennedy I'm sorry what rich he
hasn't asked kenick he shot he basically
he shot me up with his ass yeah purple
laser beam shoot out of his ass
and he was just fucking me up with those
that's great
Elvis does the h6 is a little overkill
for prereq but I also use it for live
mixing previously recorded live which
often times has three or more of us and
so like when when Jay and myself and
rich are in the studio we each can have
our own individual mic which i think is
very helpful and I also use it for my
other real projects I have like real
projects that's what I said that's fair
what I meant to is my business projects
like I use it as a standalone audio
recording device for my business
projects
he pooped a laser I'm watching a now
rich exactly exactly slice I'm like
audio proofing the studio would be great
and you know it's one of those things
that we are we are constantly looking
into ways to better and just you know
the the real thing with like one the
studio is big so there's no way we can
audio proof the whole thing and so then
you're looking at audio proofing like
tiny sections like like I saw in the
chats when I was mentioning like some
some sound absorbing blankets in a PVC
pipe frame but then the that's like more
things to move around every time and
then we're still working around lights
and camera it's it's it's big to do's
and the audio is just it hasn't been
that big of an issue like if we want to
get perfect we could but that would take
extra time and the more time and and
this is the real important thing to
remember that like for example rich and
I shot prereq today which means that we
had to set up the studio we had to set
up the cameras we had to set up the
lights we had to set up the audio
equipment then we had to and it was just
written ayah so then what would happen
is rich would sit down in one chair and
I would get the camera ready then rich
would move to the other chair while I
got the other camera ready then rich and
I were talking we would do audio so then
we would be in front of the camera with
no ones behind camera watching things do
our discussion and then we'd have to
tear everything down which is what we
did today
and so like adding up things like sound
dampening blankets is just more time we
need to take setting up stuff which
means that we're not getting the next
episode edited because then we have to
stop doing that I have to come here and
edit and rich needs to build more stuff
for space köppen for prereq you know
people think we don't do anything
because episode so come out once once a
day right right right
we do a lot of shit but we
have much help doing it and that's
that's part of the thing we're you know
a small production company working on
razor-thin profit margins where we just
have to we can we can't get helpers so
exactly that's and by the way all the
stuff we've been talking about is
exactly why you'll hear like weird
echoes in best of the worst and in half
in the bag it's just it's just a thing I
started throwing some like soundproofing
yeah yeah and I think that has helped I
definitely dangerous fucking work though
I really need a lift
obviously we can't afford a lift so I'm
on this like 15 foot ladder I'm near the
top and I'm reaching up as high as I can
to shove these planks with foam glued on
them up into our ceiling rafters right
yeah no and I think like in a perfect
world and I've seen some really neat
I've seen some really neat things as far
as like but like both lighting and audio
eyes there's some really cool things
that could be done but then also just
taking the time to like test things out
as time taking away from making the next
episode time taking away from you know
rich and I have to play all the games
that we talked about you know it's all
time it's all time
but that's fine and and you know I by
the way I I hope it doesn't sound like
I'm complaining because I really do
enjoy it I do enjoy it all there are
some things like you know if we could
ever get to the point where we could
hire a crew that put up and tear down
the set would be great but there's no
way I would ever complain because I do
enjoy I enjoyed coming all the time
about everything
I like you don't wait we can wheel gets
the grease I like I like coming to the
studio I'm talking to you about video
games that's fun okay and if I have to
you know if I have to set up a bunch of
Lights in a set to do that I think I can
do that no technically you could just
show up the studio and talk to me about
video games yeah I won't complain no I
would do that I'm because I'm a bit of a
I'm a bit of a of a workaholic so I I
like having two birds in one stone
exactly I like having an excuse to hang
out with my friends and watch movies an
excuse to hang out my friends and play
video games yeah I too was a bit
surprised by Jays anger in his last vlog
like he's really think that's what's
good for the vlog though is like Jays
getting a lot of this stuff out and
anyone who's not watching Jays daily
vlogs check them out I think they're
really insightful they're really great
how long we could gonna continue on this
farce jack everybody knows that Chey's
blogs are just limit amateurish their
voice he's a terrible no yeah I mean of
course he says crap just like everybody
else's say the crap what's on the ride I
don't give a shit yeah but it's chase my
friend and I don't give a shit what he
has to say about you don't think about
it all the time you hear it all the time
you know this is for the world oh shit
token rich this game looks awesome this
game is freakin amazing
I can't I can play this game at the same
time it's not going that's okay that's
okay algebra I just want to let you know
like it looks like you're a robot man
Rockets sliding over the place and
shooting people
this looks great you're right Jays blog
is the like I says Jays blog is more
controversial than prereq and it is
sometimes sometimes it is but you know
that's just Jay speaking from the heart
red leader 91 says Jack I wants to give
you something on Steam what's your email
how do I send it you can send it to me
or you can we have a prereq Steam
account which is previously recorded dot
r LM at gmail.com you can send it to
that Steam account we we happily take
game donations and gifts we like to be
like to have options of whilst streaming
Oh J's vlogs are the voice of a
generation you're absolutely right
overhaul we we wants to know if you guys
are actually ever going to watch nuki
you know we we have a big plan with all
the new key tapes we've we and we
actually do and I know like we the new
key tape thing has become a bit of a
joke but we actually have a plan for it
do we we've talked about different
things
I don't know that anything's concrete we
have a concrete plan the problem is we
just need like two or three more copies
of new key I I know what I want to do
and I know it's never going to happen so
I'm just not gonna talk about it I and
I'm like I want I I think you know what
I want to do too and it's gonna happen
oh then I can't talk about it because
it's too good of a it's too good of a
premise and I think we can't spoil the
premise Jack what do you tell your wife
when you're do you're doing when you
leave the house to drink beer and watch
bad movies I know I tell her I'm coming
to drink beer and watch bad movies and
she's a good wife tells her he's going
to play at his friend's house
by the time did I blow up the ship no I
dinner oh no way I did did I I think I
got it you time that right you can blow
up that ship with the barrel that's on
that that platform oh okay I think I'm
seeing El Cid oh yeah I see it now that
chip comes on ya know you know we we
also we schedule best of the worst and
so like I obviously make sure it's okay
that I can go and do stuff like that
Oh mr. Schine sales mr. shy smile says
it pleases me that you like this game at
it looks I mean I have not played this
game I did not have a ps3 and I didn't
get it when I add an Xbox 360 this looks
like a really fun game our most
underrated game ever made yeah yeah this
looks great and there's no there's no PC
port I I wish to God there were to play
this with a mouse they go to
self-destruct sometimes mode and they
they speed towards you and it's like an
instant death oh no shit I got it you
got me fucking delayed audio fucking
delayed audio bullshit I'm Cyrus you
gotta be you gotta be more vigilant yeah
I left over beefcake yes you can also
mail in games to the PIO box if you have
classic games or games on discs we will
we absolutely take those kind of those
kind of suggestions and we are more
likely to play something if we have a
physical copy or a digital copy if we
have a more likely we are far more
likely to play something we have no
right now we have no plan we have no
plans for a board game stream we we will
do one again because in general I think
we all had a good time shit but uh there
are no plans to do it just because that
you know
it takes a little bit longer to find
stuff like that there is a board game
that I just want rich to play in general
so perhaps we'll stream that one day
time Barron's but
