Episode 224
Vanquish - Half & a Hack (Part 4)
March 26, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOe00lVMF7M
___________________________________________

yeah kids like the hips and the hops
right wordham up III like Wernham up
that's a good one oh I'm trying to
pretend I'm an insider yeah I'm
absolutely and I said no I used to I
think about talk about design I used to
work before funnier died as a daily
video screen around watch every video
uploaded every day to try to find funny
user-generated content and I remember
seeing ninja sex party videos so I this
this is the thing I know I know on this
thing say goodbye to your legs kids do
like rap music I've heard that about
kids
both sigh guns are the coolest thing
watching he's missing a leg in her arm
that's great this gun does this gun
seems both wonderful and very
impractical like where does your ammo
come from future I want that other arm
no well let me take the other arm oh no
what if fuckin I'm just gonna shotgun
you to death
hmm so you get for not letting me cut
your arm off Jack Benny yes that's
exactly what drove me mad I've watched
and I would watch incredibly terrible
comedy videos all day long hundreds I
would watch hundreds of comedy videos
every single day to try to find quality
user-generated content and sometimes
they were good days and sometimes they
were bad days it was it was it was
interesting work I'll tell you that
Funny or Die has since gone oceans in
the direction you know this guy does
kind of look like chappy who the main
character if he had ears you know if he
had like the bunny ears he'd be had the
little champion he looks a little robot
it's like it's a guy in a robot's yeah
yeah yeah
I like this guy's design yeah I mean I
like robots in general I like that this
game has you haven't seen the one I'm
sorry but yeah oh you just saw it you
just saw the robot in the dick and I
like that oh oh oh like a scorpion robot
alright then he stands up but he uses
this like tail thing like a lance done
Lance one nice I like robots we need
more robots in games no we have to fight
generic dudes and green uniforms but
nothing out machine guns that's the
future that's the future just shade
fighting generic dudes with machine guns
no no this is what we need you need to
destroy robots piece by piece this game
had it right he does have bunny ears
champions bunny ears
but you've been in here here I'll perk
up I don't know let's see that's the
thing about like turd Ferguson saying we
need more Nazis and games like at least
like in games with Nazis maybe they
would have different uniforms maybe they
would have weird occultist weapons you
know or like fun you know like Nazis and
like Robo mecha suit steam-powered you
know like I like robots
I'm down with robots in general
I was all excited to see chappie and
then I was watching that half in the bag
I'm less excited to see Jennifer well
you still you still see chappie I
probably will still see it but I'll most
likely wait until it comes to some sort
of cheaper streaming service than going
to the theater which is a shame because
it's been a while since I've been to the
theater in general why don't you just
free watch short circuit why doesn't
everybody just rewatch short circuit I
mean we should do that anyway because I
you know seeing new things is always
exciting and like I said it's been a
while since I've just been to the
theater and I've just been looking for
an excuse to go to the movie theater and
there hasn't been a good excuse to go to
the movie theater in a while so I want
to use this bus saw a gun but I'm home I
got to to soft left just to it's not
gonna cut right i watch it fuck it we
gonna we got to move the street along
move along good one a ghost in goblins
you're totally right about about that
hand of fate thing that you just said
oh god no goblins yep ghosts and goblins
uh
what are you say about an to fate is
easy I'm not gonna say it out loud
because you know we just had our
discussion that the review will come on
okay okay I just want to let him know
he's on that trolley
what taco box what is my t-shirt circuit
to make you cry shirt circuit to is
crying mine I think that's why you think
it's so good that it makes him cry
remember at the end Johnny 5 you know I
remember oh yeah yeah Johnny 5 and his
punk rock outfit is like screaming down
a like a doc or something wasn't a doc
that's what it is so great this parts a
bitch this might be a death Oh
have you died yet oh yeah a few times
yeah much to my eternal champ okay
that's fine this is another I've gotten
this far without dying I usually die
here trying to I'm trying to remember if
I've ever made it past this part without
dying at least once
I've never timed myself with how long it
takes to edit an episode of prereq the
the last one was a little more intensive
I'd say maybe 20 20 hours maybe 20 30
hours this last one was definitely more
Mike I spent a lot of time trying to get
the pieces together and then you know
like the stupid title things honestly
like the longest part of the last
episode of was compiling every single
time we killed someone in that we're not
gonna kill anyone montage just like what
you know cuz he had to watch the entire
gameplay then cut out every time you
kill someone and then put it together
then you have to add the numbers and add
the little graphics and have a sound so
Mike that was actually really that was a
really time intensive part of the last
review by 2030 hours maybe and that
doesn't include any like that doesn't
include shooting it that doesn't include
ingesting footage that doesn't include
exporting exporting time like just
export like exporting it and uploading
it to YouTube takes four or five hours
by itself you fucker I know no and and
by the way I have decent uploads and I
know you're not talking about that I
know but I know that you know that I
know that you know but yeah like just
exporting and uploading takes so long
and I hate it
those little bastards
when we play a game for prereq do you
record the whole playthrough sometimes
like for example with the order because
they were so sure we got to record the
whole playthrough or sometimes we'll
just record like a five hour chunk and
then play it on our own and then if we
want to talk about something specific we
tried like we'll try to like rerecord
that specific moment but like for
example during our button prompt episode
rich brought up the thief series and a
specific thing that your character did
in thief three and so he went back and
recorded yeah you doing that so we would
have the footage but
have you ever watched team for sire no
no I have not uh so no we you know we we
just we don't record 100% of our
playthrough just because a lot of times
we're playing it by ourselves and you
know it's just it's just a lot of hard
drive space what do I do while I export
and upload well for this last episode
while I was expert like while I upload I
usually upload overnight like I'll
upload before I go to bed and by the
time I wake up it's there but I always
say a wake while it's exporting because
a lot of times there'll be a technical
problem while exporting and you'll have
to react sport it so I want to make sure
like we have a solid video before I
start uploading it so like while I was
exporting the last episode I was playing
panda faith which was great that was a
great thing to do because I could play
that I could play that on my laptop
while exporting on my main computer but
I don't like I don't do anything else on
my big computer while exporting I don't
want it like jinx it I don't want to I
don't want to accidentally mess
something up while making a big export
talking about talking to the the game no
I was wondering if I my rocket made it
into the the weak spot before the doors
closed
um ah no waste of rocket you only get
three of the time
[Laughter]
oh fuck would you upload those
playthroughs um I mean they're just
playthroughs yeah I'm always that
interesting now they mean it's not
permitted no so probably not something
interesting happens we use it yeah yeah
that's the thing
and so it's like that you know like
that's the devil when like when rich and
I were talking about like previously
recorded in general we we were mulling
over the idea of Let's Plays yeah
and in general decided against them like
I think like what we're doing here is
different because we're chatting with
you guys were just talking we're just
gibbering which is nice you guys give us
the things to jibber about which I
really appreciate and and then like
moving them to YouTube that there were
people wanted that people wanted to
watch him on YouTube because that was
their preferred watching thing so I did
that but so now like I don't think like
oh shit he's still alive
oh my god look at that that's awesome
like you shot out his leg so he's like
crawling on it oh yeah that's super
badass rich this game looks awesome this
game is awesome everybody needs to play
this game before they die yeah yeah it's
prerequisite a pre
yeah huh ah an echo bun
oh no NECA bun is hosting us sorry I
thought that was a new subscriber button
I mean echo bun thank you for hosting us
you have 10 viewers I don't understand
what that is why would anybody want to
watch this I think like he's I think
NECA bun is hosting us and then they can
have their own conversation in their own
I think that's the idea doesn't cost us
any money doesn't it's all that matters
it's all in there you think it's not my
money do you think that we get a
percentage of the ad revenue I gotta buy
my real katana blade to cut your head
off they're so cool you could you could
um I think you could defend yourself
against the home invaders with that you
ordered like it's like it's like more
good than bad in the order because it
looks good
I like the complaints it's fine it's
like a story can't bring can't
appreciate the boys the candidates can't
predict that's the real thing the real
thing
I don't get it oh my God look at this
enemy I only assume he's an enemy that's
the guy who was in that flying suit
earlier that was like a little mini boss
fight oh okay ghosts and goblins I'm not
the right person to ask about old-school
practical effects movie versus like
digital effects cuz I don't care that
much I do not care if a movie uses
practical effects I just want it to be a
good movie it's easy to use CGI bad
though it is because you can literally
do anything yes and so invariably they
do stupid things but CGI does not a bad
movie mate no no but it's frequently
used just just explosions all over the
place
agreed agreed when there whatever
there's a CGI character it's like
they're almost always like over animated
sure because the animators go I can
animate this let's let's go to work and
they're not trying to make it look
natural it's overly animated like like
in the prequel films in the Star Wars
prequels well those any CGI care like
ever all of the human beings under
George Lucas's direction are so fucking
stiff right and then any creature that
CGI just slinking around head is
paddling back into in front of the
camera as tongues shoot across the room
yeah but like those are like that's an
extreme that that's an extreme of the
spectrum and I think like like CGI is
not something that bothers me and so
like I said I think actually I've talked
about it I'm chat before which is like
like even a movie like Speed Racer I
really
enjoyed speed racer and that's I want to
say 100% green-screen like it's it's how
you use it and as long as it's a good
movie I think I don't the specific
question which was about Mad Max I just
realized I was walking when I have
rocket boots oh why am I not using my
fucking rocket boots oh oh we got some
people who got some shock mizuage with
our with our free protons damn it
whatever but in any case the specific
question was about the new Mad Max movie
and whether or not they would use
practical effects or if they would
prequel it I think they're those are
that you're taking an extreme view
ghosts and goblins we're you know just
it's gonna be a good movie it will
probably use some practical effects it
will probably use some CG effects and
hopefully it won't matter because it'll
just be fun to watch yeah die
yeah your fuck I took his legs off and
then his torso leapt at me and tried to
latch onto me oh that's my guess I just
shop I just shot an ally with us saw a
gun
unfortunately there's no friendly fire
he's fine everything's fine how are you
no I get it go sit down
you were just you were just giving us a
chat on I appreciate that
Speed Racer was better than the matrix
it goes I agree I agree but I'd like at
the same time I also think that the
Matrix sequels were exactly what the
white house keys intended them to be you
know if that makes any sense if I faked
the matrix one who is is a great
standalone movie and then they wanted to
just explore that universe more and I
didn't much care for it but I think that
they made what they meant oh you fucker
just died and you know I think I think
that's an extreme view where it's like
dismayed jack-jack fuck you fuck you I
think you're like but the real thing is
just right I get that Animatrix watch
those animated short matrix shorts
animated matrix in shorts those are
that's some good stuff there's some
really good stuff in the Animatrix
I still have not seen the the Michael
Bay produced Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles oh it's awful I will I'm going
to see nothing see I'm going to see it
it's going to happen one of these days I
have not done it yet because you want to
or because your kids no god no
they don't want it they don't want to
see it real told you that story like all
of the ugly ones yeah they see the DVD
cover like out when we're shopping and
what not and they're just like you why
do the turtles look so ugly and I say I
don't know fuck me good dammit god
dammit ah I got a runaway runaway go run
away I want to see it just because I'm
curious
but
you died already let's see that's an
important question and I have not seen
chapter yet so I cannot answer that but
do do everything is - deal
oh you were being dumb how's your big
dumb okay do you think Neil Blomkamp is
becoming the next M night Shyamalan I
think I think twist endings being
repeated is more obnoxious than themes
being repeated its twists cuz the twist
relies on the shock yeah and when you
know there's a twist coming it has no
value yes and his shtick is more like
like poverty bad thing bad right that's
that's not gonna it's not as bad as the
twist ending you know getting knowing
that twist endings coming knowing what
the theme of the movie is mmm-hmm
repeatedly yeah I mean I think Blomkamp
has a style and he like he has kind of
his worldview and he's a he's a South
African and so like like the the his
settings and the way he deals with like
the injustice is that he has seen is
going to like make his film come from a
certain perspective no matter what so I
don't think he'll fall into the M night
Shyamalan did you see that bullet go by
right in front of the camera and slo-mo
mode I think I'm gonna see it I think
I'm gonna see that was that was kind of
great I think I'm gonna see it right now
hold on it's really large in the frame
that's
I don't think we've gotten a and you're
in slow mo Mon now oh yeah oh that's
awesome that's uh Seneca is like like
shaman became a slave to the twist
ending yeah and that ended up like
ruining what would have been like half
half decent stories like not great
stories but like Heep tried to shoehorn
in twist endings and I think that
tainted him as a director and as a
writer whereas Blomkamp he had like his
one important thing to say and he tried
to tell it simply and it worked out
great with district 9 he then like I
have not seen his remake of the 18 did
you see that that was him that was him I
didn't know that and I'm Sam did you see
it no no no I never liked the 18 no so
he he did that and I haven't seen that I
enjoyed Elysium I thought it was coming
from his state his same kind of like
voice as a filmmaker and I would love to
see him grow I would love to see him
grow out of this voice or like refine it
in a better way but I don't know I
haven't seen champion obviously I
haven't heard great things but I'd I
would like to see what he does with an
alien movie give him a franchise give
him like a different way to tell his
story and I think it could be fine
the a-team was blond camp I wasn't it a
team was not Blomkamp wait a minute I
didn't think it was
Who am I think what am I thinking of I
don't know what the fuck you thinking of
I'm looking it up wasn't be anything
below me well I mean I'm I'm guessing if
you guys are telling me no the answer is
no oh my god not even close who's Shido
carrying what did he make the a-team the
a-team right the gray smokin II oh the
guy did smoke whatever fuck the mine
thinking out hold on I'm here at the
a-teams IMDb oh I got confused you know
what I'm thinking
in the eighteen sharked Oh
Coakley is in the eighty sure you're
gonna have somebody who these people are
Sharlto Copley is Murdock in the a-team
remake and he is the he's the lead actor
in district 9 so the the lead of
district 9 is Murdock to me a roommate
that I got confused
I have out days my bombs days everyone I
got confused paul Blart
blam cam clarke your god damn it a lot
now I might be getting I might be
getting vanquish fatigue oh sure sure
alright apologies everyone apologies
that was no no that's not enough Hey I
apologize and is not enough what are you
going to do to make it up to me to you
you have to make it up to everybody to
ever individually I mean besides giving
them their factual information of why I
made the mistake yes
oh by the way have you seen smoking Isis
that's a great movie Oh smokin aces nope
oh you should see smokin aces that's a
really fun movie
it's not about it's about different sets
of hit people trying to kill Jeremy
Piven based on the title I would have
said like stock car driving you're
smokin aces the way I'll make it up for
you to tell everyone they should see
smokin aces it's a super great movies
jack has to pay playing text adventure
games no you know smokin aces was a good
thing smokin aces is a super fun movie
it's like an action movie it's about
like several sets of hitmen all trying
to kill the same person with their own
unique style really fun and Ryan
Reynolds is the star of it and I like
that Ryan Reynolds I think he's a neat
dude I need do or do you think he's an
attractive to each other I think be
honest be honest one
I think Ryan Reynolds is an attractive
dude too I enjoy his acting I enjoy his
acting as the smarmy cock short dude
he's the dude ever dude wants to be that
that Ryan Reynolds I enjoy him on
ironically
jack has to get a tattoo on his head
that says god bless I am to be right
where would be where would we be without
IMDB what fun would life be what fun
would life be without IMDB I would Ryan
his Reynolds man I am a fan of my notes
in general one night I have not seen it
happen to one night I'd like I enjoy
wrong times I don't I don't see the knot
I am on when it comes to movies I'm an
omnivore I will watch anything and enjoy
anything
oh these guys
[Laughter]
I'm kind of the rocket beetles yep
I'm not doing so high here I'm not I'm
not making this look graceful right now
that makes me sad it looks it should
look graceful damn it well you know
that's what you're hoping for but it
this looks like this looks like a fun
time this is one of my favorite shooters
of all time
all right I'm down I put this up there
with like doom and whatnot hmm yeah
you're right zip Powers like Chris Pratt
is that dude right now like Chris Pratt
is is like Ryan Reynolds five years ago
he's that dude that every dude wants to
be a little bit funny a little bit
handsome a little bit little bit smarmy
and a little bit of an asshole but he
makes it work because he met you know
he's got a good heart absolutely
like Gosling wishes he was Chris Pratt
right now Gosling doesn't have the
comedy to be like that lovable he's just
he's like Gosling is is better-looking
but you know he doesn't have that he
doesn't have that thing that makes it
okay to be a dick you know yes check
please tell us about who's the better
looking dude you know I can't help it
that the dudes look so good rich I can't
help that there's nothing I can do to
make the dudes not look so good they'll
just look like dudes to me I don't know
what looks good
that's a lie you know who looks good
it's okay to say nothing wrong with
saying that dude looks good no comment
yeah no comment I got drilled punched by
the way you're exactly right Mario Mario
like my virus is Jack I'm waiting for
your wife to pop back in we were
watching while we were watching the
other day we were watching like The
Hunger Games and The Hunger Games has
that not Thor but Thor's little brother
like Chris Hemsworth is Thor right and
Chris Hemsworth's little brothers Liam
Hemsworth who is in The Hunger Games
Movies both very attractive dudes and we
were talking you know we got to talking
about attractive Doozers and about like
these two brothers very tracker dudes
like wouldn't it be like funny of their
parents were like you know weird-looking
or I wonder if they have like a brother
who is just normal looking and not crazy
handsome like they both are when that'd
be silly and listen you know there's
nothing nothing wrong we're saying
people are good-looking
some people are good-looking the
Hemsworth's good-looking
was this game reviewed by you out in
games yeah because I wanted people to
know about this game
I didn't hear about it until I was like
your old something weird like that cuz
nobody talked about this game oh it
makes no sense to me this stuff isn't
caviar the caviar of games yeah you
don't find the Hemsworth's attractive at
all oh man both OH
why should I I'm dig it just kick that
robot in the face cuz why not you're
talking about good-looking dudes I'm
gonna kick a robot in the face you're
talking about good-looking dudes it's
all I can think about is kicking robots
in the face it's just like to me The
Hunger Games was full it's full of
good-looking dudes
and my my thought was like you know
Hunger Games is generally for a female
audience you know young young girl you
know going through the trials and
tribulations and so they want to fill it
with good looking dudes and I was like
you know they got Jennifer Lawrence to
me Jennifer Lawrence is in I don't find
her necessarily like hot you know I
don't get it
with her and so you know there there
aren't a lot of there's not a lot of
there's not a lot of eye candy for me in
The Hunger Games I'm okay with the
movies but not a lot of eye candy I'm
like like the ladies gets my candy you
know your ladies I would expect them to
get eye candy well it's a movie for
everyone that that skews towards the
female audience someone in the chat is
asking where I heard about this game
just I don't even remember what the fuck
I was searching for say I saw a YouTube
video that had had gameplay footage of
this I'm like I have to do this why am I
not doing this mmm I went out and I got
the game immediately if not sooner
oh it's great
the hell I thought I don't know space
c'mon I'm just jabbering this is what
happens when you jibber for four hours
straight
this is we just so tired I just yeah I
done there's a lot of ladies that I
found attractive I'm reading
Jayla isn't one of them and that's okay
I but you know what I think she's a fine
actress have you seen any of the Hunger
Games Movies rich no okay I know I know
Karen's a fan of the books yeah so is
Lisa Lisa really likes the books and so
far I've been kind of like the first two
movies were like all right very
middle-of-the-road sci-fi dystopia kind
of stuff like I've been okay with all of
them not not either way finally in this
movie the third movie which is like the
first part of the ending finally our
main character has an arc oh really yes
in the first two movies Katniss Katniss
Jennifer Lawrence's character has no
control over what's happening around her
and like it doesn't seem to affect the
plot in any way I'll try finally in this
movie she's doing something that's like
oh this damn good so if you can make it
throw and like the first two are fine
they're fine movies I think but but like
finally this one she's doing stuff that
like affects the plot it's nice catnip
oh you know what you can do in this game
what light up a cigarette for wife or
wife because they're robots and and they
targeted the heat from the cigarette so
it's a momentary distraction alright so
there's actually a game play function -
smoking that's really funny
you can only do it like I think three
times per level
are you gonna do that fucking super
missile three times in a row three that
things like instant death you get him by
that biscuit was just running up and
down the stairs I just heard I don't
know if you guys are then that's why
you're asking about biscuit but he was
just running up and down this there's
like a crazy can well that's a good
cause someone is asking if we would ever
do something like if someone donated a
certain amount of money like a message
would pop up okay like they would write
a message and donating that messenger
pop up on screen the answer is
absolutely not because you don't know
what you're going yeah I can agree with
that and I don't care if you donated you
know like we we already we put up with
that a little bit with with people
subscribing and having comical
subscriber names but no I'm not going to
uh I don't I don't think we want to
clutter the screen with that kind of
messages as well so no probably not a
good idea I'm probably not gonna yeah
when am I going to post a photo of you
when you had a rat tab oh I would have
to find that phone I don't know I don't
know if that photo exists I'm sure it's
around here somewhere I I understand I
have to dig out my high school yearbook
photo now oh you do you do we we have
reached a set number of subscribers here
on Twitch and so we will be posting to
Twitter as soon as rich finds it a photo
of rich Evans from high school it's not
that exciting but I'm glad to do it you
this is what you have promised rich yeah
you brought this up and so we we have
hit that subscriber goal and we are we
are now going to post a picture of rich
Evans from high school and you know if
we hit another arbitrary goal maybe I'll
find a picture of me with a rat tail
it'll be great
it'll be it will be great
yeah those like the pop-up messages
I'm sure like I'm sure there would be
some comedy to be had with it and you
know it of course it's you know it's
another way for people to help donate
but like I I would be cut like one you
know we already have the the pop-ups for
these subscribers which you know again
we really appreciate but like some
people some people get annoyed by those
and some people do get annoyed by those
and so like I don't want it to be a
constant thing and like when you're
subscribing we generally I know there
are some joke subscribers but like
generally like it we hope that it's
people who want to continue watching the
show and who are supporting continuing
watching the show whereas like a
one-time donation it would be too easy
for someone just to like make a joke
statement so like that's that's kind of
the difference in my mind so like we we
were trying to encourage you guys to
keep coming back and watching because we
like putting out this kind of content we
hope you enjoy it so gives us an excuse
to play video games together it's it's
really great it's really this is this is
rich evans version of multiplayer gaming
all my bullets out of bullets fuck
yeah
yeah that's the point is more is you
make more money but people trawl exactly
in the dense it's not worth it to me I
suppose I guess that's the real that's
the real down-home like I'm sure the
extra money would be great fun now the
the extra the extra pop ups and the
possibility of people just saying awful
awful things unedited that's you know
that's not worth it's me for fracture
income
see that's baiting you're saying like
what's the worst game you two have
played so far and you know the answer to
that I think they want to compare the
aliens isolation to the ordinal sure as
I said earlier in the stream there's
there's very different types of problems
aliens alien isolation there's not
enough game for a full game that game
should have been four hours long yeah
and a nostalgia trip the order is just a
complete conceptual failure I would
never want to play anything even like
like I can't suggest how you could fix
it because I don't think it should have
been made in the first place
hitting X to continue the story is not a
game it's not fun that's not something I
want to do ever ever ate a version of
alien isolation if you made a version of
alien isolation that was four hours long
cut down cut down a whole bunch of stuff
and and possibly like got rid of the the
door opening madness I can't get up
there to get that upgrade cube fuck
there there some salvageable aspects to
alien isolation as you know we don't
think that they implemented though
salvageable aspects but alien isolation
could have been could be something good
there was some fun in there and they
decided not to use any of it whereas the
order there was nothing there was
nothing but there was nothing but
promises that they never fulfilled utter
utter garbage the order
I am weary I know you get like you
obviously everyone who's here knows our
gripes with both of those games so we're
not gonna go and delve into a too deep
but different problems one is worse
except for the dick punches you're right
the differences are great dick punches
were selfish for differences if it was
an entire game of dick fighters then
maybe we'd have something maybe I I
might just just just purely as a novelty
I would buy a game that's nothing to
people taking turns punching each other
in the dick Parcher puncher power times
Nutcracker maybe they'd like that's it
like different the different combos make
you punch the other person in the nut
slightly different load the game be even
like the timing and hitting the button
you have like the meter going back and
forth or something you have to have some
way to determine like the strength of
your hit well you know it'd be a two
players be a multiplayer game have you
ever played divekick no the dive kick is
like a deceptively simple fighting game
oh wait literally you can only do two
things like you can you can jump or you
can kick okay and but like the way in
which you do so determines whether
you're attacking or blocking okay and so
that would be dick puncher is like you
have to choose whether you're punching
or blocking and so it's like a strategy
game to try to get the other person not
to block so you can punch and while
you're punching you have to watch out
cuz they can also punch okay so oh was
it going on 12 I forget I keep
forgetting about daylight savings it is
it is past midnight oh wow wow yes yes
employ a little bit longer the
simplicity is not deceptive well it's no
what I meant is like it's it's
simplistic but it's deceptively
complicated like be the the strategy in
with the simple controls is what's
deceptive about it
so that's that's what it would be also
yes make everyone n mean it doesn't
really matter cuz we all have phones now
and tell time through our phones but it
is it is midnight now because we're on
daylight savings times now we are no
longer in standard Sentra we are no
longer in Central Standard Time we are
in central Daylight Savings Time we
should just get rid of daylight savings
I mean it's fucking useless it is I
agree
it just it creates it creates needless
chaos and confusion twice a year okay
you know what I agree but all we can do
is complain about it for now until we
become so powerful that we can control
this kind of thing so maybe another four
months I think why is it maintained
status quo the people who run this sort
of thing think that it would cause more
harm to change it than the harm it
causes it being around that's bullshit
because everybody complains about it
exactly and so all it would take like it
should we just need someone with the
authority to be like this is what's
happening and then it will happen and
everyone will complain about it when it
happens what I'm so used to setting my
clocks or what it's so dark now and I'm
not used to it being dark now or it's
not dark now and I'm used to it being
dark now and then after after a year of
people complaining everyone will forget
about it and everything will be great
yeah yeah if you want to send us links
to articles about why we should ditch it
yeah do that yeah do that down I'm down
you know ruff Macmillan Terry that's
Betsy your sidekick is in this game
ruff Nick military but that's fine
because this is a fun action game so
what you're saying is this game is full
of cliched characters but they have some
fun with it
yes that's why it's okay these are space
communists attacking microwave satellite
with robots and it's done in a light and
fun way this is everything about this is
appropriate yes
rich is playing this game on a
Playstation 3 by the way for those
asking
I don't know if it was farmers that
initiated daylight's a myth but I think
it might be a myth there might be
another reason well it was like it was
initially for like salvaging candle
usage right where they wanted to squeeze
more daylight hours out of work time and
so what's something like that yeah
that's the idea so I don't think it was
farmers actually I think it was City
doors because farmers don't care about
like salvaging work hours they get up on
the Sun gets up but like people who are
in stores and businesses they they have
to care about lighting it it's them damn
city folks or the Illuminati so you step
in my shotgun stop you're right I'm a
farmer a biologist absolutely
you know what
there's a new bebop and rocksteady is
that in the the Nickelodeon animated or
is there one in the movie I know the
animator I know there was plans for Oh
apparently someone who's asking if I've
seen I have not seen that yet I'm not up
on the most current
Nickelodeon Ninja Turtles but you know
might be good I don't know I got it all
backwards just like with the a-team I
didn't get the 18 100% backwards a main
player in district 9 was also in the
a-team I just you know I just I got
someone who was involved in the making
of district 9 was also involved in the
making of the a-team so that's getting
it somewhat right I just mixed up who
was you who do I mixed up who to do
sometimes you sometime to who do you you
know I'm saying yeah I think I think I'm
about done let's let's reason because
that last sentence was the gibbering of
a madman let's be done yeah yeah any any
any last questions or whatnot could get
out of the way now now's your time yeah
speak now forever hold your peace Brad
curb I am home that's fine
yeah they got nothing all right all
right good night everybody
fun tall oh hey John B 820 just
subscribe thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
thank you to John ba 20 all the new
subscribers all the old subscribers and
thank you everyone else for coming out
we really do appreciate it and and look
out tomorrow you might that next picture
of you might just be out tomorrow jack
up this time mr. Jack you've gone too
far you know what I'm going to have to
shoot you now no I'm going to have to
shoot you
I'm pulling out my gun right now oh no
this little this is a little square
button prompt I just had to had to press
that to to to pull back the hammer to
cock the gun I've seen I've seen some
terrible things in my endless days is
alike in goodbye
