Episode 069
Homeward for WHAT!?! (Part 1)
March 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWYfC6oEBEQ
___________________________________________

homeworld for what deep doo-doo for what
doo-doo-doo-doo
homeworld for what are we really
streaming cuz I just was the singing
homeworld for what great yes you are
seeing for no Rousseau wasn't singing
for no reason
that's true game is pretty loud in my
head set the game down how's the audio
what everything everybody how's everyone
done you're playing game it's true we're
playing a game we're playing homeworld
remastered collection it's working no
good beep that beep boop it's just a
great song good audio oh my god Oh
enriched thought he was testing audio
doing a recording he actually was
streaming for like a minute and a half
on Sunday it was hilarious of course I'm
still not getting anything but other
people say they're seeing something so
great welcome to the Wednesday night
stream rich is gonna play homeworld
remastered I'm going to see homeworld
remastered for the first time to confirm
my suspicions that this is not a game
that I would generally I think that's
what I'm assuming
JJ just said hi bye JJ's jilted you all
pretty much pretty much heard you were
here and he left the room yeah happily I
think he was just coming in to jibber
for a little bit but apparently he has
some more work to do so that's okay my
voice I am slightly sick
not not anything terrible but I'm that
I'm that stage of like a coffee cold
where my voice is becoming a little
deeper or than normal and I'm getting a
little raspy ER right now I should
record a jazz song because I get that
nice timbre I am starting game do you
like that okay game.js here
JC her days working he's gonna come in a
little bit know more about either so you
know what I should check first there's
subtitles in whole long I never I have
never seen home world before this is
something there's the thing about home
world right okay I'm gonna be terrible
at this game I've said this before
uh-huh I played home world when it came
out and I love everything about whole
world except for the type of game it is
because I've never been a big fan of
real-time strategy okay but you like
everything else about I I love story but
I hate real-time strategy look there are
some dos nice
rich is playing an RTS Barry hey I'm
gonna be that guy thank you for
subscribing very much appreciate my
where's Mike he couldn't he couldn't
make the last eighty two streams really
yeah he keeps the he's ki keeps saying
he's gonna be here deep inside no he
usually you're singing stone Jim Messina
thank you for subscribing very much
appreciated MC Lucas has been with us -
no mine was etched a galactic map game
audio is tend a single word more ancient
on the clans themselves humberto Cabbage
Patch thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I'm gonna try
to get I'm taking it a little slower
than I normally would just cuz my voice
is
and I feel like the plans were uniting
like that's a massive colony ship
clothes designer construction would take
six time you know so camber patch was
was for at least yesterday
$28,000 plans Bill Kurtis I don't know
it would demand new technologies new
industries and new sacrifices the
greatest of these was made by the
highest Karen suggests who had Jack is
not really integrated into the colony
Shattuck it's nothing at home when
you're sick
she there's no commands literally poison
that's it the promise of a got stoned
Frank knighted the entire population not
to drink boys every mind became focused
on the true origin of our people every
effort on the construction of the ship
well it was a circuit that could be fun
but among the stars it's not happening
tonight
I did have an energy drink before we
started so you might there's a small
possibility that you might get
slap-happy Jack but there's really no
guarantee right now caffeine is just
keeping me away
scaffold controlled standing by all
fishes great how long is this movie
right I don't environment reverses
integer I don't care if degree I don't
care see the problem is we have to turn
down the game volume so they can't hear
us
my problem is not from a cutscene
perspective it's from a production
perspective well right now the game is
really loud this is the moment I know
I'm telling worried about you shame your
social status what can end online
research a lot of Muslims in the
cutscene construction online
cryogenic subsections even you say sup
take us all right now I didn't buy any
control stand by for my walk
yes to line the concern absolutely and
diabetes people
all caliper things
yeah
warriorship looks great
glorious Julian timid like I said they
can't kill other shit let's clear this
gap for all the better for them to enjoy
looking at this beautiful ship it does
look great
you know it looks great
oh that's a good question rich when do
they start fighting the Halos they you
fight the Halos
in the space games fight the Halos yeah
stand by for command-line testers do you
fight a halo halo man like green and if
you plead it's like an ancient
okay now can you turn down the damn boy
turn it all down yeah yeah would be okay
here we go making it happen
Oh in halo you halo with a halo gotcha
Frosty's snooze now this does not sound
any quieter man thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
is it quieter to the judge that's a
question my headphones for some reason
it sounds identical nothing's changed
we're gonna see where the fourth I don't
know it's not that I can't sit through
cutscenes like I said I was just worried
about you
gibbering for you guys and you guys
hearing us seven of Borgnine we very
much appreciated also old Pete thank you
for subscribing both of you for the past
four months very much appreciate it
sergeant
they're saying it's there's no change
there's no change in the real thing
that's crazy
change something here oh now it's quite
can I change the resolution because this
monitor is cutting off important H HUD
elements I can't see things look on so I
need to fix this before we go I'm
probably need to fix that in like your
monitor settings okay now it sounds good
gotcha
apparently once you've clicked out of
the menu it changed the volume okay
that's weird why would they design it
that way
well because you have to probably it the
accept button alright it's not letting
me change the fucking resolute vs.
alright we're gonna fix this in whatever
you have to make a change on the damn TV
I don't think you can change it and I
mean maybe I have no idea how do I use
this TV what I can't use the TV why
can't I use the TV is there thing for
aspect ratio on here yeah where I don't
know here where what's going on
I don't know right no I have not played
hotline Miami 2 yet I am looking forward
to I really enjoyed the first hotline
Miami
Oh pea-sized that's even worse yeah this
is something
oh this yes yes there we go yes Jack did
it Jack fixed it I'm the master of
clickers ah yes that did it perfectly
oh great I could see everything on the
screen just to click the P size until it
says fit the pea size there's a little
button at the bottom here that says pea
size that means picture size oh yeah
pretty good
dildo Calrissian formation thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it also butch
Deloria thank you for subscribing we do
really appreciate it five months in a
row now this is like other other than
playing a few of the stages when I first
got it this is like my first time
playing homeworld in grape in ten years
I wasn't good at it I wasn't good at
this game to begin with uh-huh so this
is going to be just horribly
embarrassing
excellent that's the most fun for me
because usually I embarrass myself
when we play these kinds of video games
crow T robot thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it how do i
watch this goddamn thing what are you
talking about you watching this is what
you do i we will talk about Apple logics
Justin Horan Horan ZAR Justin hormon
thank you for subscribing
just in horror of a man thank you Chris
that's good here's what here's what I
want to say about Apple watches Richy
have you been paying attention to the
Apple watch thing it's exactly so Apple
had its big sales pitch they have two
big sales pitches a year one a sweet web
developers conference and one was just
this was like basically saying what what
we're working on over here at Apple and
so this was like for it so for anyone
who isn't an incredibly big Apple fanboy
like I am you know you watch this thing
live and ready and they they give a
presentation on what Apple is working on
but we can expect new products coming
out new software updates it's really
it's a really awful nerdy fun time and
the big thing that Apple has been
working on is the Apple watch which is
like it's like that gets like a like a
gadget launch you know like a smartphone
on your watch like a Dick Tracy like a
Dick Tracy watch absolutely and so it
has apps you know you can get
notifications on your watch you can text
it seems stupid because the screen would
be way too small to be useful yeah
absolutely
screens pretty small but it's also like
a like a health monitor it can like
track your heart rate even it can even
track your heart rate like it it can
take your pulse has a lot of really cool
features to it until we we go to the
prices of the Apple oh yeah so remember
it's like a tiny cell phone except for
you know like no camera on it and
the cheapest model ez bed is 350 dollars
for the screen on your wrist
that's not stupid it sounds incredibly
slow exactly would you want to go back
there well it's just and you know I I
have some friends who have liked the
pebble which is a was a kick-started
SmartWatch that like works with all
sorts of phone has like a ink on it and
they they seem to enjoy it
but to me it's like lifting up your hand
to look at your watch why not just look
at your phone why not just get your
phone out of your pocket yeah it's it
and I'm not a watch person in general I
hate things
but yeah watches always made my my bro
so yeah I always hated that I agree I
agree I've decided I just don't like
things on my skin and so maybe it's
because I'm not a watch person but also
three hundred and fifty dollars for
something that you're gonna bang around
that you're gonna lose that you're gonna
scratch up that's gonna be obsolete in a
year you know but so that's just the
introductory price with with an aluminum
case then you go to the steel case and
it starts at five hundred dollars oh my
god just for a different case no rich
we're not done yet
Apple is manufacturing in limited
quantities in gold
i watch okay and you know how much that
is going to go really yes
I'm not joking with you at all I'm very
proud of myself Ruth happen just by
happenstance for being right for
thinking that this is ridiculous
ten thousand dollars Gold's expensive
gold is expenses expenses Gothas
expenses that's the thing and if you
have an iPhone already what's the point
of the damn watch all its gonna all the
watch is gonna do is make it more
difficult to like if you get a text
right you can see it on your watch which
is nice it's like oh look I can see it
on my watch and the watch has Siri and
so if you wanted to you could talk to
your watch band dog and be like oh yeah
you know like yeah you get a message and
saying you know pick up eggs and you can
say oh no problem and it'll text back
but who uses Siri like that anyway day
to day I use Siri a lot like if I'm
driving I'll have Sierra get me
directions return texts I use Siri but I
would never like if I was like at the
grocery store I would never like talk to
my phone if I wasn't having a
conversation with someone yeah so I
would certainly not talk to a watch it
seems ridiculous
I've never used a sir you've never used
this area I used to it's quite nice it's
quite nice I'm just getting into it
recently I was on a long drive you know
what's nice look at that look at that
gorgeous fucking spaceship that is nice
look at that look at that's woman it's a
spaceship Jack yeah built the spaceship
the old congratulations little tugboat
that's quite enough Pro but it's gonna
take that probing and bring back my
mothership I like it I like his little
his little engine sound that's cute I
think that's cute
Jack: Uh, turn up for what? Hello.
Jay: What just happened?
Jack: I just said hello.
Rich: I don't know.
Jack: I just wanted you to talk so I could yell hello.
Jay: Oh. Hey everybody. I'm here, too.
Jack: And he seems so excited.
Jay: I'm just in the middle of typing.
Rich: He's so sad to be here.
Jay: Why would I be s-, I don't have to be here.
Jack: Jay, there's spaceships.
I just had to well don't know I just
wanted you to talk so I could get a
level oh hey everybody I'm here to and
he seems so excited I would have he said
I don't have to be here J their
spaceships like just in general I mean I
know it exists no their spaceships on
the TV they look pretty cool and one day
in the middle of their giant desert they
discover a a long ancient crashed
spaceship and they believe they didn't
originally into that planet there
there's something they have some other
whole world out there the galaxy mm-hmm
so they build this giant mothership and
they're going to look for their real
home they're gonna look for their
gunshot fade to black
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it also Art
Crime two nine nine nine
thank you for subscribing we really do
appreciate it
so you were talking about
oh no I haven't paid I don't care about
the stupid I watch so I usually watch
those Apple Keynote seven watch the new
one yeah I don't care about the I know
it just seems it seems like a step or
two backwards it's 100 look we're past
this but by the way you know what you
can do so something really neat about
the watch I never I would never ever get
a watch I'm gonna say that right now so
you're not gonna get an Apple watch and
I don't recommend that anyone does it
right so one of the neat features is you
know take it could take your pulse it
can like read your blood pressure oh
okay
which is great and then it also has
hectic feedback and so instead of
getting like a ring notification it'll
tap you okay and what you can do and I
don't know how this is they plan on this
being useful you can tap messages to
other people that seems like five steps
backwards it's like Morse code right
isn't that crazy
yeah why can't you just speak the
message into the watch you can you came
assuming you can do that yeah then why
bother with the stop bullshit
okay this is what I'm saying yeah this
one it's crazy it's it's dumb and crazy
and I don't understand the things I'm
hearing and then they announced their
new MacBook their MacBook Air oh it has
like one port right it ever seems like
the dumbest thing so you can't charge it
while like hooking an external hard
drive or something and do you need an
adapter but those no no remember most
people though don't mean external hard
drives anymore sure but I mean anything
you want to plug in you can't do that in
charger you need to plug in it I don't
know whatever no you know still plug
things in I don't think so I don't think
they should I guess that's kind of what
Apple's trying to get their new laptop
has one return torn space and assistant
no no USB ports they have the new USBC
port oh that seems like a pain in the
ass because a lot of old shit still uses
USB adapters to bind so be a transition
but you only got you only got one
fucking slot for all that shit
with that you don't need it anymore the
majority of people don't need the point
I think most people do still sure I
think they're jumping the gun a little
especially yes you got a person to the
heart right though you're not gonna have
us fast a connection speed with wireless
I don't think oh sure at this point it
has wireless connections are super fast
nowadays and getting rid of the ports
means getting rid of a ton of internal
shit like the the entire everything of
this computer is like this family yeah
that's about the size of barium and so
they've just filled the entire body with
battery okay and like they've made it
they they made like a special tapered
battery so so it's like 100 percent of
the inside is filled with either battery
or the banana sized internal components
it's crazy okay but it's incredibly like
it's not as powerful it's like not a
step up in Peyer it's just a step up in
like famous lightness and battery come
on
but Jack it's dinner is sure I don't
give a fuck about the fitness yeah I've
never had any use for a MacBook anyway
it's like I have a regular computer for
editing and doing all that stuff and if
I want something portable I have an iPad
Lee yeah that's all I need sure don't
even need those really cuz I got a phone
definitely don't need a watch that is
less useful than iPhone
but you can see kids with all their
gadgets you can send a message from your
watch to someone's iPad and they could
reply on their iPhone to your other life
and maybe this is true these are things
you can do
oh that's true
the the one really neat thing about the
new MacBook no fans oh I've got no
moving parts whatsoever solid-state hard
drives ok yeah ok but the real thing
about the keynote was they're new
the and I'm surprised this hasn't been
like a bigger world news Apple is
hooking up with major medical
researchers to incorporate the medical
data you can put into your phone and
have special medical apps for research
purposes ok so like their example was
like a Parkinson's test made by you know
Parkinson's Foundation where everyone in
the world who has an iPhone can take
this test for free and give them a
million for research see that's where
interesting to me but I think the the
common person I just want to know if
it's lighter and thinner yes perplexed
ape thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do but like
they kicked off the key numbers with
this whole like a medical research stuff
and I was like this is fascinating
they're talking about life like we can
cure diseases perhaps and I've won it's
open source anyone can develop and you
know get gathered data oh every was
doing something
source yeah that's kind of different for
that it is Wow it's really different but
it's a big deal huh yeah no people don't
care about shit like that it's a trap
what colors did this thing to do Oh
MacBook come in how do they have colors
yet they do it comes in gold space Oh
seriously
Oh God Gold's faith grain white see
that's more important than any sort of
but more importantly the watch is also
coming Branko ready and you can change
the bands I miss the old IMAX were they
were like big and clunky and neon color
they kind of look like wonky light bulb
they look like pairs that didn't grow
quite right they were transparent so you
can see the guts Oh sir kindy says he
just got an iPhone 6 plus and regret
every moment of it
oh that's too big is that oh is the 6
plus the big family family you know why
cuz it sounds
what the fuck space vagrant thank you
for subscribing we very
do we I do do we I do i do i don't know
about you i think o is not the size you
don't mind the size circuit so do you
have a problem with yeah that's great
cuz i OS great phablet sounds like an
overweight hobbit or something
absolutely what about second breakfast
oh you're such a phablet elevenses what
are all their meals yeah
oh it's his first iphone experience oh
it takes an adjustment but once you get
used to it it's it's pretty useful
pretty great you'll get used to it it's
fantastic no rich he'll never get used
to it yes we're going to go back to his
Nokia brick phone is a device that I
used to text people I'm not browsing the
fucking Internet my god damn phone
well that's you though yeah I use it for
work I keep track of stats and data bad
things with molecular structures and I'm
just going to already darkness there for
a second no reason do you have the
YouTube creator app really I just
started playing the road that I was like
this is a thing yeah I can approve
comments on my phone yeah it's great
because I have to do that because of you
breaking out the big guns yeah no no I
enjoyed them all oh not the moment I'll
join them all come on I hate them all I
went to the mall the other day for the
first time in forever yeah it's just the
worst you know you have to it's like
Dawn of the Dead where it's just people
wandering around like zombies they're
completely unaware of their surroundings
and they're always in your way
that's true it's like the grocery store
is the same thing you have to go with
the plan you never it doesn't matter if
you have a plan you have to maneuver
around all these idiots
no I'm saying this for the idiots okay
whether it's the mall of the grocery
store you go in with a plan no they
don't and that's the problem you will
never find people more unaware of their
surroundings than at the grocery store
they're staring off at nothing in their
carts right in the middle of the aisle
so you can't get around them on either
side they move super slow and they're
staring at the ceiling they're always
just like looking up
it's the worst can we know the grocery
store is the worst yes okay yeah you go
wrong that time that's not no one's
there all the people that are there and
you know what they get shit done
oh they have to walk their job
well I'm gonna go across the street shop
there then and why me I'm like I like
these here fuck out of here I'm rich if
we know people have that attitude gonna
be I'm gonna under play them under pay
employee am I supposed to give a fuck
what you think
today I finally got around to watching
Black Mirror oh yeah and I have to say
that pigfucker episode it was great yes
start with a bunch starting the show off
with a bang gets your attention much
late I couldn't like I took me a while
to watch more episodes after that that
was just too intense I like that kind of
thing so now Pig fucking intense things
like movies or TV shows they're intense
just to clarify what everybody's
thinking now but then oh but also I was
like really disappointed because there
was there seemed to be no technology
elements to that episode not so much
with that one I mean it's like they
upload the thing to you too sure but
there's uh yeah not as much in that one
is later episode yeah as soon as we
eventually at least and I like fucking
given another chance maybe this one
won't have a big fun this one won't end
with a marriage completely falling apart
because a guy fucked a pig boy oh shit
yeah I guess we gave away the ending
whatever you know what don't watch that
one first watch the second episode first
the second episode so great is the
second one would be the eye implant
thing no that's the third one that's
great that's that one's probably one of
my favorite that one's brother the
second ones with the people who ride oh
good yeah that one's really good too um
it's like amazing like this is the show
that I signed up for where does this
fucking pig fucker coming so start with
the second episode that's what I'm
saying yeah yeah that third episode is
so good
is what it is the elk 801 thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it but yeah that
that I implants everything is recorded
the premise is and just perfectly
executed to care for her well and it's
so like what I like about it is that
it's showing this technology that could
potentially exist someday and what
happens is exactly what would happen
absolutely everybody would lose their
fucking minds because they would want to
know what their their significant other
is doing all the time no and then like
his character you know he's a lawyer and
he everything he does is so strategic
and by the book where he's like he is a
fucking lawyer yeah like this episode
was written by a lawyer yeah you know
when you said this let me just clarify
your statement is like beautiful what
Erica here is is press B to dick punch
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it also vodka
gimlets
thank you for subscribing the last eight
months now we very much appreciate you
style units press beat and dick punch
yeah the the x-factor like episode with
the guy in the cubicle how many of you
watch no just the one just up to the eye
break they're all good I really got a
bad in a seconds lunch well that's a
great episode but it's a great if so I
just I don't know if I could ever
marriage ended I mean he saved a guy he
had to fuck dude he saved someone yeah
but he fucked a pig and well more
importantly the wife told him not to
fuck to be my wife wanted somebody to
die yeah she's terrible person and he's
better off without
G shots thank you for subscribing well
this is a terrible thing all around for
everybody it's true but the wife should
really be more understanding really the
husband is a hero you know that it's a
horribly awkward way to be a hero that's
easy to say rich when you're not in
position where someone you love has to
fuck a pig and it's not just that he has
a fucking pig he had to fuck a pig to
his completion yes because you know like
they had all these specifically about
you you know porn in the background they
did like you know I got you're not
thinking of the pig well he also rich he
was just a glorified flashlight at that
point a big mirage he also had to do
this on live television okay so it
wasn't just like in a private room
somewhere like the entire cup you know
everybody was seeing this on TV just the
world know that a life was at stake
yes yes okay okay I think you're way too
nice I think I think if this really
happened yeah thank God it hasn't but if
this were to really happen I think
people would understand all this poor
man is being forced to do it oh sure no
and again we've already spoiled episode
we have orally spoiled the episode after
he fucks the pig everyone loves him yeah
except for his wife who told him not to
fuck a pig yeah it's it's uh it's so
well done mmm-hmm except for it's
incredibly nauseating yep yep they film
a like simulated pig fuckin for the
episode there was a little pig there I
mean and him humping something I'm just
I'm sure they found a way to do it was
tastefully done as far as Pig fucking
goes I wonder if the creators of twitch
ever thought their platform would be
used for a discussion about pig fuck
what a world what a world and then the
moral of the story is watch black mirror
maybe skip the pig fucking episode
because then it gets into the sci-fi
stuff yeah the fun technology stuff yeah
yeah there's apparently a Christmas
episode that is not on Netflix
oh that aired somewhat recently like Jon
Hamm is in it I guess oh cool I don't
know where you can see that one yet like
they've done and what oh is that a
tractor beam yes I'm telling them to
garden to show everybody to move this
ship to salvage this one this looks
really great
I love aspects of it right everyone's
saying don't skip the pigfucker episode
right no reasons for saying not to watch
it or not that it's a bad episode no I'm
saying it's a little too in town it's a
great herb it sounds like a fascinating
premise it is and it's plank it's not
played like for humor and like it's
played like if this were to really
happen and that's what the whole show is
what is the motivation behind it well
but it's it's a little more spoilers
well I mean it doesn't matter this one
it's left up in the air but apparently
it was a modern art project that's
terrible yeah yeah and the guy who
orchestrated it gave away everything I'm
sorry to anyone that was looking forward
to watching it is the only fucking watch
it's good it's really good I haven't
seen it but I kind of want to know you
should you should you should watch it
it's a good show black mirror black near
it's a Netflix
there's only six episodes but they're
all like and they're so well done like
they all feel like then production
quality wise like movies oh it all
really really well put together
absolutely
I'm absolutely speaking of production
quality I don't think either of you will
care about this but I'm gonna talk about
it okay
PlayStation has recently decided that
they're going to get into the original
content game TV show oh oh you said game
and I thought PlayStation is like what
does that mean well so Sony's making
original TV shows that air on
PlayStation Network okay and are free to
watch for PlayStation Plus members I
have a PlayStation Plus members and so I
was really excited about their first
your PlayStation Plus members I think so
I thought I said member but it's quite
possible that I misspoke and so maybe
I'm multiple people Oh original content
the original content the first show
they're making is powers which is based
off of a comic book I've heard of this
comic a friend of mine is a big fan of
it it's really it's a good series really
good series um I really enjoyed the
writer he does a lot of great stuff it's
it's a really fun there's books about
the superhero love division of a
superpower and stuff
one of the ugliest shows I've ever seen
overtly everything is a cheaper set than
space cop or green screen oh no really
that bad huh oh my god it looked awful
oh wow and like there you know like it
doesn't have huge names but like sharlto
copley is the star okay he's champion
he's jabbing tapi he sees chappie he's
in district 9 he's in Elysium he's
Murdock in the know it's it's just it's
they fucked it all up
it's really awful they messed up the
basic premise which is like it's it's a
cop drama like yeah cop drama we're
superheroes
boom simply are they not straight-up at
that being the stories they're not
straight-up adapting the stories they're
not it so not only does it look ugly but
they've rewritten it to the point where
it sucks yeah oh no yeah it's really oh
yeah if you're gonna start doing like
original content you got to start off
you know good wouldn't you think Yahoo
screen is picking up community
oh that's already an established show
it's a good show so yes start with
something the erotic mr. rose thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciated
and it's you know it's it's it's nerd
Tim so Sony had the right idea like ooh
well-known indie comic yeah critically
acclaimed Kylie even I've heard of it in
the superhero genre superheroes are so
hot right that's true so we'll do like
superheroes but gritty a horrible glory
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it but yeah it's
terrible it's really really terrible mmm
that's too bad but I do recommend
everyone you pick up those power books
they're great like they fucked up the
books start with the city's most beloved
superhero being brutally murdered the
greatest superhero ever
is murdered and so it's like it starts
on a real note and you can just tell
like everyone loves or everyone's
devastated then she's a good one god
this one now she still how long has this
been airing it's one episode so far in
the first episode is so they're not
releasing them all at once like Netflix
those first episode came out yesterday
I'm sorry for your loss Oh our three
episodes now available I just saw the
one and also the way that Sony is
handling this on their device so like
you know Netflix you want to watch
something right what do you have to do
to watch something on Netflix music
gonna Netflix yeah and then like why you
click on something you get to watch it
like right away yeah isn't that great
it's very convenient
that's super I think it's the reason
that Netflix is as popular as it is sure
because they make what they make
watching your thing really easy yeah so
do you know how you need to launch the
Sony original programming
how's that you need to download it no
God really yeah you need to go into one
app download it then go into go out of
that ass go into a separate app of your
video app open it up and watch it really
you sure there's not a another way to do
this oh my god awful
oh that sounds awful
well someone saying they streamed it
Jack who's streaming it cinnamon
cinnamon I wasn't able to stream it how
you use treatment idea I wasn't able to
streaming I had to download it mmm how
would you tell me how if you can stream
it my ability to stream it was not it
was not presented okay and you know me
I'm incredibly dumb I needed to be laid
out in very simple terms I even a big
old dummy can figure out Netflix yes a
picture of the thing you want to watch
you click the ok button boom
I thought you could stream any video you
started downloading yeah but you have to
download it first
I did go through them well I went yeah
went to the Vita story not the ps4 store
because I can watch it on my video
maybe that's the problem but this is the
this was the ideas on PlayStation yeah I
can access netflix on my phone how you
watch the bad show it's still bad is of
no consequence it's a very bad shit it's
very are you are you shocked that's bad
you know companies trying to make a TV
show that's a console exclusive but
there now I'm Sony is also a movie
company they have resources Brian
Michael Bendis the writer is on as
producer he's a great writer know the
writer of the comic the writer the comic
he might have written the show I don't
know maybe you can't write for TV but he
you know he's involved I'm not a
production on a creative
yeah so I don't know if I'm surprised
that's that's the question I'm
disappointed some really really
well-executed content made for streaming
services now yeah that's like sand you
know
Amazon's got some good stuff I haven't
watched a lot of it but I know something
that's good yeah so yeah I mean that's
kind of where things are heading towards
a little surprising that's something
that should be looking would pop up if
you're trying to jump start your own
original content you gotta make it good
yeah it's a weird it's a weird I even
lost my train of thought
completely I'm trying to get it back
when are you in a space battle yes
awesome
this looks like a game I want to play if
I really enjoy all the vets in space
that's right Showtime and HBO are
starting their own standalone streaming
service Oh a new HBO is I ain't heard
Showtime is Jovan's as well
HBO that'll be the death blow to cable
absolutely
well no no that won't be the death blow
if if ever
ESPN decides our legacy I mean I know
yes the sports are popular is that and
like the sports package are the big
that's true those are yeah a man cave
woman well even when I had it I didn't
watch it because my roommate wanted it I
haven't had any use for cable in like a
decade all right cat though dare hoonjae
thank you for 6 panic but you know like
HBO now that's the extreme in service
yeah and if you love that game of
Thrones you and those other original
shows they do that I don't know what
they are if you're a fan of those I'm
sure sure like you know 10 give me 10
yeah that's what I'm used to I'm used to
ten yeah no all your all your content is
gonna be all the cart and I love that I
think that's great yeah I would love to
subscribe to you know give me Cartoon
Network and Comedy Central that's on one
HBO girl oh that's right yeah well no
HBO Go is already an app yeah no this
will be a completely he says it's called
the HBO now yeah
HBO Go is already a map that you can get
anywhere but HBO now is also exclusive
or limit limited exclusivity to the
Apple TV oh really
yeah okay so little I'm sure it'll
expand of course what is it it's not
available yet is it okay I don't think
it started yet what's a full okay are
they oh they said it would be ready for
when Game of Thrones sounds okay makes
sense to launch it right when your most
popular show begins again and watch all
their servers fry
I don't watch enough TV shows where I
think I would need any like I don't I
don't watch anything on HBO or Showtime
for me personally I don't think I
wouldn't use any of these services but
no I think it's great that they're
available but like my evil companies
just gouge everybody you know Showtime
hit Dexter but can't watch any HBO shit
on Netflix so if you want HBO stuff then
that makes sense what I'm saying like
when it was only like do you want to see
the newest episode of Dexter I guess I'm
not that invested in shows like I wait
till it's all available then I'll just
watch it you know I got like Bates Motel
but I've never had any like urge where I
need to watch it every week when it's on
its way till it's on Netflix and I watch
the whole season in like two days right
right like it's just it's a strange
price point I know that was a big thing
when WWE oh yeah they were the first big
one to do all right they're the first
big one ten bucks a month that's that's
the price you know yeah that's the price
and people are loving it but the
president it's a nebulous thing like
there's no standard right you know now
people are associate in Bucks because W
WWE did it sure so now they just assume
everyone will do ten bucks a precedent
it's it's worth whatever people are
willing to pay for it so if HBO wants to
gamble on 15 bucks son maybe don't pay
out sure well and of course they're
still making money from cable
subscriptions like they have that wiggle
room where in a year they can be like
and now it's ten bucks a month yeah
Shakalaka
why would it be any different online
well I don't know and it's it's all of
their program like all all their pasts
programming all the MOOC ons all over
there
all of their everything I mean they have
perversions of science Tales from the
Crypt if they have Tales from the Crypt
I might be more interested that's great
if it's yeah if it's like old stuff like
that like that Tales from the Crypt
dream on like all that old stuff I would
be interested in that well you know and
they said this during the presentation
they said all content it's the past
president future would be a minion so
but that could have just been you know
marketing talk sharing because if it's
everything like I would be way more
interested I'm trying to remember if it
was HBO or Showtime had in the 90s a
series or like I think it aired either
Friday night or Saturday night it was a
movie a mate for cable movie that was a
remake of an old Roger Corman movie okay
and every week it was a different one so
they did like Bucket of Blood they did
the wasp woman they had a whole series
of them moving and some were pretty
entertaining and they're not available
anywhere I think there's like some
shitty copies on YouTube or something
but oh sure whoever had that they
remember they will save money I don't
heard was HBO or Showtime but one of
them did and it was great
so if shit like that becomes available
that'll be amazing the B movie channel
It's Showtime B is what it's gone the
Showtime B for Bowman someone needs to
make yeah a streaming service that just
does everything that I personally want
to see sure shitty remakes of old Roger
Corman movies and Tales from the Crypt
bad boy yep I would love to see old
Tales from the Crypt episode yeah
they're on DVD but a show of 40 that
gets pricey and who wants to put your
change in disc get out of here with that
I want to push a button I want to see
the picture of the thing I want to watch
and push a button I understand
J flicks Netflix yeah someone make J
flicks Showtime thank you hum-hum
two-bit bill for whatever your name is
thank you it was show time
okay okay I'm Dib blip Hama did blufor
comedy Lafleur blah blah blah no I think
dick flicks is like a porn site they're
saying they shouldn't they need to make
a rich base Netflix called dick flick
simplex but I think that's a thing
already I'm sure it is I'm not gonna go
I don't want that anywhere my Google you
even in private mode you don't want to I
want to Google dick tricks
do you buy movies on streaming services
even if you own a physical copy
I do only if it's some sort of upgrade
if it's like a movie that was only
released on DVD but there's an HD
version digitally I might get bad I no
longer buy physical things every 801
thank you for subscribing
I very much appreciate these past four
months I still buy VHS tapes
well I buy be adjusted no I'll buy I'll
buy DVDs if they're old and out of print
there's no other version of it available
anywhere or I'll buy like collector's
editions at night you know like scream
factory style for Criterion things like
that if some sort of if it's just the
movie
I'll just get a digital copy oh oh I did
mrs. subscribe I'm sorry the gentle bhai
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it sorry for
missing you
so would my oughtta be what my
autobiography be called
prat film Pratt field it could be you
want to write it you want to start
writing your autobiography oh yeah
there's no like dick flicks let's try it
a couple some got a funny name and sure
didn't really fit for the film print
fail the story of rich Evans the story
of dick the birthday boy all right
oh my mission objectives are done but
I'm mining all these fucking resources
oh god shit it's gonna take a while
fuckin which by the way that picture of
you went viral again which one
take the birthday boy again again where
is it now it was on the front page of
him you this morning
okay are we getting any credit for that
oh they're just yeah don't even taking
credit for my picture of me well you
know people pose like what's this weird
picture and people in the comments are
like the 9gag one kind of annoyed me
where they put their fucking watermark
on oh yes fuck you this comes from 9gag
and nowhere else take that shit off of
there oh that's better
rich Evans dicking around I like Bret
failed
digging around fine no offense all right
what's the deal with 9gag oh the riches
dick the birthday boy picture went viral
again oh yeah I'm sure injure em Gert
mmm car and apparently rich was saying
that nine gay put a watermark on the
picture oh really I think they did I
want to see the workers basically them
taking a piss on it yeah this is mine no
bullshit someone took some video we made
I don't even reach one it was and they
embedded it unlike their player on their
side
was that was college sure wasn't it
that's right it was college humor
what video was it was it you reacting to
the Star Wars trailer no no it was
earlier than that okay well I thought
wasn't it your Prometheus video your I
want to see there's more recent
questions but I remember this a while
ago well maybe it's happened more than
one study I mean I remember you had to
email them to take that down yeah oh
yeah I know and it doesn't fucking
matter cuz they'll they'll what do you
call it
shuffle their feet mmm and they'll do it
really slowly and they'll get all that
ad revenue the Dickens brings and what's
the fuck do they need to do that for
they got a person because they can get
away with it
sorry Jack who what bring knives to gun
fights just for subscribing I would
wanted let us know you appreciate it
that's good that's right Kyle chamber
was freebooting Ireland a free boot a
lot but they also make some good stuff
some good stuff do they that could be
this rebooting that's the term for
taking other people's material and just
posting it yes
that's bullshit that's my official
stance on freebooting that's bullshit
it's bullshit it's taking taking your
video or picture or whatever I'm putting
it on your site so you get the Enderman
yeah specifically it was about internet
videos and then you know putting them on
your own server and whatnot that was the
original context the thing is with like
college humor though they upload so much
shit and it's like it's popular for a
day and then it just gets buried yeah
it's like it's not really it's not
affecting us that much it's more just
annoying that they would do it you know
well it is affecting you though because
like they're they're sitting there
themselves up as the aggregator as the
content provider sure and where it's
like if it was if it was like just a
YouTube clip you would get that ad
revenue right no they embedded in their
player and then they get that yeah and
so so it is harming you because all the
views they get on their players that's
money out of your pocket yeah I mean I
know it's not that much money but that's
that's my thing is it's for me it's more
annoying it's less about that and more
just the fact that they're stealing
other people's
that bothers me well but like it's not
just like money out of your pocket
that's also potential subscribers that's
potentially and that that's a big deal
yeah that was fuckers those fuckers
except for the people who make music
videos without music I think though
that's a really funny series I haven't
seen it's they just take music videos
and they're like adding all like Foley
sound effects and take-out although I
mean they have seen that it's really
enjoyable mmm mostly because music
videos are basically a lot of people
grunt here I was talking about
Prometheus that's right you're clear and
it's still there it's still on their
site oh really
is it well it's the title the video is
red letter media talked about Prometheus
so at least there's that
sure name in the title yeah but it's
still on their player by the way really
really yep it has invented it has a link
to YouTube but that is still there
player yeah well they have a link to our
YouTube channel to sure so I don't know
I mean it still sucks but but maybe they
added that the the link to the YouTube
channel
after I emailed them that could be I'm
pretty sure I emailed them those I feel
like it was something more recent that I
contacted them about but I don't know oh
you know what I think it was the
watching all three Transformers movies
at one sure sure might not have been
CollegeHumor it might have been someone
else but it was another situation like
that apparently like local news
organizations do this a lot oh sure
the I the term freebooting came from
CGP grey and the guy who does a group of
YouTube videos called number file and he
he does a lot of like math and viral ask
math content and he kept complaining
about like new local news sources taking
his video is eric i producer I need
these views yeah Wow local news they
desperate to remain relevant how about
oh the kids love that torrenting lets us
do that numberphile is great yeah I
enjoy a lot of his stuff for his
computer final series is very nice too I
subscribe to them yeah I do too you know
what
I do too hey man that CGP grey just had
a really great
