Episode 071
Homeward for WHAT!?! (Part 3)
April 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsCgXXImsOo
___________________________________________

I'm up did you see shoot him up uh yeah
cheater most fun it's very self-aware I
would believe it yeah that's what it
looks like that's they have a boy maybe
kills a guy with uh with a carrot in the
opening scene in the movie no and yeah
there's a shootout well yeah yes
protective baby you know that's not
children of man is it am i confusing
movies I mean that happened the children
a man he has a baby yeah well no they
doesn't have a baby in children man oh
no no see now I'm getting the two movies
confused or milk live odors right first
of all tired and sad thank you for
subscribing we really much appreciate it
I've heard great things and I love Clive
Owen so I'm shocked that I haven't seen
it she drew up so watching yeah you know
what what turned me off is I ran out of
steam for Paul Giamatti really yeah he's
a good actor yeah not in the amazing
spider-man 2 but in general he is well I
don't know I just
he was he was everywhere at the time or
not everywhere what there was something
whereas I called you my dad oh he's good
and I never got around to it
Oh Emery ADA want to ask a very
important question
he says Jack the wise and sexy how long
have you been shaving your head I am
slowly losing my hair should I try
shaving it all up yeah you can see video
proof of me with hair it's like the
first best of the worst that I did oh
yeah I have hair and it looks weird
so how long have we been doing best to
the worst
like a year and a half so I've been
shaving it for about a year and a half
and or maybe maybe closer to two years
though either right something only got
between a year and a half and two years
yes and I love it and I've never once
regretted it I think I look
significantly better and all of the bald
men who I have conversed with about
shaving all agree shavings way to go
yeah
or you know what you know you should try
it just gonna really show
it depends on how far your receding I
think like I had the full crown okay I
was to that point where I needed to do
something different I couldn't I
couldn't just grow it on the sides my
head shape is that it worked for me I
think your head shape does play into it
it does some people have weird head
shapes some people are just freaks
there's them totally fucked up hats if
you have a totally fucked up pad don't
shave it that's my advice
yeah sure oh that's right oh I have a
long hair in the episode of one review
oh yeah yeah that was like like feeding
frenzy around that same time right oh
yeah if you guys want to see some really
weird look up the feeding frenzy behind
the scene features yeah you have really
long hair and I have really long hair
and a giant beard mm-hmm that's that was
really strange times it's hard for me to
look back on that it's really really
strange and no I don't use shampoo I I
shave it and then I wash my head with
soap that makes sense because I don't
need shampoo yeah because it you shampoo
to wash your hair was you're into hair
yeah so your hair no I keep thinking
about bringing back the beard and I
think it would look too weird with the
shaved head yeah yeah no but about like
a goatee
I can't pull off a goatee no I think I
have like a long head okay you could do
a good see I think I think my long head
would make it look weird okay this is it
yeah we're going shave now I can't do
both you don't think that's true
yeah I would look like Charlie Brown
yeah that's true
I would look exactly like my baby
picture it's true
thank you beats a dream pizza train says
speaking as a lady the bald head is a
vast improvement there's a lady
there's no ladies used to believe this
but but yes I have because you know two
bald men who shave their head get
together it comes up what kind of razor
do you use how many times are we a good
kind
what's your aftershave situation like
that's the biggest thing I go through
aftershave like nobody's business
we need to shave everything yeah and you
rub all the grub goo all over everything
so you talk about this and everyone's
like man I of course it looks great you
go full Picard I did I googled it when I
was thinking about ways to deal with my
balding this oh yeah cuz I mean listen
I'm bald
you know I'm bald bald and so I started
googling like hairstyles for balding men
and one of them was just like go full
Picard yeah I use it I don't know what
that means I get Harry's harrys.com they
send me raises in the mail it's like
dollar shave club but it's harrys.com I
don't know if there's a difference
between that's it that's all I got
that's all I need
oh no Amory you said that you were going
bald you can't be unless you're a lady
going bald
I thought Emory you were talking to me
as a bald man if you're a bald lady I
don't shave your head - I say shaven do
it women can pull off the shaved head
look Sigourney Weaver did it yeah she
looks great in alien 3 Natalie Portman
did it Danni Portman dude she looks
great she looks great yeah that um the
lady from the Guardians oh yeah Karen
Gillan she well she has all sorts of
shit like did you know there have you
seen pictures of her out of makeup and
yeah oh I want to say she was at Comic
Con with the with the like okay
yeah reckless reckless thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it I thought
there was more to the nail like what
with Weka lists like reckless but with a
if you have a speech impediment reckless
I suppose it's w EK less reckless you're
being a widow work with if that's you
know that is that's baby police
commissioner I need your badge and gun
you're being a widow wek with you're a
loose cannon but you get results oh yeah
and Charlize Theron is bald in the new
Mad Max movie there you go done hello
ass oh thank you for subscribing we're
very much appreciated
and Hathaway another lady with who
shaved your head when she shaving right
before I don't know they're just saying
things and I'm agreeing with it doesn't
matter about your hair this is all we're
saying it matters you think to a certain
extent I don't care okay I would I would
not recommend shaving your head if
you're not going bald I by the way
they're they're people that just shave
their head in general it's like enjoy it
while you have it cuz you probably will
lose it eventually that's my number one
I know people who just buzz their head
completely down yeah and I have a full
luxurious head of hair it's like oh
you're wasting it yeah you you are
slapping me in the face I don't get that
choice yeah yeah it doesn't matter to me
but I'm a bald man you shouldn't listen
to me no one listens to bald man but
that's why you shave cuz once you shave
your whole head its impute it's it's
empowering you do it you're owning it
you're owning it I understand Oh Jack
you have a lion's brain but I have a
lion's mane that stings
gets me right here right in the
crocodile heart yeah see like I think
Bruce Willis is actually balding so he
just went full yeah fuck it yeah
he didn't do what your Volta did and get
like weird I didn't even if that's a wig
or what the fuck's going on with his
head how weird is that it's it's very
bizarre looking he looks like a like a
like a monster and everyone knows and he
knows everyone right I think so like he
took that picture with that guy ed tune
the gym at 2:00 in the morning
sure well there's nothing was going bald
though know what I mean he's but he did
have his wig on look up the picture look
up that picture he's been yeah oh that's
right now I remember it I can picture it
he has been seen in public without his
man wig yet he insists on wearing it out
to events yeah yeah look at this picture
like yeah there's nothing there
yeah but then he puts on this like a
special hat yeah that's a good way to
put it
well that's that's him getting caught in
public and some guy wanting to take us
up but if you're a famous person you're
going out in public you have to expect
that that might happen that someone
might want their picture taken with you
even if it is 3:00 in the morning and
you have ulterior motives but yeah and
then you know like a particular bar in
Los Angeles because once Travolta got
caught like like kind of hinting at gay
sex he realized the guy wasn't
interested it was already an awkward
situation it's true refusing to take the
picture with him could have just made it
more awkward yeah so oh yeah y'all took
pictures but then you know what I'm not
gay yeah and this picture is like a
month before the Oscars and he seen at
the Oscars and he looks completely
different but then you go out and you
wear a hat to the gym like know if
that's your thing
yeah you wear the hat Oh crazy people
Oh Oh crazy Scientologists isn't it
crazy when the crazy people like crazy
it's crazy yes John Travolta goes to the
gym at 3 a.m. for a reason to get a good
workout yeah at quiet hours as I'm sure
he lives in a small apartment complex
that doesn't have a gym I'm sure yeah
you know and so he likes to go to the
public gym and very odd hours when not a
lot of people will be there so you can
get a workout in peace oh well thank you
for telling us waffle tale thank you for
subscribing oh waffled
oh excuse me a waffle towel your tail is
seems to be shaped like a waffle they
appreciated Association allegedly I
don't have to say allegedly this isn't a
news program and there's nothing alleged
about him going to the gym right like he
was there we haven't said anything that
happened that's that and I and I've said
repeatedly that he was there for a quiet
workout and nothing else
rlm fan from India oh thank you for
subscribing also thank you for joining
us from very far away yeah unless it's
like India Kentucky right that's
something that someone from Indiana
would do I'm sure you've been through
Indiana maybe it's you won't recognize
it it's it's Indiana you know what it is
it's a it's a very lovely highway they
have a series of toll booths now wait
where's Indiana is Indiana
is it to the is it to the east of us
Yanis along with the corn yes right to
the east of us yeah okay I live right
next to Indiana in Indiana has a really
great freeway okay because I have been
through Indiana it's nothing but toll
booths at freeway there's nothing else
an idiot okay there's Bloomington and
Louisville but everyone knows Louisville
Kentucky no knows Louisville Indiana I
guess yeah
Fort Wayne oh sure Hammond well
apparently I oh yes the famous Hammond
Indiana there's a who use their reckless
you're absolutely right we live in
Wisconsin we have no right to make fun
of Indiana that's why we can make oh
that's why are we doing because why not
I'm a weasel oh nine thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
rich yes that spaceship looks like a
dick all spaceships still yeah but look
that has a hole in the front that's a
cannon its appeal I mean it's a
day-to-day know so you say I do so you
say I do that's what you see Jack it is
true
it's a hyperspace tick what Travolta's
favorite ship that I have been to New
Jersey I've been in New Jersey
the worst thing about New Jersey was we
were right past like the border of New
York so from our hotel like you could
see Manhattan on the skyline that's like
oh it's so close over in New Jersey we
were in New York look like a year and a
half ago New York or New Jersey we were
in New York and our flight got changed
so we had to fly out of New Jersey and
so we had said cam over to New Jersey
and right when you cross the bridge into
New Jersey it's a wasteland
it looks like the post apocalypse it
looks like Robocop Detroit era it looks
awful and the airport's right there and
that's all New Jersey I got to see yeah
yeah that's all I got to see it was what
was the name of the city we were in I
don't even remember but we had to drive
through Manhattan our flight to leave
was it like 4:00 in the morning 5:00 in
the morning so we're driving through
Manhattan like super early when nobody
was out yet it was like a Sunday like I
mean I've been to Manhattan before I
like Manhattan but sure going through
and when it's like completely deserted
was really bizarre because that doesn't
happen it doesn't seem like that ever
happens but apparently it does at 4:00
in the morning on Sundays no plans to
come back to New York I was there
visiting family and they are no longer
in New York I like New York
I like I didn't think I would but then I
went there and I didn't see always here
I like New Yorkers are assholes and then
I was walking around is like they're not
assholes they're just minding their own
business they got no time for you it's
great I know I was there my cousin was I
was working for SNL at the time so I got
to go and see an SNL show which was
super fantastic who hosted that lady
from the family show the Spanish lady Oh
Sofia Vergara never got from Modern
Family and we you know we got tickets to
the show which was great and we we show
up the day of and there's a line like
around the block of all teenage girls
and we're like what the fuck are you
doing it was it was go guest one
direction ha there you go
was the musical Greta guest and so and
like we stopped them like you're here
for Saturday Night Live we didn't know
kids they're innocent and like these
girls were like you people I can't see
what I'm rolling my eyes acting like a
teenage girl really yeah ah One
Direction is playing we're willing to
sit through 90 minutes of bad comedy to
see what do they charge you to go in and
see a TV show as part of the audience no
no no well you know no and in fact the
I'll usually tickets are all free and
then like for a high-profile show like
that you usually need to either be on
like a super long waiting list or know
someone okay okay just because you know
it's it's very like especially like SNL
incredibly small area like the the
entirety of the studio including the
audience sitting area is no bigger than
this building it's it's great that's
well they they only have three stages
okay you know the the center area where
the band is yeah they have a little area
off to the left where the musical gets
performs that also gets converted to
like sets okay I meant a little area off
to the right that's it oh wow
they do Weekend Update in front of the
live band really they set it up in the
center does this model that's where
Weekend Update is oh I didn't know that
yeah interesting I going to see it made
me respect it a lot more because like
there's this giant live for
action of moving sets and costume
changes and a whole bunch of hubbub a
boo
yeah that we don't get to see cuz all we
see is the bad comedy well I got work
all that effort of rushing to show
together in a week Oh for garbage
there's actually there's a really good
documentary that James Franco made
that's on Hulu Plus right now over
Saturday night yeah where he's just
documenting a week of I think God who
was the host that week it was uh
Malkovich John Malkovich Logan and it's
just him documentary documenting the the
week of you know the brainstorming
session the writing and the you know
rehearsing and all that it's the it's
insane how much work goes into it it
really is and it's like I I think like I
said it made me respect a lot more I
still don't necessarily think it's still
everybody but they do put a lot of work
into ending for what that's he knows
it's much yeah you know it's the show
has always been like that is good good
periods and bad periods ups and downs
yeah
the the most insane part was was like
talking to people who worked on the show
about like their schedule yeah they get
one day off they get Sunday off but you
know the show is Saturday night yeah and
the show gets out at 2:00 in the morning
and then there's an after-party there's
an after-after-party so like Sunday we
sleep that's it then we go back into
work on Monday and we starts all over
again but like they were telling telling
stories about like like Sandberg and the
original digital shorts like they would
get up early on Sunday after working
Saturday night to make the digital
shorts because Saturday Night Live did
not want them produced oh really I just
did it out there like they were the most
successful thing when Sara Night Live is
done in the last decade they didn't want
to do that's interesting you know they
were skeptical because of course it's
not it's not that you because it's
different yes and that's why people
liked it yeah it's crazy how that works
so it was nice it was nice seeing the
show hang out a nice little no I hear my
cousin was staying in a nice little I
want to say I have no idea where he was
day it was a nice little neighborhood
okay you know a Manhattan every over not
Manhattan no no there's a way it was
like it was like an hour subway ride
away oh but it was a really nice small
neighborhood great cupcake shop well
that's what's important yeah I got it
fuck yeah I by the way a box of cupcakes
you mean in the freezer there's other
sodas in the fridge
oh sure everything's weird right now
yeah everything's weird how was one
direction I'm sure they were fine all I
know is we we got seated next to an
older Russian man and someone who was
obviously his prostitute
well you need a date y-yeah go by
yourself
and he looked like a minute he looked
like a well-off older Russian man yeah
and it was a nice prostitute but they
were chatting like they were chatting
during the show and we're like we're
trying to see you fucking show like
during the sketches there are sketches
they were John eventually they left mid
show really yeah it was crazy
oh that's weird it well I go at all why
go at all yeah because you know it was
the thing to do you're an affluent
Russian gentleman I'd take you too sure
thank you - sure then we'd go on like a
play-doh the broad waiters thank you the
best show best show Saturday night then
we get we get fine food and then we make
whoopee okay and she goes can we not
call it whoopee we must call it it is
how you say my fetish that we call it
would be also I am French now never
works
oh no oh sorry it's not frozen rich just
had that for a second huh Oh talk about
my drink oh I I didn't even take a
chance on that one I'm assuming it's
frozen I described one of the warmer
there you go it all works out there you
go
yeah I think the John was Russia she
might have been Russian - maybe he
brought her from Russia
maybe it's Ava prostitute I don't know I
don't know what today it was great it
was a great time you call sex Goldberg
what like Jeff Goldberg who does this
Jeff Goldblum I would call it go
blooming no blooming yeah
Oh like Whoopi Goldberg because you
think about because you said making
Whoopie say single that's it I see what
you're trying to do that's it it's not
successful we'll be gold but I get it I
get it
it took me a while oh yeah tonight we go
and do the jumping jack fillet see that
works oh yeah but that only works with
the whoopee good that only works with
the the knowledge of the earlier
reference to what the Goldberg I don't
know anything anymore
right that's true this game is his home
world
it is a real-time strategy game in which
you direct your fleet of spaceships to
collect resources and fight other
spaceships you all need to get back to
this kind of I don't want to call it a
vagina it's like an anti vagina what are
you saying that because on the shape
yeah kind of a slit well we already saw
dick so yeah kind of a slit
you know more so it's stunning visuals
while we jibber about nonsense
I love RTS though yeah this is this is a
real-time strategy game rich is it
people not familiar with this game
apparently not
people are saying they just join yeah oh
this is this is a it's an older game oh
this is an old game well Ted so years
old but they like updated the graphics
and everything for this kind of like
ducktales I kind of yes there we go
bring in Jane that's dude this is my
only point of reference I want to say
one thing neat about this game we were
looking into this game a little bit ago
and you can move in in Y space right
yeah and I think that's something like
when you watch Star Trek they always
talking about like not being able to get
around to something and it's like well
just go over go over under that's not
how space works
I know usually I only think of dicks but
this time is thought of a vagina every
once in a while but you know what dick
neutral life is like a hurricane
oh also dick neutral welcome I even
forgot that it is welcome dick neutral
as our new moderator I know dick neutral
is kind of running the movie dicks
Tuesday night thingy which is people
from the chat get together in the chat
stream I'll watch the same movie on
YouTube and chat about it oh there's a
little plug for movie dicks so that's
why the dick neutral is a mod now and we
appreciate you working for us dick dick
that's right child-bride con was
defeated because he wasn't thinking in
three dimensions I was defeated because
for somebody who's a genetically
engineered genius he's he's kind of
stupid
he's a kind of a lot stupid yeah he's
the dumbest genius I've ever seen it was
it was his pride that did it man it was
his hubris rich
there's a lesson in there I don't know
what that bless it is oh my god you
watched cyber tracker last night oh god
yeah did that even make it to the final
cut cyber tracker we talked about it
briefly we said it's one of the ones we
watched was boring then I skip over it
it really was that doe though did have
the best acting I remember that lady oh
there was the lady with the arms yeah
what's a hand moving you can't go back
to cyber tracking John you guys can't
see what I'm making he's waving as I'm
waving wait a bit ya know a cyber
tracker let's not we say how boring it
is why would you watch that
you gotta find movies on YouTube I guess
if that's what they're doing is just
trying to find movies on YouTube are you
early exclusively watching like bad
movies like B movies I don't I think
it's just because I think there's a
version of possession on YouTube oh it's
shitty transfer but it's there it's so
but something and everyone should see
possession there you go
bigger will be there in sam neill there
you go they go how's Mike you know I
have not seen wake in fright yet I did
watch though I think you sent it to us
I watched howling three the marsupials
what it's it's they're werewolves but
instead they're marsupials alright it's
terrible that it's white
oh great I watched howling - and howling
three back-to-back nice Halloween - has
Christopher Lee in it and he delivers
says the classic line he tries to tell
someone they're leaving dudes leaving
his sister's funeral and Christopher Lee
complete stranger wanders up to him and
like I tell you this information
your sister is a werewolf and that's the
tagline for the movie is your sister is
a werewolf
howleen - your sister is a werewolf
Christopher Lee is amazing he'll do
anything
yep that period he would do just
anything I mean but he makes it great
like it's a stupid shitty b-movie with
horrible dialogue and he elevates it
that's right Super Duke eNOS show all of
your friends blood check everyone must
be blood check
oh yeah blood check that's a great one
log check is a girl and we watched it
for the first time that's how we saw it
was on was I need to be yeah we just
yeah
the Superman did you / the Chu rivers
gonna get you has a great one your
sisters excuse me my death metal band
has he's in a death metal band oh I've
heard about that yeah did you know I've
heard about it can you hear their music
anywhere you can yeah on the internet
okay they have what does he do he sings
he sings he sing okay which makes sense
I guess there's a deep foreboding voice
he does operatic oh it's not it's not
good is this like a band just hired him
for novelty or like I'm assuming this
wasn't a passion project of his I think
this was uh I think I don't think a band
hired him I think like it's just
something he wanted to do in a band was
like we want like this voice with our
band yeah it doesn't matter he doesn't
care
you watched a diet Dan Harmon doc and
men mentioned the genius of heat vision
and Jack oh yeah I've never seen that
famous unaired pilot it is worth
watching its it's worth watching as a as
a timepiece because at the time people
like Jack Black and Dan Harmon were
working with a really early web
streaming video site called channel 101
oh yeah and that's where heat vision and
Jack kind of started yeah and so it was
it was akin to like you know like
Saturday Night Live gets their talent
from you know a second city and and
Upright Citizens Brigade and stuff like
that right and so it was the first time
someone from an Internet video venue had
their chance at a big break and they
made this weird-ass thing is too weird
it was too weird yeah it is it's
definitely think that they see his laser
fart shorts and say we should give this
guy a TV show I just think they knew
these people are involved in this new
internet media we get some new internet
media people here so general 101 is
still around that's great Wow I mean
that's great I haven't been there him
back in the day it was it was the jam
mm-hmm it was the balmy jam not the
balmy it was the Jamie Obama
I think a balmy Jam would be a bad thing
but a jammie bomb a bomb that covers
everything in Jam get me some toast
scoop it up scoop make sure doesn't land
jelly side down
that means the devil's are
somebody wrote that something else
approved it when actors agreed to say it
I don't know if I will ever play dayz
rich will you ever play Daisy Daisy
seems like a thing that you need to
invest a lot of time into in order to
get the full experience and I don't know
if I'm quite ready to do that I just I
don't have long stretches to play games
usually you know like I'll get a couple
hours here a couple hours there you know
maybe an hour - every night oh yeah I
mean there are more red than there are
green
oh there's a lot more red violet so I'm
gonna say shit so I'm gonna I'm gonna
say I'm not gonna go with Daisy I am
super stoked though for overwatch sounds
like a zombie game or you don't run into
that many zombies Daisy you may as well
not have the zombies but well that's
like we were talking about wasabi movies
the you know usually the best part of a
zombie movie is not dealing with zombies
it's dealing with other people and
that's where the entertainment comes
from but I don't care about stuff like
that I well I do care about stuff like
that well I just I don't have a time I
know my fleet got its ass kicked here it
really did rich oh they got fucked up
they got fucked yeah I'm gonna tell them
kamikaze fuck it
you know Daisy isn't even officially out
yet like they're still they're still
building in and it might be phenomenal
but I just think it's gonna be
phenomenal for a core group of people I
can't imagine it's gonna reach out and
I'm not gonna I don't plan on playing
yes overwatch the team shooter from
Blizzard it looks very fun
it's blizzards version of teeth oh we're
talking games Blizzard the people who
make world of warcraft world of warcraft
is a game is trying to give Jason
context because you're a gamer guy
they're making a basically a Team
Fortress 2 which is a very popular
multiplayer shooter game from a
different company they're making their
version of that because a lot of people
who used to play tf2 myself included no
longer play because so it's new
characters new learning it's yeah I'm
excited about we don't know a lot about
it yet mostly because the games not done
yet my ass done got whooped him yeah
done got whooped so what happens when
your ass gets hooked
well my motherships gonna be blowing up
with these guys oh so do you die you
lose that's what's very likely to happen
yes John B 820 Team Fortress 2 got
ruined because of conga lines and that
is not an exaggeration people stopped
playing the game so they could come
going what there are things in tf2
called taunts okay and you are able to
perform a talent usually like after you
kill someone you can press a button and
then your character does this little
animation right now sure and it's you
know it's supposed to be basically a to
spike to the person you killed because
after you kill someone their camera
zooms in on whoever killed them so you
can like I got you but when you're
taunting you can't move or shooter a
little bit of a bounce later on in the
game they started adding expansions and
character models and
that's a lot of hats okay and they
started adding extra Thompson one of the
taunts is you can start a conga line
okay and then anyone who's playing the
same game is you can press a button and
join your conga line and you can all
start dancing I see which is very funny
until you want to play the game and
there was and everyone's dicking around
conga line just I was like Hong Kong's
was really funny like the first couple
times like yeah everybody's kinda
colliding how how are you okay keep
doing it let's yet there's a game we got
a yes conga lighting is very funny I did
not close the game out uh-huh it just
crashed oh that was not a ragequit but
that really was not a ragequit I was
dying I was gonna let myself get blown
up sure and the game has is no crash no
no input of my own anyway
fuckin yeah sure sure world fuck
terrible at real-time strategy Oh what
should I do know I know we've done the
hands of fate a lot I kind of wanna play
hands fake you can play into favorites
one hand don't fake I know I keep
calling it hands so I'm gonna oh my god
I would play the shit you play with you
are rich you weak here's the great thing
about us doing this we can do whatever
we want
yeah like all the times and I think
we've talking about this before that's
rule number one is do whatever you do
whatever you want all the time do
whatever you want you've been the only
one to play a hand to fade out stream
that's funny
I have not should I do it from scratch I
try no death run yeah they're just doing
listen see how far you can make it no oh
go throw the car up there all the cards
sure death run fucking one hand to faith
I fucking love it cuz why not just if I
can figure out how to fucking back up
the goddamn my progress cuz I don't
wanna lose everything
sure okay play pattycake and I don't
think we can play that
I think we can play a pancake we're not
coordinated enough pattycake Baker's man
oh I hit myself in the face yeah see
that's what happens when we play Peggy
Kenny okay Kat fast is you my groin
Oh jack I'm so disappointed I went girl
you don't like this my grind that's how
you do that this is why oh my boy that's
how you do it this is why that's down
this is why you are really head up to
the professional I will not lie I'm not
I'm not gonna infringe on your goal
maybe we'll play how I made me two on
Sunday I do want to play Miami - I'll
play that on Sunday that's like the 80s
looking thing right yeah yeah is it one
of those that has the dragon sound song
in it from Miami connection not that I
know what game is that that that was
blood dragon blood dragon yeah well that
was blood dragon : something right far
cry : blood dragon okay Far Cry 3 Far
Cry 3 okay it was some sort of sequel
game yeah no this this is the the first
hotline miami was basically drive the
game okay and so this is all a miami -
yeah the first one did very well an
indie game I'm excited to play it okay
so let me find my control I really
enjoyed the first one it you know it's
it's just you know striking beyond
visuals oh my god which is knocking face
constantly bumping into the lake does it
have an 80 cent type score an amazing
score by the way it's a score that I
listen to sometimes it's it's like the
score is sickening sickening in its like
techno is great oh my gosh there's wires
everywhere there are wires
some miracle I'm not dead
it's tolerable you guys want how am i
growing is the new subscriber alert okay
ow my groin
