Episode 075
Ori and the Blind Forest
April 6, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8D-r0EQsWII
___________________________________________

I'm gonna update the stream will say
Maximo
it still says spelunky Oh oopsie doops
was this one called Orie
his name is Ori Ori and the blind forest
all right up dated I want bridge to play
hotline Miami won a lot of Miami one is
pretty much the jam pretty much I played
I played it and beat it on the Vita a
great great Vita game great Vita port
you know just pick up a level five
minutes here five minutes there looked
fantastic
someone steamy other day was was
commenting I reviewed it there you know
wrote up something review for steam but
they said but you're only you only have
like an hour and a half plane it's a
wall man steam I eat a dog Jane will you
continue your vlogs yes I have been
unable to do them for the last few days
oh but I'm going to get back into it
soon great I got a lot of things to talk
about so I have to continue yeah you do
mm-hmm
someone has to say these things it's all
I always I always enjoy you know hearing
your off-the-cuff opinions oh thank you
I appreciate that Jack so I I do hope
you keep it up you know like a little J
little vlog brothers you know
vlogbrothers huh is that a vlog yeah the
vlogbrothers yeah kind of a pimple on
there the vlog I don't know man yeah as
a part of log culture myself I feel like
I should be aware of these things but I
don't know cuz you do your own thing
that's true yeah I don't want other
people's influence you know yeah I even
material uh so it's probably best that I
don't pay attention to it probably you
know it is we were in chat time we in
the magic forest we're going for night
Ori in the Med magical blind forests
this is the the game a lot of people are
talking about this
yeah this is a this is the big indie
game of the moment along with hotline
Miami - is that an indie game hotline
Miami - yeah I mean I guess by the
graphics and stuff it's not like a a big
one but I feel like I know what it is so
I feel like it's a big game if I've
heard it I've talked about it a lot so
you know I have you heard about me here
I don't know where I would have heard
about it but rich you don't need to play
checkers
but bridge needs to finish there's gonna
be a surprise Jack uh-huh it was gonna
be a CPM and I wanted to ruin it because
now playing jibber gibbering
that Mouse is so loud as it moves on
that table mr. strache mal that's
exactly why we should play it in stream
he says we mr. Chadha smile says he
doesn't think we should play ori because
he's played it and we're just gonna get
lost and not know what to do
and I think is that every game you play
that's every game we play but also I
think you guys a little bit enjoy that
Oh
checkers checkers hype is real you seem
to hate checkers I I think it's funny
I think it's funny oh you know we were
nothing stopping us from Jan I am good
at gaming sometimes you get lost in a
game and that's okay it's okay to get
lost as long as you find your way Oh
what Metroid is that the whole point
about that is that it's all nothing
wrong with getting lost in a game
so you're actually playing against
somebody right yeah
okay unless they they they leave their
computer takes over oh we do need
another wiki Wars that was a lot of fun
wiki Wars was a lot of fun I don't know
if we can play it again because some
jerks I know we're changing the
Wikipedia play pages as we were playing
them and if you guys do that is totally
cheating somebody added me to the
Wikipedia page for possession like the
night I saw it I was so like I loved it
so much and I tweeted it I was like one
of the best things ever and somebody
added that so the way it's like why as
part of critical research part of
critical reception that was a weird
thing to end and he didn't like
immediately I think it was that same
night it was not a baby Slayer one five
six thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate
oh you don't want me to have a bad
opinion of the game because I'll get
lost in it man I mean listen nothing you
can do about that this is brother
playing you could not get lost you could
play the game better I could play the
game but you weren't playing it
correctly that's frequently the case
I've been told a parent what oh yeah is
you just need to play right
apparently Frank Miller's Wikipedia page
got changed to say that he wrote the
ninja rap oh yeah still on there that's
from our wheel the worst episode I know
that someone added that I don't know but
it's still on there I think that's great
I think that's great I I do not condone
changing Wikipedia submissions for
comedic purposes only factual purposes
facts are really just opinions I really
don't think that's true I mean really
once you get really deep down into I
really don't think that's true what the
fuck what the fuck Saphir Ian it's a
theory set Fran I want to say it's set
Fran thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate all
my time I did mine Shatner for the other
day it's standard rich can you do a
Scottish accent I can say less less less
e IL si el se oh we're playing ahoy a
bit - checkers I don't know if they are
playing a wave but the checkers here I
don't know if even Scottish people can
do Scottish accents they're hard I think
that's great that wikipedia says that JJ
Bowman from red letter media tweeted
possession floor game amazing movie
fucking gut-wrenching what somebody had
that I will you know what let's say
years down the line or not not even
years let's say like later this year
someone finds possession and says oh I
wonder if this was a hits before and I
wonder if people are still talking about
the magic and they see Wikipedia did it
Oh a modern film pretty good this is
still the modern film quote unquote so
that makes sense to me okay I'm glad I
can be a part of possession history yes
because it's the best it's the best
thing
because it's the best there ever was
gonna have a break
I played geometry wars did you ever play
geometry wars fucking breaking yes not
much endless twin stick shooter colorful
great music
yeah geometry wars was great that was
one of my very first Xbox purchases Xbox
360 purchases beautiful game
what's wrong with Colton making a game
called geometry peace Jeff where's
always gonna be war geometry peace might
I think that's that's just like geometry
that's the score that's boring a
hypotenuse what did they make new
versions of number munchers
remember number munchers is there an
updated version of that somewhere there
has to be I'm gonna look this up there
has to be those new educational video
games that are still crap
you can play it for free on line number
munchers dot work oh well there you go
super hexagon yes I don't know what the
question is but super hexagon is an
amazing game no it's just the game I
don't think there are any updated
versions of number munchers
somebody get on that apparently the red
letter media wiki page includes it has
also been revealed rich has a dislike of
the condom and mustard I don't know why
that's important you guys that's funny
J we're not we're not gonna talk about
later there oh yeah I know that's not a
popular opinion to not like Blade Runner
but I'm sure - I think it's a snoozefest
there's there's great looking movie yeah
we're just looking movie I think I'm
talking about Blade Runner in here
before yeah that's why they're bringing
it up oh well I mentioned in the alien
commentary - oh that's more recent thing
there you go great looking movie great
looking movie great looking after
everyone else is of the opinion that
Blade Runner is a great movie in general
just look you know opinion that's fine I
want to like Blade Runner I've tried
over the years so many times because
it's like I know I should love this and
I it doesn't do anything for me
I'm with J yeah for the most part yeah
are you crazy - beautiful visually it's
kind of boring to watch crazy atmosphere
the atmosphere that's all not everything
that's not everything
I'm just four counts for a lot yeah but
not everything it's not a great
detective story it's kind of a boring
don't care at all about Harrison Ford in
it
every couple years I watch it to see if
maybe all connected with it this time
and I just never do when you're ready
just let me know I want to want to you
are you supposed to not like Harrison
Ford because he is kind of he is
supposed to be a kind of maybe robot
right yeah and I think Ridley Scott
himself beside he is yes yes and I think
that's supposed to his distance is
supposed to come across it's convenient
it's gonna be fun where did we not get
to what I've talked about we're done but
Blade Runner this is a controversial
topic we're not gonna talk about it
anymore
back to Barbara Gordon's rape I mean she
was never raped it was only implied she
was only shot the spine while the Joker
took naked picture pictures right that's
horrifying
she was a very sexually assaulted not
right that's The Killing Joke
right yes yes I know that intense stuff
I remember eating that cuz my brother
had it so I read it when I was pretty
young
that's when the Joker became big yeah
yeah no really when he became serious
business since the minor Joker was
basically born out of The Killing Joke
yeah oh okay no before then he was
mostly just a clown themed crook okay
people thought of him more like the
Cesar Romero yeah yes okay I don't know
that's interesting
who did the killing joke that wasn't
Frank Miller Ellen Ellen Moir that's
right the other one this is the two guys
regular and Alan Moore for what it's
worth as much as I like Frank Miller
Alan Moore far more talented yeah I mean
I don't know Frank Miller's got his
stick but yeah exactly
Frank Miller has won an award finned
fucking fascist Ellen more violence and
misogyny that's pretty much it yes which
you know at the time comic books didn't
have any of that so now I'm sure it was
like oh how interesting what a fund oh
that's all you do okay excuse me
no I wait I do love your one and that's
not about misogyny sure all right
I never run your one back I read Dark
Knight Returns oh Lord I have the the
sequel to Dark Knight Returns which is
supposed to be batshit crazy yeah I
haven't read it
my brother let me borrow cuz I heard
that it was supposed to be like terrible
yeah I'm crazy
I've had it for years I mean I still
haven't read it
since DC said their movies will be
edgier than Marvel's they should adapt
The Killing Joke yes that'll go over
like gangbusters I can see their toy
line terrible toy line DC no fun allowed
nope
serious business put on that cave don't
fight crime because when we got dark we
made a little bit of money and so we're
gonna hold on to that for the rest of
our careers
everything will be dark Allen character
regardless of if it makes sense or not
right right there are any non cape
graphic novels that I enjoy them I've
been on the record is loving preacher
mmm-hmm preacher some great shit with
Megan Fox as Barbara Gordon right
exactly they were past Megan Fox she's
not real yes she's not wandering anymore
she is not a thing anymore almost done
well Ori in the magic forest oh great
great
oh I think someone just did something
funny but I'm checking yes I've read why
the last man I terrible ending
nothing nothing missed no satisfying
resolution of why the last man
a great premise amazing first issue
okay just falters after a while they go
what's happening
if everyone what I like to enjoy
something you can go to the blade
remember could be it fade oh no and
under critical reception I'm going there
right now the very last sentence je why
don't you read the very last sentence of
the critical reception what does it say
well I should read a couple sentences
beforehand to work up to it
Blade Runner holds a 91% rating on
Rotten Tomatoes with an average score of
8.4 out of 10 from 96 reviews the site's
main consensus reads misunderstood when
it first hit theaters the influence of
Ridley Scott's mysterious neo-noir Blade
Runner has deepened with time a visually
remarkable achingly human sci-fi
masterpiece J Bowman of red letter media
says it's a snooze fest that's perfect
that's beautiful I know I shouldn't
encourage them but I think it's funny
they'll probably it probably won't be
it's not like this information it's not
Frank Miller stuff
there's dramatic Sun oh great
damnit
it supports everyone there the monitors
there's so many cords
kind of jumps
but it kind of jumps Oh
yeah he's pretty adorable
don't want to be too judgmental but this
feels like another Oscar babe the
videogame you know might be there there
are usually with in d2d side-scrollers
look if the game is good I can put up
with a lot yeah but but you know there's
there's usually two fairs for these one
is like one is hyper you're you're super
meat boys game may have stopped and then
Ori and the blind forest give up it
could it could be we crashed or there's
your arty as fuck there's your or YZ
there's your Limbo's there's your braids
there's your fries in game crash so
we're gonna try again apparently hotline
Miami was still running in the
background maybe that fuck would thanks
they want
oh that's bad I mean that's definitely
fucker things yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
unplug your damn Xbox controller you
know I know I don't
she doesn't like my Xbox controller FTL
is not a 2d side-scroller so it doesn't
count as anything yeah swap swap arisen
are Deus fuck I'm trying to think of
more examples of Hyper's bond oh you
know they believe pixels is actually a
mix between a hyper and an RTS fuck I'm
good it's we're skipping the prologue
yeah skip that fucking cutscene do you
know what you're doing is that don't
door yet I don't know what I'm doing
fizzy skip the prologue yes
oh my god I don't want people to watch
them all the things we already saw
sure and maybe I needed a prologue cuz
now I don't know what I'm doing I don't
know what any of these controls do you
right to left here whoa
OOP oh yeah beautiful Joe the beautiful
Joe is a great a great hyper beautiful
Joe is just a great guy hyper a hyper as
far as the two styles of your 2d side
scrollers okay if you were to compare
something like hyper what's the other
one
yeah Artie is fuck I kinda like hyper
yeah oh I like I like hyper - Artie as
fuck is tends to be a little too slow
for me oh I'm out of here
hi Jay nice night good night goodbye
everybody
thank you for updating Bladerunner
Wikipedia page I'm glad my voice can be
heard
have a good night Shadow of the Colossus
is not a 2d side-scroller I'm talking
specifically about 2d side-scroller z--
and i know these aren't real terms these
are not real game terms I'm making them
up he looks cool
I don't know how what am I supposed to
do oh I don't know what I'm supposed to
do okay
it's those things I'm sure the only
thing I can do so far is jump oh they go
oh
you did it oh wait so is this Orie I
don't know
that's next to pick up the tiny light I
can only assume this is Orie oh the RT
furriness can kind of go fuck itself ha
ha ha it can go fuck itself yeah oh
you're beautiful host of sad news and
Lloyds oh shovelknight yeah shovel
that's a great example of a hyper
we've discussed that before you might
need to be new to the stream rlm slash
previously recorded is Rich's main job
rich works for a red letter media
full-time I help out where I can but I'm
a freelance video producer on my own and
you know obviously I earn a little bit
thanks to these twitch streams which is
great but but I also just make videos on
my own boring and corporate videos and
internet viral marketing campaigns and
gay porn
didn't you have a porn story I did have
a for my it wasn't a very good I mean is
that a good yeah yeah but it's poor
story so we may as well tell them I
think I told it before but the porn star
is as a freelance video producer there
are some times where the work does not
come easy and I was in talks with a
pornography company to edit pornography
and they asked if I would be okay
editing gay pornography and you know I
had no income at the time as happens
sometimes and so it's just like fuck
yeah whatever
I ended up it ended up not working out I
didn't get the job they could probably
they could probably sense that I was a
little hesitant or maybe I don't or you
know I imagine most people there to do
this hesitant sure they're probably used
to that I would assume I don't know but
it never worked out so I never actually
had to deal with it I don't know how
long I would have lasted glad I'm good
I'm glad it never came up I don't know
if I could have I don't know if I could
have dealt with that mm-hmm with editing
gay pornography
but uh I have an ability point oh there
you go
how do I spend an ability point well
what are my abilities you can get Jared
Flint mom or can you unlock them
apparently I have to only do this one oh
okay uh-huh this worries this where I
can spend my ability point what is this
what is this you can use an ability
point on the ability to use the ability
treat where's my ability treat is this
that's not a tree that's a circle is
this an ability circle or they're
calling an ability tree for some unknown
reason I have yet to fathom where's that
fat thing I missed that fat thing that I
started the game as the part that you
needed
where's the fat thing I want my fat
thing back so this has branching skill
trees
this has RPG elements I don't I think
you're wrong about that ability point
cuz there's nothing that's letting me
upgrade in here weird and you like it
when you press a nothing happens on
those nothing's happening
great
I get out of here
oh my god that's exactly what I do it
would be star wipes over all of the
climaxes that's a thing you know it
wouldn't work I'm glad it never came to
whether or not whether or not like I
needed to do it but you know oh there
looks like a secret over there
we're down dumb okay did it the gained
an ability for wait B to be rushing be
there we go oh my god there's a tree
there's an ability tree that's it's not
really a tree just kind of three
straight lines but they made curved so
it seemed kind of aggressive tree that
implies multiple branches it more like
it's more like an ability vine or maybe
it's a business ability this is the
ability coke line it's an ability bush
sure why not yeah I've never edited
anything like weird I I ended up I've
edited boring things like people have
had me edit together they're there they
give like corporations or our speakers
will have me edit together like a speech
of theirs with their PowerPoint
presentation which is the most boring
thing in the world did you edit the
Dunkin Donuts finishing video with Bob
Rosenberg yes
so it's just boring it's just boring
stuff where it's like syncing up a PDF
with someone talking about corporate
strategies some what judgments a
question was poor the problem or it was
gay porn the problem um probably both
the big I think the bigger problem for
me would have been gay porn
I have nothing you know you don't know
what to do with that because right field
you because how do you let it feel to me
I don't know I don't know
it would be weird me watching gay porn
in general yeah mostly because I'm not
gay but I have no problem with porn in
general I but I also think it would be
weird to edit regular porn I don't know
if I would have what about irregular
porn that all I'd be down with that what
constitutes irregular porn I don't I
don't think anything does it's all weird
you know I don't I don't even know I
don't know if I could do straight porn
either but like I said I'm glad I'm glad
I don't have to worry about it Jean you
could add some art to it Jack I would
get rid of every single straight porn
now it's all just close-up of the
genitals there's no there's no art there
there's no emotion no feeling is there
close up with that dirt we need more
dick where's that where's that dick
going yeah I like that thick you could
revolutionize an industry oh I'm sure
other people have already oh that's what
I'm still running
no it's for height I don't like I said
if it would have come - it would have
comes where you gotta gotta pay the
bills got a feed gotta gotta feed
yourself but I'm glad I'm glad I never
had to deal with it oh oh
fancy
we need more shots of this man's asshole
exactly I'm not cut out oh that's a dick
neutral I would get rid of every single
behind the balls shot in the porno
that's that would be my life goal every
single undercarriage shot I don't know
who decided we needed these in porn
movies it would be it would be my work
to get rid of them
but anyway that's it's it's not a very
good story like I said because nothing
really happened with it but so this game
is Japanese oh because we're going left
to right well first of all we're going
right to left
yeah yeah I said that wrong because I do
think these things cuz I'm rich Evans
yes and while I get it yeah and the joke
I wrote the joke you kind of ruin the
joke and also like yeah Japanese games
kind of invented going right from what
that's fine it's a language joke J so I
use a language joke no they didn't know
it's an American invention one left to
right pitfall pitfall motherfucker oh
there you go all right there you go
I'll take it the low angle in this porn
indicates dominance yeah you're right
it's not super exciting so far I know
it's early in the game it's a pretty
platformer it's it's pretty that's
exactly what it looks like oh you need
more anymore it says press X to open the
gate I'm pressing X you have to hold X
and open before did it uh do you need
another glue block only one of them only
one of the handles is I know but it's
saying X to open the spirit gate you
need another glue block all right see on
the top right I think that says one did
I think you need to alright alright is
one of is what I'm only using context
clues but that this is my this is my
guest
ah yeah they're saying in the chat that
you are missing a gym all right
you need another glowy banana rich find
it the glowy banana ba da da whoa find
the glowy banana set is that terminology
from your porn editing days
oh yeah you know you just get in the
global banana circle round the dooblidoo
p-- and yeah and you're good to go
motherfucker you have to know do I
yep top right oh okay okay
it says to know there's one glowy thing
following me I guess that's a different
glowy thing that's not related all right
all right all right get your bananas in
order rich you got your ability bush and
you're going bananas everything you need
for porn everything personally I prefer
to ability bushes I like that big of a
David don't go in the back door though
so you can fight things you just it's
like an auto target globe then just you
hit axe and just shoots everything okay
my guess is you need some sort of a
charge yeah attack yeah yeah whoa this
is uh this is neat looking yeah
you can now retain more vitality find
more life cells to occur over yeah
that's fine that's yeah sure sure lady
sure lady whatever you say lady get on
my get on my glowy banana
Kevin bike toy we put it on my glowy
banana get you and your bananas I like
bananas they're high in potassium an
insoluble fiber
whoo your soul link is ready whatever
that means
do you know what that mean I don't know
what that means
well there you go
and we don't know what you're doing in
the game yet your stitch from Lilo &
Stitch and you're jumping around the
forest oh you're white glowy stitch
white glowy stitch he's probably a lot
nicer to space at the end but he still
had attitude yeah he did
this little thing doesn't have attitude
oh okay it's a heavy spirit first thing
this is it this is a radioactive spirit
monkey yeah yeah I am one with the trees
if you get too close to me I'll kill you
slowly you get too close I'll use my
auto kill or that was neat the formula
for Gower a foreground frog what thing
up there I can't even get up there Jack
okay what do you want me to put it what
do you want to do Jack what do you want
me to do I'm listening
oh I didn't know if you could double
jump or anything oh oh oh secret
well I die jack I died doing your thing
but you found a secret rich oh no I
didn't save and I didn't do a save you
thing save oh it doesn't have like save
points oh you know I like I like that I
like that
oh I dislike that
if you press the select button to view
the map
it'll also show you where to go oh okay
okay
Thank You mr. Kaiba oh you probably need
to go back down there and get the other
globe Anita do you know where all the
globin in us are don't you jack
whoa that's the where you got it last
time up there no where did you get go
buddy I don't remember where the globin
Ana came from press select baby I'll
tell you is that a globe Anita
bye-bye nothing stops and globin Anna
for God says yes a good good god man and
rich understands that he needs to make
more safe hoists he understands that
more than ever
no I don't know if I can stop saying no
but I know wait you got to make the safe
point
why don't I pay more attention when they
showed me these wings I'm just gonna I
know I don't know I I just like that in
games like this idea I feel like that's
flow breaking there I can't stand it
when you play a game and then there's
infinite lives and then you die and then
you start again a foot away for you die
I can't stand that point even playing
the fucking game at that point
I'm not saying you need to start away a
foot away from where you die but you
know like maybe maybe some small you
know after you go through the the globin
and a door for example it'll save that
would be a nice safe place oh by the way
rich that would be an unsafe point
I don't remember how to do the same
thing cuz I you hold the button I'm so
used to auto-saves at this point you
know I don't really like them but I
don't I wasn't paying enough attention
wanna talk about savings I'm just
thinking idle saved I don't need to know
this shit it's gonna do it for me I want
to say Abby button yeah oh you can do it
anywhere yeah oh I like that
I like that a lot look I can't I guess I
need to find a thing - lets me do it
writers alright alright
I do like save points not in every game
but in certain games they they make
sense
you're being very clever for mochi for
saying jack confirm for liking save
points just like an FTL binding lies
against one key obviously those are
different games why don't you calm your
tits Charlotte it's why do they need to
become I want uncompensated sit are
active because his tits are flapping oh
give me boys give me some hyperactive
tits
that's counted I like yeah yeah they see
that's the thing like guacamelee I think
candles save points correctly where it's
not like obviously if you fall off a
ledge boo me but you're back you're back
to it but I like walk Amalia but that
part of it does annoy me it does then
there's some platforming so difficult
it'll be irritating without it but I
mean yeah and doesn't feel like there
are many consequences for failure in
that game no no there aren't and that
that doesn't know me about it guacamelee
yeah sure
hyperactive tits another porn video
right
why does this game seem so much like My
Little Pony what I does it I assumed
that My Little Pony had some sort of
pony in it I don't I don't know
do you just mean that it's colorful and
whimsical I think so on this this is
already 40 indie game come on
oh do you want to access your ability
tree rich did you give yourself
abilities yeah gave myself one do you
have an ax you have to go to the glowy
thing over there oh Jesus Christ I can't
go to the glowy thing over there I'm
barn there you go
maybe make a safe point I don't have any
ability things to spend I thought you
had two I'd use those earlier oh okay
whatever that thing is it looks like a
pony i its on its hind leg how the hell
does this look like a pony it's like a
salamander thing a pony it looks like a
stitch you know what a pony is people
don't know thanks it's a stitch that's
exactly what it is okay you use you oh
you do have one more point yeah can you
skip ahead probably not nope I'm just
curious
but I do it even-steven no sure cuz I
don't know what I'm doing sure
even-steven it does look like a Pokemon
it looks exactly the money they like a
pokemon that I can see that makes a lot
more sense than the stupid pony thing I
mean the pony thing was just stupid oh
my god what is that this is a hearty fur
do you think that's Mewtwo right there
that is totally arty-farty look at that
oh oh there's so much hard rich
this game is a challenge to rich
question work right now I'm just kind of
fucking around I'm not I'm not playing
hardcore right now I'm just kind of
jumping around and if I die I don't I
don't really care yeah it's kind of
talking with Jack and looking at the
pretty visuals yeah that's fine it looks
fine
I can't get up oh okay first rate I was
trying to jump up and grab it
sure instead of waiting for a button
prop to come up tell me I had to hold
the button prop suck in the energy
that's trying to actually actively do
something myself in a weird that'd be
nice wouldn't that be nice rich so I
figured I could jump up and then I would
grab it and then like the power wouldn't
come to me there ya know as a guy it's a
good but you can do shit now what can I
do now
what can I do you can well wall jump I
like em all all right say I told ya I'm
not paying much attention probably
should have been you weren't even paying
attention to the button problem after
you did the button prompt not really
okay well yeah I guess I'm just talking
you should pay attention to I'm talking
you don't have to pay attention to all
the bullshit of the game but pay
attention to that yeah oh definitely um
this is the the arty party Metroid clone
definitely soul link is ready what does
that mean no it's oh no that's safe to
say okay you can save
which is fine like I I will never
complain about there being more
Metroid's in the world I'm not entirely
convinced that's the best analogy in
what Metroid
I mean platformer where you get stuck in
an area that you can't get out and so
they get a new ability which will that
ability will make you reach new will say
to be seen to be determined yeah for
foreground frog foreground frog is a
tough thing to say foreground frog
foreground frog frog on frog horn
foreground frog horn you know what
there's a puzzle here and the prompt
didn't come up and say you need to move
the block over to jump a hey I give him
credit hey give him credit I had to
figure that out completely on my own
first someone someone to hurt us
complaining about the button prompt and
whatnot and is asking how we feel it's
best to integrate the story and gameplay
into something like a 2d platformer its
first button prompts well you can have
people talking without button prompts
sure sure yeah you don't need the button
promise I think you know the text the
text came up which is fine that's how
you would read it but the idea there
were games a long time before there were
button props yeah I think you can look
at you can look at the first Metroid
game or Super Metroid I think does it
even better Super Metroid 2 really nails
it I started being a 2d platformer that
handles its story very well through
gameplay
Metro is a snoozefest
yeah for some people that's that's why J
does not like Blade Runner he thinks
it's a snoozefest
I like both slow and deliberate I like I
like guacamole more than I like Metroid
guacamelee is different combo combats
really fun and guacamole with the combos
and what yeah that's true
mr. ed you just shooting the thing shit
different different pace there's a door
around here somewhere where the fuck it
was you don't think it was down here you
can press the leg then open up your mat
yeah I caught I suppose
oh no that's where I am where am i I am
there's two glowy things on the map the
small glowy thing and the big glowy
thing I'm assuming I am the small nope
the smuggler thing is your safe point oh
okay all right so I guess I gotta go up
there should that make sense doesn't
make sense
how would dragons dragons lair something
as compared to us and our button prompt
to talk dragon slayers a whole different
beast that is a whole reckons lair yeah
that's basically the order right right
I'm not I've never liked Dragon's Lair
no no it was again Dragon's Lair was was
kind of a tech demo where they were just
seeing what they could get away dragon's
lair was a gimmick cuz you got to
remember Dragon's Lair came out in the
pac-man days yeah basically and then you
see this game with this basically you
know almost movie quality animation not
basically it had movie quality yeah yeah
and it tricks your brain and thinking
that your graphics are really good but
it's just an animation playing and you
have to press a button every now and
then wipe the order exactly exactly
it's dragon's lair gets a bit of a pass
because of the time and because I ate
drains lair I'm not even giving it a
pass because at the time oh it doesn't
get a pass it's a bad game
it says it's always been a bad game to
be a good game it's still a very bad
game it gets it gets a pass because of
the cultural of the oddity you know
uh-huh
at the time nothing like that existed
and so we can talk about it now and you
know we it is its own where's the
entrance to that I don't know so weird
literal it is not a good game I will
never say it's a good game but like I'm
not I'm not going to be harsh on it
because they didn't know any better if
that makes any sense
you can't be mad at a child for doing
something they didn't know they
shouldn't do you just have to tell them
not to do that anymore ooh
it got tarzo it guitars oh thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
that's champion platforming
does it count as a game seeing as how
it's limited and moves
um it does which on Dragon's Lair
unlike the order dragons lair has fail
states to be fair some of the QuickTime
events in the or and fail states sure
but you gotta keep in mind even the ones
that did have fail states uh you had
forever and a day to hit the button oh
yeah people call it QuickTime events
that's not a quick side of that no it's
a slow time of it it's a time event it's
an event right you have enough time to
do your taxes before actually hitting
the button it's a joke is what it is
it's it's not good listen dragon
Dragon's Lair is not good but like I
said if if those types of games like it
can you had you call it a game I
technically it's a game right
technically the order is a game I was
one down there oh did I restart I didn't
grab that one I must have died while I
was talking about no we're not gonna get
deep into the order but these do we're
not gonna snot talked about it either
I understand it's the first thing to
talk about it's fair thing to talk about
they they are yeah where you coming
coming up with controllers need to
evolve I thought I updated this dream it
should be it should be with ovary in the
blind for
yeah what about controllers oh they're
just saying controllers need to innovate
games need to innovate I think both
let's work on both you know I think III
rich and I were talking about this
earlier I am really excited to get my
hands on this valve steam box controller
I want to know what all the hubbub is
about I think it's not gonna have enough
buttons good buttons will have are gonna
be awkward to use could be probably
better for a shooter than a regular
controller mm-hmm but I think I will
still end up preferring a mouse a
keyboard sure you probably will I wonder
for someone like me who is it's a good
question I don't know yeah I'm excited
I'm excited to get my hands on something
like that what are the game Sam what am
I supposed to do I don't know you got an
achievement for it though oh that's good
I'm waiting for earth to happen art is
happening oh here's art it's here art
came
I still think the steam box is gonna end
up being a failure I could see that I
could see that after our discussion I'm
I'm looking forward to - it's coming out
during a bad time to be coming out with
a new console yeah cuz just fresh
generation brand new consoles out and no
good games to plan any of them though
console markets and shambles right
fucking now yep
expensive games the development the
developers are selling to the wrong
market they're selling this to PC gamers
who already have steam and a decent PC
we're not gonna need a wanna steam box
and making a lot of mistakes yeah one
the one nice thing about a console is
you don't have to worry about fucking
hardware is everybody's got the same
shit
there's gonna be like different versions
of the steam box and which one's better
than the other I don't fucking know the
price point is ridiculous yeah well I
like fellas valve well enough yeah I
steamed for being DRM and it is but I
think this one's gonna bite them in the
ass yeah good it 100% couldn't I agree
someone in the chat saying that the
steam controller will outsell the steam
box five to one probably yes ten to one
by the way ten to one I think this is
the problem is is like like Richard
saying there's no there's no market for
this console market is incredible right
now what do you say that John eight
twenty what do you say that just because
they're powerful what are the lists what
has been the great pencil game jeez Jen
that's Jesus Christ was that oh okay I
looked at the ROM name that's right
sorry sorry John we're not we would
never we would never say that you said
that she's okay if he thinks that anyway
I'm just it's an opinion that's
different a mine that's fine
was there a response no not yet um
they're selling it so whiskey rangers
saying they're selling it to people who
want a plug-and-play system to play from
their couch but want the advantages of
PC gaming you didn't get wait wait look
at game prize selection customization
etc or people who have a beefy gaming PC
and want to stream games to their TV and
there there are cheaper options already
available for both and with steam OS you
don't get a computer out of it like you
don't you don't get an operating system
and here's why the living room you get
enough argument is bullshit the TV
argument is bullshit because I've got a
kick-ass gaming PC yeah and it's at my
desk in a minor but you know what it's
also hooked up to my TV because they do
that your your situation is different I
feel than than some you would look at
any PC up to a TV pretty much these days
you could but it should be small if
you're hooking what does it matter
because you don't want a tower next to
your TV in your nice living room that is
true don't say that's not true don't
roll your eyes it's not true it's that
is that is true you a a normal person
I'm gonna I'm gonna be normal I'm gonna
be a normal person here right I don't
want to put a giant computer tower on my
nice TV stand next to my nice to you
I don't I think it would look bad that's
me being normal person I could I just
corbs you sure I could've I do the right
length but then you have heat problems
and dust problems or I can have a small
little box on my TV which I already have
like my Roku box it's great ps4 has sold
20 million boxes this is Jesus you would
spend $600 on a steam machine if you
already had a PC because it's a small
box oh god no I would build a small form
P gaming PC
okay so how does this is Matt equate to
the steam box being flawed your argument
right there was just the size you know
oh that was specifically against your
argument for this no I don't think I
don't think a normal person wants a
giant PC tower next to their TV once
again you don't have to put it right
next to your uh key ever done it then I
don't think most sane people give a shit
about that because they have a TV stand
and they can put somewhere next to the
TVs - sure this is all I'm saying I'm
agreeing with you rich that I do yeah
I'm agree i'm agreeing with your overall
point in that people don't need steam
boxes okay
okay I'm using it from a different
conclusion where you can build a small
form PC yeah and and have it without the
need of steam and do it probably cheaper
than the steam box can do
jack is almost always wrong anyway Jesus
Christ ever respond about the v-22 being
an amazing console generation 120
million boxes sold and was his retort
what does it matter if the games are all
crap I don't know
did the stream freeze no no the stream
is fine
it's an amazing console generation if
you have gotten lots of great products
out of it
that's an amazing puzzle generation yes
Vaness hundreds of great games that came
out on the nest yes great console
generation PlayStation 2 hundreds of
great games came on in the PlayStation 2
amazing console generation yes I would
agree with that
Playstation 2 PlayStation 4 destined not
an amazing console generation it's like
I that I I agree the dude the dude is
just saying like the the steam box will
fit will fit this the the dude says you
two are computer savvy and willing to do
whatever it takes to hook up your
computer to your TV whatever you do is
plug it in the steam box might be able
to simplify it for people who just want
to hook up a gaming system to their TV
and this is where rich is argument comes
in which is that's all you do with the
computer is literally literally a
computer has an HDMI out it will be the
exact same thing only running an
operating system that you could also do
your taxes on that's not fair these are
new consoles it's been like a you're in
a fucking half yeah it's been long
enough it's been long enough where you
should have I should be able to think of
games the games that are they're too
expensive to make they take too long to
make there's a lot of problems
yeah oh no and it's like I I think I
think there is a small market of people
who is steam box will fit for I really
do but that small market is not going to
is doesn't justify their existence you
know I think there are people like you
said you know like if you have a super
great gaming rig in one room you could
get a cheaper steam box and stream games
to that cheaper box in your living room
right you have a nice PC though you're
probably not gonna want to bother with
that if you're that person already has a
nice PC your tech savvy enough to be
able to plug in the HDMI port into your
PC burner oh but let's say like that is
in your office right and you want to
play games in your living room so you
get a cheaper steam box and you can
stream your games from your office to
your living room right this is this is a
thing people do right or or then you can
you know stream them upstairs in your
bedroom or whatever right
I just think that the market for this is
so small and the prices on the steam
boxes are inflated and so anyone with
even the slightest bit of tech savvy
will notice immediately that it's
cheaper and more advantageous to build
your own
well steam is imagine they're actually
not making the hardware themselves right
like third parties are actually making
the steam boxes right they're not
willing to sell their hardware to loss
obviously right so Neen Xbox Microsoft
they're willing to sell at a loss just
to get in more homes yes steam is not
going to Palmas not gonna have that
advantage with the steam box they're
third party people who are making new
consoles for them that have different
hardware in them which is just going to
confuse people also don't want to sell
their boxes at a loss right ah mistake
mistake it's it's just a thing where
it's like yeah I think lizard you put it
more correctly which is the only people
tech savvy enough to even know
about steam boxes would already be
building their own machines right which
is the thing well they're selling to the
wrong market right and if you were
looking to sell to the console market
you need to bring your prices down which
they're not going to we need to have
uniformity yes and uniform and they have
uniformity in the operating system
because the operating system will be big
picture most sure but too many choices
console player can't can't handle any
choice greater than do I want the black
one or the blue one that must mean that
was a low blow that was thought up is
funny yes so I said it anyway I was a
low blow
that was funny that was very long no one
there is a can't jump up to get this
right after you have to wait till it
tells you right just get yourself an oh
yeah it'll be great
Sablin somebody can't open their mind up
to different systems what have I not
done that I've criticized the steam box
because I think they're making mistakes
you know I've criticized the PlayStation
4 and the Xbox one because the games are
all crap now but tonight I have also
shown my love for the NES and the
PlayStation 2 sure I love my PlayStation
3 and it should be stated that the ps4
there's some great Xbox 360 games there
are some great big specs through six
games I think that the ps4 is a fine
system it's able to handle decent
graphics I think it's a fine system
unfortunately there's not many games you
can play for the fine system that it is
and I think that's our issue oh pardon
me the Wii U that has some good games
that has some games that I want to play
love the Wii yeah we write we game we
have some great games the the issue you
know with Nintendo's you know the types
of games you can be playing if you like
those games then you will probably enjoy
those games
you haven't even played the system and
you've written it off completely see
here's the great thing about steam boxes
we have played this system
it plays PC games steam boxes honor
that's fine that's fine and we were not
bashing steam or big picture mode hey
and I've played in big picture mode and
it's fine
you know I get what I used my mouse
right I never used the controller to
broasted it's fine it's you know what it
works for picking out your games and not
much helps makes makes it a pain in the
ass to another window yeah yeah yeah
right
yeah I've used big picture mode before
it's the only problem is like besides
picking out what game you're going to
play the functionality drops real
quickly what do I think is keeping
developers from making a good game for
consoles cost cost is 1 and the process
the process of getting your game on a
console going through going through the
time and effort and paperwork necessary
to get your game on a console I think is
a lot more than developer then most
developers want to deal with cost and
business fence to previous generations
games were made by developers who had an
idea for a game they wanted to make and
they were passionate about it now a lot
of the great development houses have
been bought out by publishers or run by
businessmen who just wanted to print
their money yep yep and so if you are a
game developer who's passionate about
making a games you want to go the
cheapest route that will reach the most
amount of people which is generally
Bioware used to own themselves
lookingglass went under they they own
themselves they didn't have a publisher
to buy them yeah so it's it's it's just
math its money yeah and by the way it's
money for independent developers -
that's all they're looking for and it's
it's cheaper and more efficient for them
to just make games for PC which is fine
which is fine everything's fine all the
time boink your your fancy of the order
graphics they don't come cheap yeah this
is an artist has to make every one of
those objects and textures everything
couldn't the market for steam boxes be
people who need to upgrade hardware for
gaming but their PC is good enough for
all the normal computer stuff still
cheaper to upgrade yourself but for more
casual PC guys that aren't interested in
doing it it's a very small market you're
talking about and and that's the thing
that is that's exactly the market but I
just I do very small market that's this
this is the thing I don't think it's a
big market we could be proven wrong it
is quite possible but I just don't think
it's that big a market
here right we need more gay porn stories
to get off this steambox topic good game
me heady game stuff I love it yeah
I won't target about the steam box it's
it'll be interested I'm really actually
legit excited about this controller
though I want to know I want to know all
the weird stuff I can do with this
controller I'm curious to get my hands
on I just don't think it's gonna replace
my mouse right oh sure I like the idea
of it but I don't think it's gonna have
enough funds inconvenient and
comfortable to really reach places sure
sure
steam boxes equals another porn title
that's true I like that that's really
funny
and yes I did see in an attempt to
change topics but keep it on games rich
did you see Nintendo has officially
announced it is working with iOS
developers yeah to develop games for
your iPhones and iPads I've not heard
that it's true um this is neither good
news or bad news
this is it's news it's news Nintendo
gets to try stuff favor they've earned
that the developer they've chosen to
publish through is a well-known
developer and none has made no games
that I care about but they're big
well-known mobile developer good for
them don't intend oh oh shit that's it
donut end of partnerships usually end up
with the other parties seeking revenge
on Nintendo isn't that historically how
this goes it is it's very surprising
that Nintendo wouldn't be handling this
stuff in-house they're usually so closed
when it comes to stuff like this
especially game development that that in
and of itself makes me think that it's
not going to last because Nintendo won't
care about the products that they push
out if they were handling it themselves
like I'm sure they'll be making and
writing the game but because they're
they are working with someone else to
push out the games it makes me think
that this is not going to be a main
priority for a Nintendo so yeah I'm not
optimistic did you say
oh wait I want to get past the spot
first I'm gonna say here this is kind of
annoying
sure
if I buy a game on my Wii U I should be
able to play it on my 3ds no that's not
true
those are entirely two entirely
different platforms maybe you don't
understand how game works that's fine
oh shit
Nintendo aren't making games for iOS
they're making Nintendo themed content
for games so like microtransactions
skins and stuff basically this is gonna
be like the the Philips CDI all over
again
amazing I decide that we need a
remastering yeah I want to play those
games
this is a 3d version of Madeline
O'Malley I've gone on the Virtual
Console no I still think it's different
but I still think that the coding is
different you you're paying you're
paying for the platform about the game
so choose your platform wisely sometimes
you got to make that choice
playing Maximo movie recently and I keep
wanting to double jump just max alone oh
sure I'm sure that's an ability again
later
yeah and yes some Vita and ps4 titles
are interchangeable like that like you
can you know pick it up on the Vita and
put it down and then pick up the same
game on the ps4 it's not for every game
but that the Vita and the ps4 are very
different consoles than the 3ds and the
Wii U so that's the difference that's
the difference what do you think rich
are you digging this so far it's
acceptable okay
did you say it's standard game standard
platform standard Metroid
yeah look standard it looks pretty it
looks
standard Rd platformer I played a little
bit of earthbound wasn't terribly into
it but I'm sure it's great I know I know
it's obviously this cult classic thing
don't see the ability treat be to go to
the ability tree and it will take me to
the now it does now what does Rayman
that's a no oh by the way raiment that's
another example of a nice hyper 2d
platformer remains a great game oh not
my charge doesn't work anymore
did they overwrite the charge shot do I
have to undo that what you do hey can I
only have
I used to have an ability to open these
doors not one away how do I get that
back Oh stupid
we all know that is no my charge flame
you stop charging oh that's weird
after I do that upgrade somehow the blue
glow is on the left is your charge meter
on the left oh you have do you have to
have one of those four friggin all right
all right Thank You mr. Chas mal you
don't have any left
you need more Chloe's get your Chloe's
they're like keys
any reason why I don't post to write it
anymore I'm around don't do what Oh they
said any reason why I don't post to read
it anymore I still think I post I think
I just posted the other day I'm on the
reddit I'm there
oh nothing interesting to talk about
I'm on reddit's I check out the red
letter media subreddit in case anyone
wants to talk or whatever is I don't
know I'm there
don't think that was the way to go
sometimes you guys don't talk about
stuff so can you flip the lever that you
were at I mean I need to be a pear
producer there's a lever right there was
a lever yeah I don't know Sonny treason
all over the place look a branch I was
wondering why you weren't flipping that
that was just like what's going on
rich didn't know that was a Leever
course i didn't know that was a leaver a
leaver
yeah that's right I'm hips I'm all up on
the reddit's he's hip to that Jam hip to
the rabbit Jam how about that steam box
how about that animate that amazing
console generation we're in right now
with no games worth speaking about but
what about but the pretty pretty power
they have power of power
they sure do that's the only thing that
matters the power they got power
yeah you playing with power are you
playing the power you know you know oh
Jesus Christ
lemon the hot honey water and apple
cider cleared that block signed us right
up oh I know I need something I need so
it's getting better it's getting better
but you can expect the next prereq
episode I was just talking with Jay
about that earlier ah it's it's done
the next prereq is done I just need to
do a final a final check you know make
sure there's no there's no black frames
or anything and add in what game we're
playing next which with which rich and I
just figured out today I think it's
gonna be up on a Friday according to
Davis which is a move that I can agree
with it won't be posted it will be going
live on Friday but it won't be posted to
the red letter media website on Friday
just because we've obviously had a lot
more content than oh when I died down
there for some reason so it won't be
posted to the red letter media site as
because we've been making a lot more
episodes than any other show obviously
we don't want we don't want prereq to we
don't want people to think that it's the
it's the prereq channel so but it will
be going live on our YouTube channel on
Friday is what I'm saying let's hope it
actually is now be sure to miss it there
so it's it's a fun episode obviously
it's know the order 1886 but we have a
very good discussion and yeah it'll be
up on Friday
check the youtubes
what the fuck is this this is Ori and
the blind forest yep prereq has been
banned from rlm for producing too much
pretty much no listen we we understand
that people don't come to red letter
media before previously recorded and
when they come and that's what they see
there they're let down understandable
there is understandable some people who
say really
another prereq and obviously J and Mike
are busy working on stuff from the
future of space so rich and i's output
is a little bit more right now plus
there is a there is a best of the worse
in editing that's right so we do not
take offense to this decision but just
won't let you guys know what's going on
that's right prereq is casting a shadow
that's a very tiny shed no it makes
sense
it makes sense to me anyways you know
that's full of spiders right that's
gotta be full spires of course its
fullest buyers it looks great
by the way I'm creeped out by that you
should be that's okay it's a giant sack
of spiders yeah
that's the by the way that's the thing
for those bringing up those animated
plank insurance J it didn't mention it
was like well you know prereq is the
least viewed thing on the website I was
like hey we get a couple more views than
those pointed animated thing this takes
what you skin gets I'm taking that if I
can get that I'm taken oh shit
do you want to play this at all I'm just
about done no good I'm good I'm my
hotline Miami down I think I think we're
gonna go ok well it's just something
more we need to talk about I think
that's fine ok so yeah keep an eye out
Friday I'll post it like you know
normally when we pose it about noonish a
central thing for a new episode Sunday
Funday stream I think I'm one please
only understood all right
I miss my plane that sounds great and
yep hurry up
gunshot fade to black
