Episode 239
BloodBjörn - Hack & a Half
April 16, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkRYcgLX7tk
___________________________________________

nice restarts I just hit the start frame
button people might see one moment
please but now they should be seeing
blood-borne because by the way something
I want to let you know rich is I did
that thing where I downloaded the thing
the al gato thing and it is working
great okay so I don't know I'm not I'm
not against the old Gotham it wasn't
working it wasn't working for you it's
working for me but hello everybody
welcome welcome to the the Sunday night
hack and a half stream both on I've got
all the ok
you are playing blood-borne I am playing
but what born I love blood blood blood
Bjorn
and I I think also our subscriber
notification is not working at the
moment because of the way I had to set
this up so thank you for subscribing but
do you really appreciate it
right right we we didn't want to stream
this on Wednesday we had this on
Wednesday but we didn't want to stream
it on Wednesday because you know of our
horrible block with Dark Souls but I
I've played it enough now where I am
comfortable playing the game have you
have you gotten past the first boss what
first boss okay okay I've gotten past
two bosses I've got two bosses okay it
depends on what you call the first boss
the one who after you beat him you can
start upgrading your character yes well
you don't even have to beat him you just
have to meet him really
yeah yeah cuz I lost to him the first I
mean eighty times would you believe it
or not I beat him my first time I don't
believe it you did I did oh he did
that's great that's great
it was kind of amazing I'm seeing that
game audio's a little loud so I just
turned to turn the game on it down a
little bit that's great
bridge I can't believe that what we're
what weapon were using if there was you
in the X No okay it's very comfortable
with the ax then I I got that that
fucking hammer sword
oh that dumbass hammer sword you see
dumbass I hate the hammer sword and I
didn't love hammers I love hammers and
games and I hate that hammers are it's
it's both a slow powerful hammer and
it's also a quick agile
yeah
but the sword is so weak
Midnight's of the century thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
by the way I'm not saying I'm a
blood-borne God I don't know how the
hell I'd beat the boss my first time in
countering him I just ended up doing it
I thought I thought um I thought that
the sword was so weak that it was
useless and the hammer was so slow that
it was useless all right so you know and
it couldn't just be my play style where
it were you know I didn't want to I
didn't want you know cuz I found I found
the the saw what's it called
Oh mr. shy smile thank you for
subscribing and being our moderator were
you very very much appreciated I found
this weapon which is we are both really
quiet according to each other we are
both really quiet yes our levels are
good so you can just turn up your
computer I just turned up us a little
bit I'm just going to assume if they're
saying that they're already up I'm just
going to make that assumption I would
also assume I turned us up a little bit
I turned us up and game volume down a
little bit I in general mehdi morris
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it the past seven months now
and dong Antley thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
so I got this weapon and I think you can
see it now yeah which is the the spear
and I found that actually really early
on in the game a body dropped it for me
and I've just been rocking this because
it's been working for me okay and so I'm
yeah like I'm in the second area now so
that was that was a monster drop no not
a monster drop I found it in a corpse oh
okay
like there was a secret area in the in
the first like you know where the rats
are in the first level
rats rats you know the giant rats you
mean those were double things that what
the big werewolf things no not the
werewolves the rats
I don't recall rats oh I haven't got
much further pest first boss because odd
going on yes and that's okay
can you read that latest subscriber I
can't read it from here Bacchus six
months in our own should i go me to go
back a little bit like what is the chen
know about this game yet like you're
like rick do you want me to spoil stuff
cuz like I'm moving I'm moving on I move
on I don't care I don't know about the
chat okay there are the ones water to
see the game though I guess you and like
the chat knows that like you know we're
playing the game tonight it might get
you know there could be spoilers this
but I'm just playing I'm just playing
and you know a spoiler alert for the
review I have very complicated feelings
about the game in general but spoiler
alert is I just in general wanted to
play this game more so that's why I'm
playing and someone suggested it and so
I'm here playing that's that so you
don't remember rats you don't remember
giant rodents no okay so there's a whole
area that you didn't explore okay which
is awesome and it's before it's before
the first boss I know I know the village
undead kind of mob yeah
the monster mob
I have not played in like a couple days
yeah the resident evil dogs yeah I know
there's that that big giant ogre thing
with the with the axe and and you beat
him and there's really like no damn
great reward yep oh no one like he's not
protecting anything it's just there so I
remember beating him the first time I'm
being so disappointed and loving the
fact that there was nothing behind him
loving it those those troll things you
know we're playing together fire the
boss the big giant thing with a giant
arm oh one fart on the bridge oh so you
haven't gotten to the other boss yet no
that's the boss you're talking about oh
you have not gotten as far as I have no
no I don't think I have oh I've been
busy with with stuff on either side I
know you have I know I know you guys are
doing stuff okay so yeah there there's a
there is a I also that that giants like
troll hair monster yeah
I also beat him my first try because I
found him and didn't you know that I was
finding him and I had a bunch of
so pissed because you know like here I
am in a boss encounter and
I really thought I really tried on that
boss but I guess I also became my first
go I thought you were talking about the
next boss which by the way wait till you
get to the island okay I'm really
disappointed I came across a glitch in
this area the other day yeah and I was
hoping it would happen again I recorded
it already there was a beautiful there
was a beautiful bridge what I have to do
I have the repeating revolver Marceau
just because I don't really quite
understand what the different revolver
is do and I barely use the revolver
anyway
yeah I don't I don't like the revolver
at all like I had it I also have like a
cheap wooden shield maybe I should try
using that you know what I'm gonna try
using my cheap wooden shield okay I
picked up a cheap wooden shield I've
been playing with my Amazon lady
Amazonian Amazonian we when we recorded
oh no
Jack confirmed for super-skrull you
haven't seen me die yet did you see me
fall off the thing you're about to see
me fall off I just fell off the thing
come on still lingering cough but uh in
any case well I don't even know where I
was there's there's some I am so oh yeah
so we we started playing with I made a
me which was you know a bald skinny man
with glasses that I thought I thought it
was really funny but I got sick of I got
sick of looking at him yeah so I made an
Amazon woman I basically just took the
default and made minor changes because
if it gets a fart oh yes there is a
Gatling gun there is a Gatling gun in
this area that's not fun oh but it's
sure to get you Judy
yeah shooting at me and the monsters in
this area area of town
and they don't and and so there's no
like crime and there's no problem and
the hunters are the problem in this area
if you see how I'm attacking here
basically the saw is in light attack
mode and I'm pressing light attack
button over and over and that's kind of
my default I don't know how you've been
playing but that's how I've been playing
with what baby with my with my saw spear
I've been using
mostly the axe no you're not done the
counter-attack one oh you mean like
attack them like hit them while they're
attacking you yep and then that slows
them down I I can't get the timing right
you you hit the mother attacking you and
then that staggers them and then when
they they get staggered you can do that
that one fancy super oh okay how did you
not know this cuz I don't use it very
much because I don't use it very much
okay is the real answer then okay we're
gonna we're gonna play it smart this
works it works pretty good on the big
enemies with long slow attacks
oh yeah like fighting ogres shoot them
yeah you shoot them when they're in the
middle of swinging that giant axe and
then they get stunned and then you just
do that that special attack from massive
damage yeah that works great for
fighting over okay so now now we're
running from again
it's this thus order 1886 this actually
has gameplay okay it's true this is a
game I don't know if you guys have heard
about
it's pretty neat I feel like the lock on
and change free time I just
something something like
okay
so I've actually been playing killer is
dead when I should I probably for all by
all rights I know I should be planning
this but you should be playing this rich
this is your drown I know I know what
you're saying is you've been shirking
your responsibilities there's stuff
going on and I just haven't been in the
mood for for something that requires
this much brain power you know a
difficult game where you got to try
really hard just one yeah I fell off a
thing the Lord gonzo thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate that
I fell off a thing again I did I'm sorry
I know I felt there's nothing I can do
about it I fell off a thing you know
still new to this area I kind of want to
explore over here there was like a
hidden thing and I kind of want to go
over there but I think this is the
correct way to go I've made it further
in this area before and so I know this
is the correct way to go and I see
someone in the chat just saying that I'm
spam
get back over and over again and I mean
yes you know but I'm also like you know
like I know when the enemies are
attacked bounced out of the way and I
can get I've leveled up my endurance
enough where I can get four or five
strikes quick strikes okay so that's
just like my most efficient mode of
attacking I'm just explaining my
experience no yeah yeah something you
just saw me do let's see if I can find
another one one of the most upsetting
things about the game for me this is
obviously upsetting you see this box
right here everybody I just broke it
open broke it open and it's great you
could there's all this stuff that you
can break in the game and you know
what's in the stuff nothing there's
nothing ever in the stuff that you can
break and it's really constant good good
then maybe you just will run around
breaking everything like I've returned
listen
there's stuff that you want to break and
I want to break it you can break it you
know to break the shit yeah but then why
has a breakable stuff
somebody's I'm hunting okay I am I'm
doing the public service
and that means I can steal and break
that's how it works
that makes you sound like a bandit I
scavenger and abandoned I'm a little bit
of both
can't I be a little bit of both weapon
probably really has good range if you
use the other attack mode instead of
instead of getting up close when you're
surrounded it does have good range the
only five it has a slower swing that
would be a nice thing to like you know
take advantage of sure it just has a
slower swing okay doctor scientist thank
you just like I can do I can do the same
thing if I if I have it in in compact
mode check what is wrong with her face
what is wrong
I discovered a blood right now okay it
was like that when you first started oh
I didn't I did put a scar on her face
okay okay but no no as you play the game
yeah you'll notice you know in between
going to your dream space which is where
you upgrade your weapons inside yeah
as you play the game you get covered in
blood and film you haven't made it to
the rat area yet and you get covered in
sewer filth and that you know like it
never cleans up nice locator I gave her
a scar like I made her one I made her an
Amazon I turned all the sliders up to
the largest everything and I want to say
I gave her the background of like like
the troubled background where you get
more points yeah bud well you get more
points yeah I have no idea what you can
choose you can choose your characters
backgrounds and I have no idea
I do miss the time when games actually
came with a man cuz I had to go online
to figure out what someone's batshit
dead
this does have a digital I notice the
inventory screen and what I meant to
tell you what your stats do but stats
about
sure-sure here no I I like playing his
ladies you know why cuz it's the thing
you look at the entire game that's a
real thing is you you cannot fuck around
in this game and I was fucking around
and I got shot by the me fucking arrived
I know and I shouldn't have been
I shouldn't have been fucking around but
I was
beckylyn games had medals yeah I didn't
I didn't I didn't use them very much my
preference he used to interested pick up
the game and learn by doing
sure whatever every now and then there
was something I wanted to have I'm sure
very helpful situation this has a
digital manual you in the main menu of
the ps4 you can go to the digital menu
it's very hard to navigate the digital
menu the digital manual fun it has it if
you so desire whatever do you have any
tips to heat up my my love life well
honestly fine find somebody who you can
also be good because know a relationship
you're gonna be spending a lot of time
and it really hopes to also do their
friend then you can like the same shit
wow that was real advice yeah hey that's
that's great I'm just I'm just shocked
oh yeah that's right there was another
I mean what you're looking for is a
brick a best friend with boobs
kind of a kind of a breast friend really
yeah I mean you need a breast
I said that I needed a new headset my my
headset is currently attached to my head
late I said blanket tied around my head
send me a link you know send me an
Amazon link rich ok send me an Amazon
link and I will order it it will happen
how many times have I died in this game
many I've died many many times I don't
know if it keeps track of it anywhere
but I can look it up I have died many
many times in this game which is part of
my part of my complicated feelings
towards the game is the amount of deaths
is I'm trying to think of like they're
my I can graph in a wave in a perfect
wave how much I love / hate this game
you know like when the wave comes up I
love the game
perfect I'm I'm sure we will talk about
difficulty one way when we do fill the
episode absolutely I how much you want
to talk about that kind of stuff now
well you know like there's not that many
people watching now and you know the
deep so probably won't go up on YouTube
until after the review is up and so like
you know we can talk about it a little
bit we don't have to it doesn't need to
be a big thing I'm just trying to
actually look right now to see if there
is a number of deaths is what what what
what do you feel the difficulty sweet
spot is and again right that's hard
that's hard to judge because and where
does where does blood-borne fall and
that like like one of my one of my
favorite games mmm
the the 3d Ninja Gaiden game not the
classic that's one but the 3d one okay
game starts off balls hard mm-hmm but
just by playing it you've naturally get
better and even though it's balls you
get to the point where you can get
really good at that game and make it
through dying a minimal number of times
actually on normal and see see I started
that when I first played that game I the
first the first fucking boss was beating
my ass I didn't think I would ever even
get through the
and I at some point I had mastered I
like a difficulty when a game is just
it's difficult but it's also master able
yes I don't you know I haven't played it
that much yet I'm wondering if
blood-borne will ever be master ball to
me or if I'm all he's just gonna be done
dying a ton and desperate to level up
for the next section section there was a
section in the game where I grinded I
had to grind in order to I don't I don't
know that I like that I mean I hate I
hate oh sure sure and and you know this
is something we've talked about before
the grind you know a lot of people refer
to grinding as just leveling up and I
you know to me grinding is when you are
purposefully not completing the meant
objective of the game in order to raise
numbers that's grinding you know like
just leveling up your character like
going through the game as naturally
intended and leveling up your characters
not grinding that's just lovely no no no
that's that's great yeah that's great
that's customization that's that's
wonderful thing but when you are
purposefully not moving forward another
thing was just like am I gonna die if I
do this thing I'm about to do I'm kind
of I think I think I went the wrong way
I tried going a different direction just
to see what would happen and so there
was a section in this game when I felt
like I needed to grind in order to
progress and so I did I and and by the
way you know like the first area which
you haven't seen all of you is huge its
massive and I went through and killed
every single monster in that first area
yeah which I mean felt great but but
that was grinding
your first time through that's okay if
you're replaying that section just to
get more points that's that's grinding
oh no but I was I had to replay it over
and I like I had to go through and kill
all the monsters a couple times in order
to raise some stats okay you know I'd go
through the grind
I'd kill all the monster I'd raise some
stats try this other and boss guy failed
miserably
before I forget her deck now Klem
Fandango thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
notifications are not on right now I
couldn't in order to start on time I
couldn't figure out how to get the
notifications working with the elgato
stream okay if I see them I will shout
the Bob yep and you know you guys know
just remind us just tell us just like
yeah thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we very much do grinding and
whatnot so so that was the thing where
where I hit that point of the game of
course then I was able to I did I did
not
that I beat him using sneaky sneaky
tricks yeah I felt actually really bad
like like pine resin no not like what
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Wow teh h py f c/e the pipes the pipes
there is a star wars flights in who's
someone in the chat just said we need to
oh we need a new star wars flight soon
okay yeah I thought I thought they just
said we need a star wars flights and
it's like have you
oh it happened again it happened again
yes there's a guy in the ground
and it's awesome he can speak you can
still get you personally I suspect
frenzy and some torch you know it's not
like I don't trust you
Kaka over 9000 oh there is there is look
at that you'll see him in a second rage
but it's just the guy in the ground this
is exactly what happened yesterday and I
had to quick like stop the game and get
my capture device so I could capture the
enemy in the ground and you can hit him
like that I just hit him in the and he
can come up and hit you through the
ground but like he can hit you he's like
a shark he's like a demon shark
here we go wait for the minigun so you
know difficulty to me is on a wave no
you know what this just said it's gonna
annoy you what somebody just said our
audio is out second spent time getting
us know you and I should be perfectly
insane should be no no I mean we we are
we rich and I are coming through on the
same audio channel we are we're probably
slightly off of the game like ready I'm
gonna go swing and swing now that second
swing was perfect so I were slightly off
we're not a hundred percent perfect but
we're pretty close
I'm not there I'm watching it on Twitch
so for me that's completely off oh yeah
yeah so if I'm if I'm talking about
something going out of the game it's
it's very yes yeah we should be like but
in a millisecond we should be like well
somebody says for a second somebody else
is three seconds somebody else's two
three seconds ahead of the game yeah oh
my god well okay then I did a recording
test I did a recording test earlier and
we were we were like like I said
milliseconds before the game but nothing
I'm gonna do that come here
come over here and fight me Oh
it was pretty great okay
cross this thing to fight the birds
and they crawl on the ground which makes
them extra creepy yeah you see birds
that don't fly that's weird yeah you
know other than like fucking penguin I
know the chance can bring what about
penguins rich what about our yeah yeah
you know what penguins penguins and
ostriches are creepy
it's like I know I have like I have all
these weapons that I'd like I never use
small towels or throwing knives I'm
frankly shocked I've made it as far as
the monsters dickheads yeah then they'd
just be deformed people my free nature
the monster has to be a dickhead
otherwise otherwise the word means
nothing right
they're just there it is what was that
this is the real thing about the law
house this is
a technical problem that I have with the
game is lock onto a month re lock on to
the my god is that a real thing that's
real thing oh my god I'm going I've
already set up Auto target problem-solve
Auto target
switch oh my god that was a real thing
that was bothering me very real and I
just fixed it we're gonna see if this
works I mean I'm sure it's gonna work
that's good you know what we're learning
what do you guys think of being
frustrated with games that you know what
something I've just been figuring out
for me is like whether or not
whether or not I would keep playing this
game if I wasn't reviewing it that's a
big thing for me and I don't necessarily
know the answer to that I think I want
to go up here and fight the dickhead
who's been shooting at me with a gun but
he's like a boss character well give it
you know what I've been dying enough
we'll give it a try
I mean I don't I I may be having the
same problem or it could just be the
nature of getting home from work with
bullshit we've been doing and not just
not feeling like playing a difficult
game just wanting to relax sure you know
that couldn't just be the issue but I
think I'm having the same feeling as far
as what I keep playing this and and like
I said it goes and waves for me where I
hit moments where I love this game I hit
moments where this is honestly my jam oh
yeah when I when I when I beat that
first boss yeah yeah oh you feel great
like you you know this game is difficult
enough where like you accomplish things
she works she works well with the body
types in this game I do I need to get
better with my face oh I agree
so somebody's saying you can you can
maneuver yourself so this guy falls off
the building I will I will absolutely
was somebody was saying that I will
absolutely cheat I will absolutely cheat
that dude this dude is optional they're
saying and yeah I think he is optional I
just don't want him to shoot at me
anymore
I see you've played nicely Spoony before
the trick is to immediately spam
shooting him once you get to the top and
he will fall off I need to go buy more
bullets then I only have blood bullets
right now and I can only hold five blood
bullets at a time I can only hold five
blood bullets at a time
it sounds middle weight well fight with
block bullets hey by the way let's let's
see see ya I have the hunters torch
right here
alright let's you know what let's see
what happens and I can I can shove it at
people
I just restarted open oh by the way
anything dude still bought me oh they
are they actually are they're kind of
backing off
you have to oh yeah but then you just
get surrounded so basically if I wanted
to I feel like my mom threw the whole
the whole encampments instead of
fighting
I saw
doesn't make it easier to attack them
want one no no maybe one on one like
what the problem was is they would some
of them it made it harder to predict
their movements okay and so some of them
would back off and some of them would
lunge
I'm not real earnings
on it Jack over 9000 wants an apology
about the torture you know what you're
right
cop technically that did work cockle
over 9,000 and I am sorry
I jumped to conclusions we have we have
we have trust issues
oh my god
first thing I did once I got home very
different gamers your your console guy
originally you're not used to options
I'm not I'm not used options now this
isn't a console game as a general rule
PC gamers love their customization and I
think I think we're used to looking that
kind of stuff yes I'm gonna go ahead and
say that you're right only because it
yes
so the idea with the gun is you wait -
oh crap wait to see them attacking then
you use your gun yeah and then you do
that give it a go go hey hey oh we give
not fighting words
it's likethey perry and we have no
bullets oh the red number so oh oh the
birds came to me
so if you're ever if you're a boy you
can press up on the d-pad which are more
powerful I've never had a problem I've
never run out all I always seem to come
across health files of course this is
the second area so yeah we're gonna give
this some time with this guy here nope
I'm just not fast enough to do pairing
you might want some more mo efficient
two pistols yeah normally what I do is I
wait until they attack dodge
why do you try this new exciting way I I
am I am but my my gun
this is what this is probably where a
blunderbuss would come in handy
hey come here monster come here oh you
hi look at him he's a jerky hides in the
shadows I can come to the tree
you know I do believe there is some sort
of co-op for this game
you could bring other people into your
game
like a call for assistance I don't know
it's like you get to choose
we can why don't you but you're at home
yeah
yeah so your internet is less that's
true that's true
come over here monster yeah over there
she / she works in most of the time
which is me I don't know if we've ever
like discussed it officially but like
with with like FTL right the the
technique you use for beating the
mothership is pretty different than you
used to beat every other ship yeah I
mean you know you can get through the
entire game with a completely different
set of tools and then you get to that
mothership and you'll be a bit boned
well there's some strategies that just
work really well yeah
I'm gonna skip I'm gonna skip captain
bond got me to see if we can find
another checkpoint to see if we can get
to another checkpoint so dick Neutron
dick neutral wants to know what's the
story for this game and that's a great
question yeah I don't think the game
doesn't really care the game just kind
of fuzzy setting it yeah cuz they're
they're more concerned with the game
light when they are story
they just with all they really want is
atmosphere that's that's okay yeah
there's like vague I I would like more
context what I'm doing
they have like bag hunting demons yes
well and they did say that the hunt is
only one night there it's like the night
of the hunt where this is a like it's a
regular thing the night of the hunt so I
don't know if it's like a once a year
once a millennium once a week now this
is pure speculation on my part yeah but
you said you know you might be becoming
a monster yeah I suspect complete
speculation on my part so it's not
really a spoiler
I suspect you already are you know you
know how the the the early monsters you
meet those was kind of like Town mob
guys yeah and they say things like stay
back David I'm waiting for the twist
where it turns out you're just
perceiving the world differently in
their normal villagers and you're some
kind of monster that's the twist I'm
waiting I don't know that it's going to
happen yeah oh by the way one
oh my god this I came to the wrong
neighborhood sir Hillary man fat thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
there's so many monsters
you know I'm here now
fuck you guys are much
does the game know is it just me or does
this game not have a soundtrack it's
very ambient the soundtrack is very
ambient and in the background I do have
like music and stuff turned down a lot
yeah j-man 3 5 8 6 thank you for
subscribing we'd really appreciate and
of course game volume compared to rich
and I stalking is also down but like no
the soundtrack is very minimal the the
sound in general is very nice like a lot
of splatter a lot of great monster
noises but the soundtrack is is very
minimal yeah somebody wants to know what
the chances are of me doing a no death
run on a from software game any from oh
well we're chill do I know that from
possibly on 3d Dot Game Heroes but Dark
Soul shit oh god no but I think you
would do a no death run it just wouldn't
last very long that's true complete
complete ain't no Debra Oh completed
know that sure oh yeah I would assume
that if I was just being funny yeah
chances are minimal
that would be a really fun night though
where it's like you know cuz generally
the no deathrun rule is as soon as as
soon as you die the stream is over
and so just be a very very short stream
dude thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
all right also you guys are seeing a lot
of this game a lot of this game going
through the same which is why I kind of
have my love and hated curve where it
does it like you know at the same time I
hate it cuz I do it gets monotonous you
know like going through the same things
over and over again but equally it
reminds me a lot of of kind of
you know so okay then this is just the
thing that happens and the only the only
problem is he can attack you from the
floor why don't you just not bother with
him yeah
well cuz the minigun starts shooting and
also how do you feel about the loading
times or how big I know that was a that
was a complaints that I saw
and also the stream is stuttering like a
motherfucker is it yeah I don't even
know if they can they can hear us
oh I see that now yeah I'm in the red
are we are we still audible this dream
turned into a slide show oh I'm sorry
I'm who's doing that oh that's right the
guys in the yeah we're in the voices
voices are fine but you just aren't
hearing yeah seeing the game okay
yeah we are we're dropping frames all
over the place hold on yeah you figure
this out
dropping frames much like it's hot you
figure this out Grandmaster Jack I mean
there's not much I can do just an
internet spike I guess okay oh no we're
back in the green now we're back in the
stream and green for a rock at this guy
oh I forget that guy sees me you can
hear I don't know if you guys can't hear
you can hear what the monster that's
stuck in the floor is stuck in the
ceiling of where we are right now
but he's just up there making it a hissy
fit because he's stuck in the floor and
I kind of love that blood vials
everywhere maybe he'll come over here we
know the videos is is stuttering you
know oh no we should be good now like we
are in that we are in the green on open
broadcaster at the moment so it should
be better now it should be tolerable
Stanek still you seem fine to me
okay in the past here I know I gotta
fight the birds cuz you come after me
later
like let your classic Mega Man's where
you know it's hard but it seems like you
can just get there every time and of
course you know your skill does get
greater over time blood echoes I might
go back Justin which is which is a
little a little grindy because of course
I'll have to go through this entire
section again and all the monsters gone
that's the nature of the game it is and
that's part of the down the downswing
right now I'm in a downswing area where
I feel it feels like it feels like a
chore to play it right now she had a
saying you really need to practice the
gun parry I know I know I do maybe I
should buy the other gun it's bullets
and also I need bullets that's a real
thing monsters
mo chedda their gun is
something about shoot time shoot times
like how fast you can choose like right
now I have the repeating pistol well if
you just if you're just using it to
parry you don't you don't mean the hyper
fast shoot times
well sure cuz then you know my pet my
repeating pistol seems like it takes a
while just to shoot in general okay I
mean yeah I don't know what any of these
things mean let's see your physical
attack obviously blood attack Amy don't
buy firearms right number of quick
silver bullets consumed oh here is so
that's what that is okay so my repeating
pistol uses two bullets every time I
fire it yep whereas the blunderbuss only
uses one okay I'm getting it I'm
understanding I'm still trying to find a
reason to use the blunderbuss over the
hunter pistol
look at that look leave the 70 versus 20
in that blood attack probably just
durability I guess that's the trade-off
but like yeah it doesn't seem like it
does much of a difference hunters used
blunderbuss easiest to parry easiest to
parry yeah I don't know why exactly
maybe she's easier to score a hit sure
sure cuz you need to be you need to be
close range for the period of working
right okay you know what I'm gonna go
for it I'm gonna buy the blunderbuss
okay we bought it although I'm gonna put
my other pistol in my
in my store
it is also the windshield I don't need
it
pistol
I don't have the hunters pistol I have
the repeating pistol oh I also still
have the hunters pistol hunters pistol I
guess I didn't sell usually I sell stuff
like I I that's that's usually my mo is
I just sell stuff I don't even know you
could sell weapons
oh yeah its are the people to the guys
in the pool oh yeah all right I bet you
could so like normal items you pick up
like a weapon oh yeah oh yeah well I
have the hunter pistol already oh and I
can't oh I can I might be able to add
special gems to that maybe I do want
thunder kiss oh hold on I'm gonna why
can't I use the hunters pissed off guard
how was your oh I forgot to onion check
yeah we need to have certain skills
upgraded before you use some weapons
hold on why is this game devoid of any
color just ugly to watch that's that's
every big game these days this is not
new information
yeah grays and browns that's realistic
everything's great Brown everything's
green Brown you know thief ancient game
at this point right but everything in
that game is kind of like dark because
you know stealth game now but they still
manage to work in a lot of just
beautiful vivid colors oh sure
tramp I didn't want to know what the
what the new one looks like just color
wise where's my broom to bust now no
apparently I can't put gemstone