Episode 240
BloodBjörn - Hack & a Half (Part 2)
April 17, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1JL-V8dQvQ
___________________________________________

is it my Brunner bus you haven't gotten
to the gemstone thing yet probably not
oh no I'm telling you
I have upgraded a weapon I have greatly
expand yeah there so there's nor there's
normal upgrades like there's
fortification which is normal here Allah
will go through this with the chap I
know there's the pears yeah so there's
so there's repairs and you know every
weapon breaks down actually I should
repair my saw it breaks down I have no
idea what happens if it gets to zero but
yeah and then you can fortify which is
basically like upgrading your weapons oh
and I can I can upgrade my sauce spear
awesome doing that totally doing that
which means more attack power and and I
can add and I can add another stone and
eventually you get to this blood gem
fortification and you pick up blood gems
and then you can it adds like up like I
have all these blood gems I can add a
physical attack what is this dude charge
attack up 1.8% physical attack up 1.4
percent nice
faster than XCOM wants to know what I'm
going to do a thief stream if you look
look at our archives somewhere my first
solo stream I I did stream a bit of
thief so till the game crashed and I
hadn't saved recently so we just started
a new game after that as far as when
I'll stream it again I think I think me
the next stream I do a Fievel probably a
while because my next playthrough is
probably just gonna be just just for me
because because oz might pointed me out
of those loose recent like updates to d3
and whatnot it kind of made me want to
play through the series sure I think I
think I think I think the next time I
play the thief games it's just gonna be
for Meeks I want to get immersed back in
that world and I don't have to be chat
at the same time I just couldn't some
I'm looking forward to you know yeah I
like that but after I'm after I do that
I'm sure I'll stream it at some point
mmm as far as which thief is my favorite
1 or 2 1 1 1 is better for the story 2
is better for the actual gameplay that's
good to know
I need it I am I am thinking about
playing through no more heroes heroes on
stream
Jack Jack doing doing no death run yeah
I could pull that off pretty easily with
the first one mm-hmm quicksilver boss I
can pull it off with the second one but
that last boss ISM bitch I forgot what
the bullets were called
it's Quicksilver but what's is that or
something right yeah it is but I forgot
oh and so like I was in my storage and
oh I don't have any storage dammit I can
I can only buy like three Quicksilver
plants cuz I spent all my money it spent
all my money on that other gun I could
sell a gun but night you know you don't
want to you don't want to sell guns I
don't want to sell again my other gun in
store oh I am Jam side thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do somebody wants me to stream
thief all J and Jack talk about stuff no
you do see here's the thing with thief
hmm you to enjoy thief appropriately you
need to be in a quiet dark room yeah you
can't that game requires you to get
immersed you can't can't have
distractions and and still enjoy it as
much as you would have otherwise right
like you don't want Jay and I talking
about spider-man or other such nonsense
bullshit while you're trying to enjoy a
game yes that world yeah in a brightly
lit room with people talking about stuff
oh by the way I understand completely
now I can buy me some I can buy eight
Quicksilver bullets I'm thinking it's
kind of kind of the same with Dishonored
I play that through for the first time I
kind of want that to be just on my own
sure and I think that similar reasons
know I just stored all my blood vials
come on let's get it together spirit
lifts cannot believe how long it's taken
you to do this I don't know
well the spirit lift number one fuck off
and also number two there is no number
two just fuck the fuck off I'm playing
this at my own pace I'm not attempting
to to speed through this for anyone or
anything I'm just doing this as I
normally would and this is how I play
games like I go slowly I take my time so
Don Jack somebody wants you to go up to
the level up down and do a bow it's too
late I've already left you've already
left you know ok I did accidentally hit
the level up doll I accidentally swung
my my saw at her and you can monitor it
was an accident you can injure her can
you kill her I don't I would assume so I
injured her like a health bar showed up
and I injured her you monster yeah you
monster
I did one it was an accident
and I didn't kill her like I didn't then
try to kill her
okay I now have my blue door boosts and
my regular Hunter Hunter's pistol -
because why not and now we are gonna try
this whole dodge Perry thing okay so I
wait until the enemy is striking and hit
him because it just seems like they
didn't get stunned at all my way seems
more efficient my what in my way I don't
waste bullets is there pressure to
finish blood-borne to keep up with our
release schedule is a question from the
shed the real question is do we need to
finish it in order to gauge our feelings
on the game I don't think we need to
100% completely well sure this review
will probably not be out on Friday oh
yeah I think yeah this will probably not
be out of Friday unfortunately there's a
lot of stuff happening I mean I want I
want to figure out this whole my whole
love/hate wave thing first okay and
because that that's really important to
me
or not I did enjoy playing it I honestly
have not figured out overall oh I'm sure
I'm not even close I'm still the first
tombstone okay like there's all those
different tombstones that say all those
different things and I'm still in the
first tombstone so it's I'm sure this is
a deep deep game you know ya know to
answer your question not even close
all right we're gonna try that we're
gonna try a bullet thing with this
monster you know what I'm gonna try
dodge bullet I was getting a decent
doing of fighting those older things I
don't get it I don't get the gun thing
which i think is a big deal the fact
that I don't get the gun thing I want to
say is a big deal it is a big deal yeah
apparently it's a huge part of this game
yeah and because I don't understand it
I'm you know I feel like I miss enough
I'm saying convince me that my slash
with the quick attack strategy isn't the
best and so far it's not it's not
working okay
you know the gun doesn't seem to do much
stunned and it's finally cuz I'm hitting
them at the wrong point
right fun what's the advantage what's
the advantage over just rolling and then
slashing you know doing a huge damage at
once it's probably better to use unlock
any base yeah yeah it's better and well
this is what I was saying with FTO or
it's like they're so there's like
there's a different boss strategy than
there is every day I have complicated
feelings okay I'm not saying no I yes I
have complicated feelings okay I see
this big slow grandpa
she didn't seem to be out
yeah and it's like it would have been
quicker for me just to dodge roll out of
the way and slash slash in that
situation I suppose okay come here oh oh
that's right you just hide in the woods
quit hiding in the woods
subscribing we really appreciate its
it's really true we do shop
what do you mean like the Perry shop oh
yeah okay okay I just did it correctly
okay I get it
maybe I get it is what I say right now
though I'm probably gonna completely
miss get get closer after the perry /
too far away as long as you follow me
okay think about like a grab after you
stun it right yep run right up next to
him
okay okay see I think I think Jack knows
that the Perry counter-attacked does
more damage I think Jack's concern is
that he loses more health trying to pull
off the Perry than it is to make it
worth it when he could just wet me all
the way and I'm over and over again and
dodge out of the way right I think I
think that's Jack Sperry being
completely ineffective sure sure
Matt I I would believe that I'm not
necessarily blaming the Perry it's it's
for me it's a question of efficiency
do you think attack me see I'm just
waiting for this thing to attack me when
I could be slashing it does look like a
bad lip in its current state yes I hope
everyone sees what just happened I was
trying to entice this monster to attack
me so I could use the fancy counter and
so I just kept like slashing and
slashing and slashing and eventually
just died because I kept trying to
entice it yeah why why do the monsters
wear blankets because because they want
to look cool like the monster from the
frighteners yeah whatever whatever
issues that movie has that Grim Reaper
oh my god they're like praying this is
so badass the monsters are like praying
to a mutilated corpse sweet yes
just gonna file into this little
stairwell here and I'm gonna burn off
down that that's my plan
I'm still waiting for the reveal that
you're really the boss room just
slaughtering people in a church come
into my narrow hallway all you monsters
oh that wasn't paying attention
come into my narrow hallway monsters
somebody is saying ring the beckoning
email in all caps
you know what I'll work on that as soon
as I don't die from these monsters you
should probably go back to the hunters
dream and not fuck around anymore oh my
god but but I'm here I'm here in this
area and I think I'd oh no there's still
one okay if you want to lose 5,000
I just got shit I think I just got the
last one but I'm I have 11,000 now I'm
so scared you deserved I know I want to
go in this area
you deserved rich there's like a glowy
thing over I don't care
run away and cash that shit in you'll be
unstoppable tank machine no there's like
a glowy altar thing rich there's like a
glowy altar thing over here and in a
mostly empty large room monster and kill
you know I fucking know I fucking know
the monsters are going to murder you and
you're gonna lose ten thousand blood
echoes eleven thousand Oh stupid oh god
oh god I want it I want it I want it so
bad Animas prime go fuck yourself why
how is he doing okay
oh I got a thing rocky I got a thing I'm
running away now I got a thing in I'm
running away it said blood ritual oh
fuck there's and there's another monster
okay
got you you're nothing monster run I see
you why are you just standing there
actually that creeps me out more than
anything is this monster you're standing
in the doorway you cashed those in and
you get all of that know you can always
get back to the altar ring the bell to
get healthier I already did it I just I
beat everybody I beat the whole thing
and I like I kind of want to move
forward it should be noted you're
playing an offline mode oh I also am
playing an offline mode because the all
the things popping up really annoyed me
all the time and I agreed
oh my god I just used the gun correctly
like two times you would be so proud of
it but did you get the you didn't get
the right Perry attack in yeah or no I
didn't special animation once once you
once you stagger them you run right up
next to them and you can use art to the
heavy attack the quick attack Oh use the
quick event yeah
oh I did that and it didn't do anything
we you probably weren't close enough I
was right next to I was close enough I
was close enough to hit them with the
are too thick be close enough to touch
them okay
like it's like a grep okay all right
okay all right I'm running I'm running
back to the thing now I'm now running
back to the thing rich okay 11600 blood
echoes that's it that's a shitload of
upgrades yeah I'm now running away do
you have to run past the minigun where
it's like if I would have run a little
bit further I might have been able to
get to the next the next candle if you
want to try
don't talk to me
I talked to mrs. ladypants
they're saying Jackie hunters master
thank you
yes
i priming I probably there's a ton of
items use use hunter mark to recall
instantly old hunters Mark awakened a
new without losing blood echoes what is
awakened a new mean start over at the
torch should be my guess sacrifice all
blood echoes and then there's hunter's
mark and that sacrifice all blood echoes
to awaken and knew I would you sacrifice
all your blood echoes to awake I don't
know I ran back it's fine ok I ran back
ok so yeah I can awaken a new probably
awakened at the last candle on with that
ok
alright I'm getting it I'd never done
that I just always run back to the
lantern that's it that's what I did the
entire last time when I was grinding it
ok it's just like you know kill all the
enemies and like make might make it into
a circle you know
alright hey lady I went pow welcome home
good hunter what is this oh it's not
that touchpad yeah
may you find your worth in the waking
world I'm saying I don't know without
even bothering to think about it first
which is wrong maybe because I mean I
can't bow doesn't matter you know what I
don't care what is it you desire to be
fair you're making the game grindy by
playing with sure but also you know
whether whether whether I'm running back
to the candle or using an item to get a
candle the grind is still there because
I that what I just did was in grinding
by the way this is leveling up like
normal but if I went through that entire
same thing again and then also went back
to the candle that's yeah that's a grind
choosing not to move forward and instead
raising numbers that's the grind this
what I just did was not grinding I don't
become your strength let me stand close
I love this creepy lady right that's me
stand close okay alright whatever why
are we raising here
oh I'm not this visit this is your
decision I'm not fucking your game on
right what do you like what do you like
leveling I mean vitality is always good
because it gives you a little more
health
i I like I have strength already super
leveled up my strength is at 17
highest number I like leveling up
endurance because that gives you a
longer green bar which means you can do
more of those quick little attacks that
I like to do so like I've been leveling
up endurance as a cheapness press the
left side of a touchpad
okay I'll bow to her when I'm done all
right let's see here let's see here
ran back for too long yeah but I get two
levels I think that's pretty good let's
see so I probably want to raise
endurance again here's what I'm gonna do
let's get out of here we're gonna raise
endurance and then I get one more level
that I get to raise
blood tinge and arcane are pretty weak
but I don't really care about them let's
see here Oh someone says I'm just stay
here and appreciate the color for a
second right there's blues there's
greens reds it's very nice all right and
then it's like do I want to go even one
more in strength what does that do you
can use stronger weapons oh you don't
have a weapon that needs it it's not
gonna do you much immediate good sure
no no bud like it'll give me a little it
gives me a little boost in defense and
it gives me a little boost in attack I
could go to vitality which will just
give me a sliver more health and skill
will give me slightly more attack and I
could do some defense
a lot of things that give me good
defense what did that do that gave me
more defense to more endurance all right
I'm going I'm going
what am I going you know what fucking
I'm going strength that's what I would
do all right
that's our strength and endurance it's
kind of a pendulum
why because I you know I'm sure the
other things have a purpose may you find
your worth in the waking world okay here
we go
here are jesters hunters and Salutation
okay I just found it to her and she
boughs back I bow to her and she bowed
back hunter what is it you desire
yeah well good hunter she bounced back
she bounced back yeah okay I'm gonna sit
down while she sit down - no she boughs
to me again let's let's express the joy
to her dad damn it do the hunters rally
do the hunters rally yes I can't wait to
see this
I'm sitting down now right uh-huh
Oh something it's the next thing you're
gonna do yeah is the first I get up and
then you'll see it okay okay
she's play kids me she's oh oh that's
nice
what a nice hunters right I'm gonna buy
more bullets you know what I'm gonna do
what you're going to do okay all right
what anybody else wants you to do and I
see people asking how far I've gotten in
the game and so you start this is how
far I've gotten in the game is all of
these names are checkpoints and
basically that's your progress so you
know you started in the first floor
sickroom and all of these checkpoints
are my progress so but this is just the
first gravestone there's this gravestone
there's this gravestone I fit yeah this
gravestone blood that looks like the
final gravestone and then there's all
these gravestones over here which I
think are like special challenges
because you need like special things to
get them so there is so much more shit
to do and I've played this game a lot
but I also like diet a lot okay I'm now
stronger I'm now I'm stronger so now
hopefully I can get back to that altar
area and go a little bit further and see
what happens because I think I'm getting
this whole this whole gun thing okay I
think at least with the larger enemies
it made sense the gun thing oh I can't
wait to see this special animation thing
you were talking about but um you saw it
once we're playing together and you said
what was that how did you do that oh
yeah I forgot about that was that shield
guy and I I parried him and then I
punched into his stomach
yeah that's that's what we're talking
about now okay I wonder if my sword
needs to be fully extended to do it I
don't think so
we'll just keep trying how about that
all right how about that I'll just keep
trying
all right back here I do look like the
Undertaker from WWE the way I understand
it there's only one shilling
I've read there's only one in the whole
game and you have it and you got early I
think this game unlike the Dark Souls
game this game is focused on
this is my strategy / / / I'm sure it
lowers my house okay first big guy Oh
previously recorded what do you think
about game exclusive exclusivity good
for business bad for game yeah I mean
you know it is what it is I don't know
it makes sense it gives you reason to
root for one console over the other
which is an inherently stupid thing to
begin with
everyone should root for multi-platform
instead of waiting to hear about the new
exclusive game should be waiting to hear
you know that it's going MultiPlan okay
more people get to enjoy this thing no
but from from a business perspective yes
I understand why they do it yes well and
not just like not just that but like
then that also breeds that also makes
for competition which hopefully
competition spars just a PC market Joe's
right
I mean steam is basically much
dominating PC gaming right sure
what are their prices like oh they're
great steam is the exception that proves
the rule you know there because there's
no other example like that in almost any
other business because who they are
millionaires who worked at Microsoft who
don't necessarily care about money
because they're millionaires who worked
at Microsoft once once Gabe is gone and
once somebody else buys out down yeah
watch those prices go up yeah yeah oh be
somebody else somebody else is gonna buy
it and then like three months later well
we had some new business practices that
are going to improve things for gamers
prices you're just gonna start going up
or making improvements to the the
quality of the service but it comes in a
cost yeah a great grade cost oh sure
sure but like I said because Gabe is who
he is
sure sure that's that's a fair argument
that metric can not be trusted
wait wait only he's dead or retired yes
we'll see what happens with bells in the
long run you might regret it
yes quite possible
he's Daddy Warbucks the old auntie
comics daddy warbucks fixed everything
with money
okay by the way I don't know if you saw
earlier if you were watching or reading
stat I did the special thing okay it's
pretty awesome did a lot of damage we're
proud to announce that Steve has been
bought by the globe UMAX corporation and
you can look forward to a host of quote
improvements
so many games on Steam now that we're
gonna require a 25-cent game activation
fee 25 cents to run that game isn't
cheap that's a great price it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen quite possible
reactivate that game first at ten
Bella's that cheap keep that on the
servers do reactivation fee and then the
25 cent active activation fee
I found an item that makes my weapon
light on fire
that's right
well that's right you're special they're
bitches on fire library at us that's
another possibility
but when Gabe is gone
expect these things to happen yes this
is it this is going
it's just a matter of when yes one and
they're gonna and and and insultingly
they're going to send as improvements to
the system oh yeah they always do
they're gonna spin the fuck
oh my god this whole lighting your
weapon on fire things gangbusters and
this is why I buy any game I can on
gog.com right
just download the executable save it to
a disk yours to do with
dr. scientist wants to know what our
favorite games were to play in our kids
time crisis the gun dude heck man
fucking Super Mario Brothers cuz that
was an arcade game before the nest was
out yes
paper boy paper boy paper boy
you sit like you're confused paper boy
just that confused just you know
oh there's more there's more of you
there's more
okay we're fine we're fine rich
everything's fine how are you I did
there's big I did the super badass I did
the super badass move which I felt great
about but then immediately got
surrounded by like three smaller dudes
okay okay
I did it I did it I did everything does
it go away after a while all right now
we're gonna see if we can move on now
we're gonna see if we can push forward
this is exciting
see now you know just talking about the
lows I mean I'm in a high right now yeah
because this I kind of love I don't know
I don't know what is this is the
furthest I've ever been I don't know
what is after this altar I don't know if
a giant monster is gonna pop out most
likely it's a giant monsters gonna pop
out this is exciting
I am I am legitimately excited till I go
through this little archway and just see
that's fine thing to be okay Jack is
doing way better at this than a Dark
Souls yeah Dark Souls when we stream
that that was literally the first
fucking time either of us have played
the game no no shit we were bad at it no
and not only bad but that was also that
was also like really early in us just
streaming in general yeah oh
a guy clinging to the side of the
building over there Ridge you know it
sounds like we didn't even like get how
to like game and talk at the same time I
still don't right and it you know like
it's something that has to be learned
and I've taken some time and I feel like
I've gotten better you know yeah
and so Dark Souls was very special
experience I I will say playing this
does make me want to play a little more
Dark Souls yes and see here's another
thing is oh oh great is like so this
area like up here is where the minigun
guy is he's up there and so you can go
through an area and then like double
back and unlock paths I so the next time
I go through this game I don't need to
go through that crazy corridor with all
the monsters cuz I okay I just unlocked
the door oh my god I almost fell down
the ladder I almost killed myself like
an idiot because now I'm like The
Specials gate which means I can get
around all of those monsters if I just
want to power through the one which is
really exciting and it just means these
lovers are huge cuz if you know it like
there's the one long loading screen yeah
but nothing there's no brakes there's no
level break in between the long loading
screens and therefore like for me those
loading screens are perfectly acceptable
because these levels are fucking
and all the monsters and all the LD
everything is everything
oh they were those creepy birdies big
spotted zebras just trying to bait us
into hating on the order some more but
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
take the bait anyway because why the
fuck
what
people talk about the atmosphere the
atmosphere is mostly just dry yeah
everything in that game is so fucking
dry yeah it's so straight and boring and
you know you're a knife with a machine
gun
that's not the most amazing concept ever
is it no no and you know what the order
had I think you know we counted there
was like there was there was nine
werewolves in the order right yes
the variety clusters of three in
clusters of three right there so there
are three segments of nine three
werewolves yeah the variety of monsters
in blood-borne is amazing and just when
you think you understand what their
monsters are gonna look like I
specifically haven't gone to an area
rich just cuz I don't want to spoil a
monster for you okay Jack I don't know
if we have problems with our audio but a
lot of people that we're barely audible
we are bad can't hear rich quiet quiet
our mod saying it
yeah my mom's how do we sound when a
game gets loud you can't hear you guys
we can't hear you guys at all when the
game gets loud yes okay alright hold on
I will go into my controls here
alright now the game is at its lowest
volumes in-game saying it's when it's
when we're in combat sure okay all right
that's that make sense
that makes sense oh my god because of
the burbs the oh okay
cuz of the birds I'm with you I've now
turned all those volumes down so
hopefully
now you might have a hard time hearing
it oh my god well they don't come here
to hear the game they come to hear us
yeah I don't care no listen that's what
I've turned the game down I'm just
letting them know but like right now
like I'm going through this like empty
corridor and there's no there's monster
okay I knew it if oh fuck fuck fuck they
were hiding they were hiding in the fog
rich the monsters were hiding in the fog
and I love that and it freaked me out
even though I knew they were there
master radio link down is it just me or
does your character look like it's made
of plastic your character gets covered
with gore yeah and the gore does not go
away okay so you're you look like you're
covered in plastic because that's
monster slime yeah you're covered in
monster slime I'm in the game it doesn't
fade away until I go to that to the to
the hunters dream I will continually get
covered in blood and slime and shit and
I love that your characters face does
look a little plastic I'll see if I can
get close enough to her face oh pardon I
tried to turn away in time I didn't get
there but um oh here wait here's a
pillar I think at the camera yeah you
know if you get a good look at your
characters face they're they're a little
plastic II yeah oh pardon me everybody
all right all right
Tiberius Kirk I already told Jack to use
the long version of his blade for crowds
he I really see a stubborn he a stubborn
it Oh werewolf oh god no werewolf okay
that's fine I can deal with the werewolf
so it's like here's the thing short
blade fast wing long blade slightly
slower swing and just the way this is
why you keep your distance right right
but the way I play is kind of get in
their face slashy slashy slashy jump out
of the way and so for my particular oh
there's two oh my god there's like three
werewolves multiple
rich and Jack I'm gonna say do you think
he would hate the order as much if you
had not played the game for seven hours
straight
no I benched aim all the time I'm a fan
of the no death run which means I I sit
there for seven hours I'm trying to beat
a game without dying right it wasn't the
length of time we played it at once
especially we're taking times - I'm very
I'm very sorry for just the just the
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
um okay no but I made it I made it and I
saw I saw the werewolf slow attack oh I
saw the werewolves like this is when
you're supposed to shoot me attack so
yeah so that's exciting
ooh a pungent blood cocktail that's a
new item what does that do punch into
blood cocktail thank you for subscribing
are you a mature blood cocktail thrown
to attract obese oh I you know what I
tried doing that once like attracting
beasts to the thing and it just didn't
work I'm being told to tell you that if
you hold down Oh while you go up a
ladder or down you move faster oh that's
good to know thank you that is very very
helpful oh my god which way oh my god
this is it this this is this is the part
of the game that I love and I'm really
happy that we got to like this section
yep because it's like you're exploring a
new area I am genuinely freaked out oh
I'm here at a gate thing oh I got blood
stone shards and you need those
bloodstone shards there's a gate I don't
want to open that gate yet those upgrade
weapons don't they are something else
yeah you need those to upgrade your
weapons you know you could have a
million
blood echoes and and it doesn't mean
shit and there are the bloodstone shards
are harder to come by there's a gate I
can open but I don't know if I want to
open it yet because you know that could
be danger and like I have 9,000 blood
echoes rich do you anticipate an Oscar
for your performance in space cop I
anticipate an Oscar Mayer wiener oh my
god it's right the Oscar Mayer
Wienermobile I tried the ask her why
Mayer Wienermobile was which is a
terrible hot dog I see you Oscar Mayer
wiener by the way this werewolf up here
thinks he's being sneaky but I saw him I
saw you dick I see you you're gonna drop
down and you're gonna try to be scary
but look I see you already just fucking
come down you collect more more vials or
bullets than you can hold yeah they go
back to storage in the drink I didn't
know that because I avoided close to
four oh yeah and you know usually like
like at a time like this I have 17 vials
and so like I'll just you know I'll pump
put my blood bullet yeah and then pump a
vial and then search your body but they
automatically go to storage that's
really great to know we usually recorded
live no I got a beast blood pellet Oh
what does a beast blood pellet oh my god
a giant medicinal pellet that grants
short-lived beast hood I think that
turns me into a beast try it out why'd
you get to you maybe need to get to a
boss I don't know I don't know
I mean I'm gonna try it out I'm gonna
okay I added it to my quick item thing
okay sorry go ahead
I'm sure we've talked about this before
somebody is asking us what we think of
Mystery Science Theater 3000 you can
start rich yeah my answer to that is I
have nothing at all against the program
I understand it as many fans and that's
that's a fine thing but it was always
kind of redundant please I was going to
watch a movie it was always going to be
able like J and Mike right and I was
like it was I I want I want to make my
own jokes with my own friends it was
always just kind of redundant
and in fact would get in the way of us
making our own jokes right and that was
always my that was always my problem too
with mystery I've only seen a couple
episodes of Mystery Science Theater 3000
and I was always really upset because
they kept talking during the movie where
it's like I get it like I get that's the
point of it but yeah I agree it's like I
want to make also by the way during that
werewolf just totally popped out of a
thing and it's great the shit out of me
that's fine but I want I beat him I just
wanna let you know that he legitimately
scared the shit out of me I need to
clean my chair dead dead machine
12:17 welcome to your first of our live
streams yes oh you're back see look at
this there's fog in this in this level
and they fucking hide behind the fog
like the dickens if they are
don't be a dick welcome welcome to our
live streams oh fuck there's some
werewolves in this level hey rich
doesn't that mean you're kind of calling
festival the worst fans losers for
watching the show what instead of doing
it with friends well it's not really
fair because you're not watching the
whole movie with best of the worst best
of the worst is is less about making
jokes during the movie than it is are
like reactions to it I think yeah and
and by the way some people want to make
jokes at movies and some people want to
watch other people make jokes I like to
think that was best of the worst you
actually might be able to discover
movies you hadn't heard about that you
could watch with your own friends that's
that's how I like to think of the best
of the worst yeah no and you know what
some people like we're not hating on
people who like Mystery Science Theater
it's just not our thing I'm just a bad
bad movies Mystery Science Theater is
just kind of redundant what well for us
yeah for us it is but like if you want
to like I think we have the same fan
base yep
Mystery Science Theater fans and us
people who want to like see clips of bad
movies and then have people make jokes
about them oh fuck
rich I've made it so far I've made it so
far and I have 12,000 blood echoes you
only got you only you got yet fewer
upgrades than I thought you would have
from that 10,000 slips fuck it oh no I'm
gay I'm going until I get to the next
I'm gonna try to make it to the next
save point okay that's my goal I gotta
go through that gate oh my god there's a
bridge
fucking love it love it here's another
another comparison between the order and
blood-borne no look at how much more
awesome these fucking werewolves look oh
my god just from a design standpoint
werewolf comparison alone and and
fighting them yeah
compared to kind of fighting them in the
order here's some effects am i covered
with blood nests yeah yeah just a quick
a quick pan around covered in blood no
no the hopefully we did a good enough
job explaining that the werewolf's in
the order did the exact same thing over
and over again where these were wolves
take tactics and skill and equipment to
be do you know and oh that's right I can
go in here oh my god let me just commend
also whoever did the sound design for
blood-borne cuz like I walk into this
this little area here where the werewolf
popped out though where will burst
through the door of this church looking
thing right yeah and I can hear a
monster breathing in my ear and it
freaks me the fuck out because I can't
see it you know like it's it's like a
small it's a it's a narrow archway and I
know there's a monster in here and I
just don't fucking know where it is you
know people were complaining about the
lack of music yeah but with music you
wouldn't have that you know you hear the
breath I see him I can see here around
the corner
it's another fucking werewolf Oh what
are you oh fuck you still got me a
little goblin guy
get out of here goblin guy
he was a Springer there there are some
jumpies they had they have some some
jump scares some jumpy enemies in the
game which overall because the toning
the tone is good enough on its own this
game makes me not want to run are you
okay
I don't don't you don't sound okay Isis
and him I could hear him and so I dove
into the room like I rolled into the
room and found him and got him before he
jumped it before he could jump out and
scare me
and so I feel good if is that what was
the last time you saw a fucking torch
oh they there a while like torches are
few and fucking false wings Jesus fuck
yeah no this is versus this is real this
is it's fucking real challenge so is
there magic in this game I don't think
you have magic attacks in this game oh
great I just opened up another another
route no so well so far so far we do not
have magic attacks
there's gun a little more fire paper
that fire paper was awesome and also
like okay so I just discovered like this
whole this whole side thing in the tower
it opened up a new path so now I can get
to this area quicker but also like it
was it's not moving forward it's just
part this tower is just part of the
level okay and there's a little there's
a little treat at the top of it a fire
paper but the fire paper will be very
important well the fire papers are a
really good item I used it earlier when
I was fighting all of the dudes in the
altar room oh that would make your
weapon yeah it makes your weapon light
on fire which is great but it's just
like also the the point is these levels
are huge when you know the the load
point is at the beginning does it just
feel that way because you you progress
slowly out of caution and there aren't
many safe points I also think the levels
are huge okay it could be it really
could be you know I'll believe that i
100% believe that it's also it's it's
it's some psychological but also it's
just big I think where is that gate now
there's a police or Queen Queen Queen
nope no contest also I don't know if
we've discussed the kind of goofy
ragdoll physics but right now I'm
messing around with the werewolf it's
kind of silly yeah it's kind of silly so
he wants me to ask you if you've ever
purchased the lantern they think it
comes in handy I did not purchase the
lantern okay the lantern I don't even
know what the lantern does I've read the
description and I didn't quite
understand it and it's a
just like yeah okay okay it's a the
lantern is a 10,000 blood echo item in
the in the pool oh my god god damn it
I'm gonna open the gate I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna open the gate I'm gonna do it
this there's probably something here
hold on I need to steal my nerves you do
that get ready for your impending death
this is gonna this feels like a this
feels like a boss area I've made it far
enough where this feels like a boss area
what do I have you hope oh I have for
the Beast blood pellet and I haven't
used any I'm saving up for a boss okay
I'm opening the gate
oh damn it the gate doesn't open from
this side all right well now I need to
find the way to go apparently I went a
wrong way I'm just waiting for the
Whammy to take away your blood echoes I
know no I don't think that's what I'm
waiting for
do I need to fight that dude with the
with the with the machine gun I didn't
fight him probably I don't want to fight
him well suck it up
have I been through here I don't want to
run kissing that fucking enemy pops out
at me
okay that takes me up there alright
alright I'm remembering I'm remembering
where I am the the Atlanta negates
torches it lights the surrounding area
without sacrificing your right hand sure
but so far I haven't needed it I haven't
even needed a torch so well I can't
imagine that sports be handy for setting
things on fire you might be making
unwise decision with the torch by not
using the torch like you know you had
the the fire weapon and that was really
cool yeah I think the torch might be
like a somewhat weaker version of that
all the time wave it in somebody's face
and they catch on fire and possibly do I
have to fight that's that's my
imaginings but what do I know
yeah I can only assume that I have to
fight this grotesque thing that's
sitting in the middle of the altar room
I don't know how the fuck am I supposed
to know I haven't played the goddamn
game oh is this am I here that I'm dummy
fucking player you figure this shit out
I am oh no I'm right now I'm I'm not
asking for help I'm walking you through
my thought process so I guess one the
settle down I'm back I'm back in the
altar room where I fought all the dudes
or as Henry says at the end of No More
Heroes you're the protagonist
I'm just the cool handsome foil
yeah you're totally gonna fight that
thing hanging from ceiling yeah yeah I
just need to figure out how to get there
there's probably a way to get there Oh
Paul Superman and I misread what you
said I thought it was really cool but
but now I don't
okay he said is this steampunk I thought
he said this this dream is punk all
right we're Punk
this is steampunk
because it's obviously not steampunk I
think people were upset at us before
calling the order steampunk we we didn't
we discussed it and I said I don't
really think it is right we said it was
like steampunk yeah yeah oh there's the
thing about this this isn't even this
isn't even like steampunk this is just
gothic II right there is something over
here there's a secret item in the
rafters steampunk requires contraptions
and you know steam-powered stuff how do
I get to the secret item rich figure it
out I'm working on it
figure it out oh there's two items over
here subscriber I missed time to eat
rooms uh thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we do
yeah see over here is that is the dude
with the machine gun and I don't oh you
know what I haven't been over here this
is team Punk this is not steampunk all
Superman this is not where is the steam
it
the the the modern technology as as made
in the 1800's is a vital aspect of
empire which this is completely lacking
you need like a car with a giant steam
engine on the back or some kind of
clockwork robot
maybe that's steampunk hmm this is this
is not bad this is just gothic yeah it's
not even especially Victoria it's just
gothic right it has none of basically
basically this has none of the
ingredients of steampunk there's a
ladder over here but that dickhead with
the machine gun is over I almost died
two birds by the way you need to go back
down and take the spiral staircase there
was a spiral stair okay I'm going back
down I don't like it up here because
I'll go back down and near the spiral
staircase okay I'm going I'm going Jen
I'm listening to you