Episode 242
Oddworld - Odd Audio - Hack & a Half
April 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtWGinylybE
___________________________________________

ok we're going to be back we're going to
be back now we figured it out so here's
here's the real thing here there's two
strange things about the fraught the
first test to the stream so technically
we did start on time it is now 8 30
exactly so technically speaking we
started exactly on time so for some
reason even though you can go into the
settings here and change all the audio
and as you as you see in my audio
settings everything is said to the
absolute lowest it can be that does not
affect the cutscenes is not crazy why
wouldn't the audio controls affect the
cutscenes so then what I tried doing is
just muting all of the output from the
computer but that didn't work I was
muting it but it was still coming
through like literally my microphone was
on the way OBS works is there's two
audio controls the audio from the game
and the audio from your microphone and
all the audio from the game was muted
but you were still hearing it was
terrible so now hopefully hopefully you
are hearing me and I'm at a normal
volume I turned me up as well because I
know you guys were we're complaining
about that so hopefully you're hearing
me and hearing the game slightly fuck it
refresh I'm here jack audio levels are
great great great we're here then we're
here we're gonna play oddworld Oh what
is that death bot death bot audio levels
are great everything is great right
great great great you just heard me say
great great because I had to mute and
unmute the thing so I can watch this
dream ok here we are tonight shouldn't
the producers of the internet twitch
twitch doesnt mute when I'm you'd but
anyway we're here we're here great
everything's great let's play let's play
oddworld you missed the cut scene
oddworld new and tasty this was a
favorite game of mine on the PS 10
I remember really enjoying this on the
ps1 who did I do it did I do it is it
what is that do you hear that notta low
oh this one great that's loud too I feel
like that's loud I feel like all the
sound effects are very loud and you oh
no rich is coming rich is coming oh
right wrong button favor came well it
was one of my it was a game i put was
that rich are you burping did you hear
that burp I'm freaking out guys I'm
freaking out a little bit all right
audio is good on iron great thank you
everything is terrible did you hear that
belch that belch was real and I don't
know where that came from I think it was
rich but he also um what do I need to do
here tap ex then till tell sideways top
gaps oh just press X would eat whoa hold
l1 to sneak open up sneaking sneaking
yeah reg to climb down sneaking
oh i know i need to sneak past him over
here this is like a strategy game I
think that was rich i think that was
rich burping in my ear do everything
open up don't jump sneak sneak sneak
I've Stalin DLC now I'm pretty sure that
was rich he loved he decided to leave
his skype on so we wouldn't get those
weird you know we get weird audio things
when we start the skype mid-stream butta
uh-oh probably didn't want to do that
what what also I feel like um I feel
like the sound effects are really still
loud you missed another trip to or get
your shit together no no look he's still
alive and everything's fine MA and get
to talk to ya'll guys easier come here
home what's happening good i got them
come here
oh oh nice you get to pray in the game
that's that's Easter appropriate I think
sound effects are fine great
everything's fine if the sound effects
are fine then everything is fine is this
a no detrimental right no this is not a
no death run you have to sit the I knew
that was are you rich I knew he just
needs just popping on to burp ok so the
this is the goal of the game is I need
to save my fellow little guys what are
they called again hold on it'll say on
the sign here say hello to mu Dawkins
being a little bit okay so I need to
save all my mood Dawkins
man and then they'll come Oh nej wait
come back birds yay we did it that I'm
sure does something right directory I'm
sure that does something maybe that's a
map great it's been a long time since I
played this game Jesus perfs right
that's what it feels like it feels like
a Jesus burp mu Dakin what's a mood
aachen this is a mood aachen right here
this guy sneak sneak sneak I got you and
then you need to figure out these little
puzzles come on jump down you go you
need to figure out these little puzzles
and then aiming bring them to the bird
board portal and then you get little yo
so that's it like it's like follow me
wait here yeah it's it's kind of silly
but I kinda love it there we go
nope nope nope not yet night yeah got
one it's adorable nothing you can do
about it it's just adorable
Oh
I'm sure there's a way to like group
select everyone but I don't know what
that is yet and I don't exactly know it
didn't say in the cutscene how I got my
ability I got my ability to like prey
portals or whatever what what what I
what's up tap to crash yeah I thought
you were burping in my ears oh my god
what'd I miss we are we are remembering
how to play oddworld abe's exoddus Oh
rich hello you're so quiet I can't hear
you jack you can't hear me why not wait
hello no that's not making rich that's
on your end I'm working on right now so
I did you talk to Tom Tom think I can
hear you just fine okay we're good now
you can hear me just fine yes oh no I
lost someone so today my my headset is
tied on with a sweater and an old
sweater uh-huh and that's that's
considerably less cumbersome than the
blanket I just grabbed quickly last
stream so that's that's a positive
change sure i was i was playing
blood-borne i almost forgot we were
streaming today yeah yeah why not
hacking up mobsters and then then you
said me sent me a text saying yeah we're
almost ready to go and I'm like oh fuck
uh-huh so I was I was completely
ill-prepared yeah well sure but you know
we were talking about you getting a new
a new headset yeah and you should really
just get on that
that's the thing I would recommend you
get on your playing oddworld I'm playing
oddworld abe's exoddus part of how many
up world games are there three there's
only three maybe four maybe more I don't
know where they all side scrollers I
thought one was more of a well the
roving camera third person kind of thing
so there's this one which was the side
scroller there is munch's oddysee which
is like a third person camera more of
like a platforming action game yeah this
is almost like this is almost like a
like a real time strategy game or it's
like I have little puzzles where I need
to get all of my guys out of the portals
right mmm and like there's no combat
it's just all like puzzle solving stuff
I'll really wear as much as Odyssey is
more of a platformer and then like
they're strangers wrath which is a
first-person shooter oh that's weird and
you can actually switch between first
person shooter mode and third person
shooter mode mm-hmm and it's it's a
stranger's wrath was a really neat idea
where all of your ammunition was live
animals and then you would have to hunt
for the animals to get more ammo to
shoot at the bad guys it was it was
really great i really enjoyed it okay so
oh crap crap keep moving I am completely
unfamiliar with the whole series you are
completely unfamiliar with the whole
series uh-huh okay well that's fine i
guess i guess you don't have to be
familiar with it basically you know this
is this is super easy it's these are
just puzzles and i have to sneak past
these guards i cannot kill the guards I
don't have the ability to kill the
guards and so I just want to sneak past
them ever just early on all the time the
entire deal like I just need to figure
out how to get rid of them so I can save
my peeps oh alright
oh no I'm gonna lose one oh crap oh crap
I lost one cramp I'm terrible did you
mention the potentially I don't know if
it actually worked or not the new
subscriber thing oh I did not mention
that i did not mention that we were i'm
trying a new subscriber thing where
where i got chatty which is this piece
of software that's supposed to update me
for every new subscriber so then just
like at the end of every hour we can
thank the subscriber because I know
there was some debate over whether or
not we should stop to individually thank
every subscriber here's what i can tell
you i thought those people had merit but
I didn't want to eliminate the practice
entirely right right so here's what i
can tell you i don't think it's working
really yeah ok ok is i I've seen some
people subscribe mmm in the chat ok hold
on where'd my Birds go yeah I need to
open up portals to make my to make my
boys escape there you go ok I've seen
some people subscribe in the trap in the
chat and it hasn't updated on the thing
it's a great thing if it works right yes
if it doesn't all these people who are
subscribing now well tough luck tough
luck I can I can no longer log in and
see the chat you can't login do you have
the new ipod i walked in i logged in as
relative rich with the new password chat
won't load i logged in as previously
recoded we have reloaded previously
recorded no chat won't load yeah and
when I'm not logged in schatz run just
fine that's weird sit which kind of
sucks
kinda sort of sucks oh I blew myself up
to it you know mean we don't know we
don't know we don't we don't know what's
going on see it like for example rmt for
just subscribe to thank you are mt4 for
subscribing we've really do appreciate
it and it has not updated on my thing
maybe it maybe it takes well according
to the little the little window the last
subscriber was three days ago hmm this
is only dude does it only do new
subscribers and not really resubscribe
errs maybe that's it yeah maybe this is
setting change that I don't know let me
let me
and in in the meantime I'm gonna I'm
going to tell am I my magical ps4 story
oh yeah you have a magical ps4 story and
we can all debate the merits of what
happened so exactly as I think most
people know blood-borne is the the next
review actually we we have at this point
filmed the discussion forum but but in
order to do that because that's that's
that's a ps4 exclusive right it's not
like it's not like I could play the the
pc version and Jack could use our or ps4
right right right so we had to get a new
ps4 so we now we now have two PS force
and Jackie went up to the local gamestop
and and you bought a used one because
it's not really any good reason to buy a
new you know and we kind of agreed that
I would take the one you just bought
because all of your your PlayStation
Plus login information was in the old
Locker right right and we use the one to
record our gameplay footage of
blood-borne and it was just like okay
yeah you know you take this luck um you
take this other one and take it home
yeah so so III take the new ps4 home and
I'm getting ready to set it up so I can
play a blood-borne I i hook everything
up and I I give it my login information
so you know my playstation account or
whatever's its link to this system and
then I go to put in the disc for
blood-borne yeah and there's no CD slot
like where there should be a CD swamp
there was just like a solid piece of
black plastic locking blocking the entry
way point and I'm like well well that's
weird so I go to eject a disc because I
found well maybe maybe maybe someone
left two discs in there and yeah i hit
the PS button on the controller nothing
there's no option to eject the disc hmm
and you're in the main menu and
nothing's happening yeah yeah there's
main menu shows nothing it's just like
fresh fresh out of the box ps4 hmm
so I'm thinking what could possibly be
wrong somebody actually like physically
take out the disc and III you know I
thought well this sucks i I'm gonna have
to probably bring this in so I I called
you up to ask you know you still have
the receipt I'm saying I assumed you did
oh sure and some all those receipts in
the box i was but you thought well
there's got to be there's got to be a
disc in there I'm like well I just I
just I just tried that I went in the
menu and there's no option to eject the
disc and then you told me that there's a
physical eject button on the ps4 I had
no idea yeah actually it's like it's
like disguised there's a on the front of
the s4 there's like a stripe there's
like a light stripe and on the front
there's like a hidden power button oh my
god i just i just touched it kid stop I
was I was I was touching it on my ps4 as
I was talking about it rich and then I
just put it into rest mode but anyway I
hit the physical what what the fuck job
I'm just I'm just the biggest dummy in
the world it's the story so I I hit the
eject button and free grand theft auto 5
but just it just pops out of the fucking
ps4 like magic a copy of the ps4 version
of grand theft auto 5 and I'm thinking
sweet Sosha game but you know I was like
was there any point like going on how
this is really mine I don't own it and
bringing it back to gamestop but yeah oh
no no absolutely not it's like I I
thought about you know doing that like I
probably should but it's not like
gamestop was gonna track down the person
who brought in the ps4 and left
red-backed on a five in their rights not
like it's not like they were gonna do
that either what are the employees was
gonna take it home on their own or
they're just gonna resell it and the
person who actually owned it was gonna
get nothing one way or the other so you
know I'm keeping it and I don't I don't
feel bad about that
the question is should I feel bad about
that no you I I don't think shit that is
it theft here's here's why you shouldn't
feel bad about that the the gamestop
sold us what is essentially a defective
ps4 unit because like they should have
turned it on and noticed that you
couldn't put a disc in right mm-hmm-hmm
so why didn't they notice that you
couldn't put a disc in it because they
didn't check it thoroughly enough that's
not our fault right yes we cite finders
v keepers that's like great I like that
game and I get the the HD version of it
yeah question is whether or not I should
still try and get the pc version oh
right well you know yeah you have now
you can just see if you if you like it
enough obviously get to pee well I I
have the the I do like it already
because I have the ps3 one this is just
the the nicer version oh my gosh I've
been pressing the wrong button rich
that's not my fault I'm a dumb dumb
dummy you want to press the wrong
buttons you go right ahead no I have
been I don't want to I just have been
and and predictably everybody in the
chat aside it's their copy please send
it to back them haha well you know
there's a name on it is there ya see
that makes it worse I know that's why I
feel a little bit guilty but this name
out of somebody wrote Jordan I oh wow
well maybe it's maybe it's michael
jordan's I suppose yes it's one hundred
percent Michael Jordan's he has so much
money he can afford to buy a new ps4
every week
sorry to call you uh who's calling me
out I read it polka Lexi I am you ain't
nothing don't worry about it
everything's fine all the time i I'm
sorry that I'm so terrible at this game
what I feel bad about us because because
there's a name written on it yeah I got
to imagine it's like a child's right
what a dolt writes their name on there
no it could be like my guess is it was
like a college kid no no my guess is it
was like a college kid who just was done
playing it and was you know giving it up
for some for some beer money and you
know he wrote his name on it so his
roommates wouldn't steal it maybe I mean
is it nice handwriting or is it child
yeah let me take a look well apparent
always right the child's name on it oh
well this is really this is really
terrible handwriting I'm gonna say kid
huh yeah that's there's like a lowercase
R that's exactly as large as the
uppercase J and a no that's just
horrible it looks like somebody wrote it
with their left hand yeah but a kid
can't sell a ps4 balls the adult
probably decided the family made it was
broke yeah because the father lost his
job and he stole the child's ps4 and
that that copy of grand theft auto 5 is
like 20 extra dollars that would have
helped them make the rent that mom know
that they're not they're not going to
get now yeah so I feel terrible about
this now well let's stop giving yourself
that narrative I'll deal with it it's
Grand Theft Auto 5 for most likely would
have most likely what happened is a
gamestop employee put that game in there
in order to test the ps4 ah and Jesus
Christ that wasn't too tough and
unplugged it with it still in which made
the ps4 flip out and not read the game
or like and then wiped the memory and
forgotten and just forgot to take it out
yeah I still don't think you should
necessarily feel bad about it I don't
know if you should feel good about it is
the real thing I don't feel good about
it you don't feel good it's a tragedy I
can't help it it's not like I can get
the proper owner back his merchandise so
he can get you know ripped off at
gamestop for it right but you know it's
like it's like it's like a small tragedy
in my head how this ended up this this
child's copy of crap theft auto 5 that
he's somehow conda's parents into buying
him because it's grand theft auto right
no and you know what mr. or they're just
reasonable parents that understand that
game violence isn't the same as real
violence that's that's more likely i
think mr. glitch has the right idea
which was in actual reality it's
probably a stolen ps4 yes well that's
that's all so tragic that's also tragic
yes in any way you slice this we bought
a small tragedy we bought a small
tragedy he bought a small tragedy crap
crap crap it's like buying a dog but
buying a dog that's a small your bite
what you're buying we need to buy a dog
is you're buying a small tragedy oh good
Oh unless unless you plan on that dog
out living you you are purchasing a
small tragedy that's going to unfold
over the next 11 or so years that's a
terrible way to look at it hey you ever
put a dog to sleep yes yes yeah you're
it's a small tragedy I just don't know
if I would say I mean cuz you get the
joy eventually you get the joy then and
the joy makes up for and that's the joy
suddenly turns to the infirmity and old
age and sex that's what is that oh no I
have something I have something that
says boom
again I have something in my possession
that says boom now it blows up I'm sure
it blows up okay hold on i'm in fact
sure that it blows up rich what happened
to you a man how did you become so
cynical and depressing you will notice
i'm laughing about it though so there's
that and i blew up right I took too long
to aim the grenade and I blew up is what
happened um no you know you get you get
the joy of the dog and then it dies and
then it's fine because you can always
get a new dog I don't know I've never
known you know that's how long dogs live
you gotta deal with that that's just the
thing you deal with rich the joy of the
dog for the for the for the death of the
dog I don't want to do here I want to
blow up now they're saying I'm stealing
Lewis blacks material all right I if he
is if he has dogs or a tragedy jokes I
have no idea he has what if he has if he
has dogs died and that's sad jokes I had
no idea well I'm sure I think I think
anybody who's ever had to put a dog
sleep knows this knows what that owning
a dog eventually ends in sadness I'm
gonna get the hang of this grenade thing
everybody don't worry
there we go no I'm stealing George
Carlin's material well other people can
make observations that owning a dog is
ultimately sad i don't know rich i'll
fuck does this work oh my god 25 says
the only thing rich is stealing is that
damn GTA 5 disc huh bam bam you got me
with that one that's that's correct and
funny so I want to throw it you can
throw grenades while crouching how's
this abe's oddysee thing I tilt our to
aim grenade then press ro1 to throw it
I'm oh my god I'm doing that but it's
sometimes it's blowing up in my hands
and sometimes I'm dropping an extra one
for some reason and I can't figure out I
have grenades now which is great bomb
the juice says rich what base location
do I in XCOM which which base benefit do
you want the most I've always been fond
of Asia yeah what are the perks of Asia
uh like like squad kind of upgrades in
the training center are are cheaper oh
god you also you also you also cover for
countries that way they are going to get
invaded and the bonus Asia and and and
Europe both have 44 countries you can
put a satellite in the others all have
three or two okay and and China you put
a start in China you don't have to worry
about satellites on any of those other
countries and the
sry chat guess what we're not playing
this game anymore already huh already we
were having an issue with we're having
an issue with Abe's Oddysee you want to
know something dumb what that Abe's
Oddysee does what is a you can change
the volume of the game but it does not
change the volume of the cutscenes also
screaming whenever there's a cutscene so
it's screaming yeah oh wow many many
apologies really sorry about that I hate
when games do that and so turn off and
so what was happening is you know like
the game I turned all the the audio down
for the game which works just fine but
then as soon as as soon as a cutscene
happened it blew my it just blew my ear
out and I'm sure several years of people
who are watching and many many apologies
everyone really sorry that it's
unacceptable as far as I'm concerned now
if you play blood-borne I'm gonna be
tempted to turn on my ps4 and play
blood-borne uh-huh and kind of just half
pay attention to anything that you or
anybody else's that's going to be the
temptation hmm I'm thinking about
playing boy born yeah yeah just fucking
do it if I can do it man we can deal
with loud volumes every now and then oh
I'm not like I don't want to do that I
don't want to do that to people who are
listening with headphones that's I would
find that unacceptable if I was watching
Jack I think we all know that that's
just an excuse and that in reality ah
you just want to play blood I die okay
also and I think that's okay also super
spoiler alert
for our review of blood-borne is I want
to play more blood park so that's that's
what's gonna happen i'm gonna update the
stream right now on if you have I'm
turning in it okay oh ok dude you gotta
do ok