Episode 250
Jack is Bread & a Half
April 30, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEkfSZosN1A
___________________________________________

hey we go like right now we are by all
accounts we are streaming this very
moment oh my god obviously we'll wait
for confirmation
oh well yep I just got the email
confirmation that we are streaming and
so while we wait - that didn't that
didn't sound like email it sound like a
pneumatic tube my email sure you're not
like regular mail got like a tube
leading into your room my email
notification on my phone is the tf2
sentry gun being alerted to someone's
presence okay okay
and so I'm tweeting right now because I
always forget to tweet so we're talking
you get oh yeah that's right we were
talking what were we talking about the
blood-borne you're talking about the
spider and blood-borne oh my god
so for anyone who has been who's been
playing blood-borne the spider the
stupid stupid spider I can't beat him I
can't beat the spider and it's really
it's starting to bother me
and I've gone through all the other side
missions like I've unlocked the the
clinic and I went through some other
areas and I can't beat that stupid
spider I'll tell you why I'll tell you
what I'll tell you exactly why you can't
beat them it's your twitchy nature with
with the games yeah like you like you
like running into the thick of things
and and and attacking attacks you can't
you can't tackle the spider that way
here's here's well so how do you how are
you going about this battle like what
what are you doing okay so I don't know
there's you fight the spider and these
giant spider and he spawns a whole bunch
of little spiders to fight you while
he's shooting like rocks out of his ass
it's true
so what happens is during his first
appearance you get to kill all the
spiders in he and the big spider doesn't
do anything so that's what I do yes
as I kill all his little spiders then I
go in for the attack yes
and that works like gangbusters then the
problem starts setting it so then in his
second form he he starts shooting ice
rocks at you mm-hmm and that's when
things get a little tricky but I can
still get passed to the second form
barely III instead and like I attack
some of the spiders but I kind of wait
for an opportunity just to go right for
him yeah because if you if you spend too
much time it's acting the little spiders
will just get hit by his stupid ice
rocks but then there's the spiders left
over from the second form and he spawns
new little spiders in the third form and
he's shooting rocks at you and he's
rolling and it's too much it's too much
for me okay
slow and steady wins this race Jack okay
for when you're at it you're not
attacking the spiders head are you oh
god no no that just in case you haven't
noticed that I figured you would have
noticed yeah
take it slow are you using the lock-on I
do use the lock-on don't don't don't the
lock-on yeah yeah you you always even
you know you take out the spiders in the
second form and then you don't I mean in
the first form and then you don't in a
second yeah always take out all the
little spiders first like there's
there's no way I can yeah sure so you do
it okay here's how you do it you don't
use the lock-on right yeah always have
one eye on the big spider hmm don't lock
on to the little guys and strafe them
don't use a lock on it all just maneuver
the camera manually where you always
have your eyes on the big spider and
your first priority is not dying like
right your eyes die and the minute he
starts one of his attacks whatever else
you doing start running away and dodging
okay okay and and because you got all
the time in the world because they don't
he doesn't really like attack you that
aggressively as a boss so take your time
whenever he goes to shoot at you dodge
out of the way and and take out the
little spiders one by one mmm
look look for a little spider that's
that's isolated and go at it might take
you well but tactically do it always
keep
camera focused on the boss and keep an
eye out for an attack my biggest problem
is that I run away as I cannot oh my god
what and he's not that bad if you do it
that way my biggest problem is I can't I
can't dodge those rocks oh my god what
is happening rot Ronon dodge you can
dodge this rock start running to the
side Minh whatever the minute he starts
rear and back sprint start sprinting and
just sprinting to the side might be
enough to not get hit by the rocks sure
once the rocks start coming down then
you do the dodge roll while you're
sprinting it it works more often than
not you'll get hit every now and then
just heal up and and casually take out
those spiders and then once you get rid
of the spiders you go in you take care
of him
you don't don't go for once you take
care of the spires and you go for the
big one don't go for any more than two
hits at one time I guess they'll do an
area of effect attack sure you go in get
a couple heads get the fuck out of the
way let him let him explode and go back
in get another couple hits we're out of
the way let him explode okay I mean
that's it all seems nice in theory it
work I've done it like doom - alright do
two glitches student why not do to do
two one do two one nasty thing they had
with the ps4 I've beat them three times
oh yeah oh yeah I had my first
playthrough right then I started that
second playthrough where I respect yeah
and then I guess it must have happened
when you know we're we were ending the
stream last night I must have unplugged
the PlayStation before it was done
shutting itself down oh no and the
PlayStation I had to I had to reboot it
I had to reformat it Oh terrible so I've
now three times and slow and steady J it
works it works alright I mean I'm gonna
believe you
yeah I'm gonna believe you I am also a
piece of bread I don't know if you've
been noticing what's been happening on
the screen I'm looking as it turns out
rich I'm a piece of bread
figures what is what is the object of
bread right now I'm just going through a
tutorial level yeah so I have no I so
this is your first time playing this is
my very first oh my god it's my very
first time playing and I think I'm kind
of killing it well or not I'm kind of oh
no you dick so I'm just learning how to
walk it's very you know very Octodad
well how do they how are these controls
working like what is doing what okay so
do you see how the plate explain game
let's explain bread yeah
so you see all the buttons basically the
buttons act as grips whenever you press
down on that button you see it turn
yellow it means I'm gripping onto
something oh I have a grip meter - oh
come oh you dick and and so like you can
oh and then you use the left joystick -
you use the left joystick to kind of
wiggle the rest of the bread around the
grip yeah and that's kind of what I'm
doing i climbing is very difficult as
I'm sure you've noticed come on I owed a
desk in other words very Octodad ask the
you know obviously we knew what the
point of this game was the second we
heard about it oh I don't understand my
grip meter at the moment
would you say you are you are wheat
bread and my wheat bread yeah yeah I
look wheat I definitely don't look white
no no
Oh Oh I did it I did it I got up I got
up the wall I'll be delighted once I see
it I just I'm I'm shocked and I'm wait I
think there's a toaster over there I
want to get to that toaster whoa is that
the object of the levels to get in the
toaster I mean I have no idea rich that
would be kind of great I'm trying to
figure out the most efficient way to oh
okay nice edibility
dirty objects and the floor will make
bread less edible if you're edibility
reaches zero you'll have to start again
oh my god and so there are like all
sorts of bugs and stuff on the floor
over here can't what the bugs get me
toasting as you would expect all bread
wants to become toast I would think most
bread would want to avoid it wants to be
burned alive right come on this way
right button left right button right
button so rich oh my god you can scoot
across the ground that's great
rich yes have you been watching
daredevil no oh my god you should watch
daredevil is it good it's so good really
it's really legit good oh I am shocked
and amazed
I have no allegiance towards daredevil
you know like obviously I'm a Marvel fan
boy uh-huh
but you know literally the most I've I
know about daredevil is from what I've
learned from his appearances on the 90s
spider-man cartoon and the Ben Affleck
movie that's it you know that's all I
know about daredevil should read The Man
Without Fear I've heard I've heard very
good things about the Man Without Fear
but it is really good
and I've been really enjoying it come on
come on Brett don't i'm started going
the other way rich okay okay no okay
okay oh no my edibility my edibility i
got bugs on me rich i got bugs oh shit
chest hating on frank miller again have
good I heard he's fucking I like Frank
Miller I don't give a shit he's got his
quirks but that that's it's his business
man I've heard he's a dick who have you
heard this from yes I'm toast
what is the Internet no no no nothing
and everything we know we know as much
as anybody that the internet don't know
jack it's true it's true but I I forget
who it was when we were like I don't
know if it was during a stream or maybe
it was like during a half in the bag
when you or Jay or Mike we're talking
about like why superheroes need to fight
you know like the villain of the week
yeah and how they would kind of just
like it if a superhero just fought the
mob you know like a lower level thing
and that's what daredevil is yeah do you
just fight he's a dude and he's fighting
dudes it's great a blind dude he's a
blind
it's like blind fury the seriously hurt
someone I've never seen blind fury blind
fury is fucking awesome yeah like Lynn
Fury you know fuck fuck diehard blind
fury might be my favorite action movie
of all time
oh no I love diehard but I really love
like for anybody who doesn't know blind
fury is a movie starring Rutger Hauer
where he is a blind man who was blinded
in Vietnam and and the locals taught him
karate and and and now he kicks ass with
a sword
rich I'm a piece of toast with a knife
this is the thing that is happening I
have a knife but I can't necessarily use
it there we go
this sounds like a movie that I want to
see it's great I want it I want to do it
on best of the worst not because I not
because it's bad movie or just because I
want I want people to see blind fury
sure this sounds absolutely justifiable
let's do it
toast oh I see there's all sorts of dirt
on the ground oh my god this is great
right left alright so this makes you use
your brain in weird ways I feel weird
feel weird about this game about this
game of toast or bread so what are those
what are they what are the other button
is doing out you can things up put those
buttons apparently you can pick things
up okay apparently in this game of
breading
you can pick things up I guess I don't
understand when I'm spoke or how I move
the things that I move you know
it's all unknown to me it's all yeah oh
my god this counter is filthy really
good if you can if you can like the
first episodes all right of daredevil if
you can get and in you can the fur I
mean the first episodes good it's not
like the first episode doesn't blow you
away but this second episode is just
phenomenal the second episode ends with
possibly one of the best televised fight
scenes I think I've ever seen it's so
great I believe I saw one screenshot of
the final version of the costume and I
like the makeshift one better oh oh dude
a black sweatshirt just got a thing over
his eyes oh that was great
and I was like I've only made it three
episodes in yeah and I love his
makeshift outfit I hope they don't he
doesn't have the fancy woman he does not
have the fancy one three episodes in
okay good good and I hope it stays that
way I don't want him to have a better
outfit I just I believe there's going to
be a better off oh sure I mean he's got
to get he's got to get in the red outfit
sooner or later I'm sure okay okay oh
there's oh there's a toaster that's not
Netflix right it is it's on that place
absolutely so they're all up down maybe
maybe I will watch it you fun you
absolutely should
you absolutely should watch it if you
have Netflix there's no excuse not to if
you have Netflix as far as I'm concerned
mhm
thirteen episodes I love the way they do
that like because I I just assume things
are gonna be bad until I hear otherwise
you know what I think that's a fair
assumption I think that is a
I think that is a fair or fair
assumption rich but daredevil it's the
it's the stuff dreams are made out of
it's basically just another thing to be
like Marvel Marvel Studios man now are
they on point now is that tie in with
the cinematic universe they're doing
like are they doing a DC which is just
fucking retarded no no way that that's
actually the oh oh I did it great that's
actually Oh go make us some what you
make a somewhat successful flash and
green arrow TV series and then you don't
connect them to the Cinematic Universe
you want to babe what about you fucking
idiots right no no in fact like one of
the big plot points is like the mobsters
are controlling the construction company
that's involved with the aftermath of
Avengers like involved in cleaning up
New York oh really
it all ties in it's super great
he hasn't known what they're doing since
1965 right they've been coasting ever
since then oh oh no oh no oh my toast
fell in the water
my toast film the water-rich and you
know what that does them expand a toast
that means you can't be toast that means
I can't be told or my bread fell in the
water
yeah yeah so losing your bread gets what
you automatically lose don't happen it's
teaching moment it's a it's a teachable
moment absolutely oh oh oh no
Oh oh no this is gonna be a lost run
right here I'm already on the floor
oh so this is by the way this is also
the greatest game of the floor is lava
ever because if like any time you touch
the floor at all it's just it just says
it's done it says it's done with you
okay I do have a skateboard now though
fuck you Ridge DC made the watchman
yeah because when I said you know that
what I said about DC having done nothing
since 1967 obviously I was I was meeting
that literally absolutely yeah no wiggle
room for exceptions yes the watchman
comic is DC yeah okay you didn't know
that I didn't care that's good kind of I
by the way I never would have believed
they would have made something so good
because I but but but everything we say
though it take take it absolutely and
literally take it absolutely at 100
percent face value mmm-hmm yes I mean
you kind of have to rate if you think
about it I mean we don't we don't say
things because they're a little bit
funny we don't exaggerate no no we mean
100 percent every word we say it's true
also don't look up what hyperbole is
it's gonna mess with your brain don't do
it I'm on a skateboard right now and in
like I want to say like if I can what I
have no idea I said Chad you keep asking
about Jurassic world and and community
season 6 I don't give a fuck about
either of those things so you can stop
asking that question I don't get that I
as I don't give a fuck that's my
thoughts I got I had no I'm fresh out of
Fox I got I got no folks together kind
of love it rich kind of love it I've
heard who was it like Joss Whedon
recently like was really upset about the
new Jurassic world
trailer and spoke out about it on
Twitter so I think that's what they were
asking for I haven't seen it because I
also don't
fuck about Jurassic world yeah it's not
gonna be good that's my that's my vote
right now is it's not gonna be good well
the last two movies were bad why why
would this be any different I think I
just need to give up my Jurassic world
hype is like like negative five I know
this is tough to watch does Jack know
Daredevils motivation he only has two
episodes left to go I do by the way I
completely understand Daredevils
motivation they explained it perfectly
in both the first and second episode the
handle his backstory very well I know
exactly why he is fighting crime oh my
god oh my god stop flopping the bread
stop flopping bread so there you go dig
dig all right I gotta go back to I gotta
go back to uh to start over again
this game is shockingly tough for
something that's supposed to be like a
super fun time I don't know that it was
advertised this is super fun time it was
just advertised as a time maybe it's
just advertised as a time and I read
into that wrong yeah yes
you'll have a time some sort or you
won't I don't know I'm a piece of toast
bread damn it I'm done
we still I kinda hate this game but this
is what I'm playing and I mmm
just what it is it is what it is it's a
piece of bread alright alright I am a
piece of bread I am a piece of bread be
the bread the bread I am the bread on to
the chair Oh
skill level ok ok come on what what is
the objective of this game is to
somebody is asking to get to the toaster
to become toast you want to become toast
yes the objective is to come become
toast and so in every level you need to
stay away from dirt and because if you
get too dirty no one eat you I hope
there's a level in the bathroom oh my
god why would you ever have bread in the
bathroom it's on this level I need to
stay off the floor because there's
because because somebody somebody just
committed suicide in the bathroom so
there's a toaster in the tub I pass to
the corpse you you that's like the last
level you can't you can't touch the
corpse at all yeah and you get dirty
very quickly if you touch a bathroom
floor so first of all that's hilarious
Oh
my biggest problem is I don't understand
how my bread moves yeah that's that's
the question you want to ask that's
fantasy no no no obviously not not like
that like literally like I don't
understand what button I'm pressing to
make it move Wow
obviously rich obviously it's moving
through magic I I don't understand which
direction I know my god and the camp oh
my god and the camera is so um so I
don't understand which direction I need
to move the control stick in order to
like move my bread it seems like very
random no no there we go okay I'm back
on it I'm back on it I'm back in it I'm
doing it alright alright this is balls
all right I did it
I'm on the counter oh the last time I
climbed up on the fridge that seemed to
work
last time I climbed up on the fridge
oh my god okay so what else has been
going on they announced some wicked new
some wicked new Adobe stuff at the NAB
the National Association of Broadcasters
showcase yep including something that is
going to be quite helpful to us yeah
which is a a new tool for Premiere Pro
is a warp edit which if you have a
locked-down shot of say like a person in
an interview situation a lot like how we
shoot prereqs right oh and you have an
edit in between them you know usually
what you would do is you would cut to a
different angle or cut to some b-roll to
take care of your edit so you don't have
a jump cut right what this does is does
facial tracking and warps the two shots
together to make it look like one
seamless a shot okay which which will
come in handy quite a bit oh my god I'm
toast
get off the fucking ground
I kind of hate this game and in true
jack fashion I have no backup plan but
that's okay we keep falling on the floor
jack why do you keep falling on the
floor because this game is tough and I
don't understand why my how my bread is
moving fuck why how is my bread moving
as somebody who hasn't played this game
I can tell you it's very easy yes what
do you mean
oh are you being funny yeah stop being
so funny rich it's my job I have to well
you're toast
you're not toast I'm not toast that's
the problem rich is I'm not toast what
is that oh I think it's giving me a
special thing because I've been doing so
poorly let's find out does it give you a
dunce cap fear bread hmm does it give
you a dunce cap for your bread yeah I
think it gave me a grip booster Oh Oh
gave me like unlimited grip because I've
been doing so oh fuck I'm gonna fall off
the table Wow stupid bread I ate you
it's bread I hate this bread I hate this
bread rich and I love bread in general
you shouldn't we should win this game
100% you think yeah okay well this is
tonight thank people I'm I'm I'm gonna
start with one level if I can win one
level I think I'll be happy fuck like
the advanced levels you have to butter
yourself - oh my god wouldn't that be
hilarious
get on the fucking skateboard you dumb
fucking bread oh my god I hate you you
know like at least in a in Octodad it
felt a little goofier oh my god am I am
you know your edibility is 100% to its
infinity isn't it oh my god it it thinks
so little of me yeah yeah I'll find
fucking I'm using it just walk over
there and the toaster good so you got
all you got to do you've walked right
across the floor I'm doing that cuz I
don't or I'm not great great great I
hate you bread no go the other way bread
no go the other by fucking hate you I
fucking hate you bread this is the worst
just go exploring no fucking right I
don't care about exploring you know what
I'm gonna I'm gonna go out and go ahead
and say this I don't care about
exploring a kitchen maybe you get like
find a mouse great I don't think that
would help me in this particular
situation I think that would hurt me
obviously I'm immune to all things hurry
come on you fuckin bread
fucking hell bread okay you're not
immune to a mouse eating you maybe I
don't know
maybe a murder I'm not I don't know I
don't know what's going on I'm breading
I'm bread rich Jackie's browse how's the
blood borne now review coming one oh man
did I make some really fantastic
progress today yeah we you know let
it'll be done I think it'll be done
tomorrow I don't know when it'll go up
but I think it'll be done tomorrow yeah
and I think I think it's good obviously
I'm a little biased but once again I'm
erring on the side of because we're not
the first review out the gate mm-hmm now
you really well there's just no way we
could be I know well here's here's what
I'm thinking do we need we do more like
retrospective type stuff I mean classic
games I mean we can well I'm just you
know I mean for reasons be good for one
you know we have other jobs you have
other jobs you had other things you've
you know make a living
and and we don't get advanced copies of
anything and see I I think it's okay
here's why what we're doing getting it
what we're doing and how I'm trying to
structure them nope is more so a
oh good I am jealous great I'm trying to
structure them in more of a way where we
are having a conversation and we're
inviting people to join us in our
conversation you know and hopefully we
can shed some insight I have been you
know like the way especially the way I'm
editing this one it's a lot of you know
we got into some of the artsy fartsy of
blood-borne which I really enjoyed so if
we got advance copies of things then
it'd be one thing but I mean like LeBron
came out a month ago
that's if in a month well this is March
21st
I have no concept well we're closing
we're closing in on a month right yeah
another time it's actually up it'll be
like three and a half weeks or something
ridiculous I can't touch the carpet
can't touch the carpet in the bread game
but I can get on a couch in that time
come on your bread shit
shit I'm touching the carpet shit
everything about this game is terrible
I'm just gonna fail until until it gives
me the superpower again again you know
like I'm not sure it's super matters
because we're we're just engaging in the
conversation you know yeah and actually
we can bring it up bring up enough good
points to make that conversation worth
it hopefully yes yeah there's some
things that we need to work on just to
make it smoother editing wise yeah but
uh specifically we bring up a lot of
other games as examples and in general
we need to I think we need to lay off of
that yeah yeah footage of that well not
only getting footage of that but then we
kind of get wrapped up in the metaphor
of the other games you know and so our
entire thought is then centered around
this other game so I can't snip out a
little bit of that without the entire
thought you know whereas a cat just
stated like the thing we liked about the
game you know like in its own terms
I I liked comparisons Jack oh I'm not
saying I'm not saying you can't compare
compare but we need to be better at like
wording our argument so that you can
make the comparison but then like end it
at the comparison and you know also tie
it into just general stuff in case I
need to use just a bit of it that's
that's actually a big thing I ran into
during the blood-borne thing is you you
were making some comparisons to ninja
gaiden yeah and some of them oh crap oh
crap oh crap oh crap
some of them were really like on point
and spoke well and some of them just
didn't didn't end up working well or you
talked about it better in another
segment right yeah but then I couldn't
divorce a part of your ninja gaiden sock
from from all the rest of it okay okay
and so then like so then basically I
just couldn
use any of it you know because you know
like or because you would say stuff like
another thing like it does like Ninja
Gaiden is blah blah blah blah right so
then you can't say that without having
the first part of that yeah yeah so we
just need to get better at like
compartmentalizing our thoughts in
general and I did I did the exact said
the exact same thing so it's something
that we both in general need to work oh
oh did I do it
oh my god I'm a super bread bastard snap
ah crap my super bread master status is
leaving Rach how the fuck I'm sorry
fuck this camera fuck this camera so
sorry Brit fuck this camera Oh God
okay haha everything's terrible rich I'm
stuck
oh wait that's my work we might be able
to work with this okay I did it I did it
I did it I got out of my bready
predicament and I think oh crap crap
crap crap and I think I might be
understanding how the stupid controls
work I officially hate the controls okay
but I think I think get there it's
stupid bread I hate you
I don't know so as far as like I mean we
should do more older games just because
they're fun to do you know but and and
like you said like in general that's
something we can film any time yeah and
just have ready to go because it's a
retrospective so I I I think you're
correct that we should do that but I
also like doing the newer games mostly
I'm not saying never right fuck am I
going
I don't know the fuck you're going I'm
affectionate I know
maybe you got a drag that frying pan
into a fireplace there a fireplace
I think I need to open the door I think
as a piece of bread I need to open the
door that sounds insane and I just don't
think that's gonna happen
with my limited brand ability what is
what is in this room
that that would create Heat
can you can you like climb onto the lamp
I'm gonna try to open the door and you
probably have to climb into a level just
like this you're not opening that door
person is probably not opening that door
I mean that's probably true if your
bread your quickest robbed toast is lamp
you think if I got on top of the lamp I
think if you got on top of the lamp you
will be toast
mmm ooh
fools Verne says new and old games that
are interrelated somehow I like that
idea a classic in a remake a game that
is kind of vaping off of a don't know oh
there it is that's what I need to get to
there is a heater there is a heater over
there that's what I need to get to okay
oh good and it gave me the hay gave me
the special thing that means that I
don't need to worry about anything
yep I'm going to easy mode you know why
I don't care that's why because I just
don't care about this game that's my
official review of I am bread I just
don't care about this game you could
always turn something else on I could
you know what I really could and I might
not right now but I might I will give
this a few more somebody's bringing up
the original thief in the new thief oh
god I don't know if I want to play the
new one
right no other way you dingus this is
like this is basically this game is
Octodad without all of the fun really
yeah could you just be bad at the game I
mean that's a big possibility we should
never discount that I'm just bad at the
game do I need to turn this on but like
everything you know like Octodad
obviously the controls were all jank
right but it was it was that every time
like you would warble around it was fun
you know like your arm you would knock
over stuff it would kind of like enhance
the joke of the world there's no you
know like here when you are roll around
is just frustrating or I'm bad at the
game
oh nice oh nice
get my toast on getting it on rich you
do that you do that finger you're doing
you you you could work what good work
doing that thing
good work doing that toast oh I'm doing
this all over the place
toasting it up
I am toast we burn I'm sure you can burn
what fill you if you burnt
hmm that's a good question that is a
good question
oh yes I saw that on the reddit there is
someone on the red letter media
subreddit who is obsessed with that
piano music that might uses in the mr.
blinker reviews okay and I have asked
Mike about it as I've stated in the
reddit and Mike didn't feel like sharing
and so the person asked me if I could
ask Mike again and I did ask my again
and I think Mike has now turned it into
a game where it's just for the end of
time he will not oh yeah yeah it might
does that because Mike does that kind of
stuff absolutely
you tell Mike no that's the surest way
to get him to ignore you right
but someone who is so determined to to
find the music that what they've done is
they've spliced together the little bits
during all of the plinky reviews to try
to make a complete song in hopes of
better finding it and so it's like these
weird cuts with like bits of planket
noise and bits of like um
Jar Jar Binks in it it's horrifying and
wonderful it's actually like really
disturbing this bit of music that this
fan has spliced together and and I just
and I've told him over and over again
where it's just like you're not finding
out
now you know now it's a thing where
you're not and I'm sorry I don't know
what it is and so you're just not gonna
find out like like Mike does a spot-on
Kermit the Frog impression Oh does he
yeah and we're we're we're we three
people who I mean my cat somebody else
well the other person was mm-hmm but I
was explaining to them how great
Mike's Kermit was and yeah that's Mike
just because because I asked him to do
it could deliberately did it like poorly
that's so like you did the worst Kermit
he could have done just do things like
that yes yes you will yeah you can do
this you are bred you are bred you can
do this I believe in you you are bred
you're the prettiest bred that I've ever
had
I'm proud to call you bred I'm gonna die
come on bread come on Freddie you have
told that story already rich well I I
only have so many stories that's why
it's important to keep up on modern
events lend Oh 75 and my egg one thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
11 months in a row well it's true we do
appreciate it thank you guys like for
example speaking of being up on current
events and naughty and by the way this
isn't even current I was at the library
the other day which mostly because I'm
super cool
and don't lie to me
and sitting on the shelves there was the
a copy of the first trade of the new
Miss Marvel huh which you know made
headlines because it was a Muslim
American teenage girl oh and now that
Miss Marvel is part as part of the New
Avengers so it's kind of a big deal and
it's like oh you know I wanted to get
around to reading that and in general I
have been reading more comics because I
used to enjoy comics and and I've
enjoyed reading more comics and I read
the first couple of trades of Miss
Marvel this is her archenemy her husband
oh it's true she's a teenage girl you
know it's so is her archenemy her
husband okay okay Karen Karen is fond of
me miss Marvel it's you know what it's
it's all right my my biggest oh my my
biggest you know I've cut I have a
couple issues with it one the art is
fantastic that's not an issue with it I
said I'm sorry to lump that together
with my issues but the art is really
amazing the the artist the guy who draws
it it has this really fun like quasi
cartoony quasi realistic style it's
really great and that's part you know
that's half of why you read comics
obviously he's for the art but the the
story is very strange and she's not a
mutant - she's an inhuman and do you
know much about the Inhumans you know
you know why she's not an evil why
because Fox well that would have the
movie rights if you were immune
yeah that's true that's true they like
I've heard that Marvel has a mandate now
no more no vegan characters sure sure I
would I would by the way 100% absolutely
believe that they have recently
cancelled Deadpool because he's a mutant
and why why should they shell because
their business their business is now the
movies yeah oh yeah and white why should
they shill for Fox
oh sure they're like they're comic books
are now basically pilot season for their
movies yes the only like I have an issue
with the Inhumans just because like
they're aliens and it's like I don't
quite get there
Methos you know mutants which means you
could do an origin really easily because
you can't do mutants any resemblance
that was originally the lazy way out of
having an origin story yeah yeah they
can't do that missed yeah Terrigen mist
and your great-great-grandfather wasn't
in human you know yeah yeah but like
that's that's equally as lazy but Italy
like at least mutant had that great like
next evolution sub story you know like I
really dug that part of the mutant thing
you know like comparing it you know like
making it puberty base making it you
know about like you know growing up and
these things happen when you're under
great stress as a teenager reading
comics that always struck a note with me
right
and so like be oh oh you fucking bread
this is Miss Marvel the only superhero
who can hide their identity by not
wearing a mask first of all nice one
rich it's just too easy huh it's just
too easy it's I mean right
the other issue I have with it is they
gave her a giant dog who is she I don't
know I can see her face no I like so
they gave her a giant dog the leader of
the in the leader of the Inhumans gives
her this giant dog to help protect her
and teach her how to be a hero right but
she wears just a mask that covers her
eye like she doesn't wear a full-face
mask it just covers her eye and she was
the dope the robit
she has the Robin mask yeah but she
keeps the dog in her civilian life and
the dog helps her fight crime in her
neighborhood uh-huh and so it's just
like your neighborhood has not figured
out that the Muslim girl with the giant
dog like my check nobody knows who Clark
Kent is you do you accept this thing I
don't accept that that's old school by
the way that I don't accept those things
anymore we should not accept those
things anymore is it does she have watch
oh yeah she has locked oh wow
Rock Jo is distinctive because he's got
that tuning fork on it exactly so so the
the Muslim girl with the giant dog with
a tuning fork on his head is just
walking around the street and then they
see her with a mask on fighting crime
later and they don't think anything of
it and you know what that's that's where
that's world breaking to me that is
problematic to me Jack look it's not
being written for you know the book is
not being written for me the art is so
great though also I just wish they would
take their I wish they would take more
time with it like she decided to become
a hero really quickly you know and like
they gave her a decent enough backstory
she's struggling with she's struggling
with her restrictive religion and her
restrictive parents which makes it extra
fun that she's you know going out and
fighting crime right
and she loves superheroes like that's
her thing is she is just she's a she's a
of superheroes and like they've they had
this like throwaway line and one of the
first issues about like something from
the Quran about like helping someone the
man who chooses to to ignore someone in
need ignores all of mankind the man who
chooses to help someone who need help
solve mankind but like it was just one
little line and she's struggling with
her religion so it's like I shouldn't
really mean anything right yeah
and so but like so her this is gonna I
know the chat is gonna love this her
motivation is very weak to me oh no I'm
very sorry but it's true
for anyone who enjoys miss Marvel I
enjoyed a lot of the art and I felt like
overall it was a decent stories it's
very Spider Man you know who is who is
the book meant to appeal to are they are
they actually trying to get a female
Muslim audience I would I would try
trying to get to find that niche or just
some kind of weird politically correct
thing where they're trying to fill some
kind of quota
how does this break blog Marvel doesn't
care about quotas they're making too
much money to care about quotas I think
in general they are trying to get the
the female audience listen you know and
there they made a come on you bread get
there they made a book to get female
audiences and the Muslim thing is just
so ripe for for stress you know dealing
with restrictive parents right that's a
universal yeah it's just like every
teenage girl I'm sure feels like their
parents are after them but if you may if
you make it make them even more
overbearing it's just easy I think it's
just a way to amplify universal themes
right through religion come here light
you're gonna turn me into toast I hope
you're gonna turn me into toast
I don't think this light is gonna turn
me into toast oh there it is there it is
it's a crimper
it's a crimper rich I figured it out I
guess I guess Karen is interested in
comics now so I can't argue that they're
not going to find a new audience
was she not before was she not before
not until no no oh my god she she had
that for many many years yes I won the
comics like last year or so sure after
after I had kind of abandoned them we
kind of switched places it used to be
you know we'd we'd we'd go to the local
comic book store and she'd wait at home
and it was like III we had just like a
funny moment the other month where we
stopped at a comic book store and she
went in that's hilarious complete flip
flop so by the way so it 100% worked
yeah yeah they are reaching a new strong
market who is new is not burnt out on
comic book universe is like we are
that's by the ho that's so great rich I
think that's hilarious
hmm I think I've burnt out on like
superheroes you know yeah maybe I could
I could I could fall into something like
preacher or Y the last man probably I've
heard good things about Y the last man I
think from you right Y great premise
starts off very good I think it Peters
out no yeah yeah I don't think I'm
supposed to go to the light I think I
made a mistake
you never really figure out why all the
men died they they had one kind of just
bullshit explanation that made me want
to throw up near the end of the book and
it wasn't it wasn't deemed as an
official what happened either sewing god
oh so the whole series is over now Oh
bro what for many years now yeah oh okay
it's 60 or 70 odd issues okay I found an
iron
and I saw someone in the chat asking if
I was having any fun at all
I'm having fun talking to my good friend
rich Evans that's about all the fun I'm
having right now
I think I think this game I've heard him
say carrot is a huge fan of saga saga
parent like saga I know she likes the
the Miss Marple I I know she likes
Batman 66 67 or which every year is mmm
the comic book based on the TV show they
did that they they're doing that yeah oh
that is so funny
she loves that that's really funny
no I'm like I don't I don't mean to harp
on Miss Marvel it seems a little light
not not like content-wise you know
obviously like comic books are meant for
a younger audience right and so I'm not
saying like I want blood and gore it
seems light on the character and I guess
I've come to expect a little bit more so
I don't mean to harp and really i
recommend i definitely recommend just
reading the first trade just for the art
it's such a cool style this guy manages
to like blend this surreal style with
reality also her powers i don't
understand i don't understand why she's
called miss marvel okay so she got hit
with the Terrigen mist right and because
her great-great grandfather was an alien
she got powers because of it so she's
she's an inhuman right yeah and when she
got hit with the mist she had a vision
of Captain Marvel who is a current
character who's still alive Raven Denver
Carroll Dan no no Carol Danvers is Miss
marbles well she used to be now she's
Captain Marvel now right did they change
her name with with the new Miss Marvel
I don't by the way this is how I believe
that's what they did I believe that's
what they did know the formulas Marvel
is not just going by captain Mart okay
okay you know what I'll believe nobly
yeah and so yeah she had a vision of
Captain Marvel right and she has the
power new Miss Marvel Muslim Miss Marvel
has the power to like stretch and shrink
like mr. fantastic yeah and the firt and
she has the power to change her
appearance and the first person who
appearance she changed into was the old
Miss Marvel like you know classic
expanding swimsuit Miss marvel but
that's literally the only relation to
Miss marvel that we have like that it's
never been given an explanation as to
why she is Miss Marvel know whatever
like wow I don't get it you know but
nobody cared about this Marvel before I
mean oh sure oh by the way I don't care
about Miss Marvel still I just don't
understand why this person is calling
themselves Miss Marvel if they don't
have anything to do with this Marvel you
know you know what what what did what
did Barry Allen have to do with the
flesh I mean what the Barry M play see
on her was he really fast because he
wasn't the original flash yeah but was
he really did he have flash powers okay
okay
boom sorry I did it the end see that's
the usual thing like like with with like
any of the Superman clones or Superboy
or whatever or like if you're if you're
taking up a mantle usually you have
similar powers right that is comic book
status quo but she has stretchy powers
all right all right I mean her name is
captain super-strong and they're giving
her stretching powers I mean that's
really generic hey you know what
Touche it's not like you're having
somebody called the flash and their
power is to see the future I flash and I
see the future what it makes perfect
sense why do you call yourself the flash
because you're fast and that doesn't
make any sense call yourself mr. quicken
guy somebody somebody in the chat is
asking me if I'm passionate about
anything I pick and choose my battles oh
no no and I don't mean to sound
passionate about like I'm not defending
former US Marvel I think I've said like
at it I don't care about Miss Marvel the
only thing I know about Miss Marvel is
that's where Rowe got her powers right
yeah yeah that's that's all I know
because I was an x-men guy come on yo
you bow rope doesn't have those powers
anymore does she oh god who knows no I
mean not in not a new continuity well I
guess I guess you're not gonna see road
much in the Marvel Universe until oh
yeah unless Marvel should happen to get
the movie rights back the otherwise you
can just forget about it the only person
who cares about rogue is Bryan Singer he
probably cares about like Cyclops or hey
Colossus
I like that James Marsden is that his
name I wrote more his jam you know it's
because he's a homosexual I get it I get
it rich I like the guy I like the actor
who plays Cyclops
I think he's a good actor that's all I
have to add to the conversation
you know you know what I'm passionate
about Jack what are you passionate about
Rachel I keep that the heat death of the
pitch you shouldn't be that will
literally affect and no one you know
but someday Jack it will affect everyone
no but not everyone that will help we're
old that will have absolutely nothing to
do with you you should not care about
the heat death of the universe there's
nothing you can do about it and it won't
affect you in the slightest when the
universe is suffering he death you know
you know what they're not going to care
about what miss Marvel or what if we
have superpowers by then and just Marvel
it can help us with her stretchy
shrinking powers or is it super speed in
flight you know I think I think she's a
fictional character and that won't
happen but the heat then the universe
you're going on a marriage as our best
dream ever of course I'm going there as
it was for me I love that stream you
like this super depressing stream no
that's fine that was fun you can bring
us all down to you yeah I had to deliver
the heart harsh truth of reality to many
people yeah yeah yeah yeah no the stars
don't go on forever eventually they all
die okay Jack come on change the game I
know oh we've been we've been streaming
for an hour I've just been I've been
kind of waiting for that hour mark rich
couldn't couldn't we all go to a
parallel universe well you tell me how
we're gonna do that it might not be a
possibility yeah we don't know about
that's kind of stuff yet
these are things that are highly
theoretical
I'm toasting myself I'm doing it we're
gonna beat this level and then and then
we're gonna change games because this
game is balls that what are you
switching to I have no idea
you switched a blood-borne I'm just
gonna be angry but born on myself and
played blood-borne I won't I know I know
I shouldn't I know I shouldn't we've
done a lot of blood-borne it's it's good
that we vary up the games which is why I
was like I'll try the toast game you
know you look on the steam on the steam
review stuff and they're out like oh my
god I can't believe it this isn't your
average you know wacky physics simulator
gaming and it's just like shut up yes it
is you dick I guess no you know what I
guess is not your wacky physics
simulator game because it sucks because
it's not wacky because it's not wacky
and it's terrible there we go
I am toast I did it I did it
fuck this game back to menu back to menu
I am loading no you are not loading I'm
all tabbing out of you that's what I'm
doing
well awesome Technic dromeda galaxy is
gonna crash in the Milky Way galaxy in a
few billion years are you as excited as
I am yeah that's that's one you really
don't have to worry about technically
yeah they're gonna crash together but
presuming presuming Humanity is still
around we're barely gonna notice it's
gonna happen slowly and it's not like
it's not like all of the stars are going
to collide with each other the galaxies
they're just they're just gonna merge
it's gonna be one big galaxy there's not
gonna be mass destruction right yeah
it's they're not going to impact with
each other they're just going to collide
assuming assuming Humanity is around at
that point it's there's gonna be a lot
more stars to explore yeah like you
might have to fight with that what up
with whatever species are already there
that could be a problem that's
you know what that is that's the real
problem yeah that's the real problem
um I know what I'm gonna play I know
what I'm gonna play
