Episode 254
No More (audio or)Heroes (Part 2)
May 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvyL4LusKac
___________________________________________

we are going to continue on okay great
what's my score she's gonna be shit hey
well listen better
you couldn't dog shit you couldn't have
paused it during this uh you know what I
could have I'm not blaming you I'm not
I'm not that's not what I'm trying to do
okay
it's just a thing that's going on how
are you I'm fine rich I am totally fine
everything is fine
all of the time everything sounds good
now that's great that was an ordeal dick
neutral I'm sorry yeah any any questions
comments or feedback on the blood borne
did you get a chance to see rich yeah
how did you what did you think about it
was fine hard for me to judge
great I know I know I'm probably wrong
as far as the tutorial goes because I
didn't probably pay much attention to
the messenger guys cuz we were we were
both playing at that point you know
setting oh well you know I saw a lot of
a lot of feedback comments were we're
making fun of us
saying that like oh there's all these
little messenger guys for the tutorial
by the way we did pay attention to those
those messenger guys did not tell us
everything and that still does not
necessarily count as a tutorial you know
that's all still in game and that's more
what we're talking I was just had
honestly I was just happy to disagree
with you about something on the show I
worry that we tend to like things too
much the same you know we don't we don't
have much conflict
we don't we don't have much conflict and
that's okay you know hopefully we have
good conversations yeah they obviously
the largest chunk of the review was that
back and forth over the obtuseness yeah
and that's why I kept most of that
engine because I thought it was a really
good back and forth
thank you leftover beefcake I'm glad you
enjoyed it I really enjoyed it too I
there were so much stuff that I wanted
to keep in that you know I ended up
getting cut for time or just because it
didn't quite fit there was a lot that I
wanted to keep in I wanted to do the
parry usually murders more efficient
Lost Time
that's bad cousin I'm gonna have to
grind for money to start the next
mission oh sure sorry I see that turbo
Jesus 5000 thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated oh my god hey rich
and Jack I just mailed you Demon Souls
and Dark Souls 2 nice thank you
I actually I do people people have been
asking like if we will now reevaluate
Dark Souls because the fact that we both
want to lobby we never said we hated it
for what yeah no no we never said we
needed it we had a rough time because it
was one of our early streams the one
thing I will say is I one of the things
that kept me engaged in blood-borne was
the horror Lovecraftian world you know
and and so I don't know if I will be as
into the medieval world of Demon Souls
there of Dark Souls but I hear that
Demon Souls is a little more horror ish
that's that's the question but so so I I
would be more interested in picking up
Demon Souls just because it would be
completely fresh to me so
so I'm excited to get my hands on that
demon souls which I'm gonna have to
borrow your ps3 again instead of
previously recorded this show should be
called poorly recorded it's well we're
not I guess we are recording poorly live
referring to our constant audio issues
so that's fine
they are they are a staple running gag
of the stream the only the only problem
is it's not an intentional I by the way
I could still hear you and I see someone
saying like saying Jack do you not like
medieval themed games I am okay with
them I have no strong feelings towards
them one way or another you know I'm a
little tired of the medieval setting in
general but like you know that horror
alien bug monster stuff I I enjoy like I
like horror movies I like that kind of
blood and guts stuff so that kept me
more engaged than say Knights fighting a
dragon you know so so that's the only
thing
I'm I didn't I I this is the second
thing I've seen of Mario Kart adding a
200 cc if this is true then I'm very
excited I don't know if this is true I
assume it's true because you I've heard
it a couple times in chat that would be
awesome 200 cc course would be great
super fast you me that's fine
nice set of pipes you got there old man
it has always been my dream to perform
in a stadium such as this gentlemen from
the Association told me I could have any
stage I wanted today how can I refuse
such a kind of courtesy of me and my
entry fee no doubt my ex-wife called me
the other day and I met my daughter for
the first time in ten years we dine at a
fancy restaurant one of those that are
impossible to get a reservation for then
afterwards karaoke who got you the
reservation the Association took care of
it of course fuck my entry fee what's
important is not the fact that
reservations are hard to get in fact no
one gets reservation the words
reservations only apply only to those
outside of the circle it's getting into
that circle and the food good
unfortunately the atmosphere was a
facade not once did my own daughter
you're a junkie for blood old man people
like us we're sharks attracted blood you
smell blood dude you got it old man and
for some reason I feel the sense of
euphoria don't die on it too quickly I
want to Gorge myself on the sense of
fulfillment till I vomit man this is
what I live for
fighting your own kind nothing is more
gratifying see you on the other side
okay sorry I don't mean to be rude just
I one of the reasons I wanted to play
this because I've been meaning to
revisit this game I just I want to hear
the cutscenes
that's fine right that's fine if it's
the next wave of DLC new maps new racers
apparently another fzr map up for those
asking absolutely we will absolutely do
another mario kart stream when when the
new DLC comes out I'm super excited
about it will be mario kart and if that
gets boring we'll do some Smash Brothers
because he's like that stuff and I want
to play it so yes absolutely we will do
that don't worry about rich and there
there was one question in the chat that
I wanted to bring up someone was asking
if I will let my kids play blood-borne
they watch me play blood-borne all the
time they they think it's great like hey
if anyone follows me on Twitter you can
see my six-year-old actually drew
pictures of like my hunter and the bad
and some of the bad guys like the snake
pop out a head bad guy because they you
know I've spent a lot of time with my
children like discussing like the
difference between reality and like
movies so they have a healthy
understanding of things are fake you
know and so they love watching it they
get a kick out of all the monsters and
stuff oh absolutely
so I mean there's not a big difference
playing and watching you know as far as
content is concerned I you know my
oldest is six and he just doesn't have
the dexterity to play a game that
complicated yet
is the real thing
but no no you know like it I know and
they probably asked that question
because like I've talked about like not
wanting them to cuss not want to hear
cuss words and you know I think there's
a big difference
only in do you know this again we talked
about them during the big cussing thing
which is like they don't know when not
to cuss yet they don't have that ability
yet but but they are well aware of the
differences between reality and fiction
and so so so ya know they're great if
you're like I said it go over to my
Twitter you can see they're picked the
pictures that he drew it's really great
no no no my six-year-old plays a lot of
games he plays much oh no no I can only
assume no cuz the younger watches too
but they actually did the my
three-year-old is way more into monsters
like loves monsters and vampires and
mummies and zombies like there was
appeared where we had to watch the
Michael Jackson Thriller music video
every single day really just because he
loves zombies but but no no like like I
said that kind of content doesn't bother
me because they understand that it's
fake and they're just enjoying monsters
and enjoying the scenery
they they they laugh when they see any
monster like whoa look at the bug guy
when we got to the bug headed monsters
man were they giggling oh yeah yeah they
look amazing yes I finally beat rum
I got have you been to the upper
cathedral yet the upper cathedral is
where you fight like 20 werewolves
system crashed oh that's right that's
right
that's right thriller yeah now he loves
thriller all of them I am 33 it's open
mic night in hell old man sing all you
want down there
congratulations you are now ranked
number nine what you expect
wait a minute are you getting a little
sentimental still green aren't you you
know this is only the beginning
call me when the next one's arranged
okay that's okay so werewolves upper
cathedral werewolves up with Christie
feed girl there is a super fun boss
monster that I won't
I won't spoil for you and a really neat
secret area that I want to play out for
you so I thought if once you get there
it's great I really quick questions at
any favorite children's books the piggy
and elephant series are fantastic what
do you read your kids a bunch of stuff a
bunch of different stuff right oh oh
like I read piggy an elephant that's
pretty good no no you know what that was
funny that was funny enough to be
justified so I see someone someone is
asking someone apparently is a brand-new
parent i mr. named ode dawn or Dan
Wilson is apparently just a new parent
and is asking how I survived a newborn
the the answer is barely new boards are
really tough touch football
fighting thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated it I wonder that
when when my oldest was born I want to
say the first year I was I don't even
remember I don't even remember the first
year just because it was so tough and
like I was ready like you know we we
wanted children we were ready for
children I was like alright let's make
it happen and
and it blew me away it just it gets
better the older they get the better
they get once they start turning into
people that's the real thing you want to
talk about you being me being me I've
gotten some feedback oh sure there was a
that I'm a jerk
there was a reddit thread over the
meanness of rich Evans and Perley this
is a fairly lengthy thread as I
understand it according to Jay I
couldn't find it I I looked and I I
didn't see it but according to Jay had
several several comments on it and
people people were saying that you are
dismissive and mean okay
for one I mean I always saw like like
kind of just being a grumpy old man is
kind of my shtick I mean I I don't just
do it on camera just I naturally tend to
exaggerate oh sure
that's what I do and I hope everybody
understands that when I am like
dismissive or mean to somebody who has a
comment in the chat that unless they say
something that's blatantly mean to one
of us I'm just fucking with you I'm not
trying to make anybody genuinely feel
bad I'm not trying to genuinely be a
jerk to everybody I'm just like
exaggerated hyperbolic literally it's a
little hyperbolic it's a little it's
it's a bit of a caricature yeah you know
I think I think actually this is this is
one of the problems with you know the
internet age in general is when when you
are when all we can do here's what I
think the real problem is is is like
like are it you're saying you are being
you're trying to be funny
you're trying to be entertaining but you
know they can only hear us right and and
this is actually a big problem with
people like sarcastically commenting on
things is there's no real gauge for
sarcasm you know like when you're in the
room when you
in a room with someone you can you can
see their body language you can gauge
sarcasm much better but perhaps over
audio it's harder to tell that you're
just jokingly fucking with people but
anybody who's actually I'm not trying to
hurt anybody's feelings I'm not really
trying to be a jerk right
another thing well while we're on
apologies I I've been I know I know I
bitched about it a lot I I want to make
it clear one more time and I I don't
know that I make this clear enough when
I have bitched about religion hmm my
only real beef is with fundamentalist
your normal believer your normal
church-going person I have no problem at
all with you at all at all so I would
like to apologize to anybody listening
all over Christian Muslim Jewish friends
out there Buddhist everyone I'm sorry I
will I will go out of my way to take it
easier on you and when I have harped on
religion usually what I do get angry
about what the religion is or the
fundamentalist hmm so I love you all
exactly the fundamentalist no and I mean
I like I think people should appreciate
this and like I think most people kind
of knew you were you were kidding but
like one of the problems is also that
we're filling a bunch of time you know
and so then you kind of hear the same
thing over and over again I I do think I
see in the comments I think a lot of
that reddit thread if I'm to believe
what what Jay said about it to be true I
honestly think a lot of that was about
our not wanting to play The Last of Us
I'm not I'm not joking at all because
you know we said we and it's just like
we don't think it'll be a game we'll
enjoy so we're not going to play it it's
just that simple and so but I do really
think that's what the majority of it was
about is us dismissing this game that
people really like
I haven't actually seen the the reddit
thread and like I said I looked and I
couldn't find it I didn't look that hard
yeah I do
oh you know what I do remember that
there is a push a while back to make an
official sarcasm font yeah yeah which I
would love I would love and you know
like it really if you put anything in
kind of italics it's a little more
sarcastic than normal but I would
actually love that like an official
thing to be like this thing I'm typing
is a joke the italics right that would
possibly backfire oh my god yeah I know
by the way according to mr. shy smile he
saw that reddit thread and he says it
was just about us not wanting to play
The Last of Us I know I know I typed in
that I want the neo-nazis to kill all
the Jews but I used the sarcasm font
you're right you're right
so that was just about the last of us oh
hold on unn unn kool-aid man has found
the link hold on I'm gonna look in the
link here there I like Jack and Rich
they're funny guys but their incessant
negativity about games has made their
show nearly unwatchable right no no I
mean that's you know of course
dismissing all the games we actually
really love and and play all the time
and talk about the games we love all the
time no matter its belong can you buy
apparently let's see here oh my god this
is totally it and they're dead they're
immediately dismissive about and I
legitimately don't understand why do
they think they're too cool to enjoy
certain games the oh god yes they are
absolutely talking about us not wanting
to play The Last of Us Jesus Christ and
oh by the way 100% rich and I believe
ourselves to be too cool rich and I I
don't know if you guys know this about
rich and I we are too cool and happening
guys I'm Jordan and I know it's the same
people that made Uncharted I know
Uncharted it's just kind of a boring
looking shooter mixed with some yeah I'm
kool-aid man says you didn't like the
game I liked Jack it's fine you know
what if that's what it's about that's
fine I you know like I said it every
everything is fine all the time we did
we do in general try to entertain you
guys during these streams I hope we were
cheating that I know there was a there
was a reddit thread recently about like
our poor decision to stream during Game
of Thrones and it's just like you know
not everything else is Game of Thrones
the numbers weren't that different
settle down right
it's everything's fine all the time
that's the real truth about the world is
everything's fine all the time
ok so talk about interesting things I
don't know if oh rich yeah
have you seen daredevil I you know I was
going through the other night and then I
it was kind of late and I realized that
I there's a whole season of Archer I
haven't seen oh my six of Archer
I plan on watching daredevil but
I've gotten a few more episodes in oh my
god oh my god no that's alright oh no I
don't crunch the numbers of every stream
by the way like John B 820 but you know
like right now like if you look under
the streamer it tells you how many
people are watching right now there's
459 thank you to all of you 459 to watch
and I want to say I'm Sunday there was
about the same if not a little bit more
but it's just the thing it didn't it
didn't drastically change the numbers
like it like that's the thing like let's
say perhaps we wanted to stream against
a show right yeah like something I don't
even know what shows are on this the
series finale sure The Walking Dead and
we start streaming and we get a max of a
hundred viewers that would be a dramatic
difference and then we would learn from
that say okay we can't ever stream
during The Walking Dead boom right well
congratulate all I haven't it's coming
up now wait you're not parking yet oh
you just did a jump that's pretty sweet
oh great parking Jeffrey no I know
so in any case like as as a producer I
do pay attention to the numbers that's
part of my job and so if if there was a
big if there was a drastic change
because of something like that I would
take note and we would try to fix that
to make sure that we could still put out
a quality product
but there just wasn't so damn Oh what
happened did you die you're gonna kill
him I'm good
kill them all make it happen as long as
you don't stream against daredevil right
oh God thank you for the jokes for the
jokes in in italics it's big ern
parentheses jokes and parentheses I I'm
super psyched to watch more daredevil
super super sight yeah yeah lime only I
want to say I'm only I am only on like
Episode five or six so I'm not terribly
far because I'm watching it with my wife
and so like we get we get to watch like
one a night you know but uh but so far
very much enjoying it oh are you doing
an O death I haven't died I know I know
I'm - daredevil too much it's fine show
the the the reason I I'm talking so
highly of daredevil is because in
general I think everyone knows I'm a big
fan of superheroes in general and the
superheroes on TV is usually subpar all
of all of the superheroes on TV have
been subpar and of course now you're
gonna mention something in a chat that
was great
I'm sorry I'm sure we're not counting
anime live-action superheroes you know
like you take a look at Smallville
Smallville had a decent premise that was
ruined by monster of the week you take a
look at arrow which is fine subpar I
haven't seen flash I've heard good
things about flash I didn't want a lot
Josh powers was god-awful
what hours yes powers insulted me
personally Oh rich yeah nice I think my
skype made a noise oh you didn't hear
any no what was that Skype what's going
on
and so there yes arrow is okay like
arrows is arrow is what I thought was
acceptable for superhero shows a little
cheap looking a little light on the
action a little cheesy right and so it's
like that's what you think you can get
in a superhero TV show and then
something like daredevil comes along and
you see it done correctly and you're set
and it like it neck by next year
daredevil might look like garbage
because like they're doing something
else but for right now for right now
it's like oh oh they're doing it
correctly and this is the first time
I've seen it done correctly you know
which is treating the subject matter
seriously they have their shit together
they know what they're doing at this
point
yeah DC I know they don't they're trying
to kind of emulating marvel no making
weird decisions but like like I you know
arrow and flash the shows are relatively
successful right absolutely
why the fuck would you not tie those in
with us the movie universe what is wrong
with them what is wrong with them of
course you should tie those into the
movie universe that's what people are
watching if anything those should be the
basis of your movie universes you know
take your already established audiences
audiences and grow them but not violent
really quick the the worst Doctor Who
companion is uh is the newest one I want
to say her name was Claire she did not
oh no no I know you don't care this is
just a real quick aside she had no
character she was a blank slate and she
was whatever the story needed her to be
that week she was the worst but but
that's the real thing with Marvel is
they are a producer driven studio and
they're nailing it right now it won't be
it won't be forever obviously but right
now they're nailing it yeah this is that
you're right mal Ratko this is very much
making me looking forward to Luke Cage
which is the next Netflix Marvel thing
no Rose is not the worst companion rose
Rose had a character she had she had the
most intense relationship with two
doctors she gets she she got a good
character it was weird when she came
back and her teeth were all big for some
reason I don't get what's the at like
after after a year of being gone the the
first companion in the Doctor Who reboot
yeah not rebooted the doctor the new
seasons of that group after a year of
being gone she came back and she had
like lost a bunch of weight and gotten
like what do you what'd he call it when
you like fake teeth but not fake teeth
like we have veneers or caps
she had gotten something done to her
teeth to make her teeth super big and it
was very distracting but no she had a
good character I liked her other world
story I liked how she had to leave the
doctor I liked her relationship with
both doctors it worked Claire if that
was her name the newest companion is the
worst she had no character she was she
was all at once the girl who knew
everything and the ditzy stupid clumsy
sidekick she was she was nothing she was
everything therefore she was nothing
I see it's very little to be yeah I know
I know it does and this is just a little
venting but it's it was it was poor
characteristic writing in in the same
scene she would be kind of flabbergasted
by the very thought that aliens existed
and then one minute later like hacking
an alien computer you know there was
there was nothing to her Clara Clara
that was her name Thank You Clara
I hated her my favorite doctor is uh is
the first one not the first one the
first one oh my god and I always forget
his name Christopher Eccleston Eccleston
is my favorite doctor to head dog of to
head thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we do it's really true yeah
and you know what the hardcore fans of
anything will be the worst of anything
right now as we're discovering with our
latest Last of Us controversy but and so
you might be right the fans of Doctor
Who are probably the worst of it I think
there's a lot of good in there if you
like that kind of fantasy science and
British step and I mean it's it's all
Netflix and so if you have Netflix and
who doesn't have Netflix you might as
well watch it it's there I tried I gave
it a try get most of the season yeah and
that's fine that's fair that's fine
Pizza Tran says not watching Doctor Who
is my favorite Doctor Who no you know
what it's not gonna be for everyone
obviously the new one what new doctor oh
I haven't been watching I gave up
because the show started to really suck
I don't care don't care it needs to
prove itself to me it was so bad for so
long rich and I was a die-hard hardcore
fan and it got so bad that even I just I
couldn't I couldn't take it one true
Rodney thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated
oh I'm sorry if you don't have enough
plates started to suck yeah you've
really did makers I think he's an older
doctor
oh yeah no and I've seen a couple of you
people asking in the chat
I don't know rich if you've been on the
internet today but there was a new
Dennis really there was yesterday a
Dennis Quaid yells onset viral video
happened okay you know India you're
Dennis Quaid not to be confused with
Randy Court actors are jerks wait we
know this as it turns out it was a fake
viral made by Funny or Die okay to
generate buzz for something or another I
mean I don't well that's good for Dennis
Quaid good pretender quite good for
funny tonight vo I saw some people
asking if I had anything to do with it
no I usually don't anymore I'm still
very good friends with the people over
at Funny or Die but I don't really work
here much anymore so but good for them
it's all it's always nice when they can
get a win and especially like a big win
that then naturally can go viral that's
always the hardest part where it's like
if you have if you have a fan base
it's easy to get a certain number of
views right and and funny guy is pretty
good at retaining a fanbase and using
celebrity influence to get a certain
number of views but here's a situation
where they were able to make a video go
viral without any of their influence and
that like that's the real struggle so
congratulations to them that's a big win
good for them Jack don't you think
Marvel are at risk of getting kind of
samey
yeah the trailer looks like yeah when I
say they have their ship together I mean
they're popular and what they're doing
what they're doing is working and people
really seem to dig the shared universe
absolutely well and again people care
about ant-man just because they care
about the Marvel Universe all this shit
nobody would give a fuck at all but
because of the cinematic universe
exactly exactly it's that's the amazing
part of a producer or a studio driven
movie franchise you know usually when
you think about movies any movie or a
movie franchise you think about the
auteur you know you think about the
director you think about the writer
right but here we are most concerned
with just what Marvel is doing and
that's amazing in its own right ant-man
is gonna be the real test though because
everyone on the internet knew that Edgar
Wright was attached right and Edgar
Wright wasn't playing nice with Marvel
and it didn't and and eventually you
know their disagreements let's pretend I
don't know much about Edgar Wright okay
was he from what did he do
going on what's this what's this what's
the story who is this man he makes
movies you enjoy movies Shaun of the
Dead okay okay now I'm on the trolley
now you're on the truck the trolley yeah
just just to name a few he also got buzz
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world that worlds
and you know he he's a he's a not only
is he a filmmaker who's made stuff you
enjoy he has a very specific style to
him you know did you see any space I
didn't yeah oh you didn't care oh I love
that was Graham space but you know what
space was for me it was Evil Dead
really do you ever well and I'm about to
explain myself that was my that was my
set up like what's amazing about
something like Evil Dead or something
like clerks or El Mariachi or I'm trying
to think of Earl I mean what do we talk
about before like Oh memento you know
like when you get to see a director
proto style you know like when they're
just figuring out how to handle their
style yeah that was that was space for
me it's like watching like Edgar Wright
style start to creep into space knowing
what would it later come to up Shaun of
the Dead and and Scott Pilgrim vs. the
world I really enjoyed that okay so as
to as a creator watching you could see
his little flares in space then they
weren't quite there yet you know but in
any case the real thing with Marvel are
the real thing with ant-man is the
internet knows that a director with
prestige and style was attached to it
and over disagreements with Marvel is no
longer hat it's more
happening so if ant-man can still manage
to be a good movie that's a huge win as
far as I'm concerned for Marvel I don't
know if it's huge win for us because we
don't get to see if your rights version
which obviously but you know how's that
gonna work I know like there's a lot of
talk now apparently they are both Marvel
and DC are trying to court Angelina
Jolie to direct movies for them it's a
direct force so directing yeah cuz she's
she directs now what's she directed she
just directed a fury okay
they're not fury that wasn't Brad Pitt
one because there are things no no
unbroken that was the one that's
unbroken was what it was called not fury
fury was the branded thing she did a
similar movie called unbroken in any
case but she is someone who doesn't like
Edgar Wright doesn't care about
listening to studios you know and so
they're courting her but it's like will
she be able to play nice unbroken yes
I'm sorry everyone
I say fury I'm broke not unbreakable
unbroken anyway do either rich do either
of you go see movies with Mike or Jay
sometimes care about staying tag along
absolutely I think most famously both
rich and I went with Mike and Jay to see
guardians of the galaxy and and well
that I actually the reason I remember
it's um
because rich and I had the exact same
feelings great I mean I think we've
talked about it before in in Chad which
is that that we rich and I felt both the
same about it which was like you know
there's a lot of rich and i's feelings
about it was that it was a lot of payoff
with very little setup yeah and we kind
of felt middling about it I still think
it's a good movie it was very
entertaining but you know like yeah it's
fine whereas obviously Jay wants to have
its baby and like really enjoyed it as
well
James coude loves James guy and that's
fine
I don't know how far ahead J and Mike
plan on what movies they're going to see
no you know cuz we in in Milwaukee we
were never quite sure what's coming our
jobs for everyone thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated it's
true we do we very much appreciate it
but uh Maki being a smaller time we
don't get a lot of V like independent
movies we have a couple independent
movie theaters which is great but and of
course you know we never know you know
we're always we're constantly scheduling
best of the worst
zap in the bags previously recorded and
so it's like figuring just figuring out
when they can see a movie let alone like
who's editing what and whatnot so I can
only I can only assume sometimes it's
the very same day know how well a jacket
help you sure no no I mean look at all
those different colors of jackets you
can wear that's very exciting that is
very exciting
laughs try living in a real small town I
didn't even get in Harran device it says
Lucky Strikes
it's Milwaukee's not that's not the city
you're right it's it's it's no it's not
a it's not a metropolis you know we
don't get on but I'm very happy we have
for such a small city we have I want to
say four really nice independent movie
theaters that play a wide range of
diverse indie flix so I should be
grateful
are you kidding its Milwaukee we have 38
McDonald's in on the same block like
there's some there's more McDonald's I
don't know what is it on Milwaukee
Milwaukee has more bars than churches
where is that Wisconsin in general
Wisconsin in general has more bars than
churches or more bars than grocery
stores like there it's there's a
ridiculous number like that where where
we just we were drinking folk and that's
what we do good great pizza places some
places you everything here is just a big
name McDonald's subway you are
incredibly wrong you are in what about
Culver's Culver's is a national things
that started in Wisconsin and Culver's
does not freeze their meat like they use
fresh burgers they make your food after
you order they grill your hamburgers
funny
of course Illinois yeah
no no fuck euros euros is spam-like
euros is because you really had heroes
they have around here you're only eating
lamb Bologna
that's all our euro is you only had the
ship once come Culver's I see some
people asking in the chat
Culver's loafers gave me diarrhea is an
amazing fast-food restaurant that cooks
your food
only after you ordered and not like
McDonald's where they heat up your food
they cook you a burger after you order
it but it's still drive-through amazing
custard and if you don't know what
custard is it's ice cream with eggs in
line it's the most delicious thing
you'll ever eat
mr. de YT thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it cops that's
right there's cops cops is an amazing
burger and ice-cream place
oh no cops has custard as well you guys
are crazy
Culver's as the Culver's is great
Culver's is really great we have
restaurants where you can know that bull
verse has what awful french fries awful
bland eerie french fries that you need
to slather and ketchup because they're
terrible have you ever had cops fries
we're talking fries now cops fries are
great okay I am a dumbass that wouldn't
but not about culprit solvers is great
I'll be honest most of the time I go
there I'm getting custard but every once
in a while I get a burger and fries and
I really enjoy but here's the thing rich
we in general like if you're looking for
good food you should not be looking for
fast food there's restaurants where you
can have to go orders there's amazing
pizza places amazing burger joints that
isn't that is not true I travel a lot
and I've had plenty of fast-food ones
and every single time a sit-down burger
a burger at a sit down places there are
20 million amazing pizza place there's
20 million averaging amazing pizza no no
you are in alert insane good fast food
Jack I know what I'm talking about I
know you don't get it around here crazy
I think you're crazy
it's called it's called hardens where we
are in Milwaukee we have oh no I think
I'm they weren't saying it was goodbye
they just wanted to know whether it's
called Carl's jr. or Hardee's I would
love to get some they are they are
literally the worst we we only have one
good sushi place in Milwaukee and it and
I could get inside so pizza slices are
fast food and we have amazing pizza
places which is a crazy person perfectly
average surface a crazy person
permissively ever taste buds have been
ruined by McDonald's but he doesn't know
anymore
he doesn't know each other get it your
taste buds have been flying out
we have great I would love a good a good
crazy I do have a leadest taste buds
that's right that's why you can trust me
my taste buds are elitist
B because because I I mostly eat
vegetables only when I do have fast food
it better be good I mean do what you
gotta specially the see the billikin
you're right that's why there's only one
good sushi place I also would not trust
Milwaukee sushi we uh the fish in our
lake are not sushi worthy and so it's
all has to be shifted but with modern
shipping methods it's pretty okay is use
is a really good sushi place
that's our only one I've been to Oakland
yours I don't think they're that great I
just think euros in general well you're
you're at you're you're asking for a
world of hurt no good you can only eat
it once every six months once every six
months it smacks on the hero but I do
know why Wendy's serves the square
burgers rich do you know why Wendy
serves square burgers I know why White
Castle serves burgers with holes in them
well let's see that wasn't the question
no I just wonder so they look bigger
okay
lit literally it's it's it's the exact
same amount of meat on other burgers but
they just do it because it looks bigger
and so people think they're getting more
meat than they are so they think they're
getting a better deal oh here we go
rich I'm going to Chicago this summer
where should I know I mean I'm mostly
familiar with the fast food dodge that
we run south suburbs but you probably
won't be new isn't who knows a chain
yeah Chicago I don't know I know I know
there's some chains I don't I know they
farmed out their name I don't
I think the food actually might be a lot
different at the original who knows I
don't know it's like I don't know if the
franchise really sell the same pizza
I think there's something weird going on
there with that I don't know rich I
think I think you might have you might
have just shown your true foodie colors
there okay
I'm not explain I'm an I can tell you if
you're in south suburbs by where I was
mr. sub is great okay Mickey's here oh
this is my favorite place to get a gyro
notice pizza cheap and good pizza Oh way
according to Kilroy mix fog there are
two oh noes the original and Chicago's
who knows which is a completely
different company and I want to I want
to say like very and like the people who
call themselves who knows that I've had
our garbage yeah cuz that's probably the
chain that just bought the name sure
sure okay there's some shenanigans going
on there there's shenanigans okay I
don't with you
yeah don't don't ever go to Applebee's I
can't even find a white castle why would
why the fuck would you want a white guy
every now and then you just have a taste
for it you are an insane person there is
a White Castle you have to drive about
it you have to drive about 20 minutes
south but white White Castle is garbage
White Castle is grease slathered garbage
and there is no way you should ever eat
White Castle there is there is something
what does that mean okay right Jesus
Christ die
all meat pizza that sounds that's crazy
we're saying like an Applebee's in Lake
County Illinois closed when they got
sued over unpaid wages they lost in
court and declared bankruptcy rather
than pay up thirty two restaurants
closed at once Wow really
yeah no White Castle is not well White
Castle is great when you're high when
you're high everything is great
that's that doesn't count white castles
greasy garbage there's there is
something in an adult's life called the
Olive Garden rule people and it's it's
basically an easy way to judge people
which is there Yuki you can judge people
solely on their feelings about Olive
Garden if they say anything but no let's
not go to Olive Garden they're not good
people I'm saying like you shouldn't
have to eat crappy food I mean we're
adults you can eat good food it's a
thing and you know what here to not be
completely hipster foodie position I
love fast food I've talked extensively
about my loves of McDonald's and talked
about so I like obviously like you do
what you got it no it's not good fast
food but I love fast food I mean along
Yunos beef and pasta is good fast food
I'm getting to it I'm getting to a point
yeah which is like you want to go to
Olive Garden to have a guilty pleasure
you do human right you want to go to
Applebee's to have a guilty pleasure you
do you but you don't talk about it
that's something that should be you know
that's that's not the place to go
you need you need to get your
breadsticks Phil from Olive Garden you
do you but but in general that's not
considered good
that's the Olive Garden
that's right that's where I kept the
myth pick people who eat Olive Garden
can be good people in a moral sense but
their judgement can not be trusted
with regards to food that's exactly the
correct way to put that yeah and I mean
there's tons of guilty ones
we have a decent Bowl place right by me
a pho is a really great thing if you've
ever had ramen like good ramen if Louis
is kind of like that it's like a
Vietnamese version of that with rice
noodles it's basically like a big soup
it's like this big bowl of like pork
soup with rice noodles and like slices
of pork and vegetables it's really good
I mean like pho folk I mean you know
when it's good it's good right but but
it's good it's like a big greasy bowl of
pork soup it's good it's great I do wish
on Safran thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it I definitely
prefer good ramen over pho we only have
one ramen place in Milwaukee and it's
way up on the north side but I would I
will gladly drive up to the north side
to have ramen rather than walk around
the corner to have pho you know if
that's fo F there pho pronounced pho all
right or is that it's it's pronounced
Fah it looks like it's a phone I don't
pH how would you pronounce pho I love
pho
yeah I'm pronounced okay so I but
apparently pronounce foie like
fuck your next ranked fight begins the
moment you're ready step inside
I highly doubt you'll survive this time
but hey there's only one way to find out
we're back for a moment we'll be cutting
out again soon Jack did we cut out when
for like a couple minutes
