Episode 100
Titan Souls & a Half (Part 2)
May 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnNTYApD1JQ
___________________________________________

you know that I know that you
don't know that
I don't Dred Scott that's it that's what
exactly oh no no you're right it was
Great Scott oh it's getting ridiculous
I know oh my god is it like a giant
night uh-oh
okay nope nope Oh
can't get me giant night Oh Oregon you
can give two arrows he has two arrows
the giant knight has two arrows okay
gotta watch out for those giant Knights
he was a giant nine also he had two
arrows so I wasn't you know he had an
arrow like mine and I was like oh what a
fun boss fight he's like me I don't
think this is I mean this can't be the
final boss this is you know I just
haven't I haven't played that much this
is just oh I see you do are you sure you
do no not even close
Jay's manhole has a question
he says rich I got in a fight with a guy
because he was listening to music at the
airport without headphones yeah had a
cool thing to do no well are you asking
is it cool to get in fights or is it
cool to listen to music without you you
know you're allowed to get into a fight
the other person's cocksucker deserves
there's anything wrong with sucking cock
it's just a bit stern phrase
did you ask them nicely did you ask them
did you ask them politely to turn it
down I guess a lot of questions asked
you can ask them once and then if they
they don't comply then you're allowed to
punch them in the face no that's not
true you cannot just go around punching
people in the face you do I think you
absolutely get in trouble for punching
people in the face I've seen the movies
if you punch somebody in the face is
annoying other people you just applause
no is that what happens yes oh there you
go look they love it yeah yeah
apparently I listen to rich on this one
I I'm not
sucking cock is usually a good way to
resolve the conflict yeah I mean maybe
maybe that's the thing maybe he was just
lonely
maybe this guy was like listening to
music just hoping and that someone would
like be like hey man I like that music
to thank you can you know maybe we don't
know we don't know anything about this
person I think it's perfectly acceptable
to ask someone not to listen to music
loudly in public it's it's not perfectly
acceptable to ask someone if you could
suck my cock you have to have to you
have to get to know
absolutely that's that's the real thing
just get to know find out if they like
having their cock sucked then suck their
cock that's how it works
and as terrible as worse is riding the
subway what is worse is riding the
subway in the morning and people are
actually singing out loud just singing
random songs in the morning while I'm
trying to get to work
that sounds awful that's that's more of
a morning person problem I know
no no cuz I'm a morning person and I
wouldn't want someone just singing where
it's like shut up you know I public
transportation is great for zoning and
you're taking away my zone time
yep go go go
yes yes this is blood-borne and I'm glad
you think it looks good
these are this is the new DLC for
blood-borne
it's pretty exciting but as you see the
load times significantly less you know
they had to make a few graphical
sacrifices but you know I think it's
fine
I think it's fine a few graphical
sacrifices and they cut out some of the
weapons but you know it is what it is
people were furious last Wednesday that
I didn't play dead rising yeah we did
say we're gonna play dead rising but
that's my group thing I thought was
gonna be a group yeah it was I want you
to play I want you to play dead Rises
you could think that's one game we're
gonna see people will do that on
Wednesday then yeah let's yeah that was
my plan for last Wednesday's in morgog
you couldn't be around and gave us it
around leave that good so yeah we'll do
it this one day all right I guess
everybody just settle down
I need to pay more this guy has audio
cues with his attacks and I need to pay
attention to that yeah I don't know why
I mean what do you I don't even remember
what you played on Wednesday to tell you
the truth are you pops no we're heroes
that's right that's why that's why you
tuned it out
that's why cuz it's not my thing
yep this is not my thing and that's fine
that's fine
everything's fine okay
Oh oh my god okay I'm learning things
learning things about his in his giant
arrow can break pillars and kill me
that's great
yes anything to kill you anything to
kill me no I'm Phil Phil Davis is making
a good point you know there's there's
usually a thing with game Phil Davis
says Jack you keep doing the same thing
over and over it's not working I don't
know if you've noticed there's this fine
line in games between failing because
you're doing the same thing over and
over again and it's not working or
failing because you're not doing the
thing correctly you know what I'm saying
yeah and so I'm just trying to make sure
that I'm not doing the thing correctly
and so I tried I did try a little bit of
a different tactic this time where I
tried to hit him before he shot his
arrow basically I'm just trying to kill
him as quickly as I can before his giant
arrow just fucks my day because that's
what it's been doing
it's a giant day fucking arrow it's a
giant day fucking yard this is shaped
like a penis oh oh he oh he has two
regular arrows I make sure I'm not doing
it I'm not doing a crit right that's
that's for the thing is you know I want
to make sure that is like does the thing
I'm doing just not work or am i doing it
wrong and there's a fine line between
that and yes I know I've been doing the
same thing over it I'm
I'm so basically all I'm saying is yes
I'm aware of that too I am gonna try
something new now here's my new plan I'm
going to attack the giant arrow
nope
Alvis emphases the world would be a
different place if we all just sucked
each other's cocks everyone would have a
dick bitch dick breath really would
making everyone equal care to sign my
petition yeah it really is you know what
it would be a different place I you know
might be happier might be not so happy
if you're like forced to buy like law
and pay with guns a pretty depressing
it'd be pretty depressing but if just
that if that was like the way it went
like just you know that's how you've
greeted people in this world
nice nice to meet you is it my penis
smells wonderful they'd be stuck in this
they'd be stuck in the Stone Age
nothing nothing would ever get done you
know I've been working on this this new
thing is called the vaccine it keeps you
free from disease and I was putting some
major hours into it the other day but
then I started getting my dick sucked
it didn't happen you're right it would
be a terribly depressing world I
wouldn't hold my breath of that
vaccination I would hold my breath to
suck my cock
you're right this does sound it sounds
exactly like a sliders episode
Oh oh that did it finally I didn't win
but if I shoot the arrow it takes his
armor off and then I can shoot yeah good
sir you have to shoot shoot the giant
glowy arrow of death and that removes
his armor that just seems like a pain in
the ass well that's it that's the game
rich that's I can just do this oh no I
missed I missed I missed you're right
take four step one take the Knights
armor off a step to suck his cock he
does seeing I think we may have gone too
far in a few places you think yeah this
is the bit tonight Richard you stick
with the bit
Joe kitty the name of the song at the
end of all the prerequisites called
do-or-die by Stuart bogey bo gie it's
great song and it's in the description
of the video I put it in there because
everyone everyone asks about that song
it's a great song it's and like it's not
a song that I knew especially well it
was just a song that I chose because it
was part of the
by the way you cannot shoot beer while
it's waiting to be shot he needs to
shoot it first he needs to shoot it
first
so do or die by steward bogey not
steward boogie which you would think it
would be was just part of the if you're
a YouTube partner you get access to all
these songs that you can use
royalty-free and that was just one of
them and I liked it so I use it as our
and credits on there's no greater story
you can make some wise uh some sort of
made that force yeah it's cool
you know I said if y'all riot if you
could make song yeah there's the Rolling
Stone they don't want to credit it right
oh my fucking god
we didn't want to stress distracted song
for being like yours man no it's all
about you know big jack but Jagger said
that to me
ya know it's all about you it's all
about me no it's actually really weird
like the song takes a really right after
I cut the song he he starts singing not
oh oh sorry I'm ditching the bit just to
talk about the actual song okay
and it's it like an 80s synth-pop song
it sounds completely different than you
think it would from really from the from
the intro it's very strange I definitely
recommend giving it a listen to it's
very strange but the rest of the song
sounds completely different
I'm playing hide behind this rock
it's
Oh rolled right into it the name of the
song again is do or die by Stewart a
bogey Bo gie not seward boogie which i
often credit a mess because he would
think like if you're a songwriter and
your last name was Chloe why wouldn't
you name it boogie the master
twenty-thousand has a very funny joke
which is Jack considering your love of
cutscenes do you enjoy the Metal Gear
Solid series the answer is no that's a
very funny joke you say very funny jokes
like I remember playing the first Metal
Gear Solid and just you know been being
okay with it like it was kind of an
oddity for the ps1 era it lost me with
the story
yeah yeah pretend but you know what like
it had some neat gameplay elements yeah
oh yeah and so a lot of the the story
could be forgiven
oh I series that Mike has with men in
black okay what's that I would I would
like to see a handle what Mike is
Michael ever be angry at men in black
for being a comedy really yeah no yeah
he likes the concept of the men in black
and the aliens in the UFO like you know
I think he would have loved that movie
effort more x-files ask sure it wasn't
and he hates it you know it's light is
what it is there's nothing you can do
about it yes dick neutral I am I bitchin
Oh huh you get bitching moan you could
do that well I mean you can always bitch
and moan that's our that's our given
right as Americans one dick neutral yes
I do want to play axiom verge that looks
like a lot of fun it's the new it's a
new Metroid II pixel art side-scrolling
kind of game it's supposed to be very
fun axiom diverge I've been paying
attention
look I was either gonna play this well I
said birch like like the wood axiom
birch yes yep axiom Evergreen and Art
Crime says I make music if I send you
some would you give it a listen sure I
mean I don't have good taste in music or
or you know I'm not a music guy you
should give it to Josh Josh yeah he's
definitely Josh is the music guy but
yeah Gorillaz I'm sure weren't you wanna
BAM I was an abandoned for a long time
many years how the hell are you not a
music guy um I mean I enjoyed making
music I just I just don't know anything
about it okay
it was it was really fun writing songs
and playing shows that was really fun I
never studied music I never listened to
much music but you know writing and
performing was always fun so but like
yeah like blue mystery-box the people
who do our background music you know
like that that guy just got a hold of us
and said hey if I give you a bunch of
songs will you use it as background
music and I said I'm not necessarily but
if you allow us to I might and that's
what we use for our background news
right now and I think it works out great
it's really tough to find like unique
music beds
Oh
you music beds music beds background
music you know like music to be out to
live in Ellen's you've never heard of
beds okay makes sense makes sense
we do need to get Josh back in here to
talk good to talk music with all you
music geeks I agree I agree either
played D&D; no I think we've talked about
that I I did once cuz it was at a
friend's birthday party and they were
into it they had like an impromptu game
and yeah wasn't that really for not
saying I hate him saying it's not for me
yeah yeah felt silly and I've also
played one game I I played a couple I
went a couple times I had a friend who
was really into D&D; and I tried to join
his guild or whatever you call them and
WorkFirst his dork vest
and my and my problem was my problem
wasn't the game I think in general I
would have really enjoyed the India the
group of people he was playing with I
didn't much care for and they didn't
like the fact that someone new was
coming into their group you know they
had all been playing together for years
yeah and I was like and and you know but
they all knew they all knew that like I
didn't know what I was doing you know
like I just wanted to learn and they're
like hey let's get some fresh blood in
here and they treat they did not treat
me they were not very welcoming to the
new guy very much so hey Jack what was
your part in the Phantom Menace review
script my part was the things that I
said when Mike asked me to him I said
those things so I guess I wrote that
this doesn't the Q&A; was generally yeah
the Q&A; was doing nervousness
there was no script involved for that
Oh
so no I had I had absolutely nothing to
do with the Phantom Menace review script
besides being part of the Q&A; part and
literally Mike did not tell me what he
was doing when he asked me he said I
just want to feel I just want to film
I'm gonna ask you some questions is that
okay we were on we were on a different
shoot like Mike was helping me out with
his shoot and he's like can I pull you
aside for a half hour and ask you some
questions
I I had I had talked with Mike about the
Phantom Menace before he made the review
I like I helped him take notes and we
discussed the movie for he but script
for that so when he showed up at my door
with a camera I kind of I kind of
assumed he was going to ask me the easy
questions but the answers were not
scripted
I was just I was just thinking oh yeah
you're gonna do that thing you're asked
about characters okay okay okay
and to be fair I I think I did qui-gon
better than anybody else so points to me
what do you mean did qui-gon better
I called him stoic sir wait that's more
than most people got is that you I felt
like that was Jesse well I'm sure she's
pretty sure that was me listen he I
thought he was the one who said that
like questioning me like Zoey I don't
it's been so long since I've seen Jack
what is your part in getting your ass
kicked by this boss I know I am yeah how
long have you been on this one basta for
a while now but I mean that's the game I
guess I could try to find another boss
but you know
I kind of get what's going on here I
have to hit the arrow and then I need to
get my arrow back in time to hit him I
think he has maybe there's a maybe
there's an order you're kind of supposed
to do the bosses in and you're that
could be you're doing them out of order
and that could be I mean it's one of
those things where there's probably like
a best way to do it you know sure
maverick Joe I am think own way
if they'd like
I can hit the arrow
okay seriously serious time is happening
hold on to 100 yes yes yes yeah that's
another game I want to play someone was
telling us some games they sent us over
Steam Lake View cabin actually not at
you you not only sent us that but James
did did something for that James did the
guy who does the videos for finding guys
that come super meatboy him he did
something for that and he sent me that
too and I really do want to play it it's
just it's on my list and then we got
caught up with blood-borne
which I have still been playing I'm
there to somebody somebody sent in Duke
Nukem Forever oh my god on on ps3 Jack
do you have any Jeff any interesting
Duke Nukem Forever no fair warning to
anybody listening if you're gonna if
you're gonna send us games if it's a
shooter and it's on a console don't Bob
I can't stand playing shooters on a
console I can't stand especially a
first-person shooter with a mouse is
just an excruciatingly ly horrible
experience I would I would describe
playing a first-person shooter where the
mouse is excruciating sure sure I
believe you so I kind of wanna play Duke
Nukem Forever but not not on the ps3 but
Jack I know you don't have that problem
so I'm probably gonna give that to you
okay well I mean give it to me that's
fine yeah I don't think I'm gonna play
it just because it's you know that one
has been done to death as far as like
infamously bad
I don't I don't know that you can I mean
the one that actually was released I
don't think that has anything to do with
the game that was delayed for ten years
you know I'm sure a different team
completely different ideas completely
different game than just the name was
marketable at that point haha sure oh
sure oh I saw that how did we meet
Gillian to be in feeding frenzy that's
how we bitches literally that's it she
was an actress I don't know where Mike
and J found her to be in feeding frenzy
I think she was in Chicago at the time
yeah and you know obviously she's
wonderful in every regard very good I
saw her like a bake commercial for the
Olympics like eight years ago the the
possibly interesting story the only
story I can add to this is that after
working with her and seeing her in
feeding frenzy I invited her up to do a
music video shoot that I was making
because I thought she was a fine actress
and finding good actors and actresses is
really tough especially in such a small
town we'd probably ask her to be in more
things but I believe she's living in LA
now she's yeah she's yeah indeed for
Texas someone know she's originally from
Texas
and so she invited her coming back home
to do a music video shoot and it was
during that music video shoot that Mike
shot both her and I for the Q&A; for the
Phantom Menace review he wanted to know
if he could take an hour out of my video
shoot to shoot that in a second I mean
you know it was a very low-key shoot
self so that's why that's where both
Gillian and I did our Q&A; sessions in
between a different video
come
oh oh oh you fucking fuck you fucking
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I'm
almost done with this boss I'm almost
ready to move on to a different boss
damn you doing great jack yeah I do have
the good eye I do I have access to the
greatest actor in all of Milwaukee his
name is rich Evans you're absolutely
right hold on leftover beefcake has
given me a hint
think pillar destruction have you been
gifted South Park the stick of truth via
Steam yet no I don't believe we have I
think did you cock gun was that a thing
that happened did I ask you to be in
cock gun yeah I might have I don't know
maybe you couldn't make it up that
weekend yeah yeah I mean I'm sure
something like that
did I or Reese what were you smart
enough to refuse cock gun I mean you
weren't smart enough to refuse poop
again but that was probably as a
situation where I wasn't up here yet oh
yeah you know what that could have been
that could have been their poop again
tea Ivan cock guns where I draw the line
and some suspects oh that's right I need
we need to find that someone was asking
us a while back about our love is in
love the song I wrote for feeding frenzy
oh yeah yeah we should do something fun
with that not just released the song we
should make like a music video or
something I agree
okay I'm almost done with this boss okay
I don't understand the pillar
destruction because he'll shoot the
pillars and they'll be destroyed on you
know pillars baloney they just crack and
crumble
so they're there for effect they could
just be there for effects I think
they're there like where you can hide
behind them early on but then they
crumble so you can't hide behind them
like a difficulty thing I do not know I
don't know any village
do I beat him what happened I don't know
something for watching I'm watching this
shit that delay jack yeah I know I know
you're right you're right you're right
something very strange just happened so
GBM
no I didn't beat him I must have
simultaneously died and hit the arrow
back to him so when I die to kind of
slow down and he turned into a skeleton
oh and so it's just very strange just a
very strange thing where it's like I
thought I beat him for a second but I do
oh but what got top golf gone GARP GARP
good let's go find another boss let's go
find another boss will come back to him
what's for the record I've always wanted
Jack to make cock gun to cock harder
hasn't happened I I want to make cock
gun too as well
I love cock gun cock gun I'm really I
might be too proud of cock gun for what
it is I really enjoy cock gun
the story behind cock gun for anyone who
hasn't seen got gun it's it's a cop
thing of where the cop has a gun where
his penis is and he humps to shoot it
incredibly great the the genesis of cock
gun started when a band contacted me to
do a music video and I wanted to do a
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers spin-off
where that we dress the band up like
Power Rangers but then instead of having
like the laser blasters that the Power
Rangers had they'd have like laser
pistols attached to their groins and
they just humped and shot lasers but it
would look exactly like the Power
Rangers intro like we're you know like
they turn to camera and you see their
name and it would be like a an
incredibly dumb homage to you know early
nineties stuff and to an early 90s kid
show except for with with with laser tax
with laser comics yeah
oh okay
Jack that sounds terrible yes it does
sound there well it sounds like
something I would really enjoy and the
band wasn't down with that the band was
not comfortable with that direction for
no they were like they were a pop punk
band and it made sense like with their
sound it would be very very like hyper
and very energetic but they just weren't
they weren't into it which is fine
Weezer would have been down with it
Weezer was down with it so and say and
in any case then I I was just thinking
of other ways to do with it and I really
like oh my god this is an area that I'm
in you know something easier to do it
would be like a cop show and I like cop
shows in general so in any case
whoa I found it I found it okay here we
go here we go who hears a boss one
mushroom yes oh I know you can see oh I
see that thing on your button mister oh
my god I ran into one of his like the
mushroom jumps and shoots out little
trippy trails and it gives me a drug
trip that's great okay that's great okay
pop punk no they shouldn't have turned
me down like it I I just think they
weren't okay you know cuz like it was a
fun idea but I don't know I don't know
what they weren't okay with about it but
I don't I don't know you know what it
probably was what their duty
their death it might have been their
dignity wait is this a different boss I
somehow got to a different boss that's
amazing I mean it kind of is
ah
laughs your mouth
yeah
oh I died something disclaim any of
excited I was I guess someone is someone
just said in the chat this game looks
dank and I'm gonna take that as a
compliment I good thing or a bad thing I
have no idea
what I will say is I'm enjoying this I'm
enjoying this game i oh I like the look
of it I like the I like the simple
mechanic thing where shit you know it's
it's the same game
oh pardon me that was a weird
burp the thing but I like it I'm liking
this
go ahead rich you go I'm just gonna say
if you'd played around with the chalice
dungeons much blood-borne yeah I'm up to
like the like third or fourth one I've
discovered my favorite enemy the chalice
dungeons yeah what's that I don't why
kind of spoiler ish I don't know if I
should say okay well then yeah then
don't do it
I don't know if I've gotten there yet so
they managed to turn like a you tube
screamer into a villain it's just this
creepy thing that screams and runs at
you very fast and demon and I think it's
kind of great Jack any tips for the
first boss on blood-borne yeah hit it
with your thing and dodge it when it
attacks you whatever weapon wish what
you you because you can't run into the
bosses out of order
what which boss are you talking about
you talking about that that large hairy
grey thing on the bridge or are you
talking about the first hunter Father
Garcia Alden yeah yeah
a big thing on the bridge try and stay
behind it
learn learn to time your dodges right so
you don't take much damage don't be
afraid to heal and when you get them
close to dying don't be afraid to just
start lobbing Molotov cocktails at home
because they do a fair amount of damage
on him now if your target about Father
Garcia excellent time to learn the B
parry system yes they were post and and
visceral attack yeah get good at that
repost and visceral attack but like for
any of the giant monsters really the
trick is get under their legs like get
under their legs and get behind them you
have to get really close to those guys
and a whale the fuck on them
Garrus Coney yeah man I'm not sure you
understand me I just know I bought us
hat after I beat him I love this happen
I don't think you can do that I don't
think you can love a dead man's hat
we're not putting that out there putting
that out is that what did that good man
was your father I can't love my father's
hand nope
my father gifted that hat today Jack huh
that means the world to me you're
telling me I can't love it nope little
fucker you tell me that no no some
asshole no shit no shit come on fuckin
up Bridge
I know to do yeah you you cannot like I
see some people saying that and I've
heard that we're in Dark Souls instead
of having the the the parry system they
had a shield system you know and in
blood-borne they almost make fun of you
by giving you the most useless shield in
the world they give you a wooden shield
and yeah you cannot be a show person you
have to learn that reposts and what's it
called representing here toner and parry
carry and and once you get that like
once you understand that counter and
parry system it's really good it doesn't
work all the time you want it to work
all the time but some enemies it just
you hit you it doesn't work and I it's
frustrating it might not work at all
their attacks I'm pretty sure most
enemies you can make it's some kind of
counter going and then waterful attacks
sure
so get that this game is a negative is
not the next review this is just a game
I'm playing a game I'm enjoying this
this game probably doesn't have enough
meat in general for a full review just
because I mean this is it you're seeing
the entire game there's no there's no
upgrades there's no story there's no
nothing so I love it
I love it but it's just it's just this
and there are apparently like 20 bosses
this was made out of a game jam afford
it make a game in 48 hours and they made
basically this game with four bosses and
they liked it so much that they turned
it into a whole game relatively cheap
relatively cheap not not them
it's it's 15 bucks and I got it on I got
it on me I knew I wanted to play it for
stream just because I figured it'd be a
nice game where once I understood the
mechanics I could kind of turn my brain
off and talk really easily which is not
a negative for the game you know that's
I guess it's might be negative for the
game book Sony PlayStation had a sale on
this game so instead of being $14.99 it
was like fourteen thirty five what story
and Shadow of the Colossus there was no
I mean I enjoyed you oh and rich hasn't
played out of the closet yet
so you can't talk too much about it but
I think I think I've read all the
important spoilers at this point a
chance
sure I I like the way they handle I mean
again my face you know I don't like
cutscenes or anything like that and
there there are some cutscenes in in
shadow the classes but overall like you
kind of understand the story from the
beginning
you know which is you need to fight the
the colossi to get your beloved back and
it's questionable on whether fighting
the colossi is a good thing or a bad
thing and I think they handled it very
well I think I think the every every
time you kill a colossi there's like a
very there's a there's a thing that
happens after after every colossi you
kill and it gets almost hard to kill the
colossi because of the
but anyway it's it's I like to challenge
classes this is very like shadow the guy
mean and only only in oh yeah it's
identical oh right hey I stopped myself
from completing that sentence I'm glad
you had the wherewithal yes I mean
obviously they are both two games in
which you only fight boss monsters but
very different in hey Jack not to be
rude or anything but can you play
something a little more exciting yeah
you know that's not rude to you that's
that's something you would like the
answer is no not to be rude but no this
is what I'm playing tonight I'm kind of
into it
Oh somebody's pink who me
hey I don't know who the reason I'm
walking back and forth when I get to the
boss every time you get to the zone
worried where the boss is you walk back
and forth is that your OCD acting up no
this is a um this area I'm in is like a
UH is a labyrinth and so for example if
I walk to the left here it's a oh no
it's actually where I started so then I
walk back to the right oh no now this is
a different area so I walked back to the
left and it's again a different area and
so I just figured out how to get to
where I'm going efficiently which is why
you see me walking left and right
because this is one of those like lost
forest areas where the the landscape
changes as you go from area to area so
so that's a that's a that's a good
question it's a fair question
oh my god I died even faster that time
Jack can you please play some more
blood-borne listen the answer is
absolutely yes you know I'm playing I'm
playing blood-borne right now you can't
see it but I'm actually I'm fighting a
watchdog of the old Lords and I hate him
there's so much there's so much that you
haven't got to yet who's watchdog of the
old Lords isn't one of the chalice
dungeon guys okay I'm sure I might have
faced and like I said I think I'm to the
fourth gravestone four channels does
she's that big fire dog oh yeah yeah you
know what he was kind of easy he was
kind of easy I don't I don't know quite
what to make of the chalice dungeons -
oh my god to be honest with you I am I
want to find those lost uncanny weapons
that's what I want to do I don't think
you can get those until new game+ no you
can get that I think you just need to
unlock though the richyallum diggity the
user dungeons not the the pre-made one
so okay okay maybe maybe
I don't I don't remember I also think I
might buy this game soundtrack I'm
really diggin I hope you guys can hear
this game because I'm really diggin the
soundtrack diggin it and it's not your
normal ship to and affair which is which
I'm grateful for because there's a lotta
I thought that was it oh I timed it
wrong time to rock
I'm onto squid monster
gotcha what
what oh my god I got her I didn't you
sure
nope by the way I didn't I got part one
apparently he's a two-parter oh my god
thank you rich it's very helpful very
helpful very helpful
I'm a Filipino Bruno says I don't know
jack I feel like this game hits every
branch of the look at this pensive indie
game tree I mean listen it's pixel art
pixel art is a thing there's nothing we
can do about that
it's pared-down mechanics I don't think
it hits its own thing I think it's it's
unique enough that it caught my
attention I cannot name another game
like this you know your only weapon is
you can shoot one arrow at a time that's
it and you have to fight and you only
fight bosses I cannot name another game
like that so I don't know like if you're
gonna if you're gonna hate on games that
are pixel art then you're gonna be
hating on a lot of games
and this you know this was made for a I
think if you grew up when pixel art was
your only option
you're more receptive to it oh you know
I might agree with you that I might go
ahead and agree with this to be pixel
art just means game it doesn't mean it
doesn't even really mean retro just
means okay
I know but like look how beautiful his
bosses
so I think it I think it bounces the
whole you know
I think it does the whole skill thing
which we just got done talking about for
blood-borne which is kind of mastering
the one set of skills I think your
problem Jeff is you like to stream do
games that you're not familiar with I do
that's I die and by the way I don't see
that as a problem and then people get
aggravated when you you know you can't
get past a spot you don't know how to
get past or a boss mehar be a jerk
that's why I stopped screaming new
things by the way I don't see that as a
problem I want at least a passing
familiarity right right and it's like to
me I've hopefully part of the fun I mean
obviously there's a great frustration to
me failing but hopefully there's part
there's there's a lot of fun in me
discovering the game at night in general
I enjoy from discovering games and so
you guys are just gonna have to deal
with that and I want to make sure that
we keep up with modern stuff
goodnight Elvis thank you thank you for
coming out and this is the kind of game
that I like a little hard
pixel art nice soundtrack and the right
amount of challenging the right amount
of challenging which is very I like my
games to be challenging and I know this
is this is available for PC I did I
picked it up I picked it up for
PlayStation only because it was
cross-buy which means I could pay once
and get it both for the ps4 and my Vita
and I could see me playing this on my
video so or else I would have absolutely
bought it for Steam yeah it's alright
and by the way it's it's alright if it's
not your thing I ain't judging well I
suppose I am judging I just don't care
how about that that's that's my number
one rule I'll judge you but I don't care
that
stick to the edges as passing us take
the edges
I'm no good at using my
No
it's like half I know to get better at
using your yeah oh listen I know
and the other man just learned is if you
stay in that purple death cloud for too
long you die have we talked about
daredevil one just going back to dirt oh
no that's okay
yes by the way rich is actually playing
blood-borne in the background yeah
actually actually is and I do not blame
him at all yeah yeah I I do like I would
rather like I want to play blood-borne I
really do but but we've streamed it a
lot there's like been nothing but
blood-borne on the on the cut up
YouTube's lately and so it's just like
we can't stream blood-borne anymore or
else this will only be a blood-borne
stream dedicated to nothing but
blood-borne
so is that the worst thing that could
happen you know the answer's no oh I hit
you but
I did fill the air out after I shot it
I'm just not I didn't hit him okay I
oversaw Ritchie now that you've seen
daredevil yeah do you think I oversold
it yes yes okay well then everybody what
I don't like about it has nothing to do
with your over soul oh okay it's good
yeah that's all you need
I just I just wish Wilson Fisk were like
more of a ruthless villain and not not a
man who goes unpleasant dates and lots
to build buildings for a safer cleaner
New York sure but I mean you understand
that the Pleasant date stuff is like he
made it he needed to be that was a that
was his fucking introduction right he
needed to be like a character that is
fucking introduction right it's right
though it's a show about daredevil and
the challenge is daredevil faces I don't
know that you you want to introduce a
sympathetic villain well how about a
human villain like you you know cuz it
is everyone treats the kid a kingpin
like he's the most ruthless evil thing
to ever walk the face of the earth and
he's he's not that at all I can't take
it seriously when everyone else in the
show treats Wilson finish like this
monster that needs to be stopped at all
cause when he doesn't act that way at
all
that's what I'd always be mean you're so
very wrong
we won't we're not going to get into it
now because it will get into spoilers
maybe we'll just hit a certain point in
the night right where it's like okay the
rest of the night will be
but you isn't you haven't even finishing
you know
you haven't finished let's take the fact
that people have been treating this man
like a horrible threat he's not so far
that's not gonna change no matter what
happens in the next two episodes he
might become the horrible evil ruthless
prayer Qaeda flight right here everyone
is treating him that way everyone is
okay here's the thing guys it's
happening we're getting into daredevil
spoilers I don't know if there's
anything specific I really need to bring
up if it's a whole thing
I'm just saying like if you if it's
officially happening right now we will
type in the chat when we're done talking
about it but I'm going to bring up
specific examples of why the villain why
everyone fears the villain so much okay
and so this is this is just a thing
that's going to happen so for anyone who
has not yet seen daredevil and wants to
remain 100% spoiler free starting now I
will tie it'll take about five minutes
it'll be five minutes and then I'll type
in the little thing when when we're done
okay
Wilson Fisk is the head of a crime
organization yes as part as head of that
crime right wait wait is he yes
well or he's the organizer
he's like a businessman who's allied
with with mafia he's the organizing
factor behind a crime organization
behind the crime right he's the one
everyone everyone in the crime
organization treats him like the boss
what actual crimes did the kingpin
commit oku personally with with his own
men not what not with his his underlings
that have their own so he blew up
buildings okay which which sure was he
was targeting the ones with the Russians
oh the ones with the Russian criminals
who kidnap people and sell them into
slavery yeah those are the people that
King been killed well he's a horrible
criminal well he did by the way so so so
you're telling me he went around and
made sure that there were no civilians
anywhere near those buildings or was he
just the kind of fucker who didn't care
about killing random people to kill his
enemies people treat him like the
biggest monster that has ever existed
yes he hasn't done anything to earn that
rotate
besides killing people with his bare
hands besides killing horrible people no
no killing people with his bare hands
people killed the Russian slick sex
trade trade guy with his bare hands I
don't feel like that's great that's
right but we're supposed to live in a
world we're supposed to the point of
daredevil is it's like Batman rules
we're like you're supposed to be better
than the villains he is a villain
because he murders people and he's not
murdering them because they're bad guys
she's married daredevil almost murders
people almost the same and I know that
that's kind of a thing they're they're
doing and that's fine but then don't
pretend like there's evil no no and he's
not he's not murderers he is not
murdering people because they're bad
guys he's murdering people because
they're getting in the way of his
ambition yeah but I need to see him
horrible things before I feel like it's
a horrible threat and he is in charge of
an entire like drug operation that's
that's what drug operation does he in
charges the one that's lady gal that
she's in charge of know that he is
helping facilitate with he is bringing
her together with the Russians in the
drug trade no but he's the one who
what's that
see rich you can't bring up a point and
then knock me down when I try to counter
your point all right so she has the
drugs right yeah Wilson Fisk brought in
the Russians because they're the
distribution for the drugs so he made
her drugs more accessible in the area
which means that he has facilitated the
drug trade because she did not have the
distribution network that the Russians
had and they say that in the show right
there's still a drug trade before the
kingpin not as large he expanded the
drug trade was there still sex trade
slavery trafficking going on before the
kingpin we don't know all we know is
he's the guy in charge because because
our heroes treat it like like taking
down the kingpin we'll fix everything
and it most obviously won't because he's
really only
his only function is to be a businessman
these evil horrible things don't be
going on regardless of whether or not
there's a kingpin and only taking down
the kingpin is the most important thing
in the world yes and if only that were a
team of daredevil rich if only the theme
of daredevil was like nothing does
matter that's the subtext daredevil all
the heroes talked about in the second
half of the show yes how we have tickets
down this man this man no we can't do
anything it's too powerful he's too
powerful even though he's not powerful
and what's the other thing they keep
talking about in the show is like do it
kill it like getting rid of him won't do
anything evil still exists that is a
subtext of the entire show right then
why are heroes Bach huh because they
have to do something and that's the
whole thing about being a hero rich is
you have to do something this is the
whole you're missing out on the entire
subtext of what it takes to be a hero
right like you're you're missing out on
everything that makes Wilson Fisk a
great villain which is that he is a
human the the fact that the only time we
see him in those first episodes he's on
a date that's brilliant
right like a superhero show check no if
you wanted to superhero show you can
watch The Avengers like this is supposed
to be the street level this is realistic
this is a man fighting a person in the
mob who's just a regular guy he's not a
supervillain he's just a kingpin he's
just a mob boss this is exactly what we
want we want the villain to be a real
person or at least you should right
he's just a real person we understand
his character completely and I agree
with you by the way that like his whole
like his whole like wanting to save the
city thing his lame I think that's a
lame thing but like but like we haven't
even gotten to the fact that like he the
king the kingpin owns all the police
right and the police kill anyone who
bring up his name right
so so that's a good thing that he had
you that he's controlling the police and
the police are killing people who
mention his name criminals you've
mentioned his name again again it
doesn't matter they're killing anyone he
has the police under control he owns
congressman this one man has absolute
power and you're saying that's okay with
you is this what like I'm saying what
he's done and what he wants to do isn't
that terrible
I don't I don't I don't know why our
good guys are freaking out about him
like they do because he is trying to
take over the city he's trying to take
over Hell's Kitchen and he's a murderer
he's trying to take over Hell's Kitchen
and he's a murderer and drug trafficker
and human trafficker what makes the
kingpins special what do you mean what
makes him special why is he such an
avian bird threat because he's the one
in charge
cuz it would just be the next guy if he
weren't around sure and then that's for
the net that's the next fight rich like
but he's the one in charge now what what
you're saying is they shouldn't do
anything because they'll always be
another bad guy and then we wouldn't
have any superhero show right I think
you're being dumb
I don't know I yes sorry I stopped
playing we got into a real nerd topic
here we got into an actual nerd debate
and I you know that's it's gonna happen
so back to 9/11 I guess is that moral is
the more of the story like the thing
that makes Daredevils such a special
show to me is like in one of the first
scenes we see the king no I spoke well
no one more spoiler one of the first
scenes we see the kingpin in he he
murders a man with his bare hands in a
car door that's great he's a violent
psychopath the next two episodes he is
on a lovely date with a seemingly
actually lovely dates yeah I'm looking
at a painting a lovely lovely date he
kills the man because he interrupts the
lovely go that's right you're absolutely
right it's like Oh first of all JP
versus the world thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated and
so like it's that it's that
juxtaposition and like the way that
D'Onofrio handles him as a character and
I know you don't like his tanks and
whatnot but but I think the way I think
the way that like he is so unsettling as
a character and you know I mean like we
know he's the bad guy because we've all
seen superhero stuff so he's supposed to
get a bad guy
and so then like just the way he carries
himself is so unnerving and then he's on
this lovely date you know he has this
like air of power about him and
everything that handles so well okay and
now we'll be done with or unless there's
anything else you want to get into rich
I'm just just just the summarize my
major problem with it is that everyone
else treats it like it's important
ladies especially because he's trying to
take over the city they all live in
write by making it nice know by getting
rid of everyone that's in it he talks
wilson fisk says very early on that he
wants to cleanse this
you know like it needs to be like the
Phoenix through the ashes of the city so
he wants to destroy the city in order to
rebuild it in in you know to be nice
again right
all of those poor people he's been
forcing out of their homes that came
later
he's offered them all very nice deals
later he starts by blowing up buildings
those are the Russian buildings that
innocent civilians could be around that
in fact like people a ton of people got
hurt because he blew up those buildings
they were a nostril yeah sure yeah and
you're just you're so long we're gonna
be done with spoilers you you're wrong
with your opinions rich which obviously
everyone knows opinions are wrong
sometimes for how important that Karen
page and funny Nelson and Matt Murdock
is that I think it is to take to take
him down how important that is to them I
think the kingpin needs to be more evil
for that to work for me what what
doesn't work specifically is is how
serious it is for our heroes to want to
take this man down there's no there's
nothing more the most the most difficult
and the most important thing they could
ever do is taking around the kingpin and
but and besides citing specific example
you know you know
like I said many disagreements are had
between you and I have I guess this is
one fine
that's gonna be fine Chad is complaining
about spoilers we've said we're gonna
talk about spoilers right that that
hasn't been liftin hasn't yeah I just
lifted it you just look okay and I don't
yeah kingpin is acting like Lex Luthor
in the Superman cartoons you know right
right
what nothing it doesn't matter it does
yeah all that matters is we both agree
that it's a good show
oh yeah yeah right so we are both in
100% agreement about that fleshy patch
says the most evil thing that kingpin
does he doesn't suck anyone's dick
that's the real problem that's the real
problem
