Episode 110
Necrodancer - Half & a Hack (Part 2)
May 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfiC3nEx3tE
___________________________________________

got so far as a bitch
no not world breaking as in it broke the
rest of the world world breaking within
itself there are there are things that
don't you know like there's a lot of
logic leaps in Days of Future past and
it was too much for me where the whole
movies it's not making sense
oh did you go right into it next time
you die rich we should take a moment
stop and thank subscribers sure but yes
but uh before for example in the Days of
Future Passed movie Kitty Pryde is you
know sending Logan back in time and days
past past in the past but you know I've
were never quite sure how much time
passes in the future it seems it seems
strange so days pass in the past but in
the future seems like no time passes but
then he gets wounded in the past and it
affects his future self or he gets
wounded in the future there's there's a
lot of weird things it's been a while
since I've seen it I didn't much care
for it it's not a big deal
also believe the entire Quicksilver
segment I had no like it was kind of
pointless why was he in the movie other
than to have a cool Quicksilver sequence
we can't use them so we might as well
he has no bearing on the story he leaves
it's alright so I put I put Singers
x-men on par with the Bale Batman movies
which is I think there's one alright one
and that's about it
Dredd was a caliph like everyone should
go see dread dread was great solid
action movie they are doing things right
jack is always wrong can I have that
name absolutely I articulated my
feelings towards Days of Future past
in a previous stream and I don't have
the mental fortitude to remember every
single argument at the moment so go back
to that I tagged them in I in the
description of all the YouTube videos I
say what we talked about and I'm sure I
mentioned talking about Days of Future
past oh you're playing I'm feeling fine
that's fine
yep I'm sorry that I know exactly how to
piss you off but I just
besides the Dark Knight I don't much
care for the bail Batman movies III mean
Dark Knight Returns yeah Dark Knight is
great and it has nothing to do with
Batman and The Dark Knight Returns is a
sloppy sloppy mess and the it's been a
while since I've seen Batman Begins
but it's oh I can't really talk about it
but
oh that was dumb I don't watch the
streams in entirety again to put all the
shit in the description I just kind of
skipped to every like five ten minutes
and hear what we're talking about and
then kind of remember so I'm probably
missed some stuff that we talked about
but I just try to get it all and then I
can I can tree watch every stream for
that we just take too long I just escape
every 5-10 minutes listen to what we're
talking about write it down and skip to
the next 5-10 minutes oh yes I'm very
excited about ex machina
did you see the trip yeah let's go reap
yeah and fun creepy and fun I'm excited
to see that reminds me of that one tech
demo that Quantic Dream's you remember
that where they they they built the
robot and then you just just watch just
look for Quantic Dream's tech demo it's
a lovely piece of art it's a lovely
piece of art great
yeah I don't have anything that great I
got the holster I really like the
holster what can you get besides the
holster I'm thinking about using that
that shrine that give me two extra
hearts and I just did it but every other
stat I have reverted back to oh sure
yeah and like the holster is nice with
some weapons but you know if you have
the weapon that you're good at it's
better not to switch I I gave up the
whole story in a titanium sword but I
got you know I use the dagger now but I
gained two extra hurts nothing's gonna
be found I already replaced the damn
torch
oh is this it hawkeye my life is a
weapon
Matt Fraction yeah this is it Hawkeye
vol 1 my life is a weapon Ewing I will
read that that look this looks good
really like the art style
I hate the cat-o'-nine-tails
it's a blood weapon but it's the
cat-o'-nine-tails yep yeah yep nothing's
right that's great everything I don't I
don't like the cat of nine tails I think
yeah ball volume one of my life is a
weapon the the Matt Fraction Hawkeye
series is $5 for the for the Kindle
which is quite a deal five bucks for a
trade I'll take that
I will take that
Hika Maxine
well I clicked away from this young Ned
it's okay when is when is the next best
of the worst
I there's what we did a we loved the
worst a while ago I have no idea where
that one is and that's all I know I
don't know I don't know much more there
could have been a turkey legs but I
don't know what's my why not I am NOT in
the mindset of necrodancer I I can't I
can't even be with you I don't remember
so much about this game
I have very as everyone in the chat
knows which i have very limited mental
capacity oh sure I've read non-action
comics I think we've talked about me
really liking Sandman mystery theatre
that's a really fun economy
definitely not an action comic I think
of anything else I like comic books in
general I like the medium of comic books
I favor superhero comics just because in
general I like the feeling of
empowerment but yeah I'm okay with not
action talents
yeah I'm not dead congratulations
congratulations
before I forgot my ps3 we were supposed
to be a Shadow of the Colossus sorry
it's all me it's all my fun I showed up
I started unpacking everything and I did
not hit three men for the ps3 part of
the story
sometimes I think I'm missing out with
comics the only comics I've actually
ever read is the Marvel Zombies one
there's some really good runs you know
comics comics are an investment though
it's just especially if you find a
series that you really love then it
turns into a thing because there's a new
one every month you got to pay every
month to read that new comic so it gets
tough fuck
hmm yeah I lost the potion but I have a
sheet of hearts you know yeah I have the
crown of thorns which is by far my
favorite item in this game so if I can
find a weapon that's got some power
behind it and if I can get my rhythm
back oh that's the rhythm is what's
gonna get you blaming Street not the
chat just activist treatment
no it's okay if you don't know anything
about comics you know you find find some
stories that you like if you like
superheroes read superhero comics if you
if you don't that there's everything
imaginable in comic form if you like
mysteries if you like horror there's
everything in comics go to it just spend
some time in your comic book shop and
talk to the nerds behind the counter
most of them will love to talk to you
about comics because that's what they do
and hopefully you can find a good comic
store just a store who's willing to chat
with you and be like I don't know what
I'm doing in comics help me and they
will they will
do I know comics zone I think that's a
game that yes yes nothing to do with
comics I want to say no was comic theme
it was just not based on any okay comic
I live in Seattle oh yeah you can I'm
sure you can find I'm sure you can find
a comic book store above another comic
book store in Seattle you're gonna be
fine you're gonna be fine so just go
tell them what you like tell them what
you like in movies and Seattle is a
larger city with a artists friendly
independent bookstore friendly
atmosphere so I can only imagine that
there are several comic stores Santos is
like very hipster gen-x friendly so nice
hearts I see that skipping the bag and
you don't with a bank no you got the bag
okay I'd rather I'd rather have a
holster if I could find one they seemed
to cancel each other out
sure oh that's right this Saturday is
Free Comic Book Day so you can go to
your local comic book store and just
grab a gaggle of free comics support of
this industry
yeah beasts off of the clubs there's
still some good stuff there's still
plenty of good stuff go get the Watchmen
trade the Watchmen trade paperback is a
great read oh man that's the thing
that's uh the Watchmen trade is a great
book
every every time I've been reread the
rot or The Watchmen I have noticed
something I didn't notice before great
book
it is the densest comic book I have ever
seen great book
great great
wouldn't it be funny if you walked into
a comic store and the person working
there had no information about
superheroes right like that then you
need that's like the real the geek of
the geek comic-book store that doesn't
even carry superhero comics oh you want
to go to the other comic book store the
one downstairs they handle the
superheroes right pretend it shows world
of wonder ten shows worlds of what I
love it
no mr. Dewey d Free Comic Book Day is a
real thing I'm not just awaiting stories
of a Harlem fans being arrested for
shoplifting you can't just pick any
comic and it's free they have a specific
free comic book day free comics so
how do you have there appear but it's a
blazer so you know I guess it's fine
we also do have real-life superheroes
patrolling the streets that's true
that's not true
we have real-life idiots wearing masks
Troy not evil it's just does no good
wearing a mask and being a superhero in
reality that's kind of the fun part of
comic books and movies is it's not
reality we get to suspend our disbelief
but in real life just walk around
normally like you don't need to wear the
masks and pads just walk around normally
and be a presence in your neighborhood
you don't need to wear masks you dummy
you dummy
overzealous cosplayers exactly oh I'm
not gonna repeat that what you can't
just say that Jack no yes
rich has been playing this for two hours
if the speedrun clock is at 15 minutes
yes because I've died twice yes
you ever play rap money over stuff I'm
not doing good enough it's night me fuck
around with it but how does it break oh
oh yeah no I could never do that then
this dream has been on for an hour
this dream has almost been on for two
hours I want to say longer Ryan no I'm
just whoa we started at 8:30 but then we
had to stop the stream again because
we're having audio issues and we're
still having audio issues but everyone
in the chat is deciding to ignore them
quietly if you're just joining us jack
has a garbling echo and we don't know
what the problem is and so we're all
just that you can hear right because you
can hear it we're all just choosing to
ignore it I just want to let you know oh
yes yesterday a rich for movie dicks
they played the Affleck daredevil yeah
11 o'clock with those bedtime I'm sure
they love blood hearing oh man I will
see it one I'm very sure you missed out
I had some more stuff to do and then I
have to go to bed but Affleck daredevil
oh my god is it bad yeah that bad it was
constantly baby's first editing job
especially when it came to like music
editing every single scene had its own
unique new metal grunge rock song and it
was I called baby's first editing job
because like you know you see Jennifer
Gardner and let's get it on plays you
know the most obvious musical cue to a
pretty lady walks into the room and it
was like that for every single scene
like we see Colin Farrell in his first
scene and the song is like about is a
song about being Irish in a badass I'm
not joking what was the jump around guys
so get up your feet and jump around jump
jump double round
they were like Irish rappers and they
made an Irish rap song about being Irish
in a badass during the bullseye scene
III cannot tell you how much I'm just
saying it was it was far worse than I
ever could have remembered and I really
enjoyed it I really enjoyed seeing it
because it was so juvenile it was so bad
House of Pain thank you House of Pain it
was it was terrible and and I kind of
loved it what is my least favorite comic
book film right a lot of bad ones I'm
just trying to think like which it I'm
gonna go with most dissapointing are you
gonna count like crappy made-for-tv
movie like studio release feature films
you know play it in a movie theater it's
a lot I haven't seen like I never
bothered seeing any of the fantastic but
I wasn't my least favorite superhero
film is the amazing spider-man
now it's bad well a lot of crap look
here here's why I'm going with that for
pure disappointment level because oh
that that movie is set up itself in an
interesting manner it's set up itself as
a it did get it it's set up itself as a
mystery right if you remember in the
amazing spider-man
it starts with Peter Parker's parents
mysteriously disappearing and then he's
in Uncle Ben and Aunt May's house and he
finds like an old notebook with them and
so I thought that they were gonna take
kind of a new direction and it wasn't
just gonna be about fighting crime and
it was going to be Peter Parker
attempting to solve a mystery while
becoming spider-man and like a little
detective II thing right that's what
they set up in the movie and I was like
oh what a fun take on spider-man you
know like trying to figure out the past
he's a smart kid so maybe he can figure
it out and also while like using his
spider powers what a what a neat thing
and then they completely forgot about
the mystery of his dead parents or
missing parents or whatever yeah so it
was it was it got me interested which is
why I got more disappointed I had no
interest in seeing the movie because I
had heard bad things about it I was like
oh you know I like spider-man I'll go
see it but it hooks me a little bit it
hooks me enough to disappoint me
I only remember that movie because I'm a
big spider-man fan I love spider-man
love it
he's my jam and and they've really they
really asked him up they have to my bad
and not only that but they they had a
decent setup where the there there could
have been a good movie in there there
could have been a good and interesting
take on spider-man they didn't do
nothing with it Oh Jane wants to kill me
again
you know like like there are worse
movies like any of the fantastic four
movies are our worse are bad movies the
is which is the worst well that was the
most of that I think what I'm saying is
that's why it's the worst to me like
technically speaking you know Corman's
Fantastic Four is it is a worse movie
technically speaking the the Dolph
Lundgren Punisher movie right is pretty
bad but or daredevil god that was
god-awful that was embarrassing the day
Ben Affleck daredevil movie was
embarrassing but you know disappointing
to me that's one away
that sort of Garland
take care
Jack your first mistake was holding out
any hope and Sony not fucking up a
Marvel movie you know no no I knew I
knew it was bad and I had heard nothing
about nothing but it was bad that's all
I'd heard and right you heard right
buzz the pan despite all I had heard the
movie got me into it I was ready to be
into sponge the amazing spider-man but I
was ready I was ready just felt like I'd
heard bad things I had heard some like
middling reviews but you know I'm a
spider-man guy and then the movie hooked
me it's like hey check out this neat
detective story this this like personal
story and we're gonna interweave
superhero and punching and all that fun
stuff nope that took it all away the
first cut is the deepest you know I just
had to I wake up very early rich yeah
I'm sorry I I will see it one of these
days but it's not today
i I do have a little hope for Fox's
Deadpool movie and that might be wrong
with me to have any hope at all for
anything anymore
now those hearts don't stack I can't
have like extra hearts you're right
I would assume dude find out you have
$50 and just Morgan I can't see I don't
know
Deadpool might be bad I'm not I'm not
I'm not saying I'm excited everything
I've seen everything I've seen looks
good I'm not saying like I don't want to
say I'm excited for Deadpool but
everything I've seen looks good and
there is some they have they had a
vision before it's not just marketing
because Fox didn't necessarily want to
make movie what the fuck made me small
and we oh my god I hate so far oh my God
look at you what happened
did you figure it out what no did you
die okay nope
oh they're saying green tiles
oh you can't stand on this haven't you
you turn small if you stand on the green
tiles yeah like a curse
and rubber band
god
ab-absolutely la casa longer down we
can't like Deadpool or ant-man we're
speculating on absolutely nothing at
least with ant-man we have a legitimate
trailer Edgar Wright is also still
credited as a writer for ant-man
so maybe there's still some good stuff
left in there
but you know no we obviously we have to
wait and see the movies before we can
make any real judgement but we can use
our past experiences to help guide us as
we've mentioned so many times what
happened if you die did you die okay
do it fuck I'm just taking the exit I'll
be happy if I get to the necrodancer I'm
not gonna survive Marvel canning is
Brian so now says Marvel Kenny Edgar
Wright is the stupidest thing and as an
Edgar Wright fan I agree with you but
Marvel's been killing it lately they
they kind of know what they're doing at
the time at the moment that could that
could crumble any any day now
Ultron comes out tomorrow all right
tomorrow night at midnight it could
crumble tomorrow night
Marvel's ability to know what they're
doing but they've been killing it so why
not it works oh no no I got glass
everything away
oh yes M Filippo Bruno we did get your
shadow of the colossus and i kotas
that's what rich was supposed to be
playing tonight but he forgot is ps3
controller thank you so much for sending
that we definitely I want to play ICO
and rich should play shadow of the
classes so
Oh Ultron's been out for a week in
Europe already okay well you know then
we'll see and we'll see we will see
it'll be it'll be it'll be weird cuz you
know like the first Avengers movies
you're just kind of judging it against
the other Marvel movies but now we have
another Avengers movie to judge it again
so it'll be interesting mr. schat's Mel
says you can use a ps4 controller on the
ps3 but I'm also assuming that rich did
not bring ps4 no the studio we have we
have our our game consoles at home
because that's where we do the majority
of our playing and we bring them in for
streaming or or filming stuff
I'm probably not gonna play dota2
there's just too much we will announce
subs right after rich dies which I can
only assume will be soon but we'll see
Wow
shut up jack shut shut up shut up at
your face okay
my face shut up
well why do the reason I don't remember
he probably needs to hit the gong if I'm
just hitting the going wasn't doing
anything oh that's gotta be it he's
gotta hit the gone yeah that's what I'm
saying
oh yeah yeah okay let's do the next
round today get a breather I'll play my
rubber band I'm playing a rubber band
I've had a rubber band in my hands why
why because advert when we first started
streaming I was trying to do what you
did last time and play blood-borne in
the background but but then I couldn't
greet chat and play blood-borne at the
same time and the Phillipa Bruno the
real Queen Clem Fandango frosty snow
double zero Z I know it's frosty snooze
but we spelled it with two zeros so
actually I guess it's fr0 stiffen zero
zeros really oh I pronounce it correctly
but still frosty snooze brings brings
knives to gun fights
mister shy smile my turds are green in
gallon flutes or bane vermin open vermin
gobbledygook
doctor so nays SEP slow Don Gottlieb
mixer mixer danger peanut red
leader 91 end jackers always wrong thank
you for subscribing really appreciate
even though you see you've spent some
money to to make sure everyone knows I'm
always wrong which is true we really do
for now I guess we go through this again
the chat I'd say what you could take a
vote and you know what saved row thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
we can take a vote I'll actually follow
the winner this time normally doesn't
Norman notes but I can I can either keep
plugging away at necrodancer or or we
can go for some mu 2 what is mu 2 mu 2
is mu 2 yeah
it's mo to do into Shu I don't - Shane
mu 2 mu 2 mu Cheng or more necrodancer
right the consensus seems to be at least
at the very least new game
Putin has a necromancer mu 2 mu du y a
lot of MU - I can't wait to see what mu
2 is you know artists who hate it
it's mu - but you hate it
oh ok you couldn't even wrap your head
around that describes a lot of things
right right all right we are we're
actually taking an actual break as any
dude I need to freshen up I need to
freshen up you're trying to play oh I
get bored in the background something's
gonna I couldn't I couldn't I couldn't
both play and read the chat at the same
time there's just no way
mu 2 is slower pace so I can I can I can
I can talk more you actually probably
could I would feel bad didn't come
ditching the chat I think I figured out
I think I remembered what mood well we
won't do you want to keep talking to the
channel coming up now update I'm gonna
refill my drink here and I'll be back ok
alright we'll be back
