Episode 111
Master of Orion 2 - Half & a Hack
May 21, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65ipvkOIe4k
___________________________________________

I can see your desktop we have all right
yeah no I know I didn't attend that but
it happened but so hey dog no it's not
like there's anything embarrassing there
anyway just see my same wallpaper I fat
butts but tell us crow share awesome so
how far in the blood-borne am I i I'm
just I'm what monster am I defeating now
I never remember the month their names
I've become obsessed with doing a I'm
not going to try and do it no definitely
insane but I'm trying to do a loss or so
if you die you have to pick up after
after we get those echoes yeah has gone
home that's not gone well new neighbor
what boss Amell I'm just looking up all
the bosses right now so i can tell you
which boss I'm he's a cool boss and I've
come really close to beating them a
couple times I just haven't but but then
we shot the episodes and so it's like I
had to do that so I'm in edit mode right
now so I haven't had a lot of
blood-borne times we do a medium-sized
galaxy on hard where to go up organic
rich and that's already total players
tactical combat is on as our rentals
right in the interns that it is great
that is great we're making a custom race
what picture do we want the one that's
blue blue ones blue blue I don't know
I'm not even watching kind of like yeah
chat which wish which race do you want
which which picture
hey I could go with humans and just
title in humans that's have I told you
that's that's my favorite science
fiction troppo when aliens called humans
yeah human they say everything else
perfect English oh yes oh yes i have
another spot spot of tea old japen oh so
you're a you mom haha right I go with my
clones fuckin neck Lars the word word
work completely redoing all the stats
fuck all that I like that I like the two
production question is do i get rid of
do i die cut off your place you're
repulsive you yeah really obviously put
that does put a big target on your with
the race the up sizes you get more work
points to spend on other things sears
you like I figured what it is 10 total
points to spend and there's all these
different stats like you can do plus 22
industry production or plus 22 research
and you only have 10 to use but if you
take repulsive because that's that's a
negative thing like you can't do any
diplomacy when you're a repulsive race
and other races are more likely to
attack you but you get you get six extra
points to spend elsewhere okay that
sounds good yeah I don't know I don't
know if it is that's so good but it
sounds good okay no repulsive fuck it
forget it'll be the death of April fuck
it
I honestly could you need industry I
like some beers to population growth I
think farming is underrated do I take
firms excuse your you might as well be
saying gibberish Jimmy take it to the
chat to the chats got to know what I'm
what I'm what I'm not a blood-borne what
I'm what I'm doing aren't you two like
blood or name of the boss that I'm on
right now to give people an idea of
where I am okay okay oh I think I'm
close to the end where where am I yeah
earth I'm are on earth sure yes sure
farming's a pain in the ass it really is
pain in the ass but fuckin no you're not
doing it way to go what are the
unification government okay yeah this is
the one right now I am facing the one
reborn which is a pretty tough boss and
more so it's it's a very you know the
other bosses in the game you can kind of
run to them quickly let you know if you
died a boss in blood-borne you kind of
find that quick path to get to that line
oh wait wait a unification fuck it I'm
doing it we're doing a kind of a cherry
so kind of a chibi cheap and easy uh
fuck it but fuck it for the one reborn
it's actually a long path to him and I
can't find the shortcut wait wait what
do I our race we could name it anything
can we name a whole race after one
person in the chat or should we come up
with something else okay call the race
Montgomery calling the blame call them
the blind of furries the bomb behind
furries hi then no okay they could be
the crocodile brains I like that
who the biscuits and then the basically
I know the people of biscuit these are
all possibilities
keyboard work right keyboard why is
keyboard not doing keys right all right
I can't fit in brain squares crocodile
brain singular singular imma go green
check it out do it green it up name of
our star system this one we can named
after a purser e pick a name Jack
somebody in the shed directly after you
said pick a name I thought that was
literally it's the first person to say
something after you said picking it okay
this keyboard is not working proven out
on batteries it's possible ready if the
keyboard like was if something was like
laying on the keyboard weird maybe pizza
trading 11 so what do we got to work
with her we got a gas giant that's now
oh god the planets in our solar system
or crap i neva nothing about bother to
look nice
listen the planets are just there it's
what you make of them rich what you make
of them you get me I mean am i right I'm
right yeah what if what that thing you
said yes yes that thing you said
whatever was yes yeah sure sure it's
fine I mean am I right or am i right
it's it's just I'm somebody or something
you're sucking I'll be something
we've invented freighters freighters
amongst and we've invented a nuclear
Drive which makes your shoes yes I like
space I like it when my space ships go
in space and apparently we've developed
all of this before we invented the
computer has a restaurant so we're some
kind of geniuses we're special we're
special is all I'll take it
we have invented the extended fuel tanks
nuclear missiles not just the bombs now
we have now we have the missile carry
the bomb by the way that's a nuclear
missile heart of the bomb gets hard to
carry that is that is and standard fuel
cells oh and titanium armor that's the
good stuff you don't give a shit about
any of this I find that amusing well
it's you know it's a game like did you
terribly get into and I don't really
understand so I just can't tell you if
any of these things are good bad or
otherwise so a lot a lot of pollution oh
I know that that's bad a lot of
pollution yes solution is all it would
be bad unless unless you're you're
tolerant always and you just don't give
a shit tolerant yes they can all your
toxic environments they don't then just
it did it's nothing that's nothing to
them sure nothing maybe that's your food
Jack we we have now invented a ship yes
going and did it we're going we're going
to explore the galaxy our monster race
is going to explore the killer soon
great we found planets oh poor poor and
two gas giants either the e okay let's
let's take this as the Senators
elsewhere good yeah it's good BF out of
here yeah oh definitely huh I could talk
about anything you want oh yeah I don't
know if I have anything to like add to
the to the conversation here I don't
know if much has happened since Sunday
the planets around us are just garbage
the fucking garbage
I think what was the big news like you
know you know we talked about a little
bit the other day that valve backs down
from their paid mod with Bethesda deal
which is kind of a big deal I mean I I'm
still kind of on the side I did to me it
just seemed like a big hissy fit from
people who like these things were always
free and now they're not free anymore
even though they were still free you
know they just didn't have to be free
there's some arguments about whether or
not it would hurt and pewter gaming in
the long run sure I guess I saw the good
and the bad in it than you are wise man
to see such things good bad otherwise
you are that I'm wearing those shoes in
the gamer no I think that's nice because
i'm not there i'm really sucks well i
was i was working on some paper mache
stuff and i got like like paper mache
paste all over my shoes so I watch my
shoes and my shoes were wet like I'll
take my shoes off the stream and I'm
sitting here I'm got enough shoes and
I'm you know I'm the only one here right
now how to play t take the pants off I'm
I'm contemplating taking my pants off
jack I will be wearing shorts but
imagine how comfortable i would be i
cannot imagine it's like my shoes are
off jack I'm halfway there I would never
have to imagine you without pants on I'm
not asking you to imagine it god no
sicko do you think I am
this is all I'm saying it's a little
weird you asking me to imagine you with
no pants on that's that's not like it's
one hundred percent with you I think
you're completely miss miss representing
like Jack I'd like to talk about me with
no pants that's all I heard is Jack I'd
like to talk about me with no pants and
like that's fine if that's your thing
rich I just don't want to be into it you
know I don't bring me into your thing
it's purely a comfort issue sure purely
a comfort issue sure I mean I guess it
would not affect you at all I don't know
why you care so damn man I'd like I be
in there later yeah when your pants when
I have pants on hey I just be in there
thinking about you being in there with
no pants on that's where we're getting
weird that why would you believe I would
just be in the back of my head and be
like at one why why wouldn't you just
forgettable about it or more likely than
not I would forget all about it but in
in the i would i would have a shameless
in this in the scenario in my head it's
like I'm just in there and all of a
sudden I realized that at one point of
time rich has been in here with no pants
on and he was so comfortable I'm you
know maybe maybe maybe you would think
to yourself you know if I'm ever alone
hear something I don't maybe I'll take
my just don't know if I could do that I
don't know if I'm the kind of person
that could do that
you know earlier I didn't think I could
take my shoes off but you know what I've
been in this field against I've been in
the studio without my shoes on before I
took that step it's just one more step
to not having pants dad give me another
name uh getting data have a new colony
is the first name I saw after you saying
give me a name you're now your name is
not letting that you're collecting debt
we gotta collect that should change your
name collecting Madison right we've
gotta collect that oh we gotta collect
that yeah all right now I can explore
that area now I need to find some good
planets reproduction race surrounded by
larger planets we need rich or normal
here's some abundant that's that's
that's the normal okay we can we can we
can build our empire that way got some
rich planets for the Prussian race
though that would have been great
everything's poor we don't want poor
yeah I can see that you can't know I can
totally see that all the time one
hundred percent that don't de Lyon you
don't don't lie it's flying to people is
fun just don't lie to me ever you know a
liar there's nothing I can do about that
I'm Henry Rollins up in here yeah that's
a good joke nope okay sure about that
okay that isn't all actuality probably
not a good joke just putting that out
there
I'm gonna do it act reject build this
shit out of it's gonna be awesome let's
just new in your life Jack you know just
not a terrible much I got just editing
my god I got nothing yeah shovel Knight
the episode's coming along I feel like I
feel like just for us we spent a lot of
time going through what the game is and
not a lot of time kind of picking apart
how we feel about the game and of course
there's not a lot of game to begin with
so that's kind of okay but I would have
liked a little bit more from us but
that's fine it'll be it'll be fine it's
going to be a shorter episode and our
the meat of it is is not actually a
review of the game so don't sleep in
some spies yeah yeah that sounds like a
smart idea
I
there's nothing right you know it really
is not my kind of thing really you're
saying so I missed it now they're saying
they were happy that they helped shovel
Knight get Kickstarter but they don't
enjoy the game I and I i if you kick
started that game you knew exactly what
kind of game it was going to be how
where did it disappoint like it's it is
exactly the game it what else would you
expect because it very much feels like a
and right nes game well that's the thing
it's exactly the game it's set out to
become so what what else is there I my
file shoes sure hi sure I farms meant to
there's all these things but I don't
think those could exist in shovel knight
no I think I think I need to work
towards pollution or control when you
agree with ya in the game I don't know
the more you know unless you pass you
battle what
um fools Vern fools Vern I don't know
since felt funny okay
Jack we can play this game for hours all
right yeah you keep doing that you keep
doing that then I think it's great no I
I think it's great that you could play
the game for hours you know nothing
playing for hours God now but you go
ahead play it do it to it
Jack rich will you ever stream some more
nes games on your nes absolutely I don't
remember which that was on our end yet
that was delicious Treasury bond and all
the games that we bought for that NES
don't tell him don't tell her ah yes we
should do some more classic games it's
been a while since we've done a some
classic game the streams and I like them
hmm fucking Draconis fuckers those
fuckers yeah dude honestly aren't they
fuckers honestly I'm thinking about
going a bit more I have one exactly one
more glass of wine in me and then and
then I might okay because we don't have
much talk about we don't have much talk
about because the new episode is coming
obviously after this weekend we'll have
some stuff to talk about because of age
of Ultron we're probably going to see
and other stuff we're going to do and in
general I think we have more to talk
about on sunday because there's a longer
stretch
yes
yes I was trying once again I was trying
to play blood-borne while doing it and I
just can't uh-huh I find myself you know
like even even just kind of like half
checking the Chad and talking with you
I'm not i am not fully immersed in
blood-borne so I'm not doing well and I
know I'm not doing well see you you've
got the blood book you've got the
bloodlust going on with them what you're
telling me i don't have you would have
like if I'm playing it I don't want no
you don't you don't have to play but but
you have to play oh yeah like I cannot I
cannot just half acidly go through
blood-borne like I probably if I wanted
to now I could probably like go farm for
some blood vials or whatnot because I
don't have very many ah but I don't feel
like doing that cuz I haven't I think I
have enough to beat the boss so right
right I'm going to decide share with
some nuclear missiles that's all I'm
going to do okay there we go Horatio
asks a question I can answer Jack how do
you think children's media nowadays
compares to your childhood cartoons and
how has it changed in why I can be an
expert on this field as I have seen many
child children cartoons as I have
children I think a lot of it is better a
lot of it is is is so much better than
what we had both in the range of
educational television and just general
television I think it's great I think
there's so much good out there but they
don't know that i am in series but you
know as well as well what I'm saying
which we still have batman the animated
series we can still watch that but the
new stuff we have is good as well i
think i'm just likes a phineas and ferb
and adventure time which is a little
older skewing but Phineas and Ferb is a
great example of a wonderful kids
cartoon that I think
not only kids but adults as well I can
enjoy ah plenty you that's why it might
this is why you might be reluctant to
play as repulsive what war is on I'm
just I'm just not ready for just but
hopefully rich you're good enough you
gotta get good always do I always got to
get good so so the good regular TV shows
we got your phineas and Ferb's we got
your adventure times you got your new
teenage mutant turtles nickelodeon
series which i think is very good and
there's a bunch of like odd cartoon
network stuff that i enjoy i don't
necessarily remember the names of
everything the boys have been really
into a show called uncle grandpa
recently which i don't much care for
uncle grandpa it's like a it is that is
that some like it sounds like it sounds
like a like a pedophiles broadcasting
his own TV show it's that's all kind of
one who watch the uncle grandpa very
strange but it feels fun it feels fake
it's one of those red channel 3 and
other receptions it relies heavily on
random humor I'm then just ask / I
rhetoric and there's nothing I can add
to it nothing I can add to creepy uncle
grandpa there's nothing you could notice
nothing you could possibly add to that
but uh if everybody's know the chips
that's what we're doing now as we're
done now ah like it was just uncle
grandpa is random for the sake of random
in his knots like adventure time it has
random comedic moments but it feels it
all feels purposeful whereas uncle
grandpa just feels
randomness like we we need a Westley
random thing to happen here and just
make that happen you know but there's
also a good educational stuff we've been
watching some odd squad recently which
is basically like it's basically the
kids version of police squad but
educational yeah where it's like kid
detectives that being investigating
paranormal stuff it's fun it's fun and
it's cute wait to the game Danny design
my ships I told I went for a nuclear
missile build and suddenly I'm shooting
lasers that should not happen throwing
button God God mmm
hi what Lisa Lisa overheard me talking
about black curve and she she poked her
head in here and nodded that she also
enjoys Phineas and Ferb you know nice to
enjoy something it's a it's one of those
things where even what even with TV time
you know is I think it's important to
spend time with your children and
understand what they're watching you so
I do try to watch things with them not
all the time but I try to watch things
with them and in Phineas and Ferb is one
that you can which is always nice trying
to think of like some of the bad shows
that they watch sometimes where they
just get so into it and I day like there
was a LITTLEST PET SHOP show with tiny
animals and whatnot is just god-awful
but you know it had cute puppies in it
so they wanted to watch the cute puppy
show and it's like do we have to you
don't have to do I have to do anything
let's just read let's just read some
more let's look what do we do that let's
just read
why were these ship shooting lasers
earlier I built you two to not do that
damn it
yeah whatever whatever it's fine it's
fine Oh dick neutral you should see
Phineas and Ferb like on an animation
level on an art level it's not the most
impressive it's just a great show just
really solid writing really solid
writing we're gonna take back fools Vern
unless the game crashes the game crashed
you know just crash crash no i was
actually making a comeback i was getting
ready to know to kill them by death
ships i was building death ships on an
alarming rate and then again glad you
you're gonna win so it decided to end it
did you did you send a jack doesn't
matter stream anymore pulse never here
do you have like do you have like a
button installed and your house that
that that connects to the studio and it
like maybe later first like a puter you
never and when i when i was running
ethernet cable i I i added a kill switch
I think that's what happened well you
you want to end I don't want to stream
alone and my game collection i think
that's filling us we need then I think
that's I think it was really great to
play crypt of the necrodancer though so
that's good so everything's good also I
don't know if anyone has seen I tweeted
about it earlier this morning I have
been unable to export our twitch
highlights to youtube for the past
several days we we have had no youtube
video for the past several days which
means nothing to some of you are most of
you but there there are those people who
only watch our videos on YouTube because
they can't twitch
I hadn't even noticed I haven't checked
three four days we've had no uploads and
i'm unable to export from twitch I've
contacted their support several times
and tweeted at them apparently they're
working on it or they're not I don't
know and currently we are caught up on
not great ever announcements so well
then thank you all for coming out all
right and also it's she have a have a
what you should have you should have a
what
