Episode 113
Rich grabs the Shadow of the Colossus (Part 2)
May 27, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9bv3ALlP9s
___________________________________________

well that you're a how do I sound now
how do I sound
how do I sound how do I sound no that's
because I am what
do you bleed rich Superman dawn of
Justice it's great it's true it's that's
exactly what it is
how did Ben Affleck get into their Skype
call hate that who knows who knows
that's my goddamn horses congratulations
congratu congratulations listen rich
we'll figure out what the statue
crumbling is don't worry I believe I
believe in his lion brain well I was
we're streaming no you all you know is
there's benefactor chroma crumpled you
will figure it out don't worry
stop the stop all right stop stop chat
and he'll get it
game audio is zero we do things in life
game audio being zero great yeah
so then I'd rather have no game audio
than no jacquard that's yeah this is
just what's gonna happen apparently so
my to me apologies but we know these
things in blop blop blop blop
what can I do that sort that kind of
walk I don't know do the sword thing he
just picks the damn horse did you not do
it on the horse
no you know you were doing a sort of
well I don't he's not doing it was it
was it a different button why is he not
doing it no maybe other got no horse try
moving ours
I can't even do what I'm off the horse
do you need to have your sword out the
sword needs to be in your hand to use
the sword now you can do it on the horse
I remember doing it on the horse I
remember doing it on the horse
ah that's right whip your sword out rich
somewhere down he's figuring out all
right hey you're in and out oh and
apparently you can like quickly equip it
by pressing left or right on the d-pad
that's great that's great okay
everything's great that deep patio find
your horsey Oh yo I say yo a lot it's
because I'm super cool while rich is
riding his horse I will say crows ik
alejandra 'xs 42 a doctor talos fulsol
what full Sun a gram the full sonogram
Bruce from La Hellcat striker and
Questor fest thank you all for
subscribing we very much appreciated the
important questions with don't forget
about child-bride thank you for
subscribing I take it you got the
program on your and once again that's
thank you doctor thank you - leftover
beefcake this is exactly the program we
were looking for and you made it you
should find a way to offer this up to
all twitch streamers I think they will
they will want this and have a little
donate button tell us where we can give
it put a donate button because we love
this this is exactly what we were
looking for I will - I will tell all of
my one twitch streaming friends about
this hey twitch plays Pokemon left left
over beefcake made this thing
it's pretty great it's pretty just
compiles all the subscribers on the list
in a window it's the greatest you want
to know the awful thing I haven't yeah I
do I haven't played it yet because that
was a big fan of Mario Kart and I'll
talk about it that's just that's just a
thing that's not an awful thing you're
allowed not to play things well you know
I've been I've been playing blood-borne
I haven't got around to mark are yet I
will get to it
speaking of a donate button you can
totally add a paypal donate link to your
twitch page for those that want to give
you money and not go through twitch oh
we'll look into that there's a donate
button on the rlm site already so let's
go there give those guys money god they
need it
have you seen Jay lately he's wasting
away
does the horse refuse because not doing
that you're good
nope that's where I pizza train a game
kept me from Mario Kart that is the
first sign of the apocalypse and I've
just been really into blood-borne and I
think I'm getting near the end and I'm
pretty excited about that so yes this is
the HD version this is the ps3 HD remake
of shadow the classes that came bundled
with ICO so thank you someone someone
sent that to us and we really appreciate
it
look it up like I said I want to say
there's 12 but I don't exactly remember
how many colossi I'm googling in it
right now sigh how many colossi are
there that's what I just googled okay oh
thank you there are there are sixteen
where sixteen plus I and I just double
checked that on the team ICO wikia and
they confirm 16 hola sigh that's great
I came in a little late but is this game
mainly just boss battles with class I
it's only boss battles with colossi well
Titan Souls is like this
the only difference is this this has
really nice atmosphere in between boss
battles have you heard about the thing
that happened with I did I saw that I
saw people mention it during our stream
and I looked into it I don't
it's what here's here's what I'm gonna
say the way it appears to me is that
totalbiscuit was looking to start some
shit he said I'm not I'm not sure if a
game that's just boss rush is right and
then the Titan Souls guy had like did
you see what did you see who touched
those guys hissy fit did you see what he
tweeted toilet biscuit oh well that was
yeah I was printing out total biscuits
tweet and posting it to his refrigerator
that was it that was all he tweeted and
then people started jumping down his
throat that's it okay and then he
tweeted one tweet toilet biscuit I'm
okay that he doesn't like it or whatever
he said there it's just like and so they
at that point by the way well it sounds
to me like all saloon can't take all
total biscuit has to do at that point is
what not say anything right and then he
said he's not gonna do the game only he
made a big deal out of not reviewing the
game is I guess this is what I'm saying
he was looking to start some shit I mean
III need maybe I need to look into this
more the what from what I heard it
seemed like all total biscuit had said
as he said
yeah sure sure polite away eh that's not
starting shit that's not what I'm
talking about like it's like
totalbiscuit is absolutely in his right
to say that like oh this game like I'm
gonna play this game doesn't necessarily
look like my thing but I'll give it a
try right that's fine but then the dev
you know prints out that little thing or
whatever right and then a total like
totalbiscuit makes a huge deal out of
why he isn't not going to review that
game when he could have just he could
have just walked it off and no one and
the the game dev wouldn't have gotten
any publicity it just would have all
gone away so it seemed to me that
totalbiscuit making as big a deal out of
it as he did was him trying to incite
his fanbase that's what it seems like to
me I don't know much about this person I
don't know much about his fans I don't
know I'm sure he's big because I've
heard of his name before yeah it dad
that's just what it sounded like to me
but because because like the dev the dev
didn't seem to say anything that bad you
know so it doesn't matter and it really
doesn't matter then you know the game is
what the game is
but like did you hear his audio post on
it yeah listen to total biscuits audio
post on like the morality of him
choosing not to review the game and
you'll hear it total biscuit yes already
pretty big why would he need to start
with an okay well here's my hands my
personal theory okay I think he was
swinging his dick around
I think that was his way of proving his
bigness personal theory but if you
listen to his audio post he goes in
great lengths in details over the the
the morality of
the objectivity of reviewing this game
now that the developer has attacked him
he used the word attacked I want to say
and it just seemed a little a little
pompous yeah yeah but here's and this is
something I've said and it continues to
be true I know nothing about
totalbiscuit I've seen one of his videos
someone mentioned this when I did the
Titan soul stream so I looked into it
this is just how I perceive it I might
be wrong if this is just my opinion on a
thing it is video she seems yeah yeah
you know what he's a British man so we
can only assume he's classy MC Lucas I
have seen one totalbiscuit video and
this audio blog that this is literally
my entire knowledge of totalbiscuit he
did a video did he do banner saga is
that way you showed me to do first when
we did banner suck he does a lot of
things yeah yeah yeah yeah we watch one
of his what the fuck is videos and I
want to say this for Banner Saga and I
saw that and I saw the I've heard his
audio post and that is literally my
entire knowledge of totalbiscuit
so yeah I don't know what kind of person
he is this is like I said this is just
what it sounded like to me but the way
he was it almost seemed like he was
dramatizing what the developer had done
to him
and there was there was an insightful
not insightful a inciting where do I
want to use here I don't know that's
just how I read it
I could be wrong you guys know I'm wrong
a lot that happens oh okay yeah yeah I
see that
ice isolate mutate I think puts it the
best which is the dev was being a dick
and totalbiscuit overreacted I I think
maybe that's where we can all agree but
also like totalbiscuit you know said
something about a game the devs had some
backwards just like that was it there
didn't need to be anything else
John got Lee we are not going to talk
about age of Ultron for one you'll hear
what we think about it soon enough for
another yeah a lot of you know spoilers
so no snow no even no even talk yes meat
Packard it was just Twitter drama
I'm sure well it's that's the actually
the thing like that's where I took it to
be more than that is it was just Twitter
drama which you which would have been
washed away but then totalbiscuit took
it a little further and and you know set
a flame under his fans so I don't know
yeah he made the audio post to explain
to his audience why he wouldn't be
covering the game but he could have just
not covered the game wouldn't that have
been more hurtful to the tabligh I don't
know it doesn't matter whatever I know I
do I say that it I say it doesn't matter
and then I keep talking about it for ten
more minutes
that's just something I do get used to
it or don't it doesn't matter great
totalbiscuit is my cat that's right
that's right my cat biscuit totally yeah
do you get it I get it I get it it's
great everything's great
I think I think things I think things
and then I say the things I think and
then you guys asked me to explain more
other things I think so I do that no no
Murdock what trying to follow your chat
do-do-do-do-do-do-do Oh what would I
disagree with that Angus doesn't matter
to him I too fast
rich they're saying the sword I don't
know that's just what they're saying oh
you're great that's it that's all I want
okay how am I not dead I don't know what
happened I fell a long ass wait I'm
gonna watch your health meter to see if
there is fall damage just not dead the
power it's the power of love it's the
power of love rich Huey Lewis said at
the best live act organum ma'am spoilers
for this game smile for well and it
sounds depressing do you know like how
much spoilers do you know oh that's
tough so you know how it ends okay yeah
it's it's a it's a it's a grammar I like
I like to avoid depression in my video
games real life is shitty enough I don't
I don't need it my escape sometimes you
need that sometimes you need that
sometimes you need a little depression
it's not about what you got that's your
thing whatever I don't give a shit you
like but it's not for me which is all
I'm saying
and I think
say my opinions I don't like depression
of my games you can't know how I like
arguing with Y my opinion is different I
wasn't I wasn't arguing against your
appeal when I was dating my own settle
down wrench all this totalbiscuit talk
has gotten you all in a tizzy just
thought I was mildly interesting
streamis you'd play Titan Souls I still
pick up that once in a while and I do I
enjoy the boss battles a lot I do I wish
the world in between the bosses was a
little more interesting
that's actually a hinderance of the
pixel art style but I do like how easy
it is just to pick up and play you know
or it's like if I only have five ten
minutes I know I can try for a boss or
fine to the next boss like just walk and
find the next boss so overall I'm
enjoying Titan souls but then again it's
my kind of game oh yeah and shut up the
classes yeah oh it's great love love the
grip thing you know I usually look out
for the butts but I don't know where it
is I'm sorry I can't bus to have any
more why can't I but stab is exactly
what you need rich you're doing great
more butt jokes
we need 20% more butt jokes well we
can't go too far with it
no I think it's great I think the entire
idea of a level being the the end boss
is so amazing but then like even just
riding to the end boss and you know your
sword lighting your way and after that
first colossi just like the anticipation
of getting to the next giant monster is
is really really beautiful the light
beam thing focus was kind of weird oh I
suppose that would make sense cuz it's
like maybe it's like reflecting light
have we already been through what the
plural or what the singular of Colossus
is is it Colossus I thought it was
colossal but someone is saying Colossus
is I think somebody looked it up in the
chat in the stream and it's colossi it's
been proven okay to the best of my
understanding great oh oh
Colossus is singular colossi is plural
gotcha I was hearing you say that but
the way you worded it sounded like you
were agreeing with my calling colossi in
the singular well that's what I'm saying
that's what I heard cuz it's come on
like I his singular
not us us is plural in human form but I
is singular
how long you know thirty three years
no I suppose actually you know what I I
didn't talk right away so maybe only
like twenty eight years I was I was a
late talker I'm making up for it now by
just talking without even thinking about
him
said I just have it the head knows that
was going on we gotta find spam or was
it was his button that is rich sometimes
the way to the butt is through the head
you know what I'm saying usually things
go into those that sometimes already
other but it through the head plurals
are hard people settle down use my sword
use my sword to one don't worry about
them
it's gonna be fun
that's right a horrible glory away AAHA
way to a man's head is through his butt
and vice versa it's a wait are you going
to his butter his head you can do it
okay I'm not sure maybe you can then I
suppose you'll just try again
it'll be fine can you use your thought
up there and double-check where these
weak spot is yeah I try to I try to stop
those well then just crawl around his
blood for a little bit see what you see
what you dig up see if there's any
Klingons around is your Uranus that's I
know I listen I'm not saying these are
good jokes right that the joke is what
do what does the Starship Enterprise and
toilet paper have in common they both
circle Uranus in search of Klingons but
they're you know they can't they can't
all be heat death of the universe you
know some four billion years ago we got
I did say stand up didn't work out
Spalding - says shut the fuck up jack
there's a really easy way to get me to
shut up Spalding you just click that
little X button on your window you don't
have to listen to me
but that's so or if you subscribe you
get the real audio this is this audio
that you're hearing now is for
unsubscribers and it's actually filtered
yeah yeah I fell off this blood twice
but I ended up so you did kill him Oh
congratulations
yeah which holds square longer every
time I try to hold square for more than
a second he starts shaking it's funny
you did don't listen to them you kill
him yep that's right that's right
John kilo if you if you subscribe you
actually rich and I we this is literally
pre-recorded audio and you hear us for
subscribers Mike and Jay are live right
now they are talking about talking about
nothing but Star Wars it's pretty great
listen that Star Wars
did you know did you know the movie the
first thing it says well right now says
Disney presents Star Wars how much would
people care you take the same trailer
don't care if it said like some kind of
new name like battles beyond the star
right you make you make them a new
franchise slitter JJ Abrams movie he's
making his own side today nobody well it
wouldn't do what Star Wars will do yeah
yeah but there wouldn't be there
wouldn't be like 5,000 reaction right
video exact trailer I think JJ
everyone's is a big enough name where it
will still do well but no I wouldn't be
it wouldn't be what it is that's a
that's an easy answer
hey rich BRB yep okay
why would you why would you be at Arby's
Arby's is terrible the fuck I'd want to
be anywhere else but our peace
we'll ask Jack when he gets back why I
went to our beefs I hope it doesn't live
too far from one mr. Bould yet
that's jocose old
shut the fuck up rich wow that's that's
kinda harsh shut the fuck up cuz I'm in
an Arby's joke or because I because I
don't like RVs I'm not sure I'm not sure
exactly what you're upset about
all right let's get on that horse
get on that get on the horses stop yeah
ok Jack we're just try to figure out
what why did you go to Arby's you know
the roast beef is pretty all right now I
don't mind Arby's I don't understand
what they hate with our visas it's froze
that's roast beef it's Arby's sauce it's
great it's fine
I think it's fine i like Arby's I'm down
Jay Bedoya says does does Jay hate Star
Wars he seemed he's it seems like he
does yes
he's indifferent which is kind of where
I am right right but no I think Jay has
said several times in in stream that
like he thinks that the new ones gonna
be fine cuz that's what everyone is
gonna be yeah oh yeah I'm not trying to
say that the new one that's horrible
that's fine
takes more that's not worse to get me
excited these days yes I will give
people more shit for liking Olive Garden
than been Arby's Arby's Arby's is
greater than Olive Garden absolutely
you're incredible you have never seen
inside the kitchen of an Olive Garden
Arby's is something no Arby's is fine
it's better than Olive Garden you have
never seen the kitchen of an Olive
Garden yes yes you do it is not it is
not real flight why do I care Arby's I
don't care if it's
just in a factory in Bayreuth I don't it
tastes better than Arby's that's the
only thing that matters I don't care if
it's made with 100% natural fresh
ingredients you can shove all that shit
up your ass that's not I can't believe
this is like a crazy controversy here
but yeah it's gonna be in I like their
like their roast beef I'm diggin I
here's the thing they can make my food
and a vat of chemicals as long as it
tastes good I don't care
sure I guess but you know I also care
about living and in general being a
healthy person I also like I like like
genetically modified food nothing wrong
with it there there's there is literally
no study that links genetically modified
food to higher risks of anything illness
wise I am with you a hundred percent if
we can if we can improve our food don't
let some nuts were paranoid about
anything
agreed agreed yeah there's there's
nothing wrong with GMOs but I'm not
talking about like GMOs and processed
foods are two different things
you know processed food is when they
take nutrition out of it or when they
add fillers in order to make their meat
last longer you know there there's
there's a there's a difference there's
nothing wrong with GMOs all right I also
don't eat fast food that often and so
like the last time I ate at Arby's maybe
six months a year ago so I don't I don't
want to be the great Arby's defender
because I eat fast food maybe once a
week so
the food babe is an ignorant one what
the food babe I don't know either I
thought it doesn't matter I just know
people get bent out of shape about
natural food and genetically engineered
food and then I hope you never eat corn
cuz you know wasn't done in a lab but
essentially Court is highly genetically
modified them the natural version before
you know and you know there's and and
more so we've done studies scientists
have done studies about the effects of
GMOs on the human health and they found
no correlation with poorer health so
that's all that matters
but II right leftover beefcake but dr.
oz that says GMOs are bad well I think
you need to use that every once in a
while
jeido we've been through this a couple
times but you know for people who have
not heard the story about how I have met
the rlm guys here is the short version
because I think many of you people have
heard this story which is literally we
were the very first time I met J and
Mike was when I was shooting the bid for
the Grabowski 's I was Frank hammer on
an episode of the Grabowski 's the
person who mike punched and didn't get
knocked out that was my bit and
literally we had the same friend you
know they were in Milwaukee I lived in
Milwaukee and we had a similar friend we
met her through a friend of a friend and
and I made Internet videos and they made
Internet video
that was it and so it was like oh these
two people make videos you should hang
out together and they're like hey you
make videos we need an actor can you act
and I said no and they said well that's
fine are you free
literally and and so I help and and then
for a while it was always like oh I can
help you with stuff if you need like
help setting up cameras well what we
really need is an actor and I said I'm
not that but they kept putting me and
stuff and that's great yeah Jake before
I waste time am I supposed to jump
across that gap is that a thing that's
supposed to I'm watching this right now
it looks like you can jump across that
is that where you're supposed to go is
that real lady shining you it looks like
you can make it but I don't know
I'm gonna say yeah I'm gonna say yes but
we know how right I usually am rich what
are you doing how can you feel so much
this is why once again I don't like
playing games for the first time on the
street right yeah that's fine that's
fine um you don't need your sword right
now do you jump worse with your sword
out is that a thing I don't know I don't
know so that's where I met Mike and Jay
and as it turned that we had we like the
same movies and got along similarly and
so they kept using me in their videos
and then I would use them for videos
that I was making like to be behind the
scenes people or act in it and then we
just kept doing that and doing that
because we were both doing similar
things and in the same city boom
rich met the rlm crew because apparently
he was born directly next to Mike like
when did you meet Mike Oh in high school
by the way for us to snooze that's
exactly it when I the first time the
first several times I was cast in a
micro J production I asked them for the
script well ahead of time and they never
gave it to me in fact I don't think I've
ever gotten a script from Michael J
until like recently until this week this
week was the first time I've ever gotten
a script from Mike and J they always
just tell me exactly what I'm supposed
to say before it script
no no just say it something like this
yeah that's fine and action oh you
should probably stand right there and
action
I'm Mike in J production right yeah so
that was it I thought was older than
Mike yeah by like a year we saw the same
time no yeah I think I'm the youngest
out of out of everyone
yeah rich is the oldest and I believe
I'm the youngest yeah
do
let's try it try swimming underwater if
you missed a Ledge again okay which
which ledge are you going are you going
for the the ledge like facing you or
well I don't I don't think I can make
that far one I'm trying to go for grab
on the edge of this thing you're about
to get there on that on the screen
yeah that seems to make sense is to go
is to go for that white line that's what
you're going for yeah I mean I don't
assume you would you could make that but
okay Oh actually yeah you know what John
Josh might be older than you rich I
don't know Josh's knows it I don't I
don't I don't even know who met Josh
first birth Josh come into the equation
how do these things happen
I know J made a music video for Josh's
band you know what Josh is role at our
ulema is he's unbent the worst but so J
did a music video for Josh's band and
again I think that was just friends of a
friend thing friends of a friend Jack
have you seen people talk about Star
Wars with Mike Jane rich from ten years
ago no okay I was just gonna ask you
rich if I should see that and if it's
funny no it's just it's just young you
guys I'm not quite so fat Mike sure
looks your hai early doing sure it's Jay
before Jay was sexy
sure sure no like and you know I I
didn't see I didn't see any of their
videos like before I met them lit
literally it was just a friend
a friend of a friend saying hey I have
these I know these people who make
videos you also make videos you should
get together and that's it I die there
are still like movies of early Jay Mike
movies that I have never seen you don't
think is that where are you supposed to
go where it's like where's your light
are you supposed to go on that platform
what are you supposed to be up there
okay I'm just watching you right now
yeah that's what it looks like
I agree I think you just gotta time it
you just gotta get that jump right are
you running are you just jumping I don't
know is there a run button I'm walking
forward before I I think it I think you
like to see if you can run somehow what
was what were your first impressions of
one another I'm trying to remember we
were at a bar they were shooting at a
bar because they knew someone who had a
bar and they were shooting this bit and
they they kept telling me to like
improvise my lines and when I would they
would tell me not to so and I mean they
were good actually they my first
impression of them was they were good
directors they were they worked with me
to get my lines right and had a clear
idea of what they wanted me to do
they were good directors and they they
weren't that organized production wise
that was my first impression of them
like they're used to working with people
who aren't professional actors that that
probably helps from actors when you're
when you're used to working with people
who I have no idea what they're doing
yes no okay but I see are you are
running right there's not a run button
I'm just walking but like if you walk
long enough to you run I was walking the
whole time do you think I am aiming for
the left corner I think you know it
looks like you're going you're going off
of the edge and you need to go off of
the curve does that make any sense I
don't know
there's some blocks I mean you're going
off but your your jumping off where the
road ends and you need to jump off the
side oh you meant first impressions
between me and wrench I don't remember
it wasn't like a a spectacular meeting
then right I'm trying to think of what I
first see here's my first impression was
on who's this guy I don't know he's
being it was the first time we met
probably something feeding frenzy
probably feeding frenzy and of course if
it was feeding frenzy then the very
first time we met I was in full zombie
makeup and you were acting so we
probably didn't get much of a chance to
talk and that's that and then we did
then we next time would have been poop
again and I was probably thinking why
the fuck am I in a thing about his pants
and all I'm thinking was what a cool guy
he's willing to be in a thing about a
guy who poops his pants and that must
mean he's a cool guy what was the
biggest fight you've had with rlm for
creative differences right right no I
mean no no fights where it's just like
it's Evers funniest wins I love a lot of
times like if I'm acting in something
I'll throw something out and you know
immediately if it's going to work or not
if I throw it like oh I think it'd be
really funny if I did this and based on
people's reaction you know whether it's
going to work
so if it doesn't work you just don't do
it here's how this breaks breaks down
okay if if I'm acting and something that
Jack is making at the end of the day
what he wants what matters I'm in his
project and I'm assuming you know jack
Bing and something Micah jr. filming
that at the end of the day he would just
power whatever they wanted to do because
it would be absolute and of course I put
I give my input where they go I yeah oh
yeah we wouldn't say don't don't give us
any ideas and you know a lot of times
it'll just be like let you know let me
it looks like the right thing to do rich
I just think this might be a tricky
thing
yeah I'm sorry but you know like a lot
of times it's like okay you know we've
gotten to take you guys one give me one
where I just do my thing cut it if you
want but at least I know I gave you the
thing that I want to do and that's how
it works
obviously my like especially I want to
say especially Mike and I have very
different senses of humor and so I think
biscuits trying to get in hold on this
is very important
the left thumbstick helps you long jump
I've got the stump sticks buttons my
most Awkward fucking things to use
I found him we have a cat we have a cat
door
so biscuit can get to the basement to do
to do his business it was just the cat
door that came with the house like we
didn't put in a cat door it was just the
cat door that came with the house but
he's too big to get through the cat door
so we need to leave the door open and
someone closed the door so that was that
sorry very important story nope
hi this is not working out
you just can't make the jump
yeah you're just not making that what is
that that was that looked good yeah you
did however it did look like that sort
of thing I'm saying that looked like a
good jump and you were nowhere close
yeah yeah looks like I want to and you
and what are you doing
I keep seeing people say like triangle
button or whatnot or what is the
triangle button do trying a button jumps
jump are you holding the triangle button
like if you hold it down do you jump
longer yeah hold Rhaego
holding the grant button makes the jump
a lot easier hold the jump button yeah
you can't hold the it's the crack the
grab the grant hold the jump button
throughout the entirety of the jump to
see to see if it makes you jump longer
and it's theirs okay seem like it did
actually this is a teachable moment here
teachable moment but did you jump longer
okay that's great so that's great
well then I will take a moment here and
say let's see here a horrible glory no
no fear no Envy s seven seven three
eight two six and spooky Dookie thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it spooky Dookie it's a fun
evening this is the this is the HD
remake on the ps3 for for those asking
yeah and someone called it the busted
ass ps3 version I don't know why is it
why is it oh shit why is doing busted
floppy arms he does he runs a bit like a
muppet you're right oh oh did you make
it this way gasps you hit the wall and
then I was sitting the grab button and
he didn't grab onto the fuck you got oh
you're getting it sure Evan Hall says
Jack I have a 300 word essay due
tomorrow and I haven't even started yet
any advice you do your best work that's
not true my advice is to stop listening
to this stream and start typing and
don't stop typing until you have more
than 500 or more than 300 words that is
it
no I've I've I've like banked out a
papers that I did like like a 5 a.m. I
had to get home like an hour after I
finished it that's what I've done my
best start typing now stop listening to
this and start typing the pressures will
help you unfortunately it's it's just
disabled experience but here's the
easier thing if you feel a mental block
just keep typing and the block will
break through and once you're done
typing you can always go back and edit
it but just keep typing just keep typing
that's the thing
just type it doesn't matter if it sounds
good I am holding our won after jumping
chat I am I've been doing that all the
whole the whole time every jump I've
made a man holding r1 have his jump
fearful sludge Boise is me and rich have
so much in common I don't feel good
about this well that was very nice I
don't know like sometimes I like to
think I see a lot of people saying that
they like they like to listen to things
in the background while they do homework
and there's a lot of work that I think
music helps but for me and of course
this is my super messed up brain where
if if I'm listening to a song or if I'm
listening to other things like
especially people talking if I'm
listening to people talking and I have
to write words I can not you know it
just it messes it up and I start typing
two words I'm hearing so you're right
there we go uh uh yeah what I mean why
did he jump off he jumped off I'm
watching that hold on why did he jump
off I don't know Oh
oh I saw I see that yeah he just jumped
right off I was holding the side and he
jumped he jumped I don't know why Oh God
best dream ever
I agree I don't know yeah I don't know I
also don't know I don't know I know
were you pressing f to hold on to lunch
do you hear this
yeah I don't know what's happened top
this screen it's possibly it's okay I
don't know yeah it's a little bit means
it's cats crazy rich it's crazy can lets
biscuit everybody
what do you think in rich I mean I you
you want you want to pull I think you
can push through but okay keep pushing
to push the rolling I'm gonna go see
what's going on biscuit yeah you figure
out what your fucking game
we're started cat was doing I'm gonna
keep falling off this cliff
I think biscuit is frustrated that I
can't make this jump that's what I think
I just heard me you're doing what I just
is he's just a crazy cat he's just
running around the house meowing and and
like everyone said like run and then
suddenly stop and look at me and yow so
I do it but you know that's a we could
we go as long as we want it is 11 it is
11 after 11 it is 11 11 I agree that's
crazy it was I what the fuck mm-hmm I
was mad yeah yeah that's the real thing
it was like I could sleep in the alarm
went off at 11 times I got fuckin sleep
at em and then I slept another 6 a crazy
thing to me is that your alarm was set
at 11:00 and I understand like your your
your life is way different than mine but
like just waking up at 11:00 would be
crazy to me I'm I get really happy if I
can sleep in till 7:00 like it if nobody
wakes me up until 7:00 I feel like
that's a good morning that's a good
sleep yeah right it's just what we're
used to these are just the things that
were used to so like even 11 it's crazy
me but then to go back to sleep and not
wake up till 5:00 yeah
we'll work on an official unofficial rlm
alarm clock yeah have you are you even
grabbing the ledge anymore or like oh no
no and you're not supposed to jump up I
think you're supposed to crawl around oh
yeah I know that cuz I'm holding
triangle for the long jump I'm still
holding when I grab so he's just
naturally jumps and then you're supposed
oh yeah then you just jump across but
you're not making that one oh my god
you can do this rich you're there you're
so there
don't also don't look at the chat don't
even look at the chat they're not gonna
have they're not gonna help what well
here's here's what they're gonna they're
gonna pretend like they've never made
mistakes in games they're gonna pretend
they're gonna pretend like Oh know
everything I do I always get right the
very first time what that's not the
fucking true well that's not very true
Jack what are your plans to increase the
previously recorded brand recognition my
plan is to continue hopefully making
quality thought-provoking conversational
review videos about video games and
continuing a regular schedule of
streaming where you can hear us talk
about miscellaneous bullshit and there
that I think is the brand and did it you
did it you know it's it's one of those
things where it's it's slow growing but
we are growing we are growing slowly and
and I'm pretty happy with that you know
we need some we need some we need a
couple more big hits I was really upset
with the blood-borne numbers I thought
blood-borne would do better oh I don't
know I think we've barely cracked 60,000
yeah yeah yeah Wow and I thought we why
you know why it's true shit out internet
loves hateful reviews and I thought we
did a pretty good job of explaining why
we liked it so much in the same
thoroughness that we broke apart other
games and also you know didn't we are
our review did come out weeks after the
game had come out which doesn't help but
I was hoping I was hoping for better and
that's okay we'll just continue to make
the best videos we can and that's all
you can do no we're gonna stand what I
might have to do
yes people get mad if we like something
and people get mad if we hate something
the only the problem is if we hate
something and people not only get mad
but they share it there's so mad that
they Marin and if they agree with us
then they're gonna do in and they say
yep they're right and they don't share
like to go around back back here and I
agree am Filipino Bruno it was it was
also late and and that's just
unfortunately that was a byproduct of
our schedules when we could do the
review when we could play the game of
course it takes a the the great thing
about the greatest thing about the order
1886 was we got to finish it in a day we
could finish playing the game in a day
that was great so it was really easy to
play it and have her review and have our
conversation but we we don't we each had
40 hours in to blood-borne before we
could talk about it and we end note with
no advance copies
so well you know what we're working on
it we're just gonna try to make the best
videos we can have a good conversation
about games that's all that's all that's
all we were hoping for yeah all we can
do that's all we can do that's all I was
hoping to make is I like those kind of
videos where I like that from like best
of the worst and a half in the bag
especially when it's a movie that I've
seen I enjoy being part of the
conversation you know so that's what I
was looking to make with previously
recording and that's keep doing we just
gonna keep doing
I have never reached out to a publisher
for an advanced copy I don't even know
if I would know how to do that I guess
we could try but you know what that for
those couple times it might work you
want to hate your product on the
internet well no you know I remember I
remember stuff like that when I when I
was running the college when I was
running the college radio station and a
part of my job as as manager of the
college radio station was like making
sure I was talking to all of the
different record labels right and what
we had to do is we had to compile our
top 10 list for like what was in top
rotation and every college would publish
their top 10 list in the college music
Journal cmj and if we weren't putting
artists from a certain record label in
our top 10 list those labels would
suddenly and unexpectedly stop sending
us the good stuff you know and it's it's
that kind of game I'm sure with
publishers as well which is why a
negative review is an 8 now an 8 out of
10 that's an
negative review program manager yes I
was a program manager at a college radio
station B college radio station had
exactly two employees me and an elderly
man who came in once a month we never
played anything and all of my top ten
rotation lists were completely made up
month-to-month just so I could get
records that I wanted to listen to but
but this is its part it's part of the
game and because rich and I aren't part
of a bigger organization they're not
gonna give it to us easily but I will
look into it yeah yeah I was hoping I
was hoping you were
oh my god I love this guy
I love how long it takes him to swing
his sword I think it's great oh don't it
like isn't it Corey isn't it great Jo is
yours your what I just look I love the
the intensity into the circle you're
seeing again it's a fair assumption I do
I don't remember any of these fights he
was standing at constantly what I want
him to slam it down like this fucker yes
I would agree that he's a fucker
yeah it looks like it looks like you
were standing in the center and he hit
he hit like over it so maybe stand more
like closer to him in the circle like
when you stand in the center he hits
down after it and so like stand at the
front of the circle facing him and maybe
he'll hit the center of it or maybe say
rich how would you say that the
mechanics for fighting skyscraper
monsters compared to something like god
of war where no matter how big the enemy
is all you get to do is a QuickTime
event to death you know I I i do love
the the climbing method though of
fighting giant bosses i typically hate
the giant bosses in video games i like i
like boss fights that are more of like a
duel finally your own size and I never
like fight the giant thing here oh that
again that's what they have
yeah like and god of god of war fighting
all of the little things is really fun
like the combos your weapons
I'll take ninja gaiden oh sure sure but
today it's still funny fucking the
combat is fun and it's fluid and it
feels good it's it's a button masher
absolutely but it feels great and then
the bosses are cheap the bosses are our
QuickTime events
oh I hear that
yeah rich you gotta stop standing in the
center of that circle you got to get get
on the close side of him so he hits the
circle because he keeps over swinging
that circle that's that's 100 percent
and you got it you can't you're running
too soon but like stay in the circle but
like the close side of him to the on the
circle you know that's what it looks
like because he keeps over swinging and
then you run too fast so he's missing
the circle this is what's this is what's
gonna happen you can do this oh great
great
it just happened
I hear it I hear it happened oh I'm
watching it now that's so fucking
awesome ah great okay cool
you did it congratulations and I think
he broke it Ford I think he broke his
arm yeah yeah oh yeah his sword is fine
but now rich can climb his arm that's
the important part
don't worry about breaking forward yes
falling Mick Falls a lot well it's it's
it's medieval time so it's folly sir
falls a lot sir Falls oh yes sir that
makes perfect sense
ha ha ha jokes
so many things we say are funny but most
of them are not yeah I know that's
probably true rich have you heard about
the tesla powerwall yes power wall this
is something that probably does not
excite you very much as you are a renter
but as a homeowner this is something
that's very very exciting
do you know you know the corporation
Tesla they make they are famous for
electronic cars all electric cars all
electric cars that are you know crazy
fast and muscle cars and 0 to 60 in 1.8
seconds or whatever but oh yeah they're
also into space travel so Elon Musk be
the head of Tesla gives this keynote the
other day right and he says we have
figured out the bridge we have figured
out renewable energy we no longer have
to worry about renewable energy being a
problem anymore because we figured it
out and he said it's all about solar
energy solar energy is a great resource
the only problem is storing that energy
has always been the big problem right
because when the Sun is the brightest we
capture all this energy but we have no
way of saving it because battery
technology sucks right it's great so he
says what we've done is we've taken all
the research we've put into our amazing
batteries for our electric cars and we
are creating a battery for your home the
powerwall something where if you have
solar panels you can charge up this
battery and run your entire house on a
battery yes
amazingly nice yes something like that
it's amazing you know and so night but
not only then let's say you don't have
the greatest access access to solar
panels it's something that could siphon
electricity because electric companies
sell electricity at different price
points during the day like for example
more people use electricity at night so
electricity is more expensive at night
so you could siphon electricity during
the day when it's cheaper and used the
battery at night when electricity is
more expensive saving you money or hook
it up to a solar grid and offset some
some parts and just never have to worry
about like a power outage in your
neighborhood again because you have a
battery it's the most amazing thing in
the world well what would you expect
that's a battery that could run your
entire house that you know what that's
exactly what Lisa said when I was
talking to her about this 3535 reason
relatively reasonably priced for a
battery that could potentially power the
entire house amazing oh yeah that
doesn't include like solar panel that
all that's that's just for the battery
okay but yeah okay well I expect then by
the time you aren't actually that
expensive but this is what you want
absolutely but no it's it's amazing
technology and and he's giving this
presentation in this auditorium right
now all the the tech writers are they
and everyone's taking pictures and all
the cameras are running on all the
lights are on them he says here's what
we're gonna do to help prove this
technology we're gonna switch the
breakers off in this building and run
this this building on our batteries and
so they cut to a camera that show like
the breakers he says okay let's get
ready to switch oh wait we already have
been this entire building this entire
night has been running off of our
batteries it's beautiful okay just
beautiful it was really exciting if you
are into green technology is there any
way to get these fuckers
button stops that's actually part of the
game it's just frustrating at this point
because I'm where I need to be and I'm
just waiting for him to stop making me
do it so in any case I was super excited
I watched the keynote his presentation
the only problem is Elon Musk is no
salesman like he's an engineer he's a
scientist he is not very good at like
beyond spiring speech so it was a little
it was a little rough to watch his
keynote a lot of stuttering a lot of
herbs and aams he was no Steve Jobs
Steve Jobs a lot of people can say a lot
of negative things about him but I think
one thing everyone agrees on is he was a
hell of a Salesman that man could sell a
product and so but Elon Musk was he
wasn't great salesman but his passion
came through no matter what which is
great on sparing speeches aren't so fake
like they can be faked
you know and when like for example if
you are an Apple fanboy like I am and
you watch the Tim Cook Apple keynotes
they seem a little fake Tim Cook isn't
the greatest at speeches he tree goes
for inspiring he goes for emotion but he
doesn't do it go back and watch some of
those Steve Jobs he knows and you will
feel it he was a good salesman in a case
yeah home batteries this is the future
available soon available being
manufactured in a plant that is entirely
run by solar energy of course yeah my my
dream fantasy house we might have a
bunch of solar panels but oh go going
off the grid it's something that I would
love
I would love to do them so swing your
Thormann Apple fanboy
haven't we been through that I have a
Mac I have a Mac in an iPhone everyone
in our line except for me as you like
Apple it's true they won't shut up about
it it's true we want and that's that's
why we're fanboys except for the Apple
watch mr. Chas Moses Jack my twitch
friend you're describing a cult leader
a cult leader yes is a good salesman
that is true but you know just because
you're good salesmen doesn't necessarily
mean your cult leader well you know hold
on hold on while I check the cult of
mac.com - which is a website it's a
thing it's a thing I like Apple I like
the product I like their ethos I like
their i like their whole thing except
for the Apple watch which i think is an
unnecessary piece of hardware people who
have the Apple watch seem to enjoy it I
think it's incredibly but see this is
the thing I'm an Apple fanboy and the
Apple watch was too much for me so I
guess I'm not I can't be a hundred
percent Apple fanboy then it's less dumb
than the Google glasses uh yeah okay
I'll be with you there I'll be with you
there I'm sorry professor salt that you
have a Mac and you hate it I love my Mac
I do I love the operating system I love
it I love it all Jack are there any
games you would push your kids to play
no I wouldn't push him to play anything
yeah you got a I put a lot of games in
front of them and I I hope they enjoy
them but no I know I never push because
once you start pushing they'll figure it
out and then they won't like it so you
can't you can't push anything on them
you just have to make things available
and hope they like the good stuff
I think so most people I do think so
where if you if you really like if you
really push something hard
someone's gonna back away unless you're
great salesman and I don't think I'm a
great salesman but you know yeah my boys
like Mario Cart my boys like a lot of
the games I play and they play a lot of
interesting games what have we been
pulling recently we've been playing the
the Lego Batman game and it's a it's not
great there's there's Lego Batman scream
Joker do you bleed wouldn't that be the
worst no he does not nice it's all very
cute it's not a great game I'm actually
I'm actually a little I Roley at it most
of the time but it's cute and and they
seem to have a fun time with it but
where do I go what do I do
what am i doing what is life is life
I'll go with no no body for many people
life is minecraft and I agree I'm trying
to keep my children away from Minecraft
as long as possible
gotta be on a stupid Minecraft is crack
cocaine to children it is terrible don't
get your kids anywhere near Minecraft or
that will be there and
your life Oh evil of you well know how
you can't find a spot if I could find it
he just for something shakin so that's
the game rich yeah I get it I get it oh
look at how adorable this this Colossus
is minecraft is very creative you're
right you're right no I'm not I am by
the way this is not me hating on
minecraft I just don't want
III want to make sure I try to keep them
as diverse as pop as possible and what I
hear with minecraft is once you
introduce children to minecraft they
forget about everything else they forget
about eating they forget about sleeping
they forget about all other games except
for Minecraft and I like keeping them
diverse a little Lego Batman a little
Captain Underpants a little blood-borne
you know some of everything
you're gonna do it rich I believe in you
yeah yeah I keep shaking his head yeah
especially blood part right
oh that's a really good tip perfect says
they think you should use your sword to
stab his body oh yeah yeah it was great
when he's not shaking his fucking egg
right Grey giant no and my kids have not
played blood-borne but as I've talked
about they've watched me play ball barn
and they liked it they drew pictures you
can check them out on my Twitter they
think that the creepy world is fun they
like monsters they like Ford as all kids
do all kids like monsters and thorns you
did it
he's a rich great courage Ison's you
sound
you sound like like someone who just
appeared a colossus with you which is
tired yeah I'm exhausted
yes you only have 13 left right so let's
do this tonight but what do you think
like you've had a couple hours in the
game and basically this is it like you
know you find you yeah no I enjoy it I
enjoy it is it's neat it is even even
something as banal as like making your
way to the Colossus the colossi is
something that's very exciting
I think it is I think I think there's a
I think there's a great anticipation in
getting obviously you had a bit of a
hard time they're making that jump but
but imagine if you made that jump on
that first time just like riding to the
colossi that's that's I think it's great
thing I use a great thing I think
everything is great all the time that
you make sounds as if you are ready to
call it anything actually Chad I am
meeting you are eating business cough
actually it's a garden veggie straws
with sea salt they're pretty good okay
great it is it is quarter to midnight
okay I think I think I'm excited that
that you that you at least had a good
time fighting the Colossus so yeah we're
probably gonna call it and for streams
this week I am out of town I will be in
lovely San Francisco attending hopefully
a lovely wedding and so we don't know
rich may do solo streams Wednesday and
Sunday I'll probably check our Twitter
at previously wreck well well I'll let
you know whether we're streaming or not
or whether it's a rich solo stream or
not obviously if you see a picture of
biscuit you know we're not streaming but
uh heads-up as I guess what I'm saying
I'm assuming you know with with the time
difference and with with our schedule
out there I will not even be able to
call it unfortunately so yeah
I'll do although at least one solo
stream it may be fucking maybe I'll like
to do to at least one okay if you don't
mind good don't might quite everyone
knows everyone knows back to original
stream maybe maybe I'll take another
whack at doing a deputizing no
death-room I think I think I have a
strategy to get high by worry I really
who did you die over the last time I've
used my the second time you meet Carlito
he he Snipes at you from a discarded get
close I
I should have whipped up some quiz I
could have charged him that's what I
should have done that I didn't do that
so I mean I might give that another shot
all right well yeah we will tweet and we
will let you know but in any case thank
you all for coming out
let's see do we have any and for the
record news people are bringing that
game up I'm saving I'm saving dead souls
till Jack is actually hearing aid apply
do I really want to play demon souls and
I appreciate you you waiting for me
because I do and I will the next time
I'm in the studio where I'll play vmon
Souls yes yeah so we're waiting on that
that's the whole also we haven't we'd
have one who subscriber before we leave
which is game guy one one seven thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated he's a new subscriber so
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all of our old subscribers
and thank you to everyone else who got
to witness Rich's birth into the world
that is Shadow of the Colossus
