Episode 114
Ninja Gaiden Sigma - Rich Solo
May 29, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PArO4kKQBJUs
___________________________________________

how's everyone doing I think I think
stream has commenced stream stream has
started we're doing this we're doing
this I think I'm doing this I'm waiting
to see if anything pops up on my screen
yep Oh something is loading on screen
which means streams start which good
good streams start good hello thank you
for showing up today and we're going to
play Ninja Gaiden it's it's just me
alone
there will be no Jack Jack Jack is at a
wedding
I think he's marrying a bear in order to
you know was just to push the boundaries
of her law and what we find is
acceptable he's trying to marry a bear
and and he had to go to to Alaska to do
that it's the only state where I don't
know what I'm saying
I'm just saying completely utterly
random things and giving you
misinformation about Jack which and
personally I find fun before before I
really start playing the game
Wiley h2o John kilo 3 leftover beefcake
who made this nifty program that lets me
read these names and Justin Harmon thank
you for subscribing thank you all we
really appreciate it
it's true we do eight months in a row 12
months in a row six months in a row
and the remix thank you for subscribing
as well we love each and every one of
our subscribers equally eleven months
right Oh for crying out loud
zena's bet no not for crying out loud
any thank you thank you very much
oh we love it no it's great it's great
zan of Ben thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it okay I'm done I
am going to play game this is a Ninja
Gaiden Sigma which which is basically
Ninja Gaiden black from the Xbox only
only a little bit fancier they ported it
over to the ps3 and they they made it
look all Purdy and visually I think it
holds up I'm hidden hidden start buttons
I'm hitting various random start buggers
and this is not going to be a nude no
death run new death run that would be
something this is not going to be a no
death row
I haven't played this game in like four
years now so I am extremely out of
practice so I sadly I expect to get my
ass kicked like like a lot like like a
whole lot oh shit probably still sysplex
a dough of the colossus yeah let me try
and fix that let me try and fix that
hold up I'm gonna try and fix things I
know it gives me issues when I try to
edit this it doesn't always take
actually it almost never takes I'm
probably gonna have to get a hold of
Jack and just just have Jack change the
name for wherever the hell he is doing
whatever the hell he's doing yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna send a message to Jack
okay sorry about that yeah I have some
kind of weird cookie issue with twitch
twitch does not like me at all every
time every time I change the stream name
it just goes right back to whatever the
hell it was yeah it completely ignores
me I'm crunching the got the game volume
turned down to my headphones because I
don't want to hear this out of delay
that would just be that would just be
completely obnoxious respond
I already did good we're good we're
great everything's great everything's
wonderful everything isn't working and I
might want to turn the game back on in
the window picture alright we're good
we're doing a new game now because I
haven't played this in a while and I'm
not suicidal we're just going with we're
going with normal okay as you can see
here's my proof that I've played this
game before I have unlocked other
costumes so I have beaten us on the
other difficulties a lot of people
haven't seen this before I'm just going
with the default costume I kind of love
the classic though this is this costume
right here is the reason I I had to I
had to make myself beat the higher
difficulties cuz I'm a huge fan of the
classic Ness game so here we go I'm
starting gaming no I'm not playing in
the hardest difficulty I'm not doing
that not tonight
completely out of practice yeah no we're
not doing that this game can be brutal
on the higher difficulties I can't even
conceive of beating master ninja that's
the the highest difficulty not never
never gonna happen
never gonna happen rich please play the
next one
I'm not tonight I don't wanna I don't
feel like for one I don't have a Ness
here and I don't feel like sending up an
emulator so you know maybe some other
time if we ever have a Nintendo tonight
I'll drag it out drag it out of the
mothballs and play it oh you mean the
Costra pal well that's too late it's too
late it is is is what is his ocean yeah
oh god I don't I don't remember anything
that happens in this game I yeah I know
he's got a thing I don't remember any of
the controls oh this is so fucked
I'm completely oh shit oh shit I should
have you know what I should have played
this like earlier today or last night
but I didn't do that game volume is very
low oh that's right I needed it for a
second time so the game volume was
actually off so no change that my
controls because I have I have diverted
myself now I gotta I gotta get to a menu
where I can flip the camera I don't care
about the map I care about an options
menu info
unless I can't do that from here that
would be annoying
is there are no options menu to change
that oh that's gonna be that's gonna be
a pain in my ass you know what
can i how I even quit out of here don't
want options menu go to one options menu
let me let me switch which way the
camera flips god damnit hold on we're do
this one more time and you know what
I'll even play with the classic Ness
outfit oh god I'm so out of practice
with this game this is gonna be painful
it's gonna be fucking fucking painful
there's got to be a main menu that will
lumpy flip the camera see here's the
thing ever since I let myself go to the
normal camera rather than inverted all
my old shit is said for inverted so
iiiii every time I play an old game it's
it's going to the options menu and flip
it around again controller settings
would it be from being a controllers
okay
it's a first-person camber third-person
camera x-axis though normal durable
there we go normal normal normal all
right there we go there we go new game
on normal and we'll go with the Ness
costume now I get I can no longer play
inverted my my brain is pretty much
entirely switched over
turn up turn up the volume more all
right I turn the game volume up let me
know if it's too loud you you chat you
did not you did not convert me I I did
that on my own
actually it's all stripes fault because
strafe didn't have the option to invert
somewhere we streamed strafe there was
it was impossible to spot all right now
it's no I need to flip the camera right
to left is all fucked up Oh for fuck's
sake
it's always something why isn't there an
options menu in the menu this is absurd
I just want to change things in the game
without turning the game off now fuck
you fuck you game this has got to be
horribly frustrating to watch but at
least I'm talking at least I'm talking
yeah bong gotta you miss nothing other
than me trying to fix the the camber
controls which once you're in the game
there's apparently no option to switch
the camera controls I have to turn the
game off and then to get to get just to
get to the option menu after I have to
restart the whole fucking game which
it's kind of kind of pissing me off kind
of pissing me off right x-axis is
flipped that should be what I want
language-rich what you want me to you
want me to swear more I could swear more
fuck fuckity fuck fuck that's a lot of
fucks I know just give them fuck I give
a lot of fucks
if if I had played this game if it
hadn't been four years since the last
time I played this game I would I would
seriously consider a no death run but
not not with my current level of
out-of-practice Ness it's just it's not
gonna work
rich still thinking of doing a fallout 3
or New Vegas stream I don't think I've
ever said I was gonna do any of those
I've never actually I've never played
any of the fallouts I was a lot I don't
remember I should have been I should
have charged my attacks for those guys
that much just come back and now
remember that I remember how to do one
thing I think down that way that's
that's a dead end for now right yeah
that's still a dead
climb climbing up the hill yeah all
right
so much I so much I need to relearn what
the fuck I should give the originals try
I'm assuming you're talking about the
original fallout not the original ninja
gaiden games which I played the fuck out
of the original ninja gaiden games
everything no fucked up the long run
fucked up I fucked up the simplest thing
I could have done there we go and now
instantly my camera left and right is
fine but now now I need to I'm not even
gonna fucking bother maybe I'll do it
after I get to a safe point later on in
the game but now not my up and down as
far but it is what it is get good rich
get good get good
I'm doing terrible I am really just
doing I'm playing like worship fried
horse shit they say I used to have this
shit down goddamnit not anymore
if I tried pressing start and steps
lucky I first started says you don't
have a map yet so I don't think it's
gonna help look I'll try it I'll muddle
through the first level and now maybe
I'll take another whack at fixing up the
camera I'm doing terrible but I'm gonna
have next to no essence to spend on
things cuz I'm sucking so much I'm
sucking so fucking much Here I am so
glad either not to claim any kind of no
deathrun bullshit cuz this just not
gonna that's not gonna work
oh god damnit you dodged such a
beautiful fighting system and I don't
remember any of it I'm kind of
accidentally doing some of the old moves
here and there yeah yeah alright wear
them ninjas yep
so I'm gonna die I'm gonna die because
stupidly I got all remember the azuma
drop I remember that was the big the big
kill everything moving this game was the
Asuna drop see that pro move that I
pulled off by accident because I don't
remember what I'm doing there we go
there we go
yeah okay suckage pure suckage
pure fucking suckage that's what I get
for going so long without playing this
game
okay so I don't even have the suitor
drop yet alright alright
I remember once you get the the Asuna
trap it's fucking fucking lights out
that's what you could just murder
everything
the stream is over no it's not over I
never claimed this is a no death run
should I think I've claimed that this is
gonna be a die constantly run
there we go die you fucker die you Nazi
starting to get my mojo starting to get
my mojo yeah I don't care
but the costume I'm wearing is proof
that I don't completely suck at this
game you need to beads I think I think
it's very hard before you get that one I
forced myself to get good enough to beat
very hard just so I would have that
costume
I'm starting to get good are you guys
who are you guys nope nope that wanna do
the kick and wonder do charge no don't
fall yeah suck
I'll never get good again
yourself yeah
yeah
I gotta remember I gotta remember
fucking conference maybe I'll maybe I'll
take a look at the combo list later
come on come on Oh son of a bitch ah get
my ass shit making a fool out of myself
God oh yeah that last Ninja Gaiden then
Chan that was that was pure ass you know
how I know the last Ninja Gaiden game
was pure ass play that game and in the
the first stage of Ninja Gaiden 3 just
just hold just just keep pressing X and
you can get through that first level
that's how you know that game is crap
there we go pulled it off
all right all right you know what
ding-dong
being dumb
get the stuff I need to get
that's probably you some that
all right I got some health
when I was good at this game I wouldn't
I wouldn't leave that for now bastard
fuck it I do now because I suck
as those quality fighting that was some
not completely suck
I like not completely sucking
oh shit
I gotta fight bats
unlimited sure she reckons she reckons
she ruck
ninja stars I have unlimited ninja stars
Chris can't
never have to fix that camera
getting wait until at least get to the
next stage
oh wait no that's not the one I want to
use I don't want those there's item
there that gives you more there's an
item in this game that'll give you more
life but did I miss they the teeth
ah fuck you fucking white ninja man
stop second Oh God and that wasted tells
what a rebirth from this shit oh god I
suck so much now fuck me for sucking
there's no one left to kill him I still
suck though
then I find the teeth and I will find
out I don't remember I don't remember if
I grab the thing I need to grab which
will be around this corner
all right I did not find the teeth I
think I'm at cave underneath I must have
just missed them
not there
ah here we are things of the samurai
for anybody watching I am completely
sucking right now I'm an embarrassment
to myself like I'm doing so bad I might
need to have a Redemption stream after
after getting my ninja gaiden legs back
there's a guard I'm not even using out
there yeah I'm not even using the Gargas
because I'm stupidest why why am I not
why was I not using the girl I didn't
even I don't even fucking remember you
could guard in this game what is wrong
with me
what the hell is wrong with me
you know I'll grade your said game for
this shit
way of the ninja your soccer your sack
tune in next week - rich forgets out of
God oh that guard changes everything
I'm getting my mojo back I'm getting my
mojo a little bit back like 1% 1% in the
grand scheme of things but oh that
helped where did I forget now did I
forget I grabbed the fangs and I forgot
to go back and get the key tonight yes I
did yes I did for everything I do right
I do like 8 things wrong how I used to
be quality at this game I used to be I
really did I really did I feel so
terrible
maybe maybe I should make it like a goal
it'll be like a like a Rocky movie like
here I'm starting from suck and then you
know be like it'll be like like Rocky
for right I'm gonna start from suck you
know I used to be on top of my game and
I'm gonna I'm gonna get better at this
game I'm gonna play it some and then
we'll do another stream eventually I
will live streaming a successful no
death run of this game that sounds crazy
that sounds like something so stupid it
sounds like something I would do
I can't wait like that is gonna drop
back
get in there I'm getting there get in
there why did those guys stop dropping
health fuck's sake for fuck's sake
used to be the champ rock you gotta get
back in shape you gotta have a training
montage that's what I need I need a
ninja gaiden training montage
dudududududududududududu digital so I
run up steps while decapitating people
best training montage ever
still not gonna have any any essence to
buy crap with cuz this is awful
just channel your inner energy Cutler
rich that's the last thing I want to do
I need to channel my inner Patrick Kane
that's what I need
sir here all right not bad not bad to
that jerk in the chat the west's how
much of the the boss is health when I
took up for dying yeah yeah fuck you
fuck you alright we're getting it back
we're getting my mojo back
no problem ancient necro you're welcome
you're very welcome the people care
about the cutscenes for this cuz right
now I'm not I'm not so concerned with
the story as much as I am with with
sucking less
what happens when rich reaches full mojo
no death run
that's what happens when rich reaches
full mojo rich thoughts on hearthstone I
have no thoughts in hearthstone I've
never played it and don't know much
about it I know it's kind of cards
that's all I know I know cards which is
wait now watch three that was space camo
since I'm rich Evans mojo level 6% ah
that's that sounds accurate that sounds
accurate has rich played Metal Gear
Rising I have not it looks like it might
be fun I for one I've never been fond of
Metal Gear story like at all I think it
confused I said this before confuses
quality storytelling with convolution
first for a second I hate writing so as
far as the lore goes I hate everything
about ninja gaiden rising but I know
that the people who made that game make
damn good action games and I know that's
an action game and I have it but I
haven't played it yet and to be honest I
haven't played it yet
in in part because Metal Gear riding and
Metal Gear story I'll probably try it
one of these days and I love the
gameplay and that that might be the
first game where I actually do skip all
of the cutscenes if I ever do
playthrough not Ninja Gaiden rising I
say ninja guy to writing Metal Gear
Rising Metal Gear Rising if I have
whatever if I ever do playthrough Metal
Gear Rising I will probably the first
game ever just skip all of the cutscenes
I got a run back the other one
I used to make it a matter of pride to
run all the way back where I needed to
go without bumping into walls just just
doing it as efficiently as possible
like make sure I jump over that a
trapdoor for that without stopping to
pause I used to do that all the time hit
all the doors like yeah I played this
game a lot way back when I played this
game off
I might like the cutscenes in Metal Gear
Rising I haven't I haven't played it I
know I know I can't stand right I know I
can't stand the Metal Gear universe so
we'll see we'll see
I forgot you have magic in this game
it's been it's been about a year now you
people you people are still talking
about Shrek look I don't it's some kind
of fortune thing and I'm not responding
to shrink so you can stop talking about
Shrek
damnit I hope they get all of us that
one is already dead wasted that
damn you son-of-a-bitch
they survived that kind of impressive
there's things around here I don't
remember where all of them are and no I
think I miss it I know there was
something thought that was something
early am of these levels that
permanently increased her health I don't
know if I just missed it or what wife of
the guys that's you need seven of those
it's like a good thing there's something
I know there's something I missed god
damn it and that fell in the water that
means I failed in your school you can't
follow the water
yes I am a fan of James Randi chat man
is a fine professional skeptic guys like
90 years old he's still he's still
kicking he's still doing what he's been
doing
James James Randi is a fraud buster
all right sorry you're quiet there but
shit got shake out real shit got serious
temporarily
yeah I'm starting to get better starting
to get better I might I might start
playing this a bit on my own time and
then once once I've improved to at least
a decent level maybe maybe maybe maybe
we'll have another stream of this game
we'll just we'll see how far I've gotten
I'm not gonna promise a no death run cuz
that's fucking hard I've done it once
I'm normal not in any of the fucking
harder difficulties said I am not good
enough for that I've seen videos of
people unwind who can fucking just beat
master ninja modes ass I I am NOT never
will be one of those people but I can be
better than this I know you guys like
watching bad I think that's I think
that's the thing
do I have a PlayStation Plus you know I
only just got one recently because of
the previously recorded show I hadn't
before that I know I know you get free
games with PlayStation Plus but I'm
assuming you love I mean you lose all of
those games once you're like
subscription ends so just seems kind of
like a temporary thing I don't know
switch to the go where do I switch to go
add equipment probably projectile
weapons
you know there actually is a fair amount
in this game that reminds me of
blood-borne the difficulty upgrading
action II kind of combat game can't
upgrade they and alright alright no I
don't want by any of this stuff actually
I one of those but I got so little money
as it is I'm gonna I'm gonna hold it off
beside been doing bad and I want to be
able to afford some dragon sword
upgrades later so I'm not gonna find
anything it's thinking that she'll I'm
pretty sure I should be able to get it
why are you not picking it up
oh fuck
well I can't wait to look at my count of
attacks back counter-attacking is fun
all right
jack is off believe he's off at a
wedding
subject Jack will not be joining us
today this is a it's gonna be a lovely
quiet rich Evan solo stream now you love
those
Oh
oh that's right I can shoot them off the
horse I'm gonna wanna burn summer elixir
of life here unfortunately there's so
much I've forgotten about this game
there we kill damn it I missed
the stage I'm definitely going to fix
that fine camera
shit too late too late I was just about
to use a health potion when I got
murdered
no I don't choose to abandon the way of
in ninja fuck off fuck off
rich what games are you most proud of
completing a no death run for this this
might be it
it's probably probably not much of a
mite about him
die fucking die
alright alright
so what's going on what's going on
anything interesting going on in the
chat
you know what I missed this guy - the
first time
it was in their own hidden orb here all
I gotta find the head I remember now I
remember thing thing now is remember
slowly-slowly it's all coming back very
slowly but it's coming back anything
happening in chapters you're saying no
fuck off okay okay
yeah I heard you guys watch things what
what were you thinking
that movie is that movie is fucking
rancid oh god I can't I can't make it
through things I did it once and that's
never again never fucking again yes you
you have just experienced things
probably the the most accurate text I've
ever seen in a movie
all right let's see if I can get good
and I'm still not buying anything oh
wait I didn't mean to click on hammers
still I buy it I think I'm going on
alright alright goodbye goodbye come
back when I can upgrade my Dragon Sword
oh god they're kicking my ass
and I'm dead I'm dead because suck Oh
God
Oh I'm sucking so much
alright let's try it let's try to not
suck no I did not do that drying of
Plunkett I believe that was guy called
bill mote Mildred right maybe I'm not a
hundred percent sure some guy on the
internet who does something I don't if
he does a comic or what but there's a
fan of the Phantom Menace review and he
he did that to that first for free said
you know maybe you guys can put this on
t-shirt or something
dammit
you're dying
fuck fuck mother fucker
fucking motherfucker
rich heavens mojo level 3% hasn't
spalling it is now falling look this is
a hard game which I am obviously
completely hopelessly out of practicing
all right I'm talking luscus I'm trying
to suck less
that's a lot more like it yeah there we
go
for change pick up head
so I have known impulsive looking
there's just a fire was your second
those are suck
where is JJ is that around J's J is at
home being J where he is doing
presumably J Balvin things with with J
Balvin
am I going to play The Witcher 3 no
here's here's my here's the deal with
what you're talk to all this before but
I know not everybody is that every
stream I heard great things about you
know The Witcher and and choice actually
being meaningful and in Witcher which
actually has some divergent storylines
like wildly depending on things
different things you do sounded great so
I started playing the first one I wanted
to play in the order even though the one
I heard all the good things about was 2
and I could not get into the fucking
first one I hated both the the main
character just grated on me as did the
combat which I thought was awful
I tried to get into the witcher 1 it did
not work
maybe maybe two is a huge step up but I
did kind of get scared off
it's just the main character I mean you
know
such a generic generic badass I mean
that's the can be fine but I wasn't
feeling it
there we go all right a little bit
better a little bit better
didn't used to get something for
shooting this used to used to get free
essence well waste it on my fuckin
arrows I know there's a there's a corpse
I can get arrows from or not here
somewhere so this guy yeah that guy
alright I neither of us did they have to
charge why am I not getting that used to
be a thing I swear to God used to be
able to shoot these targets like health
would pop out you're asking me about the
GOG galaxy beta I saw it I I downloaded
it I'm not super excited about it I
don't I don't want my my my computer
cluttered up with like 18 different game
launching software's you know I mean
just just out of practicality I have you
know Steam and what I just cuz I want
one-stop for everything any any non
steam game I have I just I just linked
to the Steam account I just put on put a
link in the library
I'm talking lustrous that helps my
concentration here
sucker
ow
all right well I got past the horses got
past the horsies we saved
I like sure to grab more arrows Angus I
actually they were helpful against the
wizard does my bad my bad I needed to
grab arrows and I didn't I'm going to
pay the price
damn it damn it damn it
fuck
fuck doing rather bad
damnit
oh just get my ass check left hand
fucking right
nope nope nope nope nope nope
got some cheap use of the flying swallow
as much as I had
see
on my better days rather than losing a
bunch of health and needing to use those
blue orbs for health I'd be using those
to fuck up that boss but now I need the
health too much I'm because I'm back I'm
suddenly bad blue orbs the blue glowing
orbs to restore your health
on the blue and red orbs you suck those
in when you're charging an attack and
does the the powerful version of the
attack
that's what I'm supposed to be doing I
just did there
Oh hurry he's dead you's a shitload of
fucking health potions though
counterattacks about fucking time about
fucking time
if you're just tuning in I used to be
good at this game but I no longer have
it's been 4 years since I played
die you fuckers oh that was nice that
was nice
did something right
a lot of things say a lot of things to
say if I heard about the banjo kazooie
Kickstarter no but then again I'm I'm
not like a huge fan of banjo kazooie I
those came out those games came out at a
time when I was just sick of that style
of platformer
practice money
maybe I shouldn't practice my countersue
shit
yep dad it's okay it's okay
rich what do you think of the pvp LaVon
uh yeah I hate internet multiplayer so
I've never I've never even tried it
I just don't care so what I think of it
as I have no experience with it
wait no no what did i do what did i do
yeah I want to continue did i accent I
almost I almost got myself in the ninja
dog mode didn't I well that would have
been embarrassing
there is a ace in this game there is
actually a hidden easy difficult level
if you die enough they they ask you if
you want to give up the way of the ninja
and they they ask you to confirm this
twice and if you do the game is a lot
easier but you're forced to wear like a
pink ribbon on your arm which is sexist
but I don't care because it's funny
humor Trump's you were trouble sexism
though is that sexist as there should
that really be anything inherently sex
you know girly about pinky did you know
back in ye olden times that pink was
associated with boys and blue was
associated with girls
I know I'm sucking but I'm trying to
practice countering
I'm trying to get my timing
dammit god dammit
rich Evans is an MRA oh god no those
guys sound crazy
look I'm of the opinion that any
extremist is crazy
anybody who can advocate advocating rape
is a crazy man
and and if you're a woman advocating
rape then you're doubly crazy that's
right before they hit all right this is
why I'm practicing distance
Yeah right before the head I think I've
got it no maybe I don't there's a couple
times yep no it's night before
it's just a powerful attack
and I'm dead but I'm I'm I'm you know
I'm this is I'm dying because I'm
practicing
time to start playing for real again
alright here we go
hex
god dammit fire killed me fire killed me
that's thoughts on crazy fat Ethel - it
might be worth a go on your on movie
decks tonight fat crazy Ethel - is I
mean it's terrible I'm not gonna lie
it's absolutely terrible but it's
interesting which at the end of the day
is more important
shit all right
that time I was trying and I died so
there's some sucking going on rich what
what do you recommend I order at Burger
King whopper with cheese
no no pickles no ketchup that's what I
recommend you order
come on time I'm right into it there you
go
I know you're floating around your way
to just pop up
Hey
we're friends and they got friends oh
yeah
just act behind the door you're gonna
get unstuck so I can tell you properly
is that everybody you all dead finally
are we beyond this this embarrassing
shameful bit of my history
it looks like we've we've we've wandered
into the not extremely talkative phase
of the rich Evans soulless train much
it's usually most of the stream I'm not
good at filling time on my own I think I
think we all know this save I don't have
to worry about saving at this point
striker 1 1 2 1 I know it's a hard game
but I know in the past I'm the law I've
been a lot better at it this is a this
is a game that I actually love this game
quite a bit
which say something controversial all
right what am i said that's
controversial
greater what's his name again greater
fiend oku yes you're right this is Doku
the greater fiend oku and I do believe
this kid I think this came out before
attacking too close I could be wrong
about that good
Star Wars stolen the name from this I'm
gonna I'm gonna say that four hundred
percent sure any thoughts on the
preacher TV show preacher might be one
of my favorite comic books of all time
and they'll probably ruin it with a show
especially if the show is not r-rated
but I'd give it a shot at least they'll
never they'll never be a good preacher
show because they're never gonna let
themselves be as blasphemous as they
need to be to do preacher that would
offend the Christians that's that's the
point that's the entire fucking point so
you know what we'll see I I know nothing
and I know they've tried and failed to
make a preacher TV show dozens of times
so I'll have an opinion once they're
actually close to making something for
real
I said mr azad vacate for rape which is
false and here's here's the thing
there's probably plenty of moderate
people within the MRA still I think I've
seen things where people have said some
absolutely batshit crazy thing when you
when you give the danger with any kind
of political ideology or movement is
some people gravitate towards the
extreme they take something to the exact
extreme and whatever something goes in
the extreme it gets batshit crazy I
don't want anything to do with extreme
MRA extreme feminism also gets crazy
anytime I hear anything about patriarchy
I just I just roll my eyes and so I
think I think basically that the point
is just be a humanist don't don't don't
get any kind of crazy ideologies or
dogmas that you're that you're stuck
with just love everyone just love
everybody
pick pick any group and the extremes are
our fucking fucking psychopath
his foreign-policy
one of the only remaining
mr. glitch is making a Futurama
reference your excellency it's a beige
alert which you're not familiar Futurama
there's there's the neutral planet and
the joke is that everybody there is
neutral about everything but I'll tell
you I'll tell you this you can joke
around about the neutral planet all you
want they don't have crazy on the
neutral planet so maybe maybe as funny
as they are in their neutrality there
are some lessons to be learned here
it's ill mayor lll mayor I don't know
what's what what in your name is a
lowercase L or a capital I but you're
right heat death is the only real thing
next time next time I save which is
actually right here there's a statue in
here I'm gonna fix my camera because
it's gonna drive me nuts
what the fuck
and since I'm pausing I say where did we
leave off with this every 801 the binary
Sun necklace Taggard mixtone tired and
sad digital what does a digital digital
demi devil and wooly battle machine 3-2
to thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do hey you know
everyone's been thanked we're caught up
we're caught up with the Viking and I'm
gonna fix my damn camera
do you you guys need me to turn my my
sound down I can I could turn my sound
down
so rich Big Crunch versus heat death
well I believe they prevail I mean I'm
not a cosmologists so I'm not gonna be
able to give you an informed opinion but
it seems like the majority of
cosmologists these days are leaning
towards heat death and since they study
this shit I kind of I kind of have to
give it to them
back to the game I mean big crunch I
don't know that that's very likely big
crunch would require gravity to pull
everything back together but I mean the
universe has been going on for billions
of years and apparently the space is
just expanding faster and faster all the
time so I don't know I don't I don't I
don't have much hope for Big Crunch
which really out of all the ways the
universe can end is that that end that
is the the most hopeful option Big
Crunch because we get a big crunch then
conceivably you would have just you
might have another big bang that comes
out of that you were just having
universe that's constantly you know
blowing up not really that's not really
an explosion expanding and then
collapsing and then expanding and then
collapsing whereas heat death is just
the expansion just just keeps going and
never ends and eventually everything
gets cold and there's you've run out of
energy due to entropy and it's bad times
for life
I don't know that I can have a
meaningful conversation about heat death
and pay attention to the game though I
guess that might be what you would
prefer I don't know I can't speak for
you I just I was in that room already
yeah there is a school of thought that
reality could in fact be something like
like the matrix the the theory is that
there's only one actual universe that we
know of and can prove the one the one
we're living in and so if there's
there's one universe right and if
technology of computer technology can
get to the point where you could have a
reasonable facsimile a simulation
running of the universe like like just
some absolutely gigantic computers right
so if computer in computing begin to
that point where they could simulate a
universe in theory there would be many
more computers with simulations running
on the computer then there would be
actual real universes which is one and
if that's the case since there's many
more simulated universes than real
universes the odds are that we are
living in like like the sims like a fake
universe which i think is a really
interesting theory and hold on I think
I'm gonna have to start kicking some ass
in a second here
hold on hold on but there there are some
smart people who say there is a chance
that we are we are actually in some kind
of matrix now this wouldn't be like in
the movie matrix where we have real
bodies like sitting in a pod somewhere
and our brains hooked up to a computer
know in this and this in this theory
there is there is you don't even have a
brain that's hooked up to a computer
everything you are is simulated which I
heard somebody else bring up a point
then that if whatever beings are out
there that would make a simulated
universe that if there are religious
people they would they would conceivably
simulate a universe that actually has an
afterlife so even if there is no God if
we're living in a simulated universe we
still might have an afterlife and a soul
would just be a digital a digital
afterlife and a digital soul as
envisioned by some kind of alien
advanced race with ultra mega
supercomputers
damnit
Jackie fuck it I'm just gonna burn some
look shows life right now
so our natural disasters errors in the
code well if you're just trying to
simulate a universe you that physics
would just be a part of the simulation
and natural disasters happen because of
physics so yeah there would be natural
disasters it wouldn't necessarily be
programmed to have them it would just be
it could in theory be a part of the the
physics they have an aliens have created
for their universe also by the way this
this could explain lights be the
limitation on light speed that could be
that could just be the fastest this
alien computer can compute something so
that could be the reason nothing can go
faster than light in the universe and
interesting place
someday someday months from now I'm
gonna I'm gonna restream this and I'm
gonna fuckin kick everyone's ass and
it's gonna be glorious but for now we
have to deal with suck I'm sorry I'm
legitimately sorry
legit CEO
how could it make light then well light
light would be just a series of numbers
in a computer as part of the simulation
like like in this theory nothing that
you know is real nothing everything
everything would be numbers being run
through a gigantic computer in in this
theory
still tried it every time I think I'm
getting it back let Simon on the
converse back which is good is counting
is fun
door just opened yeah
rich how the hell do you find these
theories I like of a science and I like
I like watching YouTube videos about
science and and lectures done by smart
people like the old Tyson Neil deGrasse
Tyson or or oh god what's Krauss Krauss
Lawrence Krauss Lawrence Krauss yeah I
think it's Lawrence Krauss Bill Nye the
Science Guy
and of course stockings darkens I I
can't pronounce it
look I can't pronounce anything
yeah you do your grab twice I'm trying
to counter you huh you fucking selfish
die die for your sins against me
yes I like Carl Sagan too but for
obvious reasons he hasn't oh shit damn
it just looking at a jet for obvious
reasons yes and he hasn't made a new
video in a while
talking about science and her not
playing the game
I recall right we're gonna get our first
new weapon in here which I don't
remember how to use and that is no I
don't remember what any of the combos on
her so there's that but I'll switch to
it
for a variety sake until we get to the
challenge room at which point I want to
go with what I've gotten myself three
familiar with I think it's easy enough
to use
people hate Dawkins now honey it plenty
of people hate Dawkins anybody who wants
to teach bullshit religion in school as
science hits heads Dawkins anybody who
wants to believe that God made Adam and
Eve and evolution is false they hate
Dawkins
you kick butt you loosen the counters
artists fun I like the kick counter the
dragon sword we just kick him across the
room
people hate Dawkins because he's not
afraid to be rude about hating religion
like he he's not he's not going to treat
faith with respect just because he's got
to criticize him and anybody who has a
religion which is most people in this
world in this country can't stand him
for that
oh nice nice
everybody miss mrs. Christopher Hitchins
say what you will about him agree with
them or not
oh god is he clever
so modern gaming I'm waiting for a
button prompt that doesn't exist to get
up here
and I'm gonna die because I don't have
any long-range shit actually wait this
uh that was an arrow refill in here
isn't there
yeah it's a little too late lost a ton
of health of course are you fuckers
connects Ian says rich I went to Arby's
instead of Burger King what the fuck is
wrong with you
why would why would a human being
willingly go to Arby's when there's when
there's any other choice I mean what the
fuck
I ate doughnuts is what the fuck is
going on in this game why are you in a
dirigible so you can kill people of
course
uh-uh
dual the grab I try to counter just
deliver me a burner I'm gonna burn some
supplies fuck it
no I never will play M&M; beach party
I forgot to grab them wishes fuck
how many throats cuts can you survive
hey I'm a ninja I can survive all of the
throat cuts that's what it means to be a
ninja
is this a solo stream well based on the
fact that you have not heard jack at all
in the hour - that I have been going I
would say that yes this this is in fact
a solo street Oh Jack Jack is out of
town
which means you're stuck okay I'm sorry
it's just the latest these twin swords
are neat they really are
as 77382 sixes two thumbs up for rich
solo streams thank you I don't I don't
think they're earned I think my solo
streams are terrible I'm just trying to
talk and I'm bad at that without without
interaction I know I'm interacting with
you guys but I mean I got to look over
from the game to do it oh it's like it's
harder to play the game and do that
which that's what I'm going to blame in
my sucking tonight it's all it's all
because of that entirely
dr. slay na says rich are getting better
with every SodaStream thank you still
it's still hard to play a game and do
this really is rich how do you feel
about determinism you talk I'm assuming
you mean like in the in a sense of free
will or do we actually choose anything
or is everything just predestined may
some of the chemicals in our head
reacting as there they were going to
react ever since the dawn of time it's
not worth worrying about may or may not
have self-determine ism but worrying
about it won't change it one way or the
other you can you could make the
argument that like the choices you make
like even if it's determined it's it's
the choice you would have made and and
if if it weren't predetermined then if
if you would if you would or couldn't
shoes differently I mean that's just
because chemic of random chemicals
anyway I don't I meant I'm making much
sense I'm having a hard time
articulating something which is deep and
I'm trying to play a video game at the
same time what I'm saying that is even
if you don't even if your choices are
predetermined you could you could make
you could I suppose make the argument
that that determination that
predetermination is you and if you if
you could change that you wouldn't be
you if your decisions were all random
coin flippy things and not the choices
you would have made no matter what I may
be so help
it's not something I think about much
because it's not something I could
change one way or the other
all right this should be one of the most
fun fights in the game it's about
fucking grab those bullshit
you know what I'm gonna use some health
fuck it
I've gotten so bad at this game
dammit god dammit I didn't save after
that destroying that equipment today
I didn't wow this is this is a good
question question oh my god
25 cents rich are you alone at the
studio and if so are your pants off this
time
here's say here's the thing I am alone
at the studio but but I managed to find
a compromise you see right now I am I am
wearing pajamas well pajama pants I'm
wearing a regular t-shirt but you know I
brought pajama pants and I am very
comfortable in my pajama pants
this summer grab arrows I can't believe
I got to do all this shit again because
I was just because because I was stupid
because stupid
are they our alum pajamas no they're
just normal pajama pants I don't know if
they're really technically but you have
a pants they're just kind of they're
cozy pants they're not they're not like
jeans or dress pants or anything the
kind of thing you wouldn't wanna go out
to the store unless unless it's Walmart
then you'd fit right in
all right now we got to redo all this
shit I feel stupid I should feel stupid
what the fuck
die Nazi oh shit
he fell off the plane now I don't get
thing oh there's a the guillotine throw
is another movie do
why not having I'm not not even having a
logjam I swear to God I remember
throwing that guy off the balcony with
it
no I don't want to shoot that ha
whatever good point
why isn't their voice acting for this oh
I think I think at least when the
original came out I and that let me be
less so for them the actual version I'm
playing now but I think it was somewhat
less common ancient ancient video games
didn't didn't have that much of voice
acting and a lot of times that like like
the early voice acting in games they
didn't know to hire professional voice
actors yet so when you did get voice
acting it was like just some Schmucks
from the development house just throwing
their voice into a game there they were
making like I know one of the major
characters in thief Victoria she was one
of the devs she did a great job
mind you she was actually decent at it
but it wasn't like a voice actress they
went and found she was just hey can you
do this voice you know she's working on
something else on the game I said yeah
that right did I get turned around I
don't remember where I have to go
anymore
that's bad I don't think it's this way
though I think I'm headed the wrong way
yeah I gotta go up the stairs I think
yes like the original Resident Evil in
the the the the original was like an
earlier Xbox game
that's okay the door is open
and I'm going with sword I'm more
familiar with and I'm gonna try not to
suck this time God pissed myself off
we do better this time
laughs - ooh drop now did I get that but
the last upgrade not notice it unless I
don't remember the exact combo for just
three air hits and then doing better
this time
this might be a mojo back moment mojo is
going on and off tonight
oh you fucker
I hate those grabs that's not so good I
did not want to use help I wanted to get
through without but I'm not gonna
snacks twos next
ah
and use health bark comes one of those
captains I could have gotten some help
from him
oh no don't think we're leaving the
fucking room in the middle of the fight
that was by the door I didn't want to
use the door motherfucker I gotta do
that all again
well Colin just died violet just died
well some more health on this fucking
battle Jesus Christ
yeah fuck out my diet I and I use the
new home fuck it fuck it
it's exciting and I got I got the throat
slashed throat slashed
oh god well this is going great
we're doing spectacular spectacular
at least I saved that time I think I did
I hope I did yeah I got 15 euros I know
I did all right we're gonna get we're
gonna beat at that time and one of these
days I'm gonna redeem myself and then G
Gaiden big Redemption we'll have Jack
here so somebody can talk and my full
concentration can be on the game 100% of
the time
striker 1 1 21 says I've never met one
of these fundies rich keeps talking
about or even on progressive religious
folks against gay marriage etc most of
the religious people I know are cool yes
there are a lot of religious folks out
there I've never said they're all
terrible people the weapon I know for
the big battle variety be damned
ah I hate that move so much
and you met you may not know any of
these fundies yourself but somebody did
just recently try to shoot somebody at
day a drama Hamid contest
I think they failed I think they only
injured somebody before they were shot
down but I mean these people exist and
yeah most most people who are religious
are fine they're nice fine people you
could make the argument though that
they're just not following their
religion right in the Bible I think it
specifically says you are to be put to
death if you wear a clothes of combined
fibers like like you you should be put
to death for wearing polyester if you if
you go up in the Bible
I know I know religion gets a lot of
credit for morality but I actually think
it's people's morality that lets them
keep the Bible from making them act
immoral that's why some of that ancient
shit just gets ignored because they're
like Elizabeth is terrible somebody
shouldn't be put to death just for that
and you're your own morality supersedes
of the Bible's and I'm done with it now
because like I said most religious
people are fine people
check out that Pacific there we go
son of a bitch
different bazooka kill me
the person in the chat saying that
they're there needs to be a snake eyes
or Storm Shadow clothing option in this
oh god yes okay yes that would be
fucking awesome so if you're gonna have
snake eyes one of the one of the
projectile weapons wouldn't need to be
an Uzi you need to just add an Uzi to
the game
you know going back to fun days real
quick I know they're out there because
it's up in high school one of my fuckin
I died again one of my good friends her
mother was a real fun D she was one of
those who thought rapture was gonna
happen any second now and my friend she
she was not she was kind of a free
spirit and oh oh God that her mother
just make her life miserable for her oh
did I accidentally do ninja dog I'll
fuck it that's what I get for clicking
on X's while not looking at the screen
just do what I say
canceling that safe
um I'm starting to want to go onto
something else here I'm not saying I'm
gonna end the stream right now but I'm
gonna take a break and we come back I'm
going to consider a different game
alright we're pausing
