Episode 115
Dead Rising 2 - Rich Solo Run
May 30, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd7e1dIdbM0
___________________________________________

all right I am back
and
should be switching out this game here
gotta go back in the main menu you you
you consult you
hi jack I see you popped into the chat
there it was not a break taking a break
I had to make sure my meth wasn't gonna
blow up
so I'm gonna put in Dead Rising 2
because uh why not why not oh no the
game needs to install Oh hopefully the
supervisor liquori if it doesn't we'll
see we'll see we'll see what it does
installation of progress this is zero
percent I didn't poop I peeped can i
guide people up everybody pointing
attention to it just just come on I
didn't say hey Dead Rising 2 I said I
don't like it as much as the first one I
don't like it as much as the first one
but it's still enjoyable yes I know
about Dead Rising 2 off the record the
Frank West version I just I just don't
own that on the ps3 which is what's
hooked up right now I believe I ended up
getting it digitally on the Xbox 360
which I need I need to track down a hard
copy of the game I know any way you
slice it
rich tell us about Mike yeah he's he's
guy who does movie reviews on the show
called half in the bag and he made this
these these reviews done as a character
called mr. blanket he did a 17-minute
one on Phantom Menace is that what you
want to know about Mike that's Mike rich
am i a zombie movie fan yes but they
they gotta be slow
I don't like them fast zombies zombies
aren't jump scares zombies are creepy
zombies are philosophical horror more so
than a physical threat zombies are
zombies are the best metaphorical
representation of death I have ever seen
you you can't you can't run from it
it'll it'll get you sooner or later it's
not even it's not even personal if
they're just it's just they're just
doing what they do like like death it's
just gonna happen someday
it's inevitable you can't run from death
death will death will get you in the end
and in the zombie movies you always die
in the end fast zombies are just kind of
their kind of screamer monsters they
chase after you not it's I don't get the
same psychological terror out of the
fast zombie like I do with the slow
zombie even even though if I had to
actually deal with zombies in real life
I would you slow over fast because fast
would kill you quick
shoot death in the brain yeah here's the
thing though you shoot one zombie
there's a hundred more to replace it
you can't shoot them maybe not you know
in any meaningful way there you can you
can delay them you can delay death you
can delay the zombies from getting you
by shooting one or two but in the end
you will be overwhelmed the slow zombie
is all about siege warfare which is also
kind of horrific have I have I seen
aliens vs. predator - no I have not I've
only seen the first one after that I
didn't really see any point and catching
the second one
steel doors will stop zombies yes but
they'll also stop you you're gonna
you're gonna you're gonna be stuck
behind your steel door and you're gonna
run out of supplies and you're gonna
starve to death in the end in the zombie
movie one way or the other you die
we're at 62% installed terrible I don't
know why this is installing I had this
I've had this game on the PlayStation 3
before I don't think I deleted it
this is insanity
I guess the heat death of the universe
wouldn't kill zombies but it would also
kill you it's a good point you got yes
oh yes yes captain it pick I have read
World War Z oh is that a good book if
anybody hasn't read it World War Z is
great don't don't watch the movie the
movie is like not related to the book
like at all there might be some similar
names but oh that that book might be one
of the best zombie books ever written
second second to the some B's Survival
Guide by the same author Max Brooks lots
of lots of good advice at the Zombie
Survival Guide because the Zombie
Survival Guide I know people have
labeled it as like a parody as a joke as
satire but it's it's it's really not i
think it's just labeled that way because
he's Mel Brooks son they expect anything
that that his son would write to be a
comedy tube is Mel Brooks famous
comedian but but the Zombie Survival
Guide is kind of written as if zombies
were real if if there were zombies the
zombie survival guide would would have
good advice on how to deal with them but
yeah don't don't don't take the World
War Z movie as like oh yeah I know world
wars that you don't you need to read the
book you need to like bread kids bread
bread bread kid Brad Pitt's character
he's not even really a character in the
book technically he's the guy doing all
the interviews but he like doesn't do
anything during like the zombie
apocalypse it's all it's all written
from like histories perspective looking
at what happened survivors recounting
stories
and technically the guy who was the Brad
Pitt character I believe is the one who
would be interviewing everybody but he
doesn't really do anything in the book
other than that
rich you should read the Martian check
it out if Karen keeps telling me that
Karen absolutely loves the Martian when
when Karen was on a stream she was
selling the hell out of that Brook
Dead Rising 2 is loading
which I I'm going to assume then all my
saved data is gone to why I have to
imagine I don't know what the fuck
happened I certainly didn't go out of my
way to delete this game but here we are
here we are
is there no sound
why is there no swell why is there no
sound there's just cool it's just maybe
just quiet I think it's just quiet I've
turned it down on my TV just in case and
it flares up suddenly if you guys oh I
do have saves I'll go from a new game
anyway fuck it
yeah if you guys can't hear sound let me
know I'll try and fix it
so I need to turn this out
hey too loud I'm getting no sound that
I'm getting too loud
don't forget to include your next again
her name is Katie well some people are
saying they heard some people aren't
there we go we're good okay
I won't be long
I've now got it cranked up to make it a
little louder all right there
all right that's that's as loud as I can
make it without without maybe stopping
the stream and restarting it
does the girl get heat well that's
that's a good question they took our Las
Vegas but tonight America we're going to
get a little payback
and now this is the best America's most
dangerous game show
well America are you love me for a
little teller
because tonight give it to them I've
been poking these zombies all Beach
Manna Dey pissed-off contestants almost
ready
flash and them a little message you
gotta be willing to risk it all April
ever really
all right for anybody new to this
this is Dead Rising 2
and the lead the dead rising zoo
universe isn't quite
it's not really the zombie apocalypse
it's kind of like there are zombies but
they're they're kind of managed like if
you get bitten by a zombie if you can
infect them there's actually like a
vaccine you can take that really a
vaccine but like up a medicine you can
take that will keep you from turning
into a zombie called Zombrex
and as part of this world where zombies
are managed there is a zombie game show
where you kill zombies like American
Gladiator
I thought you were immune to zombies in
the skate well for gameplay reasons yeah
every zombie that bites you isn't
instantly infected but you can in this
universe as you can get info
yes this game does have zombie rights
activists the dead lies in university
debt rise in solution it is having fun
with zombies
people
the bondage is just beginning
so right now
rich not three that one is serious yeah
afraid of that
I haven't played three yet but
everything about it
I lost my family and will a man but
rather just have him back
hey do you know where the green rooms
are yeah take the elevator up before and
then straight down the hallway you can't
miss it
all right so somebody's asking if the
first dead rising game is good yeah the
first dead rising game is great I
personally prefer dead rising 1 - Dead
Rising 2 but that's that's because it's
more brutal it's a bit more difficult
continuity wise there's no absolutely no
good reason you can't start with two two
has entirely different characters you're
not you're not the same protagonist that
you used in Dead Rising 1 I don't think
I don't think any of the characters
carry over so pick pick a dead rising
game just just not Three's everyone I
haven't played three but everyone
everyone says it's bad
different question what is my favorite
zombie movie my favorite zombie movie is
off the record off the record is dead
there's game called Dead Rising 2
off-the-record which when when Dead
Rising 2 came out there were people who
were upset including me that there was a
new protagonist because Frank West is
the protagonist the first game and he's
kind of a fun kind of part sleazebag
part reluctant hero and Dead Rising 2
you're like Generic motorcross guy and
his personality is I have a daughter
his story's alright but I mean he's not
as fun a character so they made
something called Dead Rising 2 just kind
of like the director's cut of the first
dead rising only with the main character
of Dead Rising 1 which fond of it but I
mean it's a bit weird cuz I played the
regular Dead Rising 2 first it was like
weird seeing the remixed version of
everything you got in off the record
which would kind of Donovan dan yeah uh
I don't even know whichever one I have I
don't even remember which one it is it's
probably the only one I I've seen for
awhile I imagine what I have is like
some kind of director's cut so goodnight
so they made something off the record
was the version of Dead Rising 2 they
made with with Frank West's the main
character I didn't say that that's
stupid
it was called Dead Rising 2 off the
record that's that's the version of this
game from the first month
have I seen the trailer for Death of
Superman lives the documentary about Tim
Burton's Superman movie I have and I
really want to see it I'm very curious
about that movie both both the
documentary and the movie documentaries
about so
Oh
I'm not sure if my copy of Dawn of the
Dead is the directors copy one if
directors cut or not I mean I don't
refer dirty since I don't recall it
might even be the regular version unless
it's trouble notice the directors gonna
pretend I washed it so box
but the honest answer is I'm really not
sure which one
Dead Rising vision I don't believe I can
save any of these early people
hey Katie
get off
Katie it's me it's daddy
hey Katie Katie listen to me you need to
stay calm nothing subtle about this hang
on tight
yeah there's one zombie you just ran
through a hallway of them what the fuck
you care if there's one there now
zombie scum
okay god this one's worse than my first
feels a lot choppier
maybe the xbox version is different I
don't know there needs to be richest a
kid in this game you know when I was a
kid my my mother was very fond of horror
movies like like family family time and
in her and her mind was was gathering
the family together to watch like Friday
the 13th part 4 that was family time for
my mother and as I was pretty
desensitized to horror movies but only
only ones that ever freaked me out
within sobbing movies I mean the concept
is just so so dark so depressing
basically if you're a designing woman
you're fucked you're just fucked come on
fat-ass pull that guy off your girl
plugs up nothing no you can just spot
them and yank up up
fuck it coward
we're gonna have to take our chances in
there
my name is Jana well I mean if it were
just me playing a game and J was hanging
around I feel like JJ likes having a
conversation with me and Jack and if it
were just me and I'm gonna grouse the
video game and he would just be sitting
there awkwardly trying to fill dead air
oh yeah that'd be stupid is this a no
deferent no no I'm I'm not familiar
enough with to I've I could pull it off
but I'm not gonna claim this as a no
death run I would I will probably die on
the first one
I can't get a signal why why can't I get
a signal she she was she was looking
right at me and they had her and I I
couldn't do anything
she went down without a sound and I I
have to get out of there I just
it's not like it's not like we talked
about it ahead of time for anything Jays
just not here
he was here he was here all morning
working on stuff so Katie's all grown up
in Dead Rising 3 what does Dead Rising 3
take place
listen it's an existing condition right
it's okay it happened a long time ago
it's only a matter of time before she
turns hey don't worry I've got some
bricks yeah well you better have a lot
because there ain't none here and the
rescue ain't coming for three days three
days yeah anybody just tuning in you you
just miss miss than you're used to
quarantine the city that plans plan that
from like 6:30 toller's flight so nice
or so that's the standard procedure so
we're stuck here there's a couch in the
security room why don't you take her in
there it's quieter
Thanks yes Zombrex is the zombie it
keeps you from turning into a zombie if
you're infected you have to keep taking
some bets Zombrex
for the rest of your life it's a great
name isn't it
ninja gayden Ninja Gaiden whatever I
don't care how it's pronounced I know
it's a guidance but when I was a kid it
was I always pronounce it as game that's
how I read it as a child so that's what
it is in my head I know differently
intellectually but it's easy to slip
back into calling a ninja gaiden is
supposed to guide
the Lakka I I miss Frank Western Chuck
Chuck Chuck yours he's no Frank
he hasn't covered Wars but you know what
he has a daughter still have time he
cares about his daughter you let me
worry cuz you don't you know you don't
need an especially strong personality if
you have a daughter if you have a a
child to take care of and that's not a
commentary on the Last of Us I know
someone's gonna think I just think in
this game it's like lazy in this game
particularly specifically just lazy
characterization doesn't need a
personality's he's got it he's got
daughter it's personality he's got to
die
there's closed-circuit cameras all over
the city
he's monitor does he have but does he
have a culture Jackie loses his culture
is motocross Jack he has a daughter and
motocross because he has a bike some
motocross keep an eye on my daughter
okay
all right now if I wanted to do a no
death run I could just stay in here okay
but I have to talk to you to get like
the the radio so I can go on or did I
already get it remember
gotta find the secret axe exit
if you sent me a copy of The Last of Us
would I stream it I don't know maybe
it's it's become too much of a
hot-button issue at this point
the last of his fans were are so violent
and and mean I think there would be a
stigma a cloud overhanging the stream
and it probably just wouldn't end well I
think if I didn't suck the game off
there'd be like a riot I'm even I'm even
mildly curious to play it to tell you
the oddest truth but the fans were just
such assholes about it
and I'm not gonna know I'm not gonna
hate stripping stuff would be stupid
I'm not even 100% sure I hate it the
only thing I ever said about about the
game is that it didn't it didn't look
like something that would interest me
which i think is a perfectly fair
statement - bacon doesn't look like
something that would interest me damn
but that's that's hate speech that's a
nice speech
oh I can't get in there yet that's
bullshit
where do I get the key for that door I
don't even remember
where do I get the keys in the door I
don't remember advice from the
pharmacist I don't
this game takes place in a casino a
giant casino ESCA vegas complex
obviously I'm not in the casino area I'm
in some kind of weird mall area but uh
there's definitely some casino action
these these zombies seem useless limits
are there making a flick interview
reference yes yes you do cut them down
like butter well that's that's kind of
the point the approach these games take
this is just a zombie funhouse have fun
beat them zombies that's the that's the
philosophy oh god I miss Frank West I
could you could you could
body slam zombies and all sorts of fun
things Chuck doesn't do that
Chuck's not as fun no there is no wacky
killer clown in this me there's a lot of
fun aspects of this game when I when I
get to the cave that fucking door I'll
show you one of them but yeah this
there's a lot of things I like more in
Dead Rising one
come on don't lie to me does this game
have don't okay
dirtbag let the lady go why don't you
mind your own business old man exactly
what I'm doing I'm just here looking for
some Zombrex well you're definitely
gonna need some painkillers I'm done
with you
we're talking to you is giving me a
headache oh yeah
what say you give me some money and I'll
go get some for you yeah give us some
money grandpa we'll help ya how about it
grandpa you got any money okay so
somebody says is there is there tension
in this game outside of the cutscenes
there isn't the first one the first one
is all about dealing with the the time
limit don't have time to do everything
if you try you're probably gonna fail at
this you have to you have to make
decisions about who you want to save and
do you want to continue the main story
you want to save that large group of
people the second one because a lot of
people didn't like the difficulty of the
first one they made this one super easy
it's it's not that hard with just a
little bit of familiarity with the game
to save everybody and continue the met
to do with the whole main quest it's
it's not that hard first one is somebody
else in the chat says they just scrolled
up a long time ago now that they just
remembered the wheelchair weapon in this
game and how could I not love this game
I do love this game just not as much as
the first one I mean I think I think the
environments in this game are more fun
the casino is a great location but
design was the first one is just a a
well well may
precision Swiss watch I mean all these
gears fit together perfectly with the
timing and I mean if you if you are
super good at the first one you can just
barely save everybody and do the main
quest but you have to be super good to
do it it's super hard to escort
survivors this one it's it it's like a
digital watch you just you just do it
it's easy I'm actually you know what I
guess I gave her a weapon so she can
defend herself I didn't need to do that
because in the second game survivals are
just survivors straight to the move that
way they'll just run straight to the
safe house with you spoiled I won't use
a crowbar alright fine do you have
orange juice here somewhere I need food
yes you do
jackpot
what is it
if I give you this burrito will you give
me back my crowbar we have a deal
yes we do all right hurry up yeah hurry
up damn it
keep it moving
probably I'm probably not gonna have to
ask she's just gonna run right behind me
I'm not gonna have to worry about her no
problem easy peasy run straight to the
the save house no problems she only got
crappie
oh yeah she got free of those guys on
her own okay
look how easy this is I don't have to I
don't have to go stop and babysit at all
which I know most people like that I
know I get it I get it but it's just so
easy why would you even bother
you saving Aaron's swoop in dead rising
ones that's an accomplishment in and of
itself is he scared he stops he'll pee
his pants and the zombies grabbed me
can't get past the zombies you have to
you actually have to take care that
doesn't happen near as often in this I
know she just got caught but I mean in
general it's a lot easier to rescue
survivors look she got out her own he
just got out on her own
I did nothing
ah crap still have a key
I need some deep actually I might love a
lot after saving her
Richard you think he can do another
shovel knight' run through it sometime
we'll probably do that I don't think I
have ever stream shovel knight' I think
Jack has been the only one to ever play
that on stream where on earth did you
find him
nevermind I don't want to know there's
still people alive out there
will we do a do ministry yeah I'm
waiting I'm waiting for Jack to actually
be in the room with because jack is the
one really why mean I want to play to it
I mean Jack really wants to play that
game so we're you know we're waiting to
the group stream when what everyone can
be around
I leveled up and I got like the worst
thing you can level ranged attack
increase off fucking thanks fucking
fucking thanks thanks a fucking lot I
got time to kill
forget how to get that door open
can you get a Lego head in this one rich
technically those weren't Lego
headscissor those are some kinda those
are a Mega Man character from Mega Man
Legends you know I know that's that's
it's being able I think they're in this
game too
I want to get in that room that utility
room damn it
I know I know this is this got to be a
story thing at some point I forget where
it is the good white it is I think it's
relatively early
rescue
which do you have a favorite dinosaur
doesn't everybody loves the t-rex in
that kind of it by default
and this one who does that
spin around that's great believe it or
not there is a use for money in this
case and it sounds crazy I know but yes
there is a use for money
a secret area trying to fit exactly
I gotta get up I got a Janet Jackson I
gotta get on the stairway
which if you could being reincarnated as
any animal human being why the fuck
would I want to dump animal lives in the
woods house Paton the freedoms not a
human being
all the way
I know I'm gonna run I was in like grade
school some kind of question they asked
in the class I think you bless everybody
kind of animal would you be
I said you know even even when I was
like like six my answer was a human duh
gotcha
alright see your daughter in this game
requires on bricks every now and then so
that's a constant gameplay thing if you
don't want to die you've got to find
this stuff and they don't make it easy
to find and bring it to her
saying that it defeats the spirit of
your question I don't care that's that's
always been my answer since I was six
gonna load you human
rich confirmed for unn creative no it's
I would say rich confirmed for humanists
there you go
be a Falken of some sort so I can like
like live a couple years and then die
eat a bunch of bugs in the woods a
couple a couple of raw mice yeah no no I
don't want to be a falcon
rich confirmed for idiot for not wanting
to be an animal hey you know if you want
to be a mouse or something that's that's
your business that seems kind of stupid
to me
remembered you can give her that but I
don't remember where you get the list of
things she would want there was one of
those things that's just supposed to be
common sense I don't remember
so to earlier give me your shit
and I still too early hey ma my
brother's a hex because I wanted ax
what's sci-fi alien what I want to be we
wouldn't want to be a Ferengi
there's just no one likes Frankie come
on Klingons just kind of dumb violent
Psychopaths
the Vulcans devoid of emotion I would
want that
now there's the asari in Mass Effect's
now granted you'd have to be a chick but
they live for like 2,000 years so that's
pretty sweet it's not a question I've
thought about
although me
just pick us on use to the first
uprising but the camber feels funny
you
rich if you could be any sci-fi robot
which would you be you guys are just
cool
certainly not the cherry 3000
2009 3000 what are cool
this game looks kind of like well you
know I think it's a little lame compared
to the first one it's a little bit a
little bit too easy a little bit too
easy I'll show you some fun stuff as
soon as I get that fucking key
this way
rich do you ever be challenged 6in
vanquished no some of them are hard SARM
says rich if you could rich any rich
witch rich rich rich rich rich
definitely rich
Oh fuckin corner fucking idiot how do
you get left behind how do you get left
behind how do you do that you were right
there
Keith Gordon
favorite boss in blood-borne isn't that
especially hard but father Gary scone I
still don't know how you pronounce his
damn last name but just the story behind
them around him is so dark and it's a
fun fight easy fight but it's a fun
fight but still too early to give you
your fucking medicine yep
Gus coin that sounds weird
his name is Prowse guess coin but guess
key ole it's got Gascoigne ragazze coin
weird
you're stuck at the lost in Technicolor
you're stuck at the Blood star of beast
goddamn yeah I was two for like two
solid fucking days he is a pain in the
fucking ass get used to countering he
does that one claw swipe really easy to
counter also once she get him down to
those like a 2/3 health watch his
posture when he he does this thing where
I kind of like pauses and scratches down
that's what it is about to leap on you
and do that like that movie it's
basically an insta-kill
I mean not really you might have like a
little gonna help left and died right
afterwards because the poison just just
look at his posture when he when he
pauses for a second get out of the
fucking way
yes I love blood-borne I'm still playing
a lot of blood bar
I guess that won't watch everything
resolves revolves around that fucking -
can I give her a goddamn medicine yet so
we can continue the story
Katy's not gonna die I got like I got
like plenty of time in dead rising time
I've got I've got forever
do I think Jay would like the visual
body horror design in quake 4 I can't
speak on how he would like the design
III do think he would probably be amused
by that section that's one giant spoiler
like a third to half way through the
game and I if you've played quake 4 you
know exactly what I'm talking about
they're not saying she's gonna die
they're hoping oh that's mean that's
mean can't continue the story if she
dies hey honey I told you I'd get some
Jean Rex
see that wasn't so bad dad sure our
daddy's girl
I mean it's it's a lame substitute for
characterization I still don't like
letting her diet
and I don't need the fucking saves fuck
that shit
fuck that shit
rich confirm for I'll see your the hurt
yeah because you know caring about the
lives other people's is so lame it's
gonna say somethin Avengers to spoiler
what can i play Maximo to I go out of my
way to save everybody are not always
successful easy for people to die in
that gory stage 5 survivors that you can
always bottom always that makes me a
pussy complete bull Soviet so bid don't
don't worry cosplay I stop myself from
saying anything
there will be no no Avengers I'm going
to wait for Avengers 2 discussions no
I'm going to at the very least wait
until the next half in the bag is on
which one modestly should be very
shortly after I lost my wife rich will
you ever stream in Ontario sittin on
your butt being so
I fuckin hate the Atari 2600 and I grew
up with it I grew up with it and I have
noticed on Jeff ugly awful machine we
were in town protesting that awful show
you are on do you believe me I don't
know what to believe you sure don't seem
like a terrorist and I know we weren't
involved look we have three days before
the military rolls in that's how much
time I have to prove I'm innocent with
the reporter the one at the hotel the
tape she had it's a complete fake she
said she had a source whoever that is
must know more I need to find out where
she got it she said she was in the hotel
I'll keep an eye on your daughter I
won't say anything to her
I'm ste I miss the elevator music from
the first game didn't edit under under
under said antenna dum da-dum da-dum I
made a wrong turn
I definitely made a wrong turn
yes
stupid safehouse lost I'm lost of this
babies this rats maze Oh No
help me with my problems
what
well I play demon souls or well I just
let Jack play ah we'll play it by ear I
mean Jack I know jack is really looking
forward to it so I mean if he's if he's
enjoying it I'll just let him keep
enjoying it I mean the copy we have is
on oh god I finally got the key the copy
we have is on the ps3 and he doesn't
have a ps3 so when we stream it'll
probably be the only opportunity he gets
to play it so I'm probably just gonna
let him go nuts I'm sure I'll play it on
my own at some point but the stream may
end up being all Jack well we'll see
we'll see he if he gets tired of it I'll
take over a bit I'm not gonna force the
issue
zombies like like we've been fighting
all game but now now we have to do
something about it we didn't before for
some reason
so rich growing up are you a Genesis man
or assess I I was by 16-bit Yule either
either is fine though I in in general
maybe slight preference for the Ness
Ness had a more comfortable control pad
to use like I don't know what they were
thinking with that crazy Genesis 3
button thing I mean that's just weird
alright so spread around these games in
these maintenance rooms and you can
combine items like there was a box of
nails on the table now I'm going to
combine that with a baseball bat
and you get
Oh a nail bat so you can you can
experiment and just combine whatever you
find lying around though I believe if
you find the blueprint you get more
points for more prestige points for
using them or more durability or
possibly both I don't remember which
spiked bat is like me a better more
powerful version of the regular bat
materials
I got a bucket something else was that
snack
are you just a snack
and at this point I don't hardly
remember what all of the combos are but
there's a fair number power drill
Wow
don't need that some way
and a bucket
yes Jack is gone for the whole week
I might not even stream Sunday I don't
know I'll see what's going on
like I don't I don't have the blueprint
for this so I'm not gonna get as many
points for using it as I normally would
but you can make you can from the start
you can make any comp over the game
excellent
all right so I just put those those
drills
parlez how I had one drill but
apparently this three now and I I put
them in a bucket right see the Dead
Rising games like I've said before all
about having fun with the zombies
sledgehammer do I still have it my don't
have in a million victory but I can go
grab I can go grab another one there's
another thing we can make that's neat No
you'd get me an axe that's what we're
gonna do yeah sort of don't need that
they want
jack is out of town he'll be back next
Wednesday
no there's an accent here but I picked
one up earlier where where's the fucker
spawn I don't remember exactly where it
spawns there it is all right back to the
drawing board like like literally
didn't edit and Durant editor yeah I
miss the excuse me
Dead Rising one music
yeah talking about the tigereye I don't
even know if we're gonna get there
Oh God look at that sledgehammer with
what smacks that great how come it's
weird because I'm wearing that I'm
listening to the game to the TV so I
didn't hear the delay but it's quiet I'm
still hearing the delay in my headphones
and I hit things and I just very quietly
in the background I hear the noises from
like swinging a bat and it sounds like
there's somebody in the other room and I
know I should be here alone unless
unless I opened the door right now and
there's like something horribly creepy
going on outside which I suppose that's
always possible
hey rich are you Mitch revans on reddit
no I am never on the reddit I certainly
don't have a name on reddit so know that
it's not me
might be somebody pretending to be me I
don't know but no stay right there I
just found a blueprint for a different
set of weapons my way you some beasts
and will defile you
at this point I'm not really I mean I
don't even care about the story right
now I think I'm just at this point I am
just having fun
games can be bad
it was a boxing glove fluffing I think
any boxing gloves
exactly I need something
defilers pretty opine
which Evans wants to defile Sunday's
yeah doesn't everybody but that was the
whole point
sweet rich have you ever thought about
making your own comic yeah when I was in
high school oh not not seriously I liked
that kick at the end of that
so were we oh you know what trying
chainsaw weapon tech like me some
chainsaw
I've got again shouldn't everybody let's
get out of this area
yeah frame rates downright bad
I mean if it's not expensive I'll try
and get the steam version of this I
would love to see the first dead rising
on PC because that that game needs to
fucking be preserved
I know there's elevator music in the
background but it's not the same
elevator music I don't think it's the
same elevator music I'll have to I don't
know what I'm not streaming all now
listen to it I don't know but I know the
first dead rising had that deadened a
dun dun duh dun duh dun dun dun dun dun
duh dun duh dun dun that's what I miss
yeah I would love to see the first dead
rising your master that'd be the shit
kick the sloppy it's the best thing ever
so we're now out on the strip it's a
zombie Highway
yeah I'm trying to read the sign zombies
there we go
paddle saw don't fuckin panel saw yeah
yep lost my lost my gloves shame shame
it's not the not the one where I get the
need to find that or I know this uh
Matt's room around here somewhere oh
that was the one right near here
yeah
a chainsaw here yes there is this is one
thing Dead Rising 2 as over Dead Rising
1 the combo weapons are great
kill her why why do I think I'm
streaming what my teeth Oh what do I
think of Shadow of the Colossus I need
to play it outside of this room
it seems fine
love the look of it love the my little
Colossus
guess there's no jump Swiper
as opposed to rescuing people which is
kind of neat actually
all right next story today we're off to
the next story on my own time I'm
definitely gonna have to revisit the
dead rising bush and you know I need a
full playthrough of both of these now
the question is do i do Dead Rising 2
and off the record or do i do Dead
Rising 2 or off the record
I don't know
as far as bytes and being immune to the
zombies rules aren't quite the same the
zombies in this game are actually a
parasitic wasp that infects your brain
which I don't know if it's ever made
entirely clear that whites are the
actual source of the trend of being
zombie or if you could just or if it's
just like a wasp must fly into you or
something I don't know it's not entirely
clear wanna spoil things either way Dead
Rising one they go and they go into this
kind of stuff a little bit more there
yes parasitic wasps if you don't like
himself it's weird
I thought it was weird when I first
heard about it you know in the game and
I got to that section the important part
the important thing is some B's that's
at the end of the day that's what
matters if somebody in the chip hasn't
made the obvious joke they are zombies
I'm assuming somebody's made that joke
it was the first thing I thought of way
back one
it's just awful
really
I think I actually want
was that Maggie
because I'm being homeless
endo kromm says I'm late has the most
recent Star Trek death but it covered
who damn somebody died the most recent
one I know is Leonard Nimoy
yeah got some two or three who are safe
fuckin I'll save over whatever that is
if you're if you're if you're just
talking shit endo crime you it works now
I want to know did somebody die Trek
did Shatner finally find humility in the
afterlife Michelle in the coals no more
Oh Oh Janice ran died oh that's sad
III have no thoughts on it I I as first
this is the first I'm hearing about it
if you're not trolling about that by the
way
probably not I don't know you know I'm
never sure I'm assuming you're being
honest
can you make a ranged weapon in this
game yes you can I don't remember what
all the combos are off the top my head
and you can find some regular old guns
but as a general rule the melee stuff is
more fun you need to pay attention out
here buddy
Janus ran was 85 how old is everyone
else how old's Michelle Nichols and Sulu
from the security video
jeez I thought you'd be long going by
now
since you're sticking around here to
answer a few questions
I'm not your story lady I didn't have
anything to do with the outbreak right
sure you didn't
and that tape showing you tampering with
the cages was a fake I had nothing to do
with this my daughter and I barely got
out of there alive
I need to know where you got that tape
from and who your sources reporters
don't reveal their sources shucks that's
privileged information
privileged my ass that wasn't me on the
tape I'm being set up
why should I believe you you don't have
to but you want the big story right help
me out and I'll give you an interview
with the prime suspect it has to be an
exclusive sure doesn't matter to me I
can't tell you my source but there is a
central security room they'll be footage
of everything that happened there I can
show you where it is well that's a start
at least are we gonna need your crew
they ran off with all the equipment I
guess they just didn't want it bad
enough yeah I know the show was on in
the 60s I'm just kind of shocked that uh
yeoman Rand was like the oldest member
of that cast at least at least well I
was gonna say at least among the ones
that are still alive but she's not
anymore as of a week ago I had no idea
she was the oldest cast member and you
know what there's Rebecca Chang III no
he wasn't going to be the protagonist
but I don't understand why the hell
Frank West wasn't in this game as just a
a non-playable reporter character that
seems so strange to me
especially since he was a fan favorite
as soon as the kitties say
Hey
frank west is really ugly yeah that's
that's the point he's not handsome big
hero he's some he's some sleazy schlub
that's that's part of what makes Frank
West great
no no Rebecca I don't need to take a
rest list it's called carry on with our
goal you're kind of hot though
i I'm is Frank West jump kick of doom
look at that that's terrible
you drop your weapon when you do it
Frank West knew how to kick his way
through a horde of zombies Frank West
could barehand this game goddamnit
Chuck Chuck is just he's just not up the
task
he needs weapons I can't I can't suplex
zombie I can't rip one's head off my
bare hands now electric rakes go a long
way towards making up for that but I I
miss Frank and I'm gonna have to replay
off the record
damn yeah yeah chain chainsaw motor
bikes do go a long way towards making up
for things still
I don't I don't have off-the-record here
to play she's gonna be honest with you
Street probably had too much on the ps3
I just have Dead Rising 2 vanilla-y if I
have the the xbox360
I could play Dead Rising 2 off the
record but it's not what I got
look at how look at how tough the escort
missions are in this game wow that's so
difficult look look she just runs
through with no problem at all why
haven't I even have it in the game look
look the Katy they can't grab her that's
terrible
there's no challenge in it
here let me try
don't bother it's locked you've got some
interesting skills for a reporter
no one ever got an award playing by the
rules
Wow looks like somebody didn't like the
show much
dammit there's nothing here that we can
use
everything's been destroyed
no zombie did that there may not be
anything here to clear your name but it
definitely proves someone's covering up
what really happened you believe me now
let's just say I'm intrigued
what is it what's wrong I'm on my way
wait who is that
Stacey Forsythe the leader of cure
I guess I'll meet you there
oh this just gets better
so I ate Donuts a saying rich are you
saying you missed the fuck up Aaron
swoop from the first game here's the
thing as as as much of a pain in the ass
as he is to rescue it's so satisfying
when you can do it it really is when you
when you manage to pull that off and and
that that whole group he's with you got
the you know like the crippled woman and
and whatnot and you if you get them all
the safe Falls it's like yeah I did it
you don't you don't get that in in this
game somebody wanted to see machete and
draw where's machete and coming up it's
gonna be a broom and broom broom goes
the dynamite and
bring it on no I can't I can't okay I
can't inventory the electoral wreck our
little big deal that's not a Babylon
raid you stop the music
yeah it's fine you don't get many points
for it I give it I give it a a five out
of ten no yeah yeah I'm not that big on
the push broom Fischetti
I'm sorry I'm sorry
is is the game FPS trapping or is the
stream getting lag spikes I'm not sure
because I'm not watching the stream but
I know I know it doesn't look like the
best frame rates while playing it so I'm
gonna blame game if I don't know how bad
the play rate is that you're actually
good
yeah
do they have yeah I'm building one last
weapon her I'm getting ready to call it
a night though just give you guys a
heads up
let's do this
this is our depth wheelchair
there's no way to get somebody in the
chair if somebody were in the chair that
would put it over the top
nature's one last there we're gonna see
if a certain boss battle is available
that will probably end the stream after
I give the shout outs of course where do
that get soft on you guys
I don't think it is though
so the staff in Russia
no I don't think it's available yet
otherwise I would have done okay okay
double sure it's not in this point
I tried
if I played the next-gen dead rising no
don't own it and looks it looks kind of
boring relatively speaking so alright um
who we got we're done I leave off once
again leftover beefcake this is this is
great
this really is great this program you've
made for us split us mister glitch
crocodile brain el Ronco Lord Belmont
and a ruse thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate
