Episode 122
Star Trek - The Point & Click (Part 1)(ReallY)
June 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnGM3aGdOYM
___________________________________________

we're here is what you're saying yes not
we're not just going you think I said
what do you think I meant huh
we're not going anywhere we're here we
made it our destination we make it on
time no I think I said 7:30 8:00 oh why
did you say 7:30 8:00 we usually sort of
date anyway that's a year that's so
weird
I thought I'd get here a little earlier
obviously I didn't you gotta give
yourself a little leeway you know I'm
not very good at that I'm why I'm just
waiting to see if we are screaming I see
people say that we're screaming we see
advertisements I don't nobody hear us
say anything yeah probably not
are they hearing advertisements I don't
know I don't know what they're hearing
they might hear those advertisements oh
I hear us hello everybody how are you
doing today
you guys were smashing childhood cancer
with the awesome power of video games
what that's the ad boy oh oh hold on oh
I'm just doing an audio test to make
sure we sound okay and while I do audio
test to make sure we sound okay I'm
going to send out our tweets I guess
another time rich why are you telling
what we're playing Oh
see if there's a screen up on the window
that shows exactly what we're playing I
don't know I should I should I assume we
have blind viewers you should assume we
have blind viewers we're playing the
slappy happy friends it's it's a game
where you play as a squirrel that runs
around and he collects nuts for the
winner it's gonna sound an awful lot
like like like William Shatner and
Leonard Nimoy yeah but that's just some
weird audio thing there's a there's a TV
playing in the background of the slappy
game the whole time and it's playing
star tracker Thank You Rach you're
welcome we sound great everything sounds
great all the time I'm gonna go blow my
nose
you should do that don't give me your
goddamn airplane cold it's too bad
you're gonna get it yeah I know I'm
gonna get it cuz you're leakin snot all
over the place
how's everyone doing how's everyone
doing how many of you guys were we're at
my my tragic Dead Rising no death run oh
man that hurt that was that was a kick
square to my nuts Cortis square to
Slappy's nuts that's what that was
I basically all right Monday just on a
whim I did a Dead Rising 1 no death best
ending run and I was I was like halfway
through day 3 I got through all the
nasty the nasty bomb stuff and I was
basically though the whole run was on
the rails at that point and fucking xbox
froze on a loading screen well I I
hadn't been saving up at that point
because I didn't want to override my
pre-existing save because I'm starting
from scratch I want to start from level
1 sure so lost everything lost
everything I'm very sorry yeah I'll do
it again I'm going to do it again at
some point you're gonna do and you're
gonna win this time oh yeah I would have
won that time I was right there man
he's gonna escort Isabella to her room
run a few other errands everyone every
survivor was either saved or dead very
few died I saved most most everybody
that's great how long did I play for I
was close to 7 hours oh you need to
mutant we're just close out there yeah
sorry everybody
what do you wait you're tweeting I'm
tweeting what's happening but it was it
was a beautiful run I'm dead right it
sounded beautiful yeah yeah III made it
up to like level 40 something and the
game was just started just a starting to
become really fun y'all mock some of the
fun
the face crusher or the gut Ripper
you can punch into a zombie zombie
stomach and rip their intestines out
that's its function that sounds great
you can you can zombies here on the
ground you can like pick them up at the
legs and swing them around or you can
lift their head off just start unlock
the fun stuff I was getting great I was
I was gonna finish up the main story
missions and I was just gonna have like
a good good hour worth of game time
where I'm just gonna be screwing around
them all having fun and then fucking
xbox had fries I am here now oh also
Elvis Elvis said he recent scribed at
the end of your stream on Sunday Elvis
Elvis thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated and yes I'm here with
rich I'm not skyping in today it's a
normal Wednesday good to be back in the
swing it's a Normie it's a Normie yet we
had some no death runs we had some
special guest Collins now we're back to
North just plain old normal how do you
have them leftover beef cakes thing yeah
I should be back or somewhere oh did it
get closed I hand up
well I'll scroll up and catch those
people Oh make sure it's running now I
swear to god that was up oh well get it
up something close to closed it get it
up there it is thank you
tragic we mixed we missed s packs poor
spax poor expects for loss let's get him
oh well no in the end is John begun we
got I don't know I just opened it
hello Draco thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
Mario Mario 42 thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it jean jean
pegasion become and specs for thank you
for subscribing we really appreciated
it's true how do I enjoy my new sister
bear wife I told everybody you were
getting married to a bear because you're
trying to make a political statement
about bears or about marriage there's no
way you could marry bears exactly
exactly I know legal document that's
that's what I told you you wouldn't did
it anyway you said you knew a guy I
don't know what that means use a boat
captain I knew a boat captain so I could
make it happen you're crazy you're crazy
hey when you're not around I can say
whatever I want
when I am around you can say are you
sure that's the joy of being you so have
you ever even heard of this game me no
no I uh I as most of our listeners
Watchers know I did not have a PC
growing up so I just flat-out did not
play point click adventure games I had
no knowledge of any PC game I'm just I'm
trying to think of like the first
point-and-click adventure I ever played
probably day of the tentacle but that
was like maybe five years ago you know I
didn't start playing point-and-click
adventures until a few years ago yeah
yeah so this I I and I and I wasn't a
huge fan of the original Trek Mouse oh
my god that makes perfect sense for you
to play this game does it I've played it
once before oh oh oh so you told you
do you want some kind of mousepad like
device I do want some kind of mousepad
device that's right no PC just plenty of
sunshine oh how do you make the thing
big rich we'll do that no but I'll turn
it up also AM big in the game all your
mouse isn't working again Oh everybody
everybody settle down
everybody we're gonna settle down our
technical problems have once again
spewed into the stream how do I am bigan
rich eyes going downstairs I don't know
I don't know what's going on or where I
am or we can't see the entire game
screen oh you will be able to don't
worry you will be able to you can't see
it right now once I am big in the screen
you should be able to see everything
hopefully hopefully hopefully just give
us one second am I gonna do the voices I
don't know I got sick I got a little
sick on my flight on my trip because
when you fly you're trapped in a small
aluminum tube with a hundred other
people and you just catch everybody's
germs and so I got a little I got a
little cold so I don't know if I'll do
the voices I will try to do the voices
oh my balls the final frontier it's true
this is the original yes all of the
original cast members from the original
Star Trek I do the voices for this game
which I know is rich is very excited
about read my letter the the wedding was
beautiful it was a very very good old
friend of mine got married it was
wonderful and everything was great it
was it was a really a wonderful
wonderful wedding spent a couple extra
days in San Francisco got to meet some
very nice people the best nuts bad ever
okay what do we need to do to play this
game make the bigness make with the
bigness
there we go oh you just said start
richest it starts face is the final
frontier everybody thing you're going to
do civilization I did not wear a Dicky
bow tied to the wedding actually I wore
no tied to the wedding I had my nice
suit on nice shirt decided to go
Titleist just to test it out I usually
wear time listen to this music I thought
it looks pretty great we do have that
flicker on the side yeah look at all
these lovely people who made the game
yeah quality issue there is quality
assurance in this rich I think it's
great over it's also talk yeah keep
talking talking talking talking saying
things great now you should be perfect
no but I mean sorry
windows computer everybody settle down
because we're gonna fix that flicker
fix that flicker yo
also I think I'm shooting things yeah am
i shooting there we go got rid of that
flicker but still got a little bit of
top but we're gonna let that go okay
alt-enter
we're playing the Star Trek that's great
Starfleet out almost saying the game
audio could be up a tiny bit okay Elvis
you know what we're going on
I just double it there okay we did it
everything's fine okay I'm ready to
start track now okay
oh look I'm steering yeah okay we want
to go there
can we blow up the planet can we just
start right no yeah we can IV what
happens if we just run into the planet
you know what I got a feel like you
never will I can't click on the planet
and I can't get out of this one training
tip oh okay
tab does something confirmed for tab
we're spiraling out of control rich as
we're speaking there's different
commands you can do apparently no recent
missions have been completed
great this is Star Trek the
point-and-click adventure game oh he
said the thing is in in the show
what does are rich you might have to
play your standard your standard things
you might have to play this game really
I mean and setting the course for the
park system sir
mr. shit I don't know you don't know who
steers the ship no are you a fan no I've
said a countless times that I don't care
for the original series just play the
game I don't understand I can't handle
that's that's mostly true if you could
give you somebody remind the captain
that we have accomplished our mission so
great for some reason this is a little
on the plate today and I'm okay with
that
I'm okay with that because we've never
played it before and we had some fun
last time we played instruments
indicates that we have crossed the
standing by Sir message from the Romulan
commander sir what the how to use what
did you how are specific to be destroyed
you're gonna get killed right off the
bat Mike Mike now you probably thought
you know what the hardest thing for me
is though is like all the little icons I
guess I could play the game I was
trapped
you won the game you raise issues
congratulations
press X to grow there now everyone's
audio is up Chesterton's hope rich
doesn't scream you have to go get this
from gog.com today and there's a map in
things I downloaded so I think I need
actual I think it's like I need to look
at a manual find actually the names of
the stars
I want to go yeah sure don't read like a
map that you're supposed to print out or
something oh well you'd have it look up
with a book right originally yeah yeah
that's what I made the original game but
with this one it's like yeah PDF or
something yeah he pronounced yeah
hey what are we looking for here a
strong amp star map uh here's the star
map I'm gonna find where I downloaded
this third one I'm just going to open up
hi okay just as a heads up yeah oh god
rich you shouldn't be showing you
desolate
there are horribly embarrassing things
Oh No okay okay what a strange thing in
the game a game I like that is that
ancient copyright protection unless you
unless he bought it legitimately and had
that manual you'd never know where you
were going
beautiful rich was just showing me
brutal legend I I never got around to
playing dirty legend because I was not
the biggest fan of Psychonauts but rich
showed me the opening cinematic and yeah
voices yeah
why is r2d2 on the ship because they
that's an actual life oh I fucked up
again up again oh you chose the wrong
star they say yeah I thought well yeah
that's obvious this as long as you
you've played this game before in years
years ago the galaxy holds many
surprises to be prepared
oh you're conducting a mock battle right
yeah oh so you're not even but so in
your mock battle you keep in real dying
well no this first section
tab goes right to the big No
you have to steer your ship like a car
to drive like a car because it's a car
by many many iced beverage you hear
clacking now everybody all right I got
coffee what's good this Pollock's thing
right is 119 that's applaud I swear that
was the planet I clicked on no skimming
the same spot on the map in the game as
it is in this path which is and that
little square there so if we're gonna
write this time okay
let's see if we get a ride this time so
where's the map in the game it's been
you click on pseudo sure
that's the right one I was over I was
over here I am
they go in big innit Oh Jays manhole I
did not watch the Supergirl trailer that
released Supergirl trailer for the CBS
show
okay who plays Supergirl now we're
beaming down some lady a newcomer should
bring back what's her face that played
her in the original movie yeah oh we're
in orbit we did that right
hey congratulations Helen Slater is that
her name mr. Scott is that sound right
you have a Helen Slater
that does sound right okay yeah just
bring her back she should come back at
least the Cameo Melissa Benoist okay is
who plays the new Supergirl she was on
homeland say every single actor ever has
been on law and order right I've never
seen a single episode of any of those
other shows like this like do you know
anything about the show is it like in
the style of the Man of Steel movie is
it gonna be like a TV version because I
haven't seen the trailer I don't know
anything about it I don't know her
cosplay is in the style of the Man of
Steel costume but of course DC doesn't
give a flying fuck about continuity or
shared universe so that just
her costume looks a lot like the muted
tones the kind of scaly thing demons the
gates of hell this is the 23rd century
aside from seeing demons has any hard
data been collecting Melissa Benoit is
that how you say I'm saying Benoist it
spells Benoist ven o ist that has been
noise but apparently it's Benoit I'm
sure very talented it's in the arrow
flash universe which that means nothing
to me oh yeah well you the option of
what to say and you can be like Rubens
fuck I mean are you gonna waste for our
machinery to work in praise God
we've mined for heavier in a variety of
useful traces the deeper we dig the
variety of minerals seems to be not
Ignatieff leather steven has his own
there is why this might be either wait
the anomalies inspired brother cannery
to conduct studies and so franchise I
don't think also how can it be in the
arrow flash universe those are on CW and
the super villains on CBS DC owns all of
them right maybe there's some sort of
way they can do it maybe you received
the guidance and protection you know I'm
a complete design all I know is I don't
care I have there you go I guess that's
all you know shows any good arrow and
what's the other one flat I've heard
good things about flash arrow is
now I've only seen the first season it's
silly but not it not the good kind of
silly it's like this is great I've heard
good things out flash no man when it
when it comes through some sort of an
arrow is on Netflix isn't it yeah look
I've seen the icon for that yeah I mean
I I've seen it I don't recommend it not
even a little bit oh I feel bad for
watching yeah I'm probably gonna watch
this now you're right it's no daredevil
ripped it's no doctors complain too much
quickly constructed spots and shelter
primarily used by yes era looks like a
90s superhero show oh no it looks worse
than like Smallville I don't know you
ever watched a I never watched
Smallville
like it looks like remember the flash TV
show from the nineties I do I thought
his costume was awesome yeah at the time
cuz I was in the Batman there's like
he's got a big rubber costume like
Batman yeah it's red yeah that's how the
arrow looks without the super awesome
costume yeah but that kind of cheapness
yeah yeah oh my god shoot him with your
phaser really no it doesn't really
unless he's a bad guy then shoot him oh
yeah if you good guy then just stunning
so your visitors done I think I redid
this red and green Oh fun
yeah yes that's great you're just taking
money from him no just your icons look
like you're just taking sacks of money
from him
Oh also rich have you have you been
saving constantly I just say for now
okay I decided that I save Jack okay I
see it I should relax a little bit more
aspyn I can have them there you go
yes the camera working arrow is flat and
boring it's almost shot like a like a
soap opera oh you know on that like and
soap operas are kind of shot like
multicam but all from a weird never from
like the the standard three camera and
so that's exactly how it's like yeah you
know superheroes if you like superheroes
I was watching a because I'd wait I
didn't have daredevil back then and then
I've been rewashing
then you just watch it it's like good
one of these days when I have some free
time I'll just didn't you watch it how
many episodes is it like eight thirteen
thirteen yeah yeah yeah it's good Ben
watch oh that's right 720p 720p 720p
what our good friend teeth GG lennie
play the crocodile brain crocodile brain
guy yeah has uploaded some face cams
some face cam tests to his YouTube
account yeah oh he isn't elderly Irish
gentleman he is an elderly Irish
gentleman okay he looks very old define
very old 70s 60s 70s really no excuse me
a moment will you
there's got to be an elaborate joke
elaborate joke hey I will I will someone
posted it to the reddit they are too
heavy
hold on there it is
try TR IgG you let e play 720p baby
that's not elderly yeah that's 60s no
that's not six that's like maybe late
40s 50s you think yeah I don't know 65
year-old doing a YouTube video game
thing now I got shot by Klingons all
because of certain trig let e play he
looks 60 no no maybe he just looks
terrible for a sec huh he just looks
like a guy I think he looks old 60s I
would say 60s yeah apparently I'm wrong
well yeah I'm just saying he doesn't
look that old to be in any case he
uploaded some some face cam tests videos
today because he's adding face cam to
his les to his Lenny plays okay good and
I enjoyed it but his one is a 720p test
and all he's doing is like hypnotically
repeating 720p 720p as if to remind
himself later when he's watching the
video that it's that's great it's it's a
little insane and I kind I'll have to
watch those later yes he looks like the
half-life g-man and David Byrne had a
gross baby together it kind of looks
like God just a my dear co-current Dana
Ashbrook who is Bobby on Twin Peaks yes
that guy now he's got like gray hair he
looks a little more distinguished he
kind of looks like I got this thing it
is what you call distinguished I was
thinking more of the hair this is Bobby
bricks and I was thinking his black hair
is fluffy black hair but now he's got
short white hair
Bobby Biggs
maybe which reminds me there has been no
news on the twin peak situation since it
was announced that David Lynch wasn't
gonna be involved yeah there's been any
sort of updates or changes or anything
there's been it's dead Jim it's entirely
possible this is weird then this much
time has passed and there's been nothing
no movement no talk did you did you kill
someone
oh yeah congratulate you on even know
because I'm in fucking Starfleet that's
not our way yeah so does that mean I
wonder if it means I mean it can't be
dead dead I don't know there's been
nothing
now word yeah that's really weird and
the structure is extremely unstable I
would not recommend disturbing the lower
section before the appetizer yeah I
don't uncleared assume firing positions
that it should make a point and click
game just like this it's just like this
for the JJ Abrams Star Trek that'd be
great action a Spock you can just run
around and punch people violently in the
face there's a constant like scream
emotionally button click there's a
special item for Spock sedatives to calm
him down and instead of having a little
pointer it's just a lens flare easy joke
I'm sorry oh oh there's a guy under the
rocks even notice me don't shoot the guy
into the rocks or shoot him
I don't know punch him in the face
repeatedly do something bones up
apparently by standing over him bones
this he also crouched oh thank you kind
Souls for saving my life
oh I'm sorry Colonel rich Mustard
Colonel rich mustard is saying this game
has all the voices and so it's kind of
boring because usually we do two voices
oh okay so he's saying that he's saying
that we're better than the original cast
of Star Trek I can't I can't get done
with that - open the door when the
correct hand print is registered cut off
his hand sir it may be due or ask him
let me try it - put his hand on that oh
right sure
Richard's gonna try something dangerous
I think I was shot sir no just shocked
all right so we need a hand cut off that
guy's hand I'm not gonna cut off like I
can't cut off that guy's hand
what kind of game is this can you ask
him to put his hand on there Wow
okay it's too early to be moved well we
won't have to move much to cut off his
hand use your lightsaber what I've seen
the lightsaber cut off like five hands
what is wrong with you
yeah there's a there's probably bit of
an echo you're probably hearing cuz
we're listening to the TV so you might
hear a small echo of the game oh but uh
yeah sorry
whatever the boardgame stream was
fantastic yes we also enjoyed the board
game stream we will do another one of
those maybe did you another one recently
are they talking about the old they
might be talking about the old one I
mean they must be talking with you but I
really enjoyed it all right so I need
sort of handprint
I am I on life I'm high life and coffee
I've had a lot of coffee today that's
what's keeping me awake that's what
keeps me moving when I'm sick
more coffee iced coffee as soon as it
even gets a little bit warmer switch
over dice it wasn't a little bit warm
today though chilly not freezing iced
coming okay that's my rule that's my
rule number one like you're in hot
coffee when it's 90 out you're an insane
person crazy person although I've cut
back on my coffee quite a bit we tried
very nervous to wean myself off you're a
crazy person as opposed to last time I
quit caffeine where I quit cold turkey
and it was like a miserable nightmare I
think I think you're a crazy person
yeah I'll still drink coffee I'm just
trying to not drink as much you know
trying to cut down a mature more and
more studies come on saying that coffees
the best thing in the world
I I love coffee your health and body
yeah in mind is it better than
vegetables yes that's not true
absolutely nothing is better than
vegetable drink coffee all the time and
you'll be good just don't eat no in
three years they'll be studies saying
it's worse than you do again yes yeah
that's what happens just don't do
anything else every food is the best and
worst thing you get except for coffee
which is just the best who can you cut
off one of their hands did you really
yes well there are they're endless
they're replicas labs approximately six
point two kilometers away
I prefer iced coffee hot coffee only
because it means I can drink my coffee
faster
which is and is already all they could
have swears and video games back then
What did he say damn he said damn oh do
you blink when you see something it
doesn't just randomly blink
looks like his hand came off was that it
down there don't work oh yeah on the pen
yeah oh oh good eye boom I thought I
thought it was this formation up here
yeah well and I mean it blends in yeah
the pixel the lack of pixels makes it
pixel art they were going for a retro
feel
oh okay for this 30 year old game
there's actual 30 year old game
well yes this is the puzzle but it's
early on in the game they're warming you
up
they're priming they're priming the the
brain fluffer
thank you machine thinking machine what
happened to the dude that was laying out
there
he vanished I don't know Oh where'd he
go he turned into smoke and he went up
into the clouds yes he really did that
oh well then he turned into the smoke
monster I'm lost
remember lost I do remember what was the
smoke monster what is it then you find
out it's like oh this sucks this show
sucks again I try to remember now what
the smoke monster was um I can't
remember either cuz I've tried to block
that show from my brain I just remember
being horribly disappointed the sign of
a good show
oh it was something it was I mean of
course it was something dumb because it
could never be as good as the mystery
right no matter what it was well maybe
if you had like good mystery and mind
ahead of time then we're just making
shit out of your ass yeah this looks
like some of the hand security panels on
the enterprise this looks like some of
the head
I wasn't a guy obtain anything I was it
a guy you watched the show too right all
of us see neither of us could remember
what the smoke monster ended up being
did you come from the fountain maybe I
don't remember you mean the magic light
cave the magic of a final season yeah
bullshit the hand didn't work I promise
I'll let you know the instant something
appears don't be too anxious ensign we
may want to come thanks red shirt so you
put the hand on it and a little bleep
everything can you put the hand on it
again I tried talking to the control
panel you get no response it's not the
most logical thing of all they do yeah
but it won't let you put the hand back
on it that's weird
you fail to obtain anything yeah yeah
blow it out your ass see this is this is
what I don't like about playing quit
games right now I'm just I'm clicking on
whatever I can yeah all the options and
random chance did you try to write do
you try cuz you can also mash things
together sometimes in your inventory do
try doing that that's also a thing no
can't do that and you can't put the hand
back on nothing happens
that's crazy nothing happens can you put
the hand down your pants go to a
different area and see all you can do
get out of here save new game always
save always be saving always be saving
always Absa that's the role of point
clicks hey yeah then you go back to the
other bill go back to a different area
and rub all this shit on this shit in
there and then something will happen
that's how you play point and click
adventure game rub all the shit on all
the shit what where'd you go now you get
something
oh you're probably right Jacqueline you
should apply pine resin which is not
happy with that
I do understand point-and-click
adventure games you point and click your
point you click and then you make the
shit you pick up a shit from one area
you take it to the other area and put
the shade in the other area that's
outward that sounds boring it can be
that sounds worse than lost you know
it's a different pace it's a different
pace in it today it's pace that not a
lot of people are used to
oh sure it can be very satisfying this
table from ancient Baker's to double
burners
this study represents a man with a key I
don't know if rich wanted to play this
because broken age is the next prereq I
thought I was I thought Jack which Jack
now has no interest in so it's kind of a
kind of a bust I'm sure my watching it
like karen leonard nimoy talk no I enjoy
I enjoy watching you play this rich and
I have not discussed our feelings of
broken age you know we haven't even
talked about with each other and usually
like we will like make little notes
beforehand but this time I want to try
something new where we just go straight
into the discussion yeah I think that's
okay I think that might make it'll make
it harder for me to edit later yeah but
I think it might make for a more
interesting discussion make some notes
all right good we made notes and like
points we learned to hit for like with
the five episodes best of the worst and
then we never did it again
well sorry which I say best of the worst
you do have in the back of it I assumed
yeah there's uh it's a little bit
different with video games just because
the time I want to say like I completed
broken age innings
maybe 15 hours and so just like
remembering all the things you want to
say for a 15 hour game yeah it helps to
write it down also I am not very smart
or good at remembering things I don't
know if we can talk about Avengers all
right then we can talk about Avengers
rich decreed it so actually rewatched it
again when I went to San Francisco
because Lisa and so and you know we we
did not take our children with us and so
literally like even though we were in a
beautiful wonderful city one of our
first priorities was just to go see a
movie because we could go that's
something that we rarely get to do oh
sure just go out to a few specific
things there are some things that I
liked a lot better um second such a like
what Jack also and I'll type this out
here spoiler alert for Ultron's
Ultron everybody already knows
everything that happened in it spoiler
alert for Ultron starting now I really
love the characters early on in the
movie I noticed them a lot more this
time and like a lot of the setups for
stuff that happened later okay there's
like very small details here and they're
super super great and overall everyone's
performance
I enjoy a lot more yeah oh no
everybody's great not everybody's great
yeah
some things I didn't like because that's
more fun to hear Ultron is evil
immediately yeah oh yeah and I guess
like I was really caught up in the movie
the first time so it didn't really hit
me but like literally he is evil from
the moment he speaks sure yeah and like
I get that he's like a sentient thing
from a ancient staff and of course he
went on the internet for two seconds and
so of course he wants to destroy all of
humanity which is the joke you know
maybe it's something normal simply to
make me right or just more of like as he
grows smarter his plan comes into focus
more of sure oh shit I want to you know
save the earth I have to murder
everybody sure where that something he
starts to gradually realize as opposed
to just immediately like fuck everyone
right
I guess that being a little more
interesting to watch that transpire yes
as opposed to just immediately and like
I'm not exaggerating it's like the
second line out of Ultron is he's an
evil son of a bitch who wants to murder
everyone
he thinks that fast what sure you see
the hyper computer he's a hyper computer
hyper intelligence yes
Skynet did the same thing he didn't
complain about that Terminator ah that's
a really good point
oh yeah I guess but Skynet wasn't like a
physical character though yeah but
that's the difference but but by the way
solid touche when you yeah that's great
so that bothered me a little bit but
James Spader's fuck you
I just want to listen to that man uh his
mouth this guy cut out of the review his
mouth annoyed the fuck out of me though
that looks so silly it was a little
cartoony yeah how much like government
at had yeah he looked terrible yeah no I
like to look at companies they did like
the mouth moving like that yeah they
needed to just stick to the creepy
comic-book face doesn't move it would
have been great but I mean creepier a
lot creepier
oh sure that sounds creepy but then you
can't do that because then they'll just
be like well they just didn't want to
pay their animators people on the blogs
no no no no comic book the comic book
nerds would have applauding you think
they would have a general audience would
have been like wise in his mouth you
want to if you want to indicate that
he's speaking you just have like the
globe change in a face yeah yeah it's
Breyer when there's words coming out his
mouth that's all they needed to do I
would've looked a thousand times better
and I agree with you is the thing III
didn't I hated his mouth I hated the way
his life he emoted with his eyes his
little speaker things and yeah ugly ugly
ugly ugly I also hated that but
after after we watched it I saw with my
wife and my mother-in-law and neither of
them are on the internet much have you
heard of the whole Scarlett Johansson
controversy Oh which one right even like
multiple things with this movie this is
Jeremy Renner stuff there's oh well
first of all there's there's all sorts
of shit well that's that's what I'm
talking about the the Joss Whedon where
they people are people claimed to be
upset because Black Widow being the
strongest female character in the Marvel
Universe decides that she's really sad
that she can't have a baby well the
thing is it seems like people are upset
like cuz she does she's a nice
characterization well the thing is I
think that some people are
misinterpreting what's going on there
and that like I've seen people say like
cuz something she say something about
she feels like a monster like she
connects with Bruce Banner because of
that but she's talking about like not
specifically because she can't have
children like that's not what makes her
think she's a monster it's the fact that
she gave that up in order to become this
cold-hearted assassin she she gave up a
family life so she could be better at
murdering people
yeah and that's she feels horrible about
that yeah not specifically I can't have
children so I'm a freak like that's not
it at all right no I think that whole
controversy is made up it's it's I don't
know I weird that that reeks of made up
to cast to cast a bad light on feminists
I asked my wife about this because she
as it turns out is a lady oh okay and so
it was like oh I would new married a
lady she's a lady and a comic book fan
and so it's just like I I was like was
there anything that you thought was
controversial about the movie
specifically if you're thinking about
feminism and she couldn't mention
anything and I brought the Black Widow
stuff and she said that wasn't saying of
course yeah because that was really good
characterization she brought up a really
funny point though which is if anything
is sexist about that movie it's
Hawkeye's wife
ah how so yeah because while Hawkeye and
you're not saying this is sexist just
anything could be construed there miss
concerns Noelle oh and and I loved her
character I loved his whole thing but if
anything could be considered sexist it's
that Hawkeye gets to go off on
adventures and save the world and she's
expected to live a hundred miles from
anyone raise the kids take care of the
house all by herself while he goes off
in words see that like I I think it's
fine in the movie but I can see that
maybe causing more of an issue than the
Black Widow stuff exactly but I didn't
hear anything
no no but that and that was more of a
joke from her I'm sure Hawkeye's wife
was fine with that yeah that was that's
more controversial than Black Widow
having a demon but uh but yeah overall
I've really liked it on a second watch I
am still a little confused by a vision
shows me he's made in the middle of the
movie and he's a character all of a
sudden the or Thor flies in from out of
nowhere and he makes lightning shoot
everywhere see that man that guy's there
everyone's confused about the whole four
part of this that makes perfect sense
it's it's it's it feels like there's no
setup for it it's like everybody's
arguing about the the morals of doing
this and then he just like pounces into
the scene from out of nowhere yeah it's
so abrupt and awkward but everybody
pounces into the scene of nowhere no not
really
they all talk back and forth and they're
debating this whole good like Hawkeye
shoots at Quicksilver he's like hey
guess what I'm here too I'm in on this
Captain America jury watch it I just
remember the Thor one being really
abrupt and weird
it's very abrupt but it makes sense okay
that's rewatch he he had the vision
he's like oh he needs to live because I
had the vision but then all of a sudden
like vision is there and I don't like
how he looks I like the way it looks I
think it's fine yeah but you're crazy
that's true you're crazy he looks weird
that's why I like it we're
movies need more weird so I'm excited
for Mad Max all sorts of weird shit med
that's true yesterday and I don't
understand
visions power what our visions powers
God that I couldn't tell ya even though
I know what they are in the book I
cannot tell you what they are in the
movies he can apparently shut up Ultron
out of the Internet by touching his face
somehow and he's good at punching people
and every once in a while laser comes
out of his forehead
yes something he got it that's it you
can fly too so I don't know overall I
still liked it a lot of good punches to
be shorting out it's interesting because
vision is played by Paul Bettany yes
name there's something like that who's
been the voice of Jarvis for all the
Iron Man movies I'm wondering like at
what point did the people in charge at
Marvel be like hey this dude's in good
shape we could put him in the movies too
I mean knowing how far ahead they plan
at least Iron Man 2 yeah I mean not only
makes you want well even with Iron Man 1
like why would you cast him to do that
voice generic voice actor guy to do that
just seemed weird to cast like you know
a dude like him who could play a
superhero sure so I mean I doubt they
were thinking that far ahead it's just
interesting to me that it worked out
like that well they definitely warms us
back because remember Iron Man 1 was not
the chosen movie for the Marvel Universe
at the time the Incredible Hulk was the
Incredible Hulk had way more shield
integration had we I never saw it but I
just know the end of Iron Man is when
they introduce Nick Fury show credits
and the post credits scene yeah but
nothing else in Iron Man has anything to
do with the rest of the universe
their shield stuff in the Hulk movie
yeah
massage cuz I didn't care because it's
all at the time Ironman was an unpopular
character he wasn't a big comic book
character him I mean he's a big comic
book character but his books didn't sell
as well it's not as well-known to
general as well now he is of course of
course because of the movie yeah
right but of course after the movie and
after really just after everyone
realized that all the dough need you use
the best day that's true yeah I'm
thinking like how we probably would not
have this whole Marvel Cinematic
Universe if it wasn't for the casting of
Robert Downey jr. like if you'd cast
someone else in that movie I can
guarantee it would not have been as big
as it was like if that movie was not as
successful as it was none of the stuff
that's happened since then would have
happened agree it's interesting it is
which is why he makes a million zillion
dollars he deserves it he's deserves
he's carrying Marvel on his shoulders
pretty much are you still stuck out here
I want some other areas that came back
but I'd I don't know what do ya
unfortunately the backlash against the
black when he was reeling at me I don't
know I don't know I you know it's it I
think it's real but it's from extremists
and that's the that's what ruins any any
belief system are the extremists what
what you're you know beliefs are what
you there's extremists that ruin it for
everybody that's probably something I
found very funny was during the
controversy Joss Whedon stopped tweeting
or deleted his Twitter yeah his tweet
tweet
and so then everyone was like oh she had
people scared him off of Twitter and
then all of a sudden like a couple days
later he like talked to BuzzFeed or
someone oh yeah he's like writing my
next movie and yeah i'ma deal with
Twitter right now yeah probably
he's probably annoyed by know he's
because he's deleted his Twitter before
yeah really
he just he just does that you know when
he works I'm sorry I'm just gonna go and
create something while you guys bitch
about stuff okay
don't mind me worry about extremists
ruining things I worry that the the
counteraction to the extreme feminism is
is going to be just as bad you think
that's the problem you have extremes on
both ends like like everybody's just
nuts
and everybody wants to be furious about
everything cuz then on the other the
other extreme you get gamergate weirdos
so they make threats - yeah exactly like
and there's there's extremists on every
you know possible end of the spectrum
the true that's true and they make
everybody else look bad just don't be a
dick
what's the solution it's any problem
don't be a dick
that seems too simple how some people
are upset about the new Mad Max movie
because the women do things in it the
female characters yeah they're very
important to the film and they do things
Shirley's Theron is apparently more of
the main character the Mad Max which
should not be a shock to anyone who's
seen the other Mad Max movies
Mad Max is essentially a vessel into
this world yeah he's not John McClane
you know like action hero man so some
people are upset about
sorry saying is people who don't know
what they're talking about say things
loudly yes I'll tell you all about it
after we see the movie I don't wanna
give too much away I already know too
much oh oh you've you've ranted the
spoilers not really I just know like
what some people are upset about when it
comes to the movie is he to passive in
the movie is everything I've seen in the
trailer it looks like he's tied up yeah
well yeah you get that from the trailer
like you know what's gonna happen in the
movie as far as that goes I was just
saying that that shouldn't be surprising
anyone who's seen the other Mad Max
movies cuz he's not like you know
superhero man right oh yeah is there
anything else Avengers why honestly have
not thought about the movie since we
shot that review boilers every watched
the first one before we saw it I was
like this is a really solid movie but as
far as the second one no no maybe I'll
watch it again when it comes on a video
but I haven't really thought about it
again since much of an impact once
identity I mean that is a strange door
with truly will stick to my solo Iron
Man movies I'm assuming we're not I'm
assuming he's just about done I hate
Robert Downey jr. I mean he's got we'll
see how much more money they're willing
to give him I'm sure he's not gonna turn
down a 50 million dollars going next
door to the lab didn't you Jackman say
he's done with Wolverine after he's got
one more in one more movie he's got one
more on him and then he's done with
Wolverine which you know it's it's time
well is he's getting up there yeah he's
older because same with Robert Downey
jr. Robert Downey jr. it's like what
misty
my discoveries that's old old but it's
just like how long he would want to keep
doing that which go put hand back on the
panel and see if you can call the
enterprise they did say the panel to the
door is like the ones on the ship okay
okay also something about dehydrated
water which gave me a look that was so a
different adventure game we played
there's a there's a cave and a puzzle
involving dehydrated water oh yes it was
very funny so nothing it was very funny
no no you actually had to use the
dehydrated water have you added water to
it it expanded it was the whole thing
all right they're saying that you that
Robert Downey jr. is 50 what is what is
the magic line you can't cross
age-wise before you're allowed to be an
action movie guru he's 50
well and see for Robert Downey jr. he
has a lot longer life span than Hugh
Jackman because he has an Ironman suit
yeah it's CG anytime that's true so he
gets he gets a lot more time as long as
he keeps looking good in the face region
sometimes in the movies he's not even
supposed to be in the suit like an Iron
Man 3 was right that big cop-out moment
that some people hated calling calling
the ship that nothing did you put the
hand on it and call the ship yeah
someone tell us how to beat this
somewhat else out of you this puzzle
we're gonna take a little moment can you
just do over here thank you
okay so where do we left that we don't
become okay koala puffs a clockwork
Stalin sloshed from duck tails Denmark
Daniels Karen's dinosaur dildo yes press
B to dick punch empty h anakin skywalker
befo Potamus blend o's 75 and Greg Nick
and Vinny six nine one eight
you're gonna give me some indication
well I saw your head move in so I was
tricked it's really true
hey Y all wise okay okay well I don't
know how Bowl this game is streaming
should we switch to something else
I would like whatever mind FTL hahahaha
we can now we can't because we have so
many hours some luck someone shared with
me on Twitter today a spreadsheet
breaking down by our all the games we've
played on previously recorded and the
number one slot is FTL at 17 and a half
hours we have streamed 17 and a half
hours of FTL why don't you try that that
convoy game I was I was cutting up the
convoy stream kind of made me want to
play convoy again
yeah you wanna play huh you wanna play
okay I can play cowboy
you can play cowboy maybe well we put
that just went up what else we got
are you saying you what you don't want
to play this is bad for stream I don't
know I think reduce to be fun working
together to solve puzzle but that's
that's not what's happening at what's
happening I know they updated invisible
ink
John try some invisible ink I can put
that out okay rich can play some
invisible okay hold on all right take a
break oh we're gonna take a break yeah
anybody's watching to one up okay we're
gonna take a break and we're gonna come
back with some updated invisible ink
it's what I think we're still we're
still streaming
