Episode 123
Faster Invisible Than Light
June 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GL9m2YfnYY
___________________________________________

Wow Wow that's interesting I think so
huh so so I was like oh yeah I'll hang
out with you and I had some beers and it
was a really good time more adventurous
than I am it was that was fun
I am I mean I am I mean I am but it was
fun it was a good time and you know we
went to this bar called the thirsty bear
which was right where I was staying and
San Francisco that's a gay bar they
specialized in 100% organic beer which
is like so San Francisco they say they
specialize in bear beer like beer made
from bears beer made from endangered
species ya know so it was a it was very
good it was fun it was fun time and
overall everything was fine so thanks we
we walked across the UH the bridge
what's the fucking cold oh my god his
Golden Gate Bridge
I mean brain parts we walked across the
Golden Gate the Golden Gate Bridge I am
I have not had a drop to drink I'm still
drunk from San Francisco this is the
real thing I've not had a drop since
I've been back because I've been sick
but I just drank and ate so much in San
Francisco that I'm just still hungover
shy smile right avianna and cracker man
he was 35 35 if it's not 35 35 then
close enough reach 1 on the place of FTL
as you guys are saying right now
and so we safety out a little bit
what I'm in the mood for I got to go
with my heart my heart they didn't have
security guards to stop jumpers off the
Golden Gate Bridge but every I want to
say every couple of like every hundred
feet or so they had a little like call
box valet that said you know do you need
do you need assistance push this button
oh and during the one right in the
center it said like like jumping like
jumping has real consequences and blah
blah blah and holy cow it had a little
spiel just saying listen we will talk to
you if I'm not like jumping oh no
where's the music is the FTL music on oh
oh oh rich is in the middle of a
firefight here people but it was a nice
walk you get to see the whole city San
Francisco is I didn't quite understand
how huge it was yeah not not just huge
but dense and it's a like a hilly city
and it's just jam-packed so beautiful
everything was beautiful wonderful I've
never been and ain't it some really
great places and everything was great
first ship I fucking ran across as a
drum ship I'm sorry yeah okay well Bob
pause there now
and if a let's figure out sign because
people are saying they can't hear all
right and that's I mean that isn't
important they're headphones so I got to
turn down that's my wife
Oh oh yeah they go nowhere I'm seeing
levels but I when I play games sometimes
I listen to other things but the radio
or a podcast or whatnot
that's insane you listen to some star
talk radio Sheriff that's insane to me
because this is an amazing soundtrack it
is an amazing soundtrack but fucking I
like I like listening to fix I'm sorry
time oh you would have tell me what I'm
doing is wrong
I I'm just I'm I'm not saying it's wrong
I'm saying that that is something I
would so not do yep you know I haven't
and someone was asking Seattle or San
Fran I haven't been to Seattle as an
adult I've never been period though I
was there as a kid as a teenager mm-hmm
and so I'm probably you don't appreciate
it anything is a teenager right you just
hate things
what does some neat places as a teenager
I didn't appreciate shit right fun again
right so so I'll say San Francisco cuz
that's where I've been as an adult it
was great so many in the chat was that
this is I I have fun I got him
I Hotel I Hou tu ences I'm playing a
muted game and listening to this oh oh
my god ha ha motherfucker I would just
think was something that requires
concentration it would be distracting
yeah but that's just me like and you
know you know how tiny my crocodile
brain is so for something like FTL it
requires my full my full set of brains
sure you're not you're not evolved like
except you mother oh that's right I
wasn't Seattle as an adult you don't
remember where you've been oh wait you
know what I've been there too I was like
fuck is wrong with you people
I was only there for like a day and
there was on a work thing so I only saw
like the city for maybe an hour and I
was there for a weekend but I was there
for a bachelor party
and we spent the majority of it like in
the country okay there was a cabin
rented and so I spent exactly six seven
hours in the city of yeah okay that's
even more than me so you're right thank
you by the way Thank You Chad for
remembering my life better than I do I
did I posted a photo of like recently I
was there for my cousin's bachelor party
that was it that was pretty good night
uh oh you know what maybe Seattle
Seattle had a better vibe great coffee
yeah it seemed great I was yeah I wasn't
there for very long I didn't get to see
much but yeah I would like to go back
when I could actually stay for a while
yeah Joey Belladonna my my Dead Rising
no death run ended when the fucking xbox
crashed yeah womp womp it's a great
fucking run someone was close to seven
hours yes it was to the end of the game
oh yeah I was basically at the home
stretch it was easy going from where I
was I'm gonna just crashed crane rose on
the loading screen Elvis Douglas you got
a deal next time I come to Seattle you
take me on a winery tour and get me free
booze I'm down with that you got
yourself a deal which city has more buff
guys San Francisco to make sense just
because I saw more buff guys when I was
there
this is not a good run my own ships cuz
I'm the ship I'm using doesn't have
shields oh shit you're right
I didn't even notice it I can't afford
to upgrade the cloaking tell last the
drunk like brave beam power sure how was
Seattle see that was great
oh and they hit my weapons funnels vomit
yep you're done just rewrote right now
just be wrong I thought no I didn't see
buff guys at the thirsty bear but like
at as a show of like how how wonderful
San Francisco was I went to this random
bar this random night and was having a
great and nerdy conversation and then
all of a sudden a like Calypso band
showed up and started playing Calypso I
don't know if it was Calypso it was some
sort of ethnic music no rap is American
it was some sort of Spanish ethnic music
okay maybe that's not close oh it wasn't
a mariachi band I know that there was a
lady dancing what do you call it when
like she has a rose in her mouth and I'm
like
minkos flamenco maybe it was full Minko
so and it was great in he's a little
flamenco performance we went to a
Mother's Day brunch and when we left the
restaurants a street festival had
arrived while we were in the restaurant
my friend profess'd nothing and then
just BAM we come out and we are in the
middle of and I shit you not it was like
20 blocks long
oh my god there were thousands of people
they just have spontaneous festivals
there we quickly found a police officer
and was like what happened and he said
like every other Sunday at some random
block and some random street in San
Francisco
they just do that oh my god I never I'm
sorry everybody
oh did you kill everyone I'm sorry that
that run went terrible oh absolutely
I'm really sorry I try that same fucking
sugar goes farther yeah cuz fuck it
who's calling it let's see here I'm
looking for oh I see a pic me jingis
Borgnine I spell Genghis an HSG NGH is
okay mr. Josh my wants back in does that
count
okay Bradley I'm an a lot of subscribers
now sure jingis Borgnine fortnight or
get nine did you have Elvis in your last
one okay how this is reporting for duty
and Omni remix those were the first 3's
up office you are you looking for oh
yeah okay Elvis delvis okay omni remix
those are that's your new crew one of
the perks for subscribing is you get
named yep those were the first three
pizza rolls iced up okay and you guys
know if you if you see maybe an
opportunity for for another one there
might be the ship isn't easy and oh god
did that go bad alright once more into
the breach come on what's going on I
don't know you know what I don't know
Rach I'm sorry that's all right
the drones you know it's a hacking
overhead my goddamn
yeah no I'm sorry I'm sorry
just just in time yeah
I've tried to remember Seattle now we
had a great low we went to a great
restaurant in Seattle I was there for
six hours
yeah I went to a great little restaurant
- it was the only thing I did cuz I was
filming something in the hotel so as
walk down the street as like first place
I find that his food I'll go there yeah
it was great this veggie wrap
that's delicious nice that's all I need
that's I need some nice restaurants to
go to diet time pork there was like a
gigantic three-story like sex shop
though that I passed oh my god well what
what's on the third storey just have
those there ever have those in Milwaukee
gigantic sex shops you know I think
eventually they've run out of stuff to
put in a sex shop
I don't know if that's true those of you
and your sex shops I didn't go into it I
just walked past it it was quite
noticeable because it was three stories
oh sure okay I heard that I heard I
heard someone dying someone's dying rich
oh no I was dying I did I went with I
was there with a large group because it
was an old friend of mine and so you
know like a lot of people that I knew
were there and we would all travel
together and there's this awful awful
thing that happens when a large group
travels together and you need to choose
a restaurant to go to mmm yeah which is
you you want to please everyone and me I
just you know I will literally eat
anything especially on vacation because
I don't give a fuck
but then everyone else is trying to
please everyone and so then instead of
choosing a restaurant that someone will
really love and maybe someone is iffy
about you end up at the lowest common
denominator and we're we're we're near
the wharf we're near Fisherman's Wharf
and we're looking for restaurants it's
like oh we we have this suggestion we
have this suggestion let's go to one of
these places and no one can quite decide
and so the entire group ends up at an
incredibly shitty looking Italian place
Oh an Italian place yeah I'm gonna be
snobby I'll be talking snobby here I'm
gonna tell you nothing's wrong with town
it just looked a step above Olive Garden
and when you're on vacation why do you
want to go to Neagle local places exact
I have interesting food not just like
generic Italian food you want to eat
something that you can't get where you
live yes and so I did I pull a bit of a
dickish move which is a sat down and I
ordered a drink with everyone and I'm
looking through the menu and I'm not
looking forward to this so I finished my
drink everyone else orders and I say you
know what I'm gonna go to in and out and
I did and I had an in-n-out burger I had
a double-double with fries they're
delicious and it was fucking great their
fries suck though I don't like their
fries I agree the burgers good
I had a double-double animal style and I
felt great about it some people might
consider me a dick because I left my
group so in and out burger didn't they
have a drive-thru and they called that
for some other reason Oh like diarrhea
is it like is it like a slider no it's
it's fast-food it's proto fast-food it
was an early competitor with McDonald's
but unlike McDonald's in and out still
uses real means cuz that's that's a
terrible name that makes me think of
diarrhea oh no like you can get in and
out really
okay is the idea but you can't anymore
because gonna say that's that true
everyone loves it there's always a line
but it's still beautiful burgers so I
feel I felt like a bit of a dick like I
had a good meal so I feel less dickish
about it yeah I go to Italy and I'll say
it's real Italian food I'm sure I'm sure
I've never been no wait I have that why
it's called Italian food there's just a
horrible coincidence horrible
coincidence weird yeah damn it this this
friends gonna end early - oh thank you
for deleting those mods I appreciate
that you know the only time I've been to
Italy I did not even times so you bendin
- wait there dammit I haven't been
anywhere did everything I've been to
Toronto and you've been to Seattle for
there ya know I've been like places in
the US but I've never been outside of
the US aside from Toronto however told
you my German exchange student story
oh I'll retell it what oh my god yeah I
died again rich the shipper musing is
challenging oh ok sir cuz I've had too
many dominant ones I feel sure I'll put
the shackles on ok do it
they're called Hardee's in Milwaukee not
Carl's Junior's no it's the same place
just different name for some reason yeah
I went there today there you go
horrible burger horrible burger good
fries I do not much like the Hardee's it
is horrible because you went to Hardee's
yeah never go to artis I think the last
time I was at Hardee's is like 20 years
ago
that's right if I Jack the food snob I
better if you go to Italy with your
friends you end up having bland to
Chinese food I would do something no I I
when I was in high school I got a call
one day from a friend of mine oh this is
no this is the GOG version I don't have
all the ships I don't usually
oh this good for the battleship but I
can't make this shit no that's fun I got
a call one day from a friend of mine and
the call said hey Jack how would you
like to go to Germany
your trip will be paid for
except for expenses while you are in
Germany but there's one small catch you
need to house a German student when he
comes and he comes tomorrow Oh God
apparently someone who was taking German
in my high school agreed to house a
German student and got arrested and so a
friend of mine who was in German and was
going to be part of the student exchange
program you know just started feeling
that because this kid needed to be
housed somewhere yeah sure
and so as luckily my mother is a
wonderful person I brought this up to
her and she's like sure I don't give a
fuck and we how was the German student I
still to this day do not understand a
word of German it was a very awkward
time but house them for a week and got
to go to Germany we drove down to Italy
for a day I was in high school so of
course I didn't carry unappreciated
Italian but so yeah I got to go to
Germany and I we were supposed to go to
like the classes every day we all
skipped out every single day I would
just not go yeah why would you
what cuz you're in June are they gonna
do we we walked around town all day and
drank and smoked cigarettes and it was
the most wonderful time that's great
so alright slightly different shook try
again
I own I understand some words in English
but now some of them are kind of big
yeah those are the tricky ones right
like tricky
but I think I would I would much I would
do I'd like to get over I'd like to get
out of the country again yeah as an
adult oh wait I've been to the Virgin
Islands - there you go I went there
that's something my sister's wedding
that's something and not st. Thomas
that's like the touristy island yeah we
went to st. Joan's if I'm remembering
correctly okay
chickens running wild in the streets
that's awesome they're everywhere it's
great did you hit any no no that is
great we made friends with a bat cuz we
had we had rented this Lake Phillips a
bat we had rented this Villa and there's
a swimming pool in the back and we were
all out there swimming and at night and
there's this bat that just kept swooping
down like right unto the like skimming
the water yeah sorry sorry we come down
we don't duck under the water like he's
coming back you had a little game yeah
that's great
well the game to him I think you just
want to know her faces off yeah there
were probably bugs on the water and
probably for your faces there are bugs
on her faces right jack if you ever come
to Las Vegas I'll show you a good time
and by good time I mean lose all your
money
that doesn't happen in Vegas Aaron's a
winner there right everyone make us work
even if you lose your money you had a
good time I have family in Vegas I've
been to Vegas many many times I've never
been it's it's it's it's terrible but if
you go in knowing that I'm sure it's fun
it's everything you think it's gonna be
yeah exactly yeah you know what to
expect
yeah obviously there's some good shows
there gambling is only for suckers
go for the suckers who like money who
like losing their money
I really I like the Las Vegas I like I
like Las Vegas on I'm being somewhat
joking but I don't much care for
gambling is the thing because I lose all
my money you can't believe Irish you
know you don't throw your money on the
table but even even then you're the odds
I just means you lose your money much
slower but I still lose all of it I
think the key is that you have to go
into gambling knowing that it's most
likely yes the most likely scenario is
that you will lose your body right and
so then for me it's just like I won't
gamble at all I like walking through the
casino is like it's very bright colors
you see great people people watching in
Vegas is the greatest I'm sure and I
like going to the shows yeah and they
have amazing arcades oh because all of
the people like to dump their children
off while they go gamble and so when I
went to learn when I was younger before
I was legal gambling age I spent all day
in the arcades it's great amazing our
case the trick let it ride there's
always later on I do like roulette is my
favorite game I like really yeah it's my
most favorite game even though it has
those some of the worst odds I got
spoiled because the first time I ever
did it
I actually won like I was up like a
couple hundred bucks nice it was great
and then every time I did since then
nothing just lost all my money
yeah yeah it's like that first time I
was like this is gambling this is great
I want a few hundred bucks
why does a time that be early of
gambling yeah why would this be a bad
addiction hmm
right it's a good city we uh Lisa and I
actually went to Vegas for our honeymoon
because some people we knew had a
timeshare there so we spent some time in
Vegas and then rented a car and drove to
Los Angeles okay and that's a beautiful
Drive
oh yeah up through the desert through
the mountains and we saw the prices
right with Bob Barker back on Bob Barker
was still there fuck yeah always bet
against Jack that's probably true yeah
well oh by the way that's the scam you
always bet against me I'll always bet
for me either way one of us is women
it's a win-win so I could meets a dingo
speaking of gambling timeshares
absolutely don't ever get a time-series
the biggest scam and they stop you on
the street don't they to try and sell
you time shares all you need to do is
sit through our one-hour presentation
yeah you get a free room
oh they kept trying to corner see it
wasn't our timeshare but they kept
trying to get us oh well do you know
free bus tours here do you know free you
want to show will get you a free show
just sit here through the thing nope
yeah leave me alone timeshare assholes
yeah was the guy from Alex Thicke Alan
Thicke Alan Thicke it was Alan Thicke
was the spokesperson for our time sure
that's great
you see cutouts of Alan Thicke
everywhere was he actually there though
because I would I would go to one of
those timeshare seminar things if he was
actually there just to meet just to meet
Alan Thicke I mean I'd ask him why did
you raise such a douchebag son not Kirk
Cameron he's a real son I know he makes
alright music well maybe he's a dickhead
I don't know probably he's probably
based on the lyrics of that stupid-ass
song of his it's like the worst song
ever blurred line yeah yeah thank God
we're doubt parried it parodied it so I
can enjoy it yeah that's a good one
who is Alan Thicke he's Robin Thicke's
dad he's Robins and he was played at
actor on a growing pains other than
Japan were in the world do you really
want a visit why would you exclude Japan
from that list cuz that's where everyone
wants to go is it that's where that's
all I was I'm not a goddamn fool I don't
care about that shit
Oh what what anime fan oh this is what
you're you saying that's the only reason
to visit there that's weird
hey my sister went there she's a wee
I'm sure you would want to if you were a
weeaboo as you say work there are plenty
of all the reasons to go
I would love to good help just for the
culture shock oh sure just to soak in
that that very very strange culture to
me it's strange to me not to them it's
normal today it's normal we're weird to
that we're weird we're weird period
actually are you sure about that they're
just like us on steroids
we we wish we could be as weird as Japan
yeah we have to put effort into being as
weird as Japan what World War two just
messed them up in the head you know what
happened that happens a lot of it
basically destroyed their culture yeah
well they got to start fresh and I think
that's nice
I would like to go there I would like to
go to not for very long but I would like
to go to India because you can't go
there for too long and I'd like to stay
in a hotel that has a real bathroom
because I like real bathrooms by night
you know I just to go someplace that's
so different yeah sure would be great I
like different things
we don't in America we don't have panty
vending machines that's true
we should though yeah I mean what if
someone needs a pair of babies exactly
you never know right
India is the bathroom I oh I know scary
maybe Brazil anywhere I'd like to do
Greece just to see some of the other
rules maybe a Scandinavia see a Viking
and shit I don't like an actual living
Viking you know they're still there you
fucking know there's one still there oh
vending machines for dirty panties yeah
that's even grosser okay dirty that's
you know what I can totally see that
yeah will you buy dirty pennies yes and
I think that's that's that's the kind of
strangeness that I have a hard time
fathoming it's great let alone that's
why you got to go to Japan yeah it's
just so weird
come to Finland free beer for you here
too I'm on my way I don't go anywhere
for free beer rule number one it's not
really free if you have to spend several
thousands of dollars to get there though
the beer is free okay I was I'm saying
if I happen to be in Finland I will let
you know strange person in the chat but
for real Japan has a beer vending
machines oh now we're talking
how was Star Trek the 25th anniversary
uh what was a bad environment to play it
I remember liking that in the past
though so and that's not the Mormon
sister dome the Mormon sisters really an
anime that would be a position yeah
she's a weeble what is it weeba waffa me
a boo weeaboo we know I like Weibo
better weebles wobble but they don't
fall down
yes roof that's true about weevils
what in Idaho they have a french fry
vending machine made right in the
vending machine that sounds terrible
that sounds like it would not taste like
there's just like I'm like cream like
boiling grease I'm the vending machine
that sounds very dangerous that make
Jack leave and the idea that that exists
just check out the room yeah are you
doing better this run Oh
find some stuff
coming to the med max yes oh man
yeah but I'm assuming what you're
talking about was that he's he doesn't
do much in the film but everything in
that trailer had him tied up yeah yeah
yeah it's right after the trailer and if
you've seen the other bad max movies
he's not you know the most proactive guy
he sort of gets swept up in a situation
and and deals with it because he has to
have you seen all the other Mad Max
movies yeah all of them oh yeah okay um
big fan of the road warrior yeah I don't
care much for the original the originals
it's slower I like it it's a different
type of movie the only one I don't
really care much for is Beyond
Thunderdome I love the first yeah I like
Beyond Thunderdome more than most people
I think it seems like people that grew
up with it like it like that's the one
that everybody saw that was like the
bigger movie that's like a snake oh yeah
they heard that on cable all the time
yeah yeah Beyond Thunderdome is a nice
little character max when he was at his
low point and in road warrior and he
kind of starts gaining some of his
humanity back yeah yeah Thunderdome I
guess I loved the first half of it I
loved Bartertown but once he teams up
with those little kids I'm like get me
out of here he doesn't even have his
awesome car in it no everyone don't
warrior yeah but yeah I love master
blaster I love Bartertown whole I love
the Thunderdome Master Blaster say again
master blaster runs Bartertown the
classic
that first half is great
plus I love the the the Thunderdome
fight itself oh yeah chainsaws oh it's
awesome all that great stuff what's gone
yet magical Oh No
yeah it's funny the reason they just
re-released Mad Max on blu-ray and you
could tell they ported over special
features from like an older release of
it because there's one extra feature
that's like all about praising Mel
Gibson as like movie star in modern
history is all these people talking
about what what an amazing guy Mel
Gibson is like yep this is old do you
think he's going to have a comeback no
no no he'll still be in stuff he's been
in some stuff but no he's never gonna
earn forgiveness for those coming I I
see the light am i with my error of my
way I don't think so
I mean who I'm sure he'll keep being and
stuff and maybe I'll you know be in a
couple bigger things but he'll not never
be what he was what has he been in much
since no I think he was in the second
machete movie which is like a joke but
and he was in that movie the Jodie
Foster directed the beaver I think that
was after that oh the beaver it's yeah I
wanted to see it cuz it's just cuz it
sounded weird but I guess it's not very
social
it sounds like a horror movie about a
killer vagina no it's he plays a guy
that has like a beaver puppet and he
like expresses his feelings through the
beaver puppet it sounds kind of crazy
but I guess it's really some generic and
melodramatic I'm crazy yeah I guess it's
not as crazy as the premise makes a
sound but I never saw that but no he's
gone well Mel Gibson ever have a
comeback
god no too far he's too far yeah like
you have personal problems like drugs
you can come back from that it's like
like Michael Richards when's his
comeback yeah and I never happened well
he was only big in the first place
because I've never guessed you're
Michael Richards a star that's here's
not a Mel Gibson was beloved by millions
yeah I think that makes it worse
and something like what happened was him
happen so with Kramer it's like oh he's
Kramer he was that funny guy in that one
sitcom that really didn't do much else
right but yeah his his star was fizzling
regardless yeah he got a boost
fewer like oh yeah Kramer right but Mel
Gibson like he is one of the biggest I
mean I would this all started because I
was talking about no they just recently
released met the first fan max will be
on blu-ray
Oh screen factory did oh it's tricky and
there was a there's a special feature on
it that was clearly ported over from
like an older release where it's like
the whole special feature is like Mel
Gibson the the most beloved man in
Hollywood and it's just like interviews
with people talking about how much they
love Mel Gibson and what a great guy oh
my god it's like this is this is not a
new special feature that is I mean it's
great it's great that actually almost
makes me want to buy it it's it's a fine
little time capsule no that's great I
need to rewatch the originals Road
Warriors the one to watch well I like
the first one a lot too though I know
some people think it's kind of boring I
think I understand it it's a different
type of movie but I like it mm-hmm it
doesn't even have quite the same like
post-apocalyptic feel no it's it's it's
pre post-apocalyptic it's it's sort of
like society is starting to crumble and
like everyone's turning into violent you
know monsters but we haven't completely
collapsed yet will the apocalypse of Mad
Max it's not nuclear I mean I know they
they had that radioactive water and
Beyond Thunderdome but I mean the
intention was just society breaking down
once the oil dried up wasn't it I
believe so yeah hmm I like it they're
good movies now get around to him
I'm trying what I've been trying to do
is like come up with a scenario
in which Mel Gibson is once again
accepted everyone Sarge I don't think so
here's what needs to happen he saves
burning he saves the burning Jewish
orphanage and in doing so has a
revelation about religion and bigotry
okay and and I'd also saved children
Jewish children yeah and and in that
revelation then it starts a career and
starts his career anew okay with smaller
character driven indie features
eventually leading up to him being the
new Iron Man all right
how did he repent for his horrible
racism though was it right as he said it
was both it was so many I thought it I
thought it's the Jews no no no he said
and it's all like recorded too so it's
like you can't even deny it or that's
what makes it worse because like I
listen to some of the recordings and
it's like he's so filled with hate we
were with this ranting where it's like
this isn't even just somebody like
slipping up an anchor and saying
something stupid like he is so fueled by
anger he he said some horrible things he
saves the the babies from the Jewish
orphanage at the behest of his new black
wife he met while doing aid work in
Africa okay
I'm sure this is this is all going to
happen I mean it would be a beloved
movie star once again this will never
happen but I'm just if that did happen
right what's what's the worst thing an
actor has done that has been forgiven Oh
think of all the terrible things actors
have done any murders have any murderers
been forgiven
Fatty Arbuckle manslaughter has been
forgive
I think not like like murder like just
I'm gonna kill you because I want to
kill you I don't think that's ever
happened I've heard I don't know that
was just legend kind of think that
Matthew Broderick killed somebody yeah
Walter no less that's that happened
there you go yeah
john john landis yeah yeah but that was
all like you know that wasn't like
murder like I don't know it's lately
most languages
yeah but slightly different hmm
that's not like premeditated murder
right right I'm just curious now what
will persuade some so Matthew Broderick
was driving drunk and he killed someone
with a car
with his car okay oh I don't I don't
think I'd heard that he was drunk though
I know that he hit someone with his car
he killed them then that's two very
different things like if he hit someone
yeah I mean it's possible I was drunk
Aisha don't think I had heard that
that's right Rick Moranis is a saying
who's talking about about Rick mark Rick
Moranis is the same yes the best he's
like you know what I'm bored with this
I'm leaving Hollywood and he is left no
no it was more than that his look his
wife was terminally ill was that before
after he already decided to leave though
I think that was after was it I think so
I think that was part of his decision to
leave so he could spend time with his
wife and okay well if so then that's
even more admirable of him I thought it
was like unrelated I think it was it was
the mixture of all of them okay he was
becoming bored yeah and then his wife
got terminally ill so he wanted to spend
time with her and his kids and just
fucked it all it was great yeah did his
own thing what a Grammy yeah at first
his weird country music weird country
damn Rick Moranis is the best yes always
I miss him I wish he would do more stuff
but he gotta respect his decision
now yeah it's okay to leave also wish
yeah well he said like I listen to an
interview with him somewhat recently
with it was done in the last couple of
years where they were talking about like
you know would you ever come back and do
a movie in again he's like yeah if it
didn't inconvenience me like maybe he's
like cuz he's talking about he's like I
you know someone approached me about
doing this really low-budget independent
thing and I was interested in doing it
because I liked the script um but I
didn't end up doing it because it would
have meant that I would had to be away
from home for like six weeks or
something like that and so I didn't do
it and just an idea of like yeah I
thought about doing it like he's still
like not like no I'm not gonna be in
movies anymore earlier he's open to the
idea if it's the right circumstances
he's just the best guy yes the same the
same with Gene Wilder he did an
interview recently oh yeah and this
sounds horrible but I always forget that
he's still alive
hey man Mel Brooks no Mel Brooks is
still kind of he stays in the public eye
quite a bit
does he I haven't I haven't seen a
photograph of him in like 15 years no he
did the producers on Broadway and yeah
he was on a season of Curb Your
Enthusiasm yeah I imagine at this point
he looks like a corpse looks like an old
man he's energetic and a really great
interview with Conan Conan was like
testing out video podcasts and I just
sat down and did long-form interviews
with famous people and Conan and it's
Conan O'Brien and Mel Brooks just
chatting for an hour
oh wow it's awesome huh serious jibber
jabber Ellis is this when Conan wasn't
doing a show no this is this was during
during Conan Conan on CBS he just he's
doing a weird random shit now huh cuz he
doesn't give a fuck how's this shirt
doing on TV yes
it's a show on TBS so I think it's doing
very well on the Internet the next day
okay
his Clips always have high view counts
on the Internet the next day I'm kind of
shocked he didn't end up on a different
network I mean who's offering him the
creative control he wants and at least a
reasonable amount of and of course he
doesn't care about money he got so much
from NBC because gave him money to leave
yeah well they had to yeah because they
broke this contract I did this all
started Gene Wilder Wilder gave an
interview recently and someone asked him
if he ever wanted to act again because
he's left him for so long and he said he
continues to read scripts all the time
oh really he just hates them all sure I
said if I get a script that I like I
will act in it yeah na yeah that's kind
of Rick Moranis
situation too if I like the scripts and
I don't have to leave for very long
right maybe how about this stop writing
bad scripts and you can get these
wonderful people to be in your movies
did you do well what okay
your beard is really coming along yeah
yeah it is do it
I like it it's significantly longer than
you've seen it so far and I'm tell you
what kind of liking it it's getting into
your little shot yeah yeah trim it up a
little bit alright I need to get find
some kind of trimmer you gonna give your
trimmer
Rosalie's works Trevor what are they
like a thousand dollars worth a there
there exactly a thousand dollars oh you
got a beard trimmer for like a hundred
bucks maybe less I'm just got like a
goat munch on it or just let it go
Montel then you got to buy the go and
those are expensive yeah you gotta find
food hmm it's more of a pain in the long
run but only half as much as the
Clippers
hey guys still talking about matthew
broderick are we is that jet caught up
with everyone else okay well we'll be
forgiven first Mel Brooks or door
Jeffrey Jones no Brooks
Mel Gibson Gibson rich Mel Brooks for
Dracula didn't loving him
I have not forgiven him for that you
know and you shouldn't that movie sucks
movie was terrible no Jeffrey Jones no
Mel Gibson before Jeffrey Jones all I'm
saying is I wouldn't rule out a a Mel
Gibson come back someday
I don't know he'll start he'll start
some kind of independent drama that's a
I'll do like a really good job and it'll
start to grease the wheels of him having
a comeback I think I think he's too
nothing he's like old old but I think
he's too old for that at this stage in
his career this Chad has to be way
behind yeah there's they're like they're
like giving us the facts about Matthew
Broderick now are they behind are they
just obsessed with Matthew Brian I think
I think they're very behind I think he
wasn't drunk he was driving on the wrong
side of the road in Ireland oh is
Matthew Broderick oh it was not drunk
just confused and I oh wow that's you
know that makes you feel bad for him oh
that's that's a horrible accident
honestly sorry Chad Debbie you're so far
behind are they behind her you not
scrolled to the bottom and I think we're
not scroll to the bottom of the thing oh
that's probably yeah can you fix it and
make it so oh yeah oh we got D scrolled
we got these scrolls everything's fine
now
are we screaming off of tethered 4G no
we're hardwired in we're hardwired and
Twitch's implementing a new feature
starting tomorrow which we won't be
testing out smart but on Sunday we'll be
testing it out you can opt in and it
promises to reduce the streaming lag you
know right now we say something in like
a minute or so later yeah the chat here
is it and they want to start reducing
that leg to better facilitate
conversations between you and the Jeff
well that makes sense you'll see a small
reduction in video quality to make it
move a little faster but we'll
definitely be trying that out I'm
excited did we catch up yes the chat is
all caught up now maybe fix it ever
sorry everything so nice at least that
delay allowed us to get the true story
on the Matthew Broderick situation so at
least that has some resolution I'm just
trying to think like obviously like OJ
is not doing anything nowadays
he's just being OJ just hanging out in
prison there there are plenty of like
professional athletes who are dickheads
yeah there's some stuff that they seem
to be forgiven for where I'm like really
right but like didn't that boxer who
just won the boxing match like beat the
shit out of his wife or something
I have probably many jokes about that I
only know that through the jokes people
say it about him practicing on his wife
professional athletes in general I'm
sure are fine people it's it's all the
Dickens so you say we'd like to turn a
blind eye to two sports figures more so
than anyone else which is kind of weird
to me it is it's very strange
it's very strange yeah
I don't necessarily understand it nope
all of these sports people that I have
met and interacted with seem to be very
pleasant people I'm sure it's not like
everyone that plays sports is a monster
oh right but it seems like when one does
something kind of heinous they're more
they're forgiven much quicker than yeah
you know an actor would be you're a
musician or something yes because people
like a brother gene ones because because
Americans love their sports it's true
people like it when their team wins
that's it I'm repeating it because it's
so true it's upsettingly true beat his
wife buddy
sure throws a mean fastball yeah I mean
he runs so fast do you think he ran that
fast after the cops were chasing him for
that illegal dogfighting right remember
when he killed all those dogs MVP MVP I
don't even know if that guy Michael Vick
Michael Vick yeah kill the bunch of dogs
made dogs fight each other yep that's a
dickhead right there yep Michael dick oh
I just thought of that up zing it's
funny on the commentary track for the
Naked Gun because you know OJ Simpson's
in that movie yeah yeah they're just
like constantly making fun of him
because the commentary was done after
all his shit oh God like the opening
scene of that movie I don't know unless
I'm you saw but the opening scene is OJ
like sneaking onto a dock and like
listening in so it's like he's wearing
like a ski cap and he's like sneaking
around and they're like the sucker is
like I think it's David sucker is like
now is this part of the movie or is this
just like footage of OJ
see someone who'll never be forgiven No
yeah you cut off your wife's head that's
a little are forgivable well it's just
like it's it's such a weird thing like
forgiving like he's he's innocent in a
court of law
oh yeah so but no no hopefully in his
lifetime we will not forget wasn't he in
prison forever now he'll be out he's
better there awhile isn't he
ah that's the most fucked-up thing that
that's what he's in prison for and
didn't he lose like he lost his civil
suit right yeah where Nicole Simpson
obviously Nicole Simpson's family like
sued him for killing her and he lost it
like he couldn't be tried for murdering
her but they're like oh we can prove it
in civil court that you owe us a bunch
of money for killing her yeah it works
whatever works
but having such an upbeat conversation
here tonight yeah yeah we talk about the
heart issues and Matthew Broderick
things that were relevant 20 years ago
hey he lives in this area right yeah it
was in uh Mequon or he did I don't know
if he still does fighting some people
that worked at the movie theater up
there and he would come in for movies
once in a while no oh that's weird
what's he do it appeared oh yeah I live
somewhere never been spoken
unless you're a pedophile yes there's
some stain I forget where it is where
they be laws on like where you gonna
live or so harsh like you get to be so
many miles from this Florida Florida
that there's like technically there's
literally no we're out of state a
pedophile who's been released from
prison can live oh there's no worry
that's not far enough away from school
huh well oh oh I thought you're talking
to did they just did a story about this
like a couple months ago there's like a
sliver in Florida and it's like Oh Lord
is the only place they can't no no like
in a certain city in Florida there's
like an underpass pedo Hill
yes no it has and it's like this little
sliver of a bunch of hobos and pens it's
a bunch of the hobo pedophiles much
purer sciences children beware
oh yeah the real thing Wow any children
less than 50 feet of that underpass Oh
God
no this was this was a this was like an
NPR story for a while like they sent
reporters down to interview people and
some of them came back okay no we're
making fun of dickheads and pedophile
yeah we're laughing at monsters yes oh
thank you Kate King kyudo Wikipedia you
can look don't go to this underpass find
out where it isn't don't know where
isn't it oh that would be great
Thunderdome but for peridot pedophiles
no the problem is what does the winner
get yeah you wouldn't want anyone to win
Ryan
the winner gets some Scotch to help him
forget yeah that took a tea jar probably
yep that's all right I'm gonna go out on
a limb here I'm gonna I'm gonna if
someone has asked a question and I'm
going to assume everybody's answer okay
I'm gonna give you the answer first
we don't give a flying fuck now I'd like
to present you with the question I'm
assuming it's something what do you feel
feel about this movie that's coming out
yeah movie the entourage movie oh I've
never seen entourage it looks like a
show about a bunch of douche bags I
think I think that's what it is
I don't watch that it's unapologetically
that okay no thanks Greg I've seen I've
seen it a couple seasons of Entourage
it's fine it has pretty ladies in it who
sometimes get very close to being naked
or naked okay so I'm okay with that
it's fine it's not great I can't imagine
why they're making a movie yeah that
seems weird it's like not that there was
never like a huge show right I mean it
was on for several seasons and it had a
following but
popular enough I guess it seems weird
that they would make a movie out of it
no yeah I agree but again I don't know
much about it so yeah it's it was kind
of funny during one of the seasons oh
fuck oh you're totally fucked oh how far
do you have to go back
fuck yeah okay you just have to go back
one but yeah you're gonna go I gotta go
back to three by the time I get there
yeah yeah yeah shields it no no I get
for not checking first you gotta check
Sandra's I've running gag and one of the
later season the second or third season
is they're making James Cameron is
directing the Aquaman movie okay and a
lot of the the tongue-in-cheek joke was
of course they'd never make an Aquaman
so that's why rich knows that's why they
have the wines he just wasn't paying
attention he was yeah Entourage
don't be here it is jump
oh yeah situation yeah yeah
do it I do like nope
did someone teleport yeah that dickhead
over time
you can do it rich
your god jump oh you're gonna write to
the exit get a fire one good enough huh
well I'm gonna moved up by the time I
got there yeah but no no you could have
farmed one more and then gone back to
the exit either way you'd have to either
way you'd have to fight at the exit I
just want to live right now sure sure
are my kids gaming pros now no but still
noobs still horrible noobs they've
gotten over their love of shovel knight'
it's it's now moved to Lego Batman
I mean yeah they still love shovel
Knight fun but you know let me Batman
Batman
Leggett land Lego Batman this is not
good oh you're now we're fucked
I do want to get them like I I would
have preferred it if they could have
played shovel knight with the NES
gamepad just the way I had it set up
they were playing on the ps4 but I think
it would have been better for them to
play it on the NES USB what I'm glad you
enjoyed the gags of shovel the shovel
knight episode I enjoyed that too I got
a little silly that was a good episode
yeah a little silly with the editing and
I liked it that happens sometimes we're
gonna die yeah it's almost inevitable oh
you can do it I believe in you know
about engines but for why that scrolling
lists of every platformer on the NES was
100% accurate I did not add more to be
silly and I made it scroll as fast as I
could with like with everything still
being visible and I want to say it's
like a minute and a half
girl yes me you can't see how many help
points you have because it see the
screens effect oh jesus H Christ I can't
believe you got out of that yeah let's
be honest oh you could get the number
parallel yeah I got a prepare so much am
I gonna be able to buy weapons for the
next sectors this is a huge disaster you
know maybe
yeah there were there are 800 titles on
the NES and 450 of them we're
platformers
I'm shocked it's not a higher percentage
the honest truth I'm sure it's I I made
up a number I don't remember the exact
number I'd be willing to guess 80% of
the best titles for sometimes platformer
all right
you know what I'm down with that Matthew
the ship is now 88% duct-tape how the
true how true you could do this man you
could do this don't tell me what I can
and can't do this this is why you can't
do
if you're blowing your nose it's not
boogers it's not what's a booger a
booger is like when you pick your nose
and you get a little booger snot is when
it's more liquidy mucusy okay there we
go
like there could have been some boogers
in there I don't know it went in the
tissue and I don't check okay you got to
look for these things cuz you don't want
to come back here and say you got a
booger when you got snot
I just into tissue I blew a mixture of
boogers okay I'm not the kind of person
that will blow their nose and then look
at the tissue I think there are those
type of people and they make me see
see you're fine you're good to go
so what do you got you got a flat cam it
kind of salmon you got flat cam in a
beam you don't need that beam Oh
flakka being yeah that's pretty good I
always need help her down yeah but it
takes the three fucking things he's a
great fucking weapon that's why it takes
three things spend money to make money
uh yeah this is true this is by and by
the way you're right Jay also and and it
some much-needed class to the show in
our booger versus not but hey this is
medical this is important oh oh you give
the Automator reloader i had to sew my
scanner in my long-range scanners how
the fuck did okay the reason I'm not
dead right now
oh you know for an automated reloader
that's worth it you know that means
superfast flak super fast blackie oh
good luck watching fury mo road as mike
i hope you enjoy it he's from Australia
that how's Mike he sent us Australian
movies oh yeah so you should enjoy more
than anyone oh is this one also in
Australia where the first one basis it's
their Australian movies yeah yeah the
first one is a part of the the obsolete
ation movement at that period the late
seventies early eighties but I mean is
the setting based in Australia I wasn't
never really I don't think they ever
specifically say but I mean everybody's
Australian sure um everybody has the
accents now there's a great documentary
called easy come easy go Jack what these
come easy go great oh oh I see that
you're on fire oh I'm sorry for your
impending doom and
Wow Boop
I'm very sorry that's okay that's okay
is it yeah I'm I'm done playing shit I
know what you wanna do
what time is it 10400 it's almost 11:00
yeah we call it I've I got this head
cold I can't come straight I can barely
comes ready for talking to you guys yeah
we got we got shit to edit I got a I got
I got I gotta make a shit tonight you
gotta make a shit I gotta make it well
not a shit I got I have to make a putter
thing tonight oh yeah and I've already
lost my train of thought this is how how
bad my head cold this that's unfortunate
my fur I hate it I hate it
yeah flying in planes I just don't want
to get it that's all I want
it's too late it's too late any last
things you want to talk about Wow
