Episode 285
Police Quest: The Quest for More Police (Part 2)
June 13, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFsjsJfQPY0
___________________________________________

what I missed wasn't important we read
you Lucky Strikes
we read your test no I don't Willie I
mean it's right there I think you gotta
have to write
testing testing picture right boo sexy
pics lady can you make that for our
background drop the sexy pixel yes we
can I'm assuming I'll lose the game if I
order a drink you get drink yeah you're
on duty just for fun go look at picture
did you save I save the game and then
order a drink
now I'm going to I can't move yep that's
great
I'll go look at that nudie picture see
if we can get a better shot of this wall
hangs centerfold from the June 86 issue
of generally gnarly biker magazine sweet
Cheryl gnarly of the month you're right
you should type in takeoff uniform all
right back on Patrol
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo I'm looking for light blue cars
after I got on the road did you what did
I save after I got on the road I'll do
it again it's just it always it always
be saving looking at you light blue car
you had anything funny you stopped at a
red light that's nice oh my god you
almost crashed died again I can make the
angles no you can't me thank those well
I shouldn't do it there but I'm assuming
at some point I'm gonna have to get on
that highway Jack how about never do
that again you didn't like my song I
like my son all right so we're driving
around looking for things looking for
all right go to the police station look
up Lonnie West in their computers Oh was
your you tried to go on patrol for a bit
longer first I'm assuming I think I'll
go back to the police
when I need to looking for we're looking
for traffic violations we're looking for
a light blue car to be acting suspicious
I wonder if you could well maybe we'll
just run into a speeder maybe due to its
so far away from the mic right now damn
joke rich one rich one
it's a damn joke
mr. jazz up ooh
Oh pull him the fuck over okay rooty
trap steps when a violation has been
witnessed stop the violator as quickly
as possible to minimize the hazard we'll
try to be driving thank you I tried it
did not work did not work as advertised
what do you have to do pull car over
typo car Oh you lose if you run one red
light until last time where was that in
this area
this dream is too happy what cuz we're
having fun we're playing questing I
pulled off an amazing Dead Rising stream
right I'm at a good mood
rich rich nailed Dead Rising we're
having a fun stream we filmed the
episode today we're being productive
fuck everything man is a great day
everything's great about today it's
Sunday it's a great day to not be dead
it's a great day to not be dead who the
weather was kind of decent even though
raining rains okay yeah I don't mind
rain rain doesn't depress me
grey skies do but it's okay if it's
raining well but you know I do you know
like if you're an outside first I spent
some time outside today I went for a
nice walk got some coffee it was great I
tried to go hat shopping today this is
my cat shopping this is my riveting
story I want to hear this riveting hat
stories the riveting hands this is what
you get if you want a riveting story as
hopefully all of you know in chat I am a
bald bald man okay yep red car I'm a
bald bald man and so when I and I don't
much care for sunscreen I have like a
pokeball over over
next to maybe
okay there we go
everybody's I observe this time holds up
great so I'm a vault man I don't much
care for sunscreen I don't wear a do
dispatch oh nice
Kia radio 80 332 your vehicle check on
license um oh my mother
oh my mug what the hell is the mg oh my
fuck maybe it's like a that's a kind of
car I don't know what's the license
plate okay well I'm fine
Yuki your radio 83 32 suspect license
plate oh my
Mugen oh my mug your radio crackles
currently registered no once-great I
love the procedure sweating it
I have no idea it doesn't say
oh my Ming
well well just every poor little rich
girl needs a little red sports car I
think this game is classist you should
look at her before you talk to her okay
as you look into the car you wonder can
this be happening what you gonna do to
get out of his ticket the young lady has
a smile that could note the police now
polar ice caps beautiful flashing eyes
gorgeous hair and her unbuttoned blouse
makes it obvious she has nothing died
shit oh look he's blinking yes damn her
what did I do wrong officer she says
showing her best smile I'm truly sorry
sir I honestly did not even see that red
light is there anything I can do to
convince you to let me off and I do mean
anything I mean we asked for blowjob
right
what's a blow to honey don't oh I know I
am yeah well how what that's what it
takes I suppose it's all right you
quickly trade your integrity for a
shagging and Turin sex
a phone number is 5 5 5 4 3 6 9 she says
with a smile give me a call sometime I
mean what do we do do we let her off
that I wrote down their phone number she
sounds very grateful she says thank you
officer
please call me and soon did you write
down the phone I did write down the
phone number but is that gonna be a fail
stable yeah I am going to assume yes
yeah but we're going back to the coffee
shop with the phone to see if we get see
if we can decide yeah cuz I'm sure
that's gonna have her that's great see
you later
you know what I'm probably gonna fail as
soon as I Drive off hello hots that's
great you just think that broads days
yeah great give it a coffee-shop go
what Oh fuck's sake oh you wouldn't do
it
yeah that's bullshit
yeah you have to see what happens if we
if we get to have sex with her man
nice job studly okay so my really quick
riveting had story yeah is that trying
to go we have we have in my neighborhood
a legit haberdashery a place that sells
fancy hats and I need a hat for my bald
head not just like a baseball cap I need
a hat with a brim mm-hmm
because if I'm outside I get a sunburn
yeah that's just think I need to add and
I'm going on another trip this week
and I need a hat or else I'm gonna get
sunburned on my head and a ton of people
were out walking in the neighborhood
today and the stupid hat shop was closed
said well how can you how can you be
closed I'm already walking around I was
really upset and so now I won't have a
chance to go hat shopping I don't think
I want a fedora like I was gonna look at
trail B's just cuz they have brims this
is not I mean you know like a fedora for
anyone who doesn't know this is the
advantage owns hat
yeah wide brim it would make more sense
for me because it would cover the most
real estate I don't know if it'd look
good for me but I was looking at trail
B's look at Epidaurus
or else I'm just gonna say fucking wear
a baseball cap if I could get away with
it I'd wear like one of those like
Arabian night like not a turban thing
but just like the thing that covers your
head and drapes over the back of your
neck neck but I can't get away with that
because I would look ridiculous if I
could get away with it I would get a
fucking parasol I wear a parasol or walk
around with a parasol every day but I
can't yeah in any case hey Dad
I don't think I had it would look good
on me and so I need to go hat shopping
with I'm gonna remember that one of
these days that I don't have do you know
knows I need to go hat shopping with my
wife to make sure I don't look
ridiculous cuz I can't pick out things
for myself number two down okay five
five five five nine five four three six
nine its ringing hello yes Helen
speaking so basically you said so sex
now I don't know you're trying to call
Sonny bones but I recognize your voice
this is Helen hacker you pervert just
different hell I'm not one house she
gave us a different number you're in
trouble
oh my god it's Police Commissioner
hackers wife and you are knee-deep in
well do do oh hey Kilroy thanks for the
week for the hat job well I knew that
was gonna happen but it was fun yeah I
mean we had to see we had we had to okay
now let's fucking she she can't get away
with her sexy ways especially if she's
gonna fake numbers fuck her
I just liked how you calling her like hi
sex excuse me miss blood would you like
it's me the policeman it's sexing time
okay talk to girls in a soft seductive
voice she murmurs my officer I'm just
sure I didn't do anything wrong
give ticket oh ask for a license
probably yeah my name is Helen Helen
Hunt's she says she says is heat
detectors go off for miles around oh
come on
what's yours handsome all business ma'am
we know you don't put oh look at that
being the veteran you are you overcome
temptation stairway straighten me eyes
may I please see your driver's license
family she's hopping mad as she else
oh you cops are all alike oh you care
about is making your closes well come on
snap it up I don't know what I'm doing
I've completely lost it I'm gonna hurry
mr. bigshot traffic cop I'm sorry met
one guys like you make me want to want a
big dip of snuff really you never give a
decent girl a break you do you just also
people you do chewing tobacco and you're
a you're a lady
you're gross a big dip of snuff all
right now what do I do
what do I do what's the pager it just
says for routine traffic stops you stop
quickly right right ticket flatly you
tiller you ran a red light back there
miss
I'm truly sorry sir I honestly did not
even see that red light is there
anything I can do to convince you to let
me off and I do mean anything I'm sorry
lady
we know you give out fake numbers we're
not falling for that again writing a
ticket no you can't write a ticket
without your pinch book you don't need
it it's already in the car
gift warning we're not giving her a
warning she ran a red light and then she
gave us a fake number when she offered
us sex and that's worse than running the
red light you offer sex you give sex
that's rule number one rule number two
is don't run red lights
ah it's ticket book zoms alum we will
not try to backhand a ho not yet at
least
if we run into a ho we will attempt to
backhand her yes snuff can be put under
your lip or sniffed I thought snuff was
like a was a term for chewing tobacco
I got dip of snuff maybe I don't know
what snuff is
no no no it's okay okay okay
snuff is snorted what's what is snuff
snuff is chewing tobacco snuff is
tobacco you sniff that's a real thing hi
the fuck would you do that that's crazy
you can't make fun of me and then offer
to do anything right to get right ticket
open oh she got mad you carefully fill
in all the necessary information on the
citation she's hopping mad as she else
oh you cops her I'm like all you care
about is making your quotas well come on
snap it up I'm gonna hurt you mr.
bigshot traffic cop send lesson yeah the
same line with the snuff okay
oh okay she stopped off for insects Oh
for fuck's sake whatever give a lady a
ticket
I think we had to reload because we lost
the pen
she took her pen she won't get me back
those those bastards okay can i arrest
her for theft I'm a cop I can do that
ask for pen how can you do that oh you
fucking cunt
arrest lady she stole my fucking pen Oh
fuck's sake yes Oh frisk for pen can you
frisk her now you can now by the way we
could backhand abajo lady stealing pens
up in here as unnecessary
unnecessary swallow horseshit once once
more into the breech you can do this
rich
I do wish in general that this style of
shirt would come back into fashion I
think yeah I think all appreciate that
any ladies out there
I think the retro look is in and the
shoulder drapes low-hanging shirt is
something that I think is coming back
into style so heads up okay all right
now we need to get her to sign this
without stealing my pen oh oh thank you
lady ticket as your eyes meet your
momentarily stunned what a face
what a pair of eyes what a pair of
headlights subtle subtle you know you
you drawer with big cans I'm ready we
don't need that we don't need to hear it
twice
that's jokes
ask her to sign ticket Oh Oh God
she hands your ticket book back it's
just with a sarcastic smile why don't
you shove that pen where the Sun don't
shine
officer mommy and daddy really
what's that mommy and daddy and
therefore I don't understand what what
so did you say what
okay levels of enforcement level one
firm professional conducts situation a
person shows passive verbal resistance
usually on a routine stops use firm
professional conduct in most cases this
will prevent the situation from
escalating be refrained from abusive
language or threats it will only
escalate the situation level two
hand-to-hand combat
she verbally pounds you again officer
did your mother have any children that
lived
that's a weird insult she's saying I'm
dead
that's the insult that's weird okay next
yeah next time she gives us a stove
we're going straight to hand-to-hand
combat I'll tell you that let's get the
fudge out of here shoot cans that's
great all right let's arrange the young
woman shrieks as you drive off your mama
wears army boots you bleep head
what what the fuck right this people I
think this is written by a former
policeman oh yeah okay well we did it we
we did it we did our first traffic stop
I feel really good about that oh my god
you almost crashed that scared the shit
out of me but you saved yeah od Gannicus
we're not gonna pistol-whip the hole she
was a hotel she was a ho door what's
next what I don't know what happens next
should we pause and thank subscribers
yeah that's what happens next
hey we're gonna pause thank subscribers
no what the fuck just reminded us to
think we're home rich needs to alt-tab
oh shit oh you do know we're not
connected that's my fault
I fucked up I fucked up so I fucked up
as everyone here knows leftover beefcake
made us a great piece of software that
would archive all of the subscribers
rich open it up and forgot to turn it on
yep I'm sorry rich is a giant I'm so
sorry i'm thorry Sagan 12:20 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
we got this great thing ok say what if
you subscribe today during the stream
let us know right now let us know and
I'll say them yes quickly let us know
yes rich is the crocodile brain yep yeah
I have a crocodile brain crocodile
brains me instant relief it is never
unknown Oh technical difficulties run
sky dandy thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it and also fail spin
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
leftover beefcake don't write a program
that controls were about arm that
backhands us cuz you'll use it all the
time Dungeon Master Blaster thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
future future J thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do purple space
balloon and Chernobyl Chernobyl kinsmen
you didn't say you subscribe you just
let me to say your name so I just did
that thing you asked me to do we really
appreciate it
did you send a bunch of ps4 games I see
a bunch of ps4 games there
JP versus the world thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
did someone send all those games rich
which games so there's a bunch of ps4
games alright soon loser like yours no
somebody sent those I just thought those
are yours if apparently whoever opens
the mail around here didn't tell us no I
I assume that was all you know Wow nice
and Jarvik thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
yeah yeah purple space bazooka those
have been sitting around for a while I
actually thought Jack brought those in
once when we filmed that Avengers half
in the bag as we had our we brought in
our video game ship for the set sure I
thought those are just jacks games that
he brought in so no yeah they've been
sitting around I thank you thank you and
apparently the guys when they open the
mail never bother to tell us that you
sent that wonderful gift but thank you
alright
and and I might have to go backhand J
and Mike for another reason anyone who
watched our Avengers episode yeah might
have noticed a little something missing
from the fucking credits oh really like
you know someone who was in the episode
might not have been credited in the end
of the in the avengers episode okay
you're gonna love the one that just did
from that max where they start off the
episode by insulting us he went the foul
on a bald one you know what that was
funny
yeah but uh they forgot my credit in the
avengers episode
it's Jay's fault I talked to Jay about
it we will not be talking about
fury road for one I don't think jack is
seated and Jack is wrong tonight I've
seen it for another one I don't want I
don't want to spoilers I'm just gonna
say it's it's fucking amazing the movies
fucking amazing it's the best time I've
had watching a movie in forever and a
day yeah yes yeah it's some good shit
what oh I was just looking someone asked
where my mic was and it looks like my
level is weird you didn't touch that at
all no okay I'm here okay respond to a
complaint at Kara Oh Carole's caffeine
castle great place comes up a lot I did
think making fun of us in the newest
half of the bag was very funny
I was accredited for the Avengers up so
Jay just copy and pasted the credits
from the previous episode not thinking
to add me to it this is also not the
first time they've left me out of the
credits of an episode but you know what
it's fine everything's fine everything's
fine I backhanded the Jay I'm rich
crashed his please just say I need to be
a bit more generous in driving
yeah Jay you're a J copy and pasted the
credits which happens when you're when
you're trying to do things quickly and
he feels really bad about it and I made
him feel bad about it for for a while
before saying he was okay but Jay also
left me out of the credits for the
episode where I was mailman Tommy and
I've never forgiven him for that as that
was an acting role
you know like when he opens the door
gets out of the car I really want to see
her a Robocop game done in the style
Sierra's the sound effects could be a
little clump when you walk a striker I
agree with that
Avengers being kind of mid tier Marvel
Cinematic Universe link entertaining but
yeah overall it'll it's it's a bridge
it's not the climax it's a bridge it's
fine if you're into the cinematic
universe it's a fine addition but but
yeah it's not it's not what the first
ventures was oh oh sunny those drunken
bikers in the bar next door taken up all
the parking really taking all the
parking places they're part of my cafe
they just have no consideration for
others where my customers gonna park
would you ask them to move their
motorcycles please great another chapter
in your life of big-time crime stopping
parking space Hawking honestly why is
she so upset about this I've radioed in
do you have your nightstick with you yes
I'm pretty sure I can grab that out of
the car double-check why so many in the
chat single going do you need it no I'm
looking up the levels of enforcement
level twos head-to-head combat okay
and it says you might have to use your
nightstick so level one is what this is
gonna come up these guys aren't gonna
want to move their bikes we know this
use firm Professional Conduct in most
cases this will prevent the situation
from escalating refrain from abusive
language or threats okay level 2a
suspects threat indicates imminent
physical attacked no weapons visible
call for backup unit if possible use
Department approved hand-to-hand combat
if appropriate used PR 24 nightstick
okay level three deadly force we won't
get
yeah probably not probably as he heads
for the back room the bartender mumbles
under his breath here comes trouble
oh the we are so hand-to-hand combat
lots of blood sweat and tears and other
things have been deposited in wino
willies leader or this bunch comes over
you and says well well if it ain't the
tidy-bowl man
well well if it ain't the chattable man
go there you go
what the bleep do you want Bianca oh
shit dog
asked to tell firm voice right firm
professional conduct man - wolf bike
what's the total all right ask man to
move Miz no bike bike talk to man the
animal in the black leather jacket says
we don't talk to no pigs I think we
should go with leftover beefcake
suggestion of Dead or Alive you're
coming with me
this ain't the kind of place would do
good as chump man top no pants ready of
a backup if non-compliant let's see here
person shows okay level one the firm
Professional Conduct a person shows
passive verbal resistance usually under
routine slaps do use firm professional
comic oh we do look at girl wait say the
kind of lizard yeah you said very look
at girl oh nothing special
well we did just pull over that hottie
in the question she's probably looking
look at her look at those friends you
can't really tell but she's probably all
saggy yep
in the back of a motorcycle probably at
15 she's done that she's done nothing
but like smoke for the last 30 years all
you're seeing is the flaps of leathery
clear alright how do we resolve this
take the darts away you want to take the
toys away
I mean they're playing darts not
listening to you let's see here we don't
tie he's just saying we don't talk to no
pigs right yeah it's like I think you
need to get in the way of their game
might get again there it's retarded I'm
gonna die when the dart hits me well
save
though
okay I mean so you're right but you save
you have been nailed by a four grimdark
tossed by a 250 pound biker good job
next time watch where you're walking
okay so I'm going right to the
nightstick yeah Eric off Rebecca yep yep
so you did that yep okay get out a
nightstick yeah let's fuck him up just
do that yourself okay
because we're not listening to you
oh wow where's handcuff procedure I
think we're at a handcuffed procedure
yet we need to get him talking demand
compliance don't what's the demand what
man are you talking do Batman by her
head drink well no you can't do that
god the server in a real world we just
beat the shit out of this man right he's
coming right for me living shit
type in he's coming right for me okay
someone has a good suggestions which is
a go outside and check search their bike
sounds that sounds fine that's a
reasonable thing did you radio for
backup
yeah okay I mean in this safe I did that
when I walked in okay sorry
oh you died October bikes I can't be
good
no no your yeah I mean you're fucking
dead or is that what you're supposed to
do I doubt it
and now you can fight him maybe maybe
here we go here we go
it's happening it's all happening Todd
and bold man it's hell
what's the tale see here let's see what
we got here
let's see let's say let's try well
should I go I'm do the bike knocking
over can you wonder they're not back no
vibra strong again Oh move bikes
can you just say move bikes hold up hold
up
I thought the gun is the solution I know
I can draw the gun but I doubt we're
going right to shooting people
yeah they're just like parts like
illegally Oh
Oh No run plates how do that inspect
plates fun because we there's a
motorcycle missing Oh check the VIN
numbers yeah my momma yeah momma
what's a yeah my mom no just bad news no
no all right all right
read plates was read
no no all right now this
set fire to bikes I don't think I don't
think that would help I think I think I
like the suggestion of just telling you
know like get darts oh god he's still
shooting oh wait wait
the best way to play darts is to save
your game turn off your computer and buy
a dart board maybe you'll get to play
darts in please cause - oh I think so
much to play deterrents
I just want to interrupt their game yeah
I think that's the smart an idea that's
why I wanted you again there I talk to
the bartender bartender win him back
type in move bikes Steve was he gonna do
physically move all four bicycles no no
I mean go up to the man and Oh cuz
that's a firm way instead of asking him
to move bikes you just say move bikes
okay
just see if that works dynamo man him I
like that I like that
how'd he plan on making us yeah good
work jack good well that wasn't me that
was the chat that was 100% the chat Oh
say good night Pig yeah whoo and take a
defensive stance the head biker quickly
backs down saying excuse us if you're
gonna be rough with us well we'll just
leave quietly nice
come on guys let's blow this joint nice
that's what was throwing us off was
trying to put the word tell in there
exactly yeah okay ladies other local
working girl who's nothing special
seated at the bar seems to know you
she hops from the stool and shouts Sonny
buns
Santa bonds that you my hero well I'm
glad you showed up let's just prostitute
working girl so yeah that was guys it's
some pretty strange ideas
she's a crack whore oh that's stupid
that's stupid go with it go with it
doctor lady she's no lady what's cookin
good-lookin says your old friends sweet
cheeks Marie honey I haven't seen you
around lately this was written by a man
you want
information
next about one EU west mm that's Alani
that's right just say Lonny west yes
death annual nope Oh escalating
exactly yeah
sweet cheeks Marie about we asked about
business business
I swallow my pride prices how much
I just know you want something
is there like a look at lady
you recognize Sweet Cheeks Murray has an
old chum from high school she's
obviously failed stewardess school his
ladies can be stewardesses or
prostitutes that's it there's no one but
well I suppose they could also be
waitresses yeah I think you should ask
for prices
what's the prices ask about high school
what's a hi this game don't know nothin
about nothin'
No get out here get out of here yeah
this something's going on there's
special music I mean we should we should
probably ask for a blowjob
oh yeah I know that was a joke whoa oh
meeting who
but I want to just type in Lonnie West
now standing more we can do more
crocodile brain says ask about client
ask about drugs
- very try that
without the ladybird
as well what drums drums
oh nice one - thank you
don't see the some of these people are
probably reading guides sure you know
what I heard the other day says Murray
there's a big dope man trying to take
over Litton he tries to call himself the
Death Angel I don't know no more about
him but this John was sure a peculiar
duck
I only seen him once and I'm not sure
about his name I think it was Kaufman
Herr Hoffman or something like that
Hoffman or Hoffman on it spiffy dresser
ooh
flower tattoo above his left nipple
he's real spiffy dresser but the
funniest thing guy has a sweet little
flower tattoo above his left nipple it
was kind of cute really got it that's
the only real news in town
sweet thing almost oh yeah that's the
only real news in town sweet thing in
return for the information on the death
angel you tell sweet cheeks of the
upcoming undercover crackdown on
prostitution called operation trick trap
I need to call there's more information
that's a logical thing are you sure okay
sure sure yeah for information look look
we can do better than some prostitute
okay we can do better
apparently we can't okay great
come see me sometime when we can spend
more time Darla I was awkward that was
all right get that get out here let's
this good keep driving Hoffman or
Coffman with flower tattoo above left
nipple I have no recollection of how
long this game is yeah we'll play it to
a figlio big it up next time we should
finish it now that we've started it we
need to finish it well I'm not saying we
shouldn't drive around look at blue car
again I guess I can't you just pull over
the next light blue car for no reason I
don't think so I mean I doubt that'll
work try try yeah why not I say if I
came first yep dick neutral say we need
to go back to carols maybe as a as stop
reading the hints huh stop reading them
it makes sense it does make sense but
also safe yes we'll save or save now cuz
you're gonna get into a car crash that
tempting fate I'm trying you know I'm
trying to read chat because sometimes
you guys yeah like so we can talk about
things but you know I see a hint and
then it's like oh yeah you know we
helped Carroll with her parking thing we
should have talked to her that's our
mistake what are you doing back here
again sunny careless I just took care of
your shit Carol I just took care of your
shit Carol Carol asked about shit yeah
yeah that was a bad suggestion day for
you drill was just too late we missed a
thank you scene I don't know whatever I
don't know all right
I'm just clicking a restoring hospital
smile okay yeah all right here we go
here we go here we go blue cars traffic
violations
who's fucking up our town yellow cars
look kind of fast
alright there's a blue car is he acting
suspicious yeah
whoa whoa rich
oh there's cars in driveways too that's
why I can't drive hey if you want a
steer nope nope
I feed your future J what what's up
what's going on stuff
was this originally a dos game oh god
yes I like I like that
okay did I do a bad do a crime it's
swarming oh oh it is swerving that's a
drunk driver right there oh there's
there's drunk driver protocol like bitch
I hate driving in this game that's
awesome okay get back to that pink car
where was it
we're gonna catch you you drunk driving
some rich you're driving drunk walk were
driving I hate it they hate it but I
don't want to do it how did I do this is
a child right how did that ever happen
unlimited patience because a video game
was on yeah anything for a video game
rich yeah okay
oh whoa whoa whoa and there's the drunk
driver that's so funny
like I never swerve but we owe and ran a
red light turn on your sirens you do
this I can't drive this stupid car that
someone was safe when I get close to
they're saying you can use diagonal Keys
as well make driving a bit easier I
don't know that I'll make it easier I
might just make it more confusing right
all right where is it where is he
where's that drunk driving some a bitch
driving drunk in my town oh nice okay so
yeah I guess you have to you can't turn
on the lights like right behind ya you
can't speed up to them well but even
when you had your lights on you weren't
you were never directly behind him you
need to be like directly all right I'm
assuming we have to turn on closer
that's my assumption okay
intoxicated driver procedures one detect
possible intoxication by observing
erratic driving
- after stopping the suspect to
determine his condition by determining
the the odor of alcoholic beverage
administering a FST field sobriety tests
on Jay you question the approach the
vehicle is there one male seated behind
the wheel rolling down his window
appears to be quite a challenge to him
nice radio for backup radio use use
dispatch rain check and personalized
license plate programmer 1 this is gonna
be a deficit interview be currently
registered dispatch returns with
programmer one is clear with valid local
registration in the name of art
Caribbean okay whose record check shows
two prior DUI conviction art who art
very sorry art yes savegame look at the
glassy watery eyes of a middle-aged man
he is certainly feeling no pain
talk to man your voice it sounds like
Tiny Tim singing there a mouthful of
crackers and fumbles with this wallet my
license right you're hearing you right
ask for sex oh sorry
male 5 8 199 pounds look at - none -
McIntosh Street restrictions programmer
to get it I don't get it right tickets
no no we need a field sobriety test how
do we do this it says we need to detect
the odor of alcoholic beverage sniff
smell a car smell a car yeah
take a whiff it's like a strong odor of
an alcoholic beverage a now we need to
give FST FST yeah you can't do that with
a suspect
our command wait wait hmm our command o
calling arc man Oh exit car
I don't think tell them - sure
gentleman responds to your request died
uh yes sir I must say next
so now no anything give FS t field
sobriety test you quickly administer the
field sobriety test and our amused as
your subject gives his best imitation of
a young swab tempting its first take off
by the book what's next so now we need
to arrest him right Kaufmann read man
read man writes first we handcuff and
search suspect the drunk begs you could
you cuff me in front please I'm not
feeling so good nope nope male suspects
must be handcuffed behind the back not
whining sick a chance you explain I'm
sorry sir but departmental policy
dictates all custody arrests shall be
restrained by proper handcuffing
procedure and that means behind your
back women suspects may be handcuffed in
front at your discretion
really yeah that's what it says
interesting you place your shut your
subject under arrest for the violation
of Lippmann's City vehicle code VC two
three five zero two driving while under
the influence
search suspect man pat-down the
gentlemen and find no weapons now read
man his rights all right carefully
admonish your suspect of his Miranda
rights to abridge remain silent what'd
you say it may be used against you in
the court of law you have the right to
an attorney if you cannot afford an
attorney one will be appointed to
represent you before questioning if you
wish nice yeah nice yeah it's here any
instructions I don't know I guess we're
gonna get
the car so take man to car
reluctantly he says okay where are we
going
so not so it's not to excite him you say
oh we're just going to take a little
ride to see some friends of yours it's
okay buddy come on
oh what a nice guy oh look it's got a
little head bobble suppose he can't open
the door on his father not open the back
door open the door oh that's where
you're standing I suppose OOP don't
forget to close the door us it'll roll
right out the cover in front you suppose
he chokes you on the road I mean maybe
her like try to escape and her yeah I do
wonder what's gonna happen but we're
going by the fucking book here all right
we did it rich
Oh God where do we take this guy to the
J Oh to the jail I know where the jail
is where's the jail who takes that car I
mean you use radio
oh yeah use radio that's a good idea
isn't somebody had to pick up the car
radio for tow truck I don't know nothing
said something about that what about my
car oh here we go
don't worry it'll be toned somewhere
safe in your expense right the jails way
at the bottom Oh save yes yes jails way
at the bottom 7th streets and River Road
which is the bottom road bottom like I
just along the bottom sent along the
bottom you know like the the last row
find it we'll find it the bottom road is
real open yeah it down even one more oh
god oh god oh god nice
I got eyes I got eyes it's that one
there is that one that big building I
never yep it's that big brick building
that's the jail cuz he probably have to
take him to the jail I can only assume
right well yeah the station didn't seem
like I had once alright yep City Jail
her already take him to the courthouse
usually I do
cuz there's the courthouse is right next
door hold on that's gotta be the channel
I mean well tell me to fuck off I guess
right let's see here look at
because the police station that did not
have like the facilities oh yeah here it
is Reid suspects his rights transport
prisoner to jail jail okay look around
II was the officers booking entrance to
the living city jail the exercise yard a
prisoner dribbles continuously he also
bosses is basketball oh that's right and
see that's racist
that's not stereotyping that's just
racist what is this look at Walker what
are those these lockers are used to
store officers weapons while they're
inside the jail on business how they go
that seems insane what if what if
somebody breaks out in like the jail
well it's in the locker it's locked in
the locker it better than that have them
take off take your weapon off you in a
jail I guess see Manos fate hands rich
feels the same way and I'm with rich
that typing is better than pointing and
clicking I also prefer typing it seems
to you use you know use a different part
of your brain yeah when you have to type
it out yeah it seems it seems more
natural it's it seems like more useful
think outside of the box rather than
just click on things looking at what you
what what can interact with yeah click
on does this interact with that notice
in Iraq no does this interact with no
yeah think about what you're doing and
why you're doing it which is what's
great about the Sierra game its what's
great about text event there's angry dog
I know I was trying to put away the
nightstick it said it had to go in the
car Oh does it well I might be okay to
bring the nightstick inside let me talk
to the guys at the door first
you had that one as I'm assuming there's
a buzzer looks like a buzzer by the door
look at look at look at ya and that's
right Johnny beam no ho like in a point
and click game you can just like
randomly click on the screen until
eventually you click on something that's
click honorable you know here you add
the prisoner it's all in your mind yes
with a sex adventure yes there's no
there's no cheating the system yes
which i think is wonderful we I do talk
about that in the broken age we do we
think we do mention that in the broken
age no spoiler
we will not rape the man with our
nightstick no I've never played dark
situ rich have you ever played dark seed
I've never heard of dark seed yeah me
neither I'm out of the damn way how far
away do I do there Oh see if you can
walk up those stairs I'm falling down
you order the drunk look it's fun walk
what you lay off sure I walk like this
war I'm sober what watch your step art
we don't want you falling down the
stairs oh god it's gonna fall down the
stairs he can't get up oh that was cute
okay says art
I miss the CEO I really I miss the style
of this is no I think this is great and
you know what I've never played I know
Sam and Max is supposed to be a really
great point click I've never played Sam
in max yeah have you know I have them on
yeah we should play Sam and Max okay
I've heard nothing but good things about
the salmon max series good mm-hmm
you have to get closer to him I guess he
won't go I'm gonna save it
cuz I'm afraid if I go weigh in on my
own without telling him to go in first
he'll leave sure can you push the button
no I did oh let's pry the door open
oh honey fellas all right nice the
jailer greets you were they friendly oh
no here comes more paper the jailer says
what can I do for you HOT pencil hot
pencil what who the fuck writes this
game hot pencil the fuck what can I do
for you hot pencil or your it's like a
find how man sorry all right person
Jimmy you were they friendly well well
old bonds is loose again oh well
Oh bounces new skin I like that I like
British hey man old bones is loose the
game
welcome to fine please I didn't did 30
year old Sierra game just oh I can talk
a guitar I thought it froze that book
man what are you charging them with
killer s DUI your move and inventory the
prisoners personal property then hand to
the jailer with the booking slip nice
jailer takes the prisoners property and
says okay Monty remove this gentleman
gentleman's cuffs and place them behind
door number one okay I guess you're
Monty are you going to remove his cuffs
or not I'm trying you remove the cuffs
and place them in your handcuff case
whoo boy that feels good sister
oh boy half feels it feels good drunk
teii him to call if he throws up on them
if he throws up on the floor Jenny says
yellow wraps you're going to clean it up
bombs that's fair you know what that's
fair
why was he mad at me I'm just dumb
arresting people I'm supposed to do it's
a jail it's a fucking jail what do you
want me for the criminals says the drunk
I'm so I'm so happy I could just no I
think the sonic sonic was our first
stream it wasn't darksouls expose was
one of our first names but sonic wait
wait wait hey Pig shouts the prisoner
you were on my side of these bars I'd
kick your mojo up between your shoulders
take out nightstick what do you want to
bet if I walk too close to those bars
he's gonna strangle me okay sure
take out dick oh honey but when I
threaten how am i spelling that wrong
what am i doing what's wrong with my
brain but the two T's how come I can't
smell threatened yeah you got it
it just doesn't know threaten them okay
yeah
wasn't your first term some driving game
with 90's graphics you got does anyone
know the answer to what our actual or
not our the first game streamed on
previously recorded this this is a real
trivia question the first game ever
streamed on this channel exposed
genitals is Laura enters the jail and
says hey Sonny I need to speak with you
for a moment
Oh Oh promotion the musician is open in
the Narcotics Division
and according to the lieutenant Morgan
it will be filled by a veteran street
cop if you're interested submit a memo
to lieutenant Morgan as soon as possible
it would be a great chance for you to
get out of that uniform for a while just
as Lauren leaves the jailer
yells out at you hey hot pencil will
come over here I just hung up from
talking to Dooley
and is he hot jailer continues he wants
you back at the office on the double no
none of you remember sonic was our first
official stream like that's the first
thing you tested something the first the
first game we all streamed together it
was our first official stream there was
a game that I streamed just to test out
streaming just to see if I could stream
mm-hmm and somebody saw it I know I
think people were talking to me I don't
remember what that was notice nobody's
gotten it so far what's it oh just a
case I'm right I'm not gonna say
it wasn't no it wasn't binding of issac
wasn't darksouls wasn't Sonic right that
was the first official stream but I
asked what the first game played on this
channel was no wasn't mspaint wasn't tf2
wasn't any of these things I streamed a
game nope not risk of rain none of these
things someone was around might not have
been anybody who's actually here right
right I I want to say people were people
were talking to me and I'm sure I'm sure
it's I mean it's been long since deleted
from the channel because you know they
delete him after so long and I didn't I
didn't highlight it because you know
it's just basically a test stream but I
did play for awhile and if you guys are
just like guessing games that we've
played before I can tell you this we've
never replayed the game that I first
dreamed did you save
oh rich yeah you forgot your gun did you
forget your gun at the jail yes I did
okay yes it did Thank You SPO Jean oh
thank you thank you thank you for a
reminder
no I'm not gonna tell I'm not gonna tell
you what game because this is you know
what if we do like a like a trivia
contest or something this is the one
question then well I'm thinking about it
what jarvik and elfin cure bum longer
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it that is all days off oh
but I all tab the game didn't
oh you've crashed him dead well you say
it that's good no it wasn't it wasn't
Power Stone and by the way there were
people at that stream because I tweeted
that I was testing with our previously
recorded Twitter and some people showed
up there were people watching and I was
chatting with them we did it
but but I'll save this I'll save this as
a unknown trivia question we don't want
to okay we don't want to give this away
this is this will be valid trivia
question if someone can figure it out we
almost Chippendales for us two Rangers
Jimenez no I do I actually don't know
I'm chip and dale rescue rangers like
extra copies all the time I mean I
forgot about that game I probably lied
to you why yes I'm a compulsive liar
yes killer mix bunk it was the last of
us you're right that was the first game
I've ever not Pokemon okay so we got the
drunk driver
mmm-hmm it was not hard driving I don't
know what that is that's a neat little
driving game actually
oh I think it's the exact same game as
stunts and stunts is a great game where
you can make your own courses in 3d and
drive them around oh cool as crash cars
I'm trying to think of an appropriate
hint well don't give a hint if it's
gonna be a trivia thing down the road
right signer I don't know what game it
is so oh here's a fork okay here 24 is
the nightstick right I suppose
wait what you need your peer 24 mm I
freeze that though yes I didn't I did
not highlight the sonic stream so we
lost the sonic stream but some people
did record it and the sonic stream is on
our YouTube channel for anyone who wants
to watch it okay I'm not gonna hit you
people are asking me not to hit you so
I'm not gonna hit you
wait you know oh you need your knight
sticker I need to put away the P R 24
I'm assuming it's the nightstick maybe
yes the P over 24 is your nightstick
holster doesn't work I put away put away
I tried that put alot but a watt it was
not crazy taxi well I do that because
you told me to I just dropped it
apparently I dropped it right in the
hole oh well that's great
at least now I know where it is
here's a question do you suppose like a
walk out in the traffic do you think
this by the way there are some like
there are some problems with texts games
like that yeah you have to you know you
have to be very specific we're gonna
talk to chief what's-his-face
do-do-do-do-do
hmm
oh my guys I'm trying to search I'm
trying to do a Google search for the
first game stream down this channel to
see if I can figure it out so give me a
moment
I'm searching
it's getting very quiet in here
my god these people are all following me
oh my god
they are are you talking to them her I
don't know no look at Dooley the van has
gone berserk
I thought that new desk decoration was
rather comical what I don't know honey
you should have seen sergeant Dooley
when he first discovered that chicken he
threw screaming fit and wanted the
lieutenant to dust for prints what
somebody's probably played a prank oh oh
okay take a look in my office scene
maybe you can shed some light as to how
that creature made his way to the top of
my desk
ah yes oh my god oh my god you can
hardly believe your eyes a full-grown
chicken with its legs tied together is
flapping about and clucking raucously
right on sir Julie's desk brothers fly
everywhere but that's not the worst
unfortunately the chicken has lost
control of her bodily functions that the
mysterious gremlin has truck sergeant
Dooley again
sunny if I find out you are that
inconsiderate worthless gremlin I'll
hang you out to dry look at that chicken
okay here's a couple of you have figured
it out
I played a plug-and-play amazing
spider-man game it's one of those like
ten dollar games that you can buy at
Walmart that plugs there is a controller
that plugs directly into your TV and
it's called the amazing spider-man they
figured it out through my Twitter so yes
it was the amazing spider-man plug-in
play controller game that was the very
first game stream to this channel we
might have to play it again you know
yeah to me to make the circle complete
it's actually like I mean it's it's it's
not a great game but it's shockingly for
just being one of those plug-in plays is
pretty good it was amazing
oh yeah you didn't think to like I my
hahaha draw gun shoot chicken I just
thinking about it
wait do you have to get the chicken off
his desk I mean it's close to midnight
yeah save it at the chicken draw gun you
know
please review proper gun handling
procedures and your LPD please VA's
indoctrination guide okay so you
probably can't you can only use deadly
force in self-defense
can you grab chicken now you don't want
to do that who dirty their clean uniform
we're picking up a chicken that just
relieved herself all of her surgeon is
god damn it fried chicken you did
fucking Kay
fuckin k anybody anybody subscribers Oh
at the with rich ruining the joke freeze
before I could oh you should ask the
chicken for a blowjob back okay great
back we're gonna save alright anything I
want to say thank you guys for coming
out I thought this was a really fun
stream I can't wait to finish up police
quest I think this is a really neat game
by the way yeah the the way you have to
actually like follow specific procedures
I think is really
