Episode 136
Police Quest: The Quest for More Police (Part 7)
June 23, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jeaWRbEYaU
___________________________________________

what are you like a dog you followed me
home from school I thought that's what
you pay me for
I pay you to get in the bed oh did you
check does that does she have the pen
pen just type in pen how can you do that
how can you do that okay
he's okay all I have to do what's that
stay here I guess oh now she's saying
she'd be afraid to stay here all alone
that's why she could follow oh she says
oh honey I'm afraid to stay here all
along son of a bitch
do you have handcuffs or something or
you can tired to what I could use the
police radio and of course nothing
happens um
do you use the phone to call that lady
over what do we have our notes we were I
in a different room in the hotel so I
have to go see Laura and drop
sweetcheeks off with Laurel I know
nothing about that
oh great I have no I only wrote down our
fake name
son of a bitch yep
uh yeah I mean yeah try go into another
room maybe there's like a horny dude in
there that'll keep her busy
knock on door do it do it
nope oh that's a good question
collecting data once do you have your
briefcase with you
no but that's got nothing in it but like
tickets sure
II thought maybe the pen might be with
you're not gonna sound of a heavy
moaning and slapping leather fades into
silence people have second for children
the jailers confused though what is that
you hear a hollow ringing sound that's
creepy what was the Sierra headline
number I can go call that number on the
phone oh that's funny uh that's probably
in here right yeah maybe you can get her
to stay at the bar she can't be in the
bar oh oh oh you're gonna go up a floor
I'm gonna maybe one of my co-workers is
somewhere else in this I have the Sierra
hit line number ready to go if you want
to call them okay why are you trying to
get rid of her anyway
so I can be alone so I can get into the
gambling room because they want her to
be the gambling man won't let you come
in to the gambling room until you're
alone okay apparently they don't like
well-endowed women when they're gambling
it distracts them I understand yeah do
you I guess yeah
mall rat co is thinking that you need to
use the phone yeah that's what that's
what he's saying I don't know who you're
gonna call call nine-one-one yeah did
they give me a number lawyer I don't
believe so is there a number in the
manual
I don't there's the the cotton real Jam
number but oh wait they said they listed
two numbers you missed them we missed
them somehow but cinnamon has provided
us with the phone numbers to dial and oh
well so did mr. glitch thank you both
thank you both for helping us cheat I
don't want me I'm saying numbers the
weird thing that's yeah yeah I think
we'd break down you know I would think
we went but I don't know rich I don't
know we weren't on it we were not on it
what is the ultimate goal of this game
to stop for the death angel
there's a drug pusher okay the drink we
have to stop we have to arrest the drug
kingpin we're a cop we have to we have
to arrest all the pimps and pushers that
someone has order to hurt more pimps
well someone recruited all the pimps and
pushers and that we need to stop them I
see so this is the sequel to blood death
yes police quest one blood debts to get
on your snooze new okay are you ready
for the number wait yours phone what is
the Sierra hit line number you want to
try that first yeah there's gotta be
something in here one nine hundred no
two zero nine six eight three six eight
five eight
and no nope oh ha ha
hello Sierra I like customers Bart Larry
why is it bored speaking how may I help
you but hurry up because I'm leaving
soon
that's not good etiquette for that new
customer service person hints are
available vs. try calling this number to
place your order but next time use a
real phone not this game holy shit goofy
good thanks for calling good bike
that's very funny five five five big
Chapter six six seven four oh wait
that's a sunny well organized I am but
whitey whitey
Oh mr. Page sign Bankston huh why are
you sad sweet cheeks Maria brought to
the station by cab trade that behind the
scenes in the hotel leave your backup
person all be right when is evening ah
that's a that's a good gang dig again
you probably have to walk her outside
because you're a gentleman rich take a
cab sweet head what's this sweetheart no
one has ever called hers you didn't need
it I need it how do you care I can drive
let's say we go to Vegas right
I love their walk cycles if them so if I
make some Sierra characters oh wait rec
set should it be should I should i do
pimp sonny is one of them no you need to
make this face go Scott oh wait I
definitely need to make Space Quest guy
wait yeah rich you head back to the room
what oh my god back to the room this is
the most boringest thing ever
I'm sorry you can't appreciate the finer
things in life
well this specifically we're getting a
lot of hints and so it's like cheating
but yeah we have a call for a cab we
have to call for a cab the chat is
saying they want you to make pixel tits
we did that yeah pixel tist takes what
pixel tix pixel Twix make pixel twigs
okay use phone ready for the number five
five five nine two two two London cab
call words to pick up don't forget oh
okay
well crying why thank you I don't need
to know your name or anything you're
cool you instruct Sweet Cheeks to get
your cab and go to the police station
get out of my sight you sicken me
yes hello Draco uh we have an ETA on the
new best of the worst it'll be done
rendering yeah probably two nights and J
I'll get it right up
I'd like to post it to my youth we'll
see it's rendering it's exporting oh no
but then it'll take like 12 hours to
upload to YouTube no that goes pretty
quick that goes faster than rendering
for you yeah oh wow
good internet here nice room they go
they go
okay ah that's a funny joke I won't say
it what am i seen yet
daredevil oh no I haven't so you won't
get that - that's fine okay
let's gamble let's do some police work
is your filthy money paid money take me
to that in illegal gambling oh we were
dry look ye follow me that's right my
name's waiting why do you bake something
over there
living life who I don't understand what
you mean by high-end comps for editing
do you guys have high-end cars for
editing high-end computers we do not
we've got okay computers yeah we have
consumer-grade computers we have
computers are in get the job done yes it
just bottlenecks at the exporting why
don't you just type rest staccato rhythm
we might knock on this door again okay
that might be a solution
knocks stick
them is gonna get you okay um I got you
this I'm sure there's gonna be a
password sure I'm on it bet on the door
slides open
what are you whispers to the opening I
got a new playful yeah
the password is I've got a new player
for you come over yeah I have to frisk
you before you can get in a due√±o de
blowjob deep drum no okay okay we oh no
no trouble right there go ahead got a
little side business
oh okay whitey have a good time huh
call me later I like your bartender
voice yeah thank you I remember when a
large portion of space cop revolved
around underground yes a gambling hall
yes completely rewritten
because he couldn't find it an
underground gambling huh no because
there was no jokes in any of the
gambling all seems oh we need to make
this funnier so different idea no nice
good evening gentlemen who's I say to
the men at the table
I'm Jimmy Lee Bengston may I join you
very route of gambling and there we go
no why did you announce yourself with
your full name that's weird
usually people just sit down quietly and
gamble weirdo Schumer mr. bankstream oh
the man across the table have a seat
because I'm Connor uh-huh we need to pay
attention to this thank goods I'm Otto
and your left is Jean
that didn't meet you I responded another
we know his name is Otto I'm not sure if
that's the best voice well Oh who's this
is that mr. Baig this has gotta be the
dev angel did harry shearer do Otto yes
he did no hado
very sure did everyone Oh Otto Frank
this is Jimmy Lee Bankston he's gonna
join us for a few right was massively
fry oh god my throat Jack just pleased
to meet you mr. Franks turn this is the
newcomer nice very nice
let's play oh good poker oh my god you
actually have to hold poker
that would be terrible this pot is for
chips whitey oh is that a good hand no
no I'm trying to save won't let me save
oh god you're so fucked
just a moment just a moment please I
can't save pot is five chips how many 10
hour chips on this hand - - I don't know
you got a shit hand
fuck pot is loaded Rick fold get out of
it yeah Oh Oh ahh toes out Frank what
well they're gonna ask me how many cards
I want oh sure I guess you could try to
go for a flush how many cards - okay no
no just fold first current why don't we
go oh wait are those different symbols
this is a this is an actual limitation
of older games yeah Kirk inks their
kings oh god get out of here why that's
not bad that's Mary King rate it's not
terrible picking is not good
your 10 is a club and the King and four
are spades
okay Jesus pot is twenty seven chips oh
my god oh wow no folds nice
what are we got we got a pair of sevens
we got a pair of Queens oh my god you
did it rich what'd I tell you I can't
believe you did that
a pair of King this isn't this isn't
Texas Hold'em
sure sure you get really good hands when
you play Texas Holdem because you got so
many different cards to choose from
right oh sure
all right rich rich wins he won the
whole game death angels broke now No
all right here we go here we go what do
we get whoo-hoo flush
yeah we're keeping this shit yep how
many chips up man go all-in
boom yeah get out of here sucker
get out of here suckers pixel tits does
have a good Andy right but now here's
the question rich is your goal to win or
our goals is it maybe you're supposed to
lose and I'm like the old money so you
come back and then they can give you the
lowdown throw away the department's
money yeah yeah I think I would be a
terrible policeman you know that's fine
flush one pair boom boom boom
suck it gene suck it James just like and
that goes for anyone named gene I just I
know I just
you're right show us feats of our I
should have I should have slow played
that but is what it is what's in what's
the slow play no check what's I don't I
don't I don't gamble there let me do the
gambling okay I won't gamble you say
that make some jokes okay okay I can do
more funny voices does that I'm pretty
good at funny voices
if you're playing roulette that would be
into it
oh yeah fucking lover Eli lager let I
like we're like cuz it's like a little
lottery every time that ball is fun yeah
I had a one in four chance of getting
another flush uh-huh
what's the other option but I have to
get rid of an age to do it let's try for
the flush if I don't get it off fold I
dent it done done Oh Otto Frank are
already out you just win by default one
Jeanne's taking three cards gene when
you got that shit of hand you just start
over no I got jack shit we're fooling
yeah you have Jack hi those doesn't
really matter
we're gonna end up folding its cherry
deal sure gene has a pair panna deez
nutz gene wins pad jacks
ooh two pair he probably would have won
because you didn't have anything yeah
yeah so I think he would one yeah I
think that's losing weight that sounds
about right
using logical deduction over here rich
so how does poker work the person that
ends up with the most cards wins right
yes yes you need more cards than the
other people it's a card game okay like
Pokemon it's like it's just like Pokemon
it's just like Pokemon waiting shut Oh
whitey deals tell me there's a high
fancy all right all right I'll take okay
pens possible flush it's pretty nice
possible flush no I got a good pair
tense oh I forgot no you they the other
ten is a yeah yeah they all can't have
two tens of the same sweet Jack listen
first of all it's not gonna happen that
just doesn't work I'm slightly smarter
than a dumb person this is the thing you
should know about how dumbest the
dumpers in them right because they're
different levels of dill right that's
that's the appropriate question Jay
that's a very appropriate question I
mean there's none people and others dumb
so dumb you have to say it like that
like they're dumb oh and then there's
those people
just sad really damn dog - hair ooh we
got to pair up in here
I like that Colonel rich mustard rich
next time we take a break to read
subscribers you should do it in Sunny's
voice oh sure sure I think that's a fine
suggestion they find oh three of a kind
I got a hammer to do look I mean yeah
good hammer he had a good hand nothing
you can do about that
well you're still up the question is how
much are you supposed to win I all of it
Oh until they just run out of money and
that's why they stopped selling drugs we
ran out of money playing poker guess we
shouldn't been playing all-night poker
with the drug money I'm sorry I guess
whatever bucket jean folded there's a
saying that Jean is cheating he might be
he's a crook well they're all courier
you're a crook too to them yeah well you
have Jean I think is the big bad word oh
you don't think it's Frank Jean was at
the table already Franco is that Frank
was the one Frank isn't doing owner mine
back Otto and Jean were how many cards
at three we get rid of three dad's one
four and five give me a goddamn ease oh
god you're right Tiberius Kirk this is
the exact plot to Casino Royale I like
it yeah a little bit of something that
much
that's a great suggestion I had donuts
have you tried dick punching Jean free
tips rich is in the zone and not paying
attention to the jokes jab but that's
fine I am the fencing Jean is not a good
joke it's just a statement it's a
reference it's as it's a reference to
dick punching which we've seen before
yes it's nothing new it's a it's but
it's a fun reference because it makes me
think of all the fun we had punching
people in the dick I suppose I can abuse
the same sure you could abuse the sames
yeah I like doing that I don't like
doing that no you know what just play
them just laven veteran one Debbie knows
to 9 News to 91 you have a pizza roll so
if you just subscribed first of all
thank you we're gonna thank subscribers
in a little bit but know as soon as you
subscribe you get a pizza roll it might
take a little while to refresh in
twitchit system or in your own system
but as soon as you subscribe you get
that pizza roll and our utter thanks and
appreciation author and our milky thanks
and appreciation milk game it's about
time better than everything's coming up
sunny I mean lady waiting
my name's wait whoa whoa whoa hey slow
your roll oh the others who folded
already hits fine
isn't that the slow games like betting
slow so the people bet big yeah take
that Jean that is your real name
probably is because you're a criminal
and a criminal activity table you might
not want to use your real name baby
names Bob is appalled George what's your
last name social security number
I don't think that's our maybe you got a
commie a name like Boris commie Jean
who's this made in the time of the
commies that stare was amazing they look
at you like you're like you're maybe a
little you're not a little smarter than
it's always the time of economy's lying
no Jay I think this question was
answered on the are half in the bag
episode but doohickey would like to know
if you think that fury road is the best
Mad Max it is I didn't say in the
episode it's the best oh I thought you
did that could've just me when we were
talking in real life
oh yeah no I think I say that yes it is
by far the best bad max movie in my
opinion I would not argue with anyone
that thing's fury our road warriors
better though well road warrior has a
like a grittiness than fury road doesn't
fury road is almost too dreamlike and
stylized hmm that's part of what I liked
about it it's a different take on the
universe shut it doesn't have quite the
same realism that reward yes sister
which I like about road warrior yeah
yeah I like the I like the weirder
aspects of fury road though like the
fact that Max is crazier and he's seen
well oh yeah
images of people that he's allowed to
get killed over the years I think I like
some already more than mo coupes yeah
maybe I'd have to see fury road more
I've only seen at the one time but
possibly I know if it's Tom Hardy or if
it's just the waiting I'm the carry on
that movie it's hard to say yeah
I did have a little bit of what I'm
going to describe as Nolan
post-traumatic stress syndrome when
watching fury road because the movie is
so fun and it's unapologetically fun yes
and I want to say that in the age of
nolan everyone is going for gritty
realism and it was almost where i
started watching this and i got an
impression where i was like oh no this
is bad this is cheesy I can't believe
this is so bad but then you you get in
in in time with fury road and you
realize it's the greatest thing ever
yeah I'm worried about what I mean
apparently that hasn't been the case
since everybody seems to love fury road
but I would yeah there was that that
initial thinking of like people are
gonna think this is corny because it's
you know because it's fun and has goofy
shit in there yeah that makes it great
well and I but I think there's an
adjustment period and the the first part
of the film you know with like the weird
speed-up effects and oh see that's
that's an the other one so that didn't
bother oh okay
it's been so long since I've seen all
the other Mad Max movies it's actually
more distracting in the road warriors
some of the sped up stuff oh it's like
it looks like like an old silent film
that's been up stuff that's a little
weird on parts yeah that's this George
Miller style to give them a be sort of a
friend frantic frantic frantic a friend
no I like frantic I don't think
forensics right though well like I
praised it I think it's wrong it's like
friend stick where it's like they wanna
he wants everyone to be friends in the
movie oh that's what it's about you know
it's about best friends forever but
squeeze so good that Mad Max it is
it's just it's just too good it's just a
shame it's been two weeks and we're
still talking about the movie nods yeah
it's the same like George Miller
shouldn't get nominated for an Academy
Award for Best Director and he won't
because it's a Mad Max movie this might
be the first I'll be very very surprised
it would be very surprising but I
wouldn't completely action movies in
general don't seem to get much respect
when it comes to that type of stuff a
lot of times it's undeserved and they if
they nominate him nominated him for it
wouldn't create a lot of buzz sure about
the Oscars
oh yeah like hey we're relevant yep yep
he has nobody cares about the Oscars
they even though they might not have any
intention of giving him the award they
might nominate him as a gimmick sure
just to buzz up yep viewers because no
one watches a man I wish the Academy
Awards would do things more for gimmicky
purposes like why not
no one cares they don't mean anything
sure well they used to have two Best
Picture Awards they used to have most
artistic and like biggest blockbuster
Academy Awards for bass books are you
pulling this out of your ass I've never
heard this before it I might be am i
pulling this out of my house I can
guarantee that the Academy Awards never
had a most artistic hole the whole board
hold on there's something in my brain I
used to have less nominees they open it
up to what up to ten in the last few
years
the Golden Globes they'll have like Best
Picture comedy or musical and then this
picture drama I'm gonna try bluff I'm
gonna try bluff we'll see it works am i
pulling that way out of my ass what am I
thinking of I I don't know it did not
work oh did not work what did you do
you've already Bluff
you tried to bluff you tried to bluff a
computer program for that this is there
i Pai I'm looking on Wikipedia now
there's just something in your brain
there is just not something in your
brain yeah it's just not something
that's proper
now this is so much more boring than
Texas Hold'em No
you know a couple years ago I filmed an
events mmm in the Roosevelt Hotel on
Hollywood Boulevard this was a just as
doing general video production stuff
it's filming an event there mm-hmm and
while we were filming the event heard
before we were filming the event we were
just chatting with some people that were
there and someone mentioned yeah the
very first Academy Awards were held here
like oh that's cool so we look it up on
Wikipedia on her phones and realize that
not only were the first cami Awards held
there they were held there on the exact
same date that we were shooting oh
that's weird
that is completely complete coincidence
completely random hmm you're oh you're
right oh my god I was thinking of the
MTV Movie Awards Best Kiss yeah became
yours never had Best Kiss but the Movie
Awards MTV Movie words they uh they
realized what was Lackey than the
Academy Awards what am I thinking of I
don't know I I mean you don't know I'm
asking myself
how this poker section it's just boring
yeah this keeps going doesn't it if
there's a shortcut with chat knows much
should we just take it yeah like like
police like the Space Quest the slot
machine shortcut Oh hold on I'm getting
confirmation that uh hold on oh also
chat we're looking for cheats I'm
getting confirmation that I'm right
really all of them about the Academy
Awards and the first was okay okay here
is from Spike 1382 at the first academy
awards ceremony
1927 to 1928 there are two categories
that were seen as equally the top award
of the night outstanding picture and
unique and artistic production the
previous being one for the epic wings
and the latter being the art films
sunrise both awards were intended to
honor different and equally important
aspects of superior filmmaking Wow well
we all learned something if I could drop
a mic I would you can I don't want to
there's mics apparently it was like the
only for the first year though okay
that's right but wouldn't that be
something if they had like an like
outstanding achievement and artistic
representation of the medium and like
the just the coolest biggest movie yeah
I'm sorry I'm I'm sorry I got really
excited about being correct I'm just
usually not I don't know what to do with
this feeling well it's such an odd bit
of trivia like I'd never heard anything
like that before just tucked away in the
back of my brain somewhere dogs and cats
living together I know Jenna I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry everyone
don't be sorry but I know well you
learned something here sure but now I've
also warped their concept of reality
terrible point being
give me at max some sort of award
recognition you know it's not a Best
Director sound design those type of
movies get the technical Awards right
they never get like Best Director
fell over it deserves something the
closest would maybe be like Lord of the
Rings like we're currently King won best
picture sure well yeah I want everything
just to make up for all the entire
trilogy yeah I think that was just like
this was a massive undertaking that's
we're gonna finally give you an award I
guess right
those Hobbit movies ain't getting no
Awards I guess they didn't they already
had all the Academy Awards that they
would have been nominated for right oh
yeah that already have it just because
it's getting such good reviews on top of
being an action movie
I think is a gimmick okay well they
might give it a nod the cameras don't
care about get out of stuff might not
even be best pitcher imagine be Best
Director the problem is most of the
people in the Academy are like old and
they wouldn't care even though George
Miller's old but he's young at heart I
guess don't old people like money - it's
not a matter of money it's a matter of
what makes them feel intelligent and
uplifted and all those boring things
right which is why usually the thing
that actually wins Best Picture is like
a movie about making movies right that
happens a lot yeah Argo what won this
last year oh birdman' birdman right
right and that's about actors and their
ego it's because nothing for bands you
know not great movie but but that's the
thing they know about and so it's expect
especially relevant to their interests
yes yes yeah George Miller deserves
something that movies itself and and the
entire movie is moving the entire movie
is a chase scene uh-huh that is not an
exaggeration well and it's just so smart
like it's if there's so much attention
to character and attention to even
background characters you have details
and without like ever just like stopping
the movie saying let me tell you my
backstory that's that this is why I feel
the way I do like it's it's constantly
told through action yep they're the
characters actions and the visuals I
mean there's some expository dialogue of
course
yeah I'm some but very little but yeah
like like just enough like you don't
even really know that much about
furiosa's like background wait oh did I
win Oh Frank says I which one is Frank
I've got uh Franklin's thing the one
that isn't you Oh Frank is the new one
yeah he was you're easier new James Bond
well mr. Bernstein that seems that poker
is your kind of game if you'd like to
come back later tonight we'll be playing
a more private game with my penis are
you sure you've woody woody know the
password hold on Frank sent you he'll
let you win for free and you'll gain
admission to our private room boom it's
happening Frank sent you exclamation
point
don't forget the exclamation point Frank
sent you exclamation point
okay got it everything works out well so
Frank
perhaps we can talk a little business
although what you have to say is
probably Frank sent me you're right the
password is Frank sent you okay
exclamation point so you know that's
that's actually the most wonderful thing
about Becht Mad Max is there is never a
point in which furiosa gives her
backstory on why she has a robot arm
yeah
it's know it you read into the movie
exactly it's there it's it's kind of
there because immortan joe's whole thing
is having a perfect kid right and who
should the attractive woman the perfect
women go into the harem she is imperfect
that's a birth defect and that's why
she's not a member of the harem well
it's not like she loves that is a
statement none of the sister we know
knows unless her movie would be like
they would explain all she would have a
soliloquy to Tom Hardy I cut off my own
arm so I wouldn't make it way more
blatant exactly pay attention though it
makes perfect sense yes oh no no yeah
all I'm saying is they never liked like
Jay said they never stopped the movie to
give you character backstory Oh punch
that hippy in the face the one with the
beard yeah get out of here hippy hippy
Bunch if you want to say you want a
drink I'm at your service area I'm on
duty I mean I'm not thirsty right now
maybe I'll have some more milk punch man
how can you do that with your fists
that's right cracker man fury road is a
movie for adults it actually makes you
think about shit then beat you over the
head with it that is a correct statement
which is why we all like it go see if
you go see it again
go see if you're right again see it
again what's the status of what video
clicky click I'm assuming they mean the
new old words oh yeah exporting
exporting up when it's done exporting it
takes fucking forever there's a long
time hopefully you caught the first 14
balls I'm so sorry and I was kind of
listening to it in the background while
I was working on other stuff oh yeah now
the sudden I just look over to the you
know cuz you can hear everything it
doesn't oh yeah it's not the image which
is something I'll have to adjust if I
make my weirdo video yes yeah creepy
audio of course but I look over and it's
just a garbled mess and I was like what
what so I click refresh the YouTube page
think you do YouTube think now videos
gone private yep
and what was that phone number for the
police station oh no Jesus six something
right six six
I mean it's so far back in the chat yeah
hey hey Chan should put on your nose
well I didn't I didn't know I would need
it again hey Chan six six seven four
Thank You Tabora HK we really really
appreciate no answer that was true or
maybe you have two six six seven four
yeah yeah that's the number people are
saying it maybe I don't have to battle
maybe you have to go to the police
station you think nope all right else I
had to come around later what's the
password ready
well now you need the pen yeah so now
you need to get the item anyone have to
call and let oh my god this is great
idea tiny tuna we need to call the
Ghostbusters go call the Ghostbusters
hold on
Ghostbusters I used to be able to tell
you the Ghostbusters phone number but oh
you're you're a knock on the door
followed by the turn of the doorknob
three minute or two of them familiar
nope nope these dorks oh hey honey how's
it going assistant Lee detective I'm
sure glad we found your room I'd hate to
have someone call the cops on us for
breaking and entering we're ready
whatever oh sorry oh yeah no we're ready
whenever you are
whitey that's your backup don't be so
racist what okay now call the
Ghostbusters sorry the men hundreds in
conversation as much tension here due to
the seriousness of the app
fine all right what do you guys want
they're just Rebecca that's for Penn get
Penner you need it bro that's the lead
the text for thing just say Penn maybe
how can you do that he's no I don't
think that's gonna help rich I just I
can't see how that's gonna do
what's a goal goal all right jack I'm
ready to believe you what about what Oh
ready five five five
yeah two three six eight
nope it broke the game
oh sorry everyone probably true
that's the ghostbusters number ask for
transmitter if it's transmitter or not
pin I'm gonna be pissed
son of a bitch that's bullshit
that is just a bullshit puzzle
everywhere they call it a pen earlier
now I gotta call it drowning like oh
they called it like they said they were
putting a special transmitter in a pen
that's a bullshit place yes the game
should have knocked them for that the
game should have known you were asking
for the transmitter inside defend I'm so
angry I'm skipping past all this
dialogue oh my god oh it's going down
now should I go back because I might
have missed things he said that we're
important I mean you probably should can
you go back
Jessie Baines oh good guys write that
down writing the ains be ains the fax is
rather fuzzy you have the feeling that
you've seen this face before
I'll be frank right I guess is Frank
yeah it's probably Frank it's probably
Frank everybody knows Frank no hug
Huggies snuggle don't take sometimes the
specificness of text adventures to mean
that point and clicks are superior
because they are not know this is this
was you know one mistake we're thinking
it in ways you don't think when you play
a point in click yes point and clicks
you just rub the objects you have
together until they made this is still
something happen yes this we are using
brains we are using brains tiny brains
but we're using me the only mistake with
that puzzle as the there should have
been a wide number of things you could
have said other than transmitter they
called us and earlier that was one of
the the descriptive names given to the
object yes that should be what you can
call it to get that object later agreed
that's my complaint I still prefer this
type of game absolutely
OOP alright now we're ready to go what
are you letting in that's a good idea
that's a good idea
oh that would be funny tree rock
creations if we got some sort of
text-to-speech program to do all of the
voices like a Stephen Hawking's ask
there's no answer that would be very
funny I like that again okay Frank sent
you exclamation point how can you do
that I think you need to talk to the
bartender I think the bartender needs
you
I have been playing a little bit of grim
fandago and I've not much been caring
for it rich really likes grim fandago
for the story and characters yeah but in
general is not prefers text to pointing
clicks a little it'd be no gambling
oh that's all right mr. Bengston you're
good around here for me I've I've been
drinking this out milk no or come this
way come this right this way follow me
what kind of funny what a butt plug is
now is not a boy don't worry about what
looks like a knock on the door okay same
thing happened last time staccato a
knock battle opens once again what he
explains the mysterious person behind
the door
I've got playing for the big game in the
back room which I guess she was supposed
to say but no sir I was in the zone come
over here please whitey I have to frisky
again it's just a formality and it's
Daniel I'll be gentle and your gentle
area's nothing well let's go get a car
room all right I'll give you a little
tap on the BIS like what football
players do it be friendly there's being
friendly don't mind make a deal out of
it don't tell Frank what's in the door
the back of the broom so was all the
shit about a password gentlemen welcome
back mr. Jimmy Lee Bankston is there
even another back room there is there a
back to the back room
all right okay they shoot me if I open
the door look daddy hey don't leave no
we want to give bowling poker for
another 45 minutes why you play ball
right yeah poker is a great a great
mindless thing while we talk about
random shit
fake bugs be back to the game Oh mr.
Franks team
oh no it's evolved are you gonna do the
dr. evil well yeah yeah no it was more
George Lucas just go to Lucas I like
this oh I believe you'll know everyone
here oh it's time you look carefully a
frank as he shuffles the guns go Jill's
race down your spine a blast of
adrenaline surges through your manly
buddies you realize the exactly matches
the description of Jesse bales done the
decade uh so that man right there in the
center is the Death Angel the the he's
the main pimp and pusher Oh gene or
which one was he Frank Frank who Jean
named Jean just a moment lay down
I know I have to wait a moment for
things to happen I want things to happen
now - Frank's name on the side there how
there goes he was Frank was thinking I
got all fucked this is a perfectly
normal thing so free can you tell me
about all of you illegal activities say
it right into this pin yeah
so I got a an update from twitch today
this will for concern rich more than you
but just some generally for a second
only first thing I got nothing okay
nothing absolutely nothing twitch has a
policy on adult only games games that
contain you know a high amount of nudity
or violence yeah before they were taking
it on a game by game basis whether or
not they would a lot of people to stream
it yeah and now they have done an all
right all over ban on adult only games
you are not allowed to stream what
counts adult only that's a good question
I have no idea what about what about god
of work so it's got titties that does
that days I don't think that's an adult
only though I think that's a rated M for
Mature how about that you know I mean
obviously it's their call it's their
website they can do whatever the fuck
they want so you can't stream like man
on - is that a double um I I know
there's a lot of controversy about it
might be hold on I know that was before
they had their rating systems is the
only question of adult only games can
you play manhunt one right so I wanted a
stream manhunt one like GTA 5 is mature
I don't know I wonder about the manhunt
games cuz I think there are things about
man have won that J we appreciate yeah
yeah manhunt to is adults only man on
one is not okay
manhunt to is unless I we could not
stream manhunt to the uncut version we
cannot stream let's see here
wet the sexy Empire we are there
anything that is there any game in that
was like a long list anything that I'm
actually concerned no it is not a long
list at all Oh apparently grand theft
auto san andreas is on that list though
really I I googled list of adults only
Hakeem's probably cuz that Ecosse yeah
bullshit which is stupid you know it's
their call obviously that's still stupid
doesn't change that fahrenheits Indigo
Prophecy director's cut I don't know
let's see here ooh Playboy Mansion
private party which we were we were
gonna play a Playboy Mansion private
party next week but I guess we'll have
to cancel them
oh and actually yeah no actually man hub
- does have an M rated version oh yeah I
don't care so much about - yeah these
are real things let's see here
yeah originally rated m san andreas was
temporarily rear aided adults only
following the discovery of an incomplete
hot coffee minigame oh but in the newer
versions it's rated back to M so we can
place an address that's fine there are
not many adult only games is the moral
of the story unless we wanted to play
crystal fantasy unless we wanted to play
all nude
Nikki or all nude glamour or all nude
cyber walk in on these are a list of
games that we can no longer play on
Twitch because they have done n Jack
attempting to have cybersex they've done
a ban on adult only games Wow you are
not allowed to stream adult only games
even with like a like you have to be
over this age to watch our stream like
they don't have anything like that they
all they have is a mature content
warning Wow okay so we cannot play EF a
fairy tale of the two what we can what
but I don't know what that means
wait EF a fairy tale the 2d F stands for
elf fucking obviously a fairy tale where
elves fuck I'm like other separate games
by the manga this game was sent to the
SRBs request the Japanese developer
sexual content strong language blood
nudity strong violence and he'll fucking
and I'll fucking we could not play the
game seduce me we could not play the
mobile phone game sexy games
that's very uncreated
oh we could not play the windows game
water closet the forbidden chamber
closet with water going to the water the
door water closets the name for that
bathroom why does it yeah water closet
you've never heard that I have never
heard that my grandma had a water closet
what it is is it's a bath it's a shared
toilet for multiple homes it's like a
bathroom in a hallway okay if like older
apartment buildings or older like houses
that were turned into apartment multiple
families yeah well oftentimes have a
toilet like my grandma had one on her
stairwell she had he was just a toilet
and the stairwell oh it's the water
closet I was not aware yeah I can't
imagine that any sexy times happening in
a water closet I mean or we and we can
no longer play the windows 1998 game wet
the sexy empire now that's a shame
these are all games we cannot play
because well we could play them on our
own we just coach personally nights
which I'm which is not gonna tell me I
can't play elf fucking on my own time
right that's true
I am not bothered by this at all for
anyone interested in my pitch kid
obviously it's their website they can do
whatever the hell they want and if they
want to make sure that like a random kid
doesn't happen across an elf fucking
game I'm just good all censorship
absolutely that censorship because I
know what the definition of censorship
is yes yes you're doing something I
don't personally want you to do that
censorship because playing these games
online on the service that I'm using
that you own is right that's a right
goddamn it yeah I'm an American yeah
mm-hmm
damn right
damn right so I don't think it's
anything to be worried about I think you
should settle down my guess there's a
lot about this of course they are or
they're not I don't know some people are
and some people are I could not be my my
guess I can only assume that people are
upset about this baby let me tell
someone you can't do this they get upset
because all of a sudden it's like even
though they never thought about it
before and now it's like you're taking
their right so it right even though it's
not a right no it's not right
which is a privately on the website and
they can do whatever the fuck do it's
the right to remain sexy oh I want to
play that game right to remain sexy the
right to remain sexy google it but it's
probably like a fashion game the right
to remain sexy does that Roenick does
anybody who plays it as a breather
I would know oh you have the right to
remain sexy is a calendar by the
Springfield Police Department in the
Simpsons boom thank you google
remember the Simpsons I do they were
once a show they're not anymore
whether they're airing new episodes or
not they're not anymore I cannot
remember the last time I watched a new
episode of The Simpsons right I can't
believe they're not gonna cancel it
after losing a very sure of course
they're not gonna cancel it it's an
institution at this point that's the
same that is insane I mean he does 27
voices that is not an exaggeration yeah
that's the real number of voices he does
they have to recast 27 carrot and
they're not gonna get one guy to do all
of them of course no away they'll be
able to find that of course not
oh sure yeah J this came up before you
got here do you have any strong opinions
on the film versus digital realm not
really not at this point I used to used
to be like film that's what movies are
shot on but now it's like I've seen some
gorgeous looking movies shot digitally
mhm
it's not it's not the stark contrast it
was years ago and you'd see something
that was shot digitally and you're like
oh God to me it's like I mean I saw
there's a documentary called side by
side made by Keanu Reeves actually about
digital versus film and the best part
about that is he's interviewing David
Lynch who of course has been doing
digital for quite a while now hmm it's
shooting things intentionally should he
looking like Inland Empire but just the
best part of the documentary is just him
saying Keanu's name as he talks to him
in conversation now let me tell you this
Keanu I'm sorry David let's say that is
hilarious
it sounds lovely yeah I just made this
to comment you're saying you heard that
we don't like the new daredevil then
you're listening to idiots we've never
said that they they might they might be
be trolling us it might be we enjoy
daredevil people will be able to take
things to extremes you say one one
criticism and extreme hate rich had some
nuanced opinions yeah on daredevil but
overall enjoyed it
jay has not seen it yet I am not seeing
it so we won't get any maybe I'll watch
it eventually you own game it's June
there's too much shit to watch it always
I had to watch true detective which I
did and it was great true detective is
fantastic summer lists I'm still
catching up on Game of Thrones
I thought about diving in the Game of
Thrones and I do it eventually I know
you love Dinklage I I do I feel like I
should watch it just for him right
we're just funny because back when we
did the last most last x-men movie Days
of Future past this is Peter Dinklage is
in that oh sure and on our episode I
said that's my man crush is Peter
Dinklage and people are like oh you must
love Game of Thrones is like I've
actually never seen demon what the fuck
would you like Peter Dinklage from then
no like I've ever seen living in
Oblivion starring Steve Buscemi he's
hilarious in that it's like weird random
things the station agent he's really
good man
I've never seen him in Game of Thrones
names good he's good he does it he makes
it literally I can't wait to see him in
pixels though I'm sure I'm sure he'll be
great I'm sure I'm sure he's really
going to enjoy his paycheck but to to
circle back around to the film versus
digital rich and I and I'm sure Jay will
agree we I think we were talking about
practical effects okay and you know
specifically Mad Max and how we enjoyed
the practical effects in Mad Max and we
can all agree that practical effects are
almost always better than digital
effects what the effect is what they're
doing
that's why we there's there's lots of
like people are saying oh all the
practical stunts and stuff in Mad Max
and there's lots of like they are
practical stunts but they're like people
on wires and they digitally remove the
wire right so you know stuff like that
it's a combination of things
mm-hmm and that's the best way to do it
I've always said not always but there's
been talking about gremlins a remake for
a while now and I've always said like
the best way to do it would be practical
puppets mm-hmm with you know full-body
with like you know rods controlling the
arms and you know cables coming out of
it and then digitally erasing the wires
yep you get all the movement you want
and then just digitally erase the cables
which obviously they couldn't do what's
back in the day kind of what they did
with Mad Max they just digitally raised
like the safety harnesses yeah yeah just
digital enhancements to practical things
like the lining of the tooth - sure like
I like aware of the wild things are were
they used eg to like make their faces
more expressed exactly they were actual
suits and then CG faces great yeah that
would be a great idea Jam will send them
an email gremlins is gonna be all
CGT it's gonna look like garbage oh it's
it's true get the right director in
there though find someone interesting
wouldn't that be great
also soon I know one we're not bringing
up daredevil shit tonight I know I can
sense that you're trying to start up
some shit and I'm ready for it
but Jays here and he hasn't seen it yet
so I'm not gonna start a pretty awesome
why why what my father trying to why why
try to kick up some dirt evil yeah cuz
because he knows he knows we had an
impassioned discussion and he wanted to
poke at us yes wanted a poke to see what
you're getting it out because you know
what you even playing poker for like
eight hours yeah this is kind of
annoying
then Dominion agendas oh I could skip
this you think you think this is padding
scream just long enough but Kim doesn't
need padding that's what I'm saying what
do you think this section is edit value'
will give us some variety some gameplays
lady that's what I think it is maybe
we didn't spoil Mad Max I suppose if we
let you know that it's awesome
spoilers yeah what's great we absolutely
did not spoil Mad Max and in the half of
the bag I can only assume if you did
spoiler you gave like a spoiler even
give away that much we did not spoil Mad
Max you're a liar someone's being saucy
someone's being saucy now I just have
the Game of Thrones song stuck in my
head I don't know what it is so I'm glad
because like this game a fucking game a
fucking game of fucking game of fucking
through all the actual the inside the
actual things up that's great they're
saying they can't find a chief for this
range okay so you just play poker
yeah keep playing poker play poker till
you win which might never happen
type of cookies are you saying we
discussed major plot points well we
talked about like characters that are in
the movie way too much it's giving away
too much I mentioned that the entire
movie is a chase scene right but I don't
think that's a secret no I think they're
actually pretty proud of that I want to
say that was the intention I have a
spoilery thing that I want to talk about
but I'm saving it give it a couple more
weeks or one another week mmm about
furiosa you talked about how she's a
Morgan Joe's daughter oh yeah the big
reveal the third act that she's wearing
Joe's daughter when he says Martin Joe
Systemax that is my daughter
I cut off her arm so she would be
subservient to me yeah he's but she has
rebelled explaining great the detail
their entire backstory yeah it was the
only part of the movie that I didn't
like you know I think the worst part was
in the fourth act when the robots came
in oh yeah you know we just didn't need
that yeah you didn't need that it wasn't
cohesive with the rest of the world I
mean they hinted early on that furiosa's
arm yeah it was like a sentient robot
like they hinted at it sure I wish they
would have kept it you know a little
more vague like that but the whole
hacking montage yeah yeah I realize
they're actually it's actually a
alternate 1989 yes it's not some
post-apocalyptic future I need the past
an alternate timeline in the past it's
it was it was a movie needed that no
we're just like we could have come to
that conclusion on our own yeah thanks
for spelling it out well George Miller
is 17 he just forgets we all know that
70 year olds can't make movies her arm
can't be sentient because that spoils
the whole subplot where knucks falls in
love with the arm
the arms not even like a real thing oh
yeah yeah movie it's like what what is
humanity what makes something here oh
yeah the arm sentient that just throws
that all out the window yeah yeah it
does I was watching a like a panel at
Cannes or cons or however you pronounce
that with the the cast and George George
Miller from fury road and just listening
to that man talk excitedly about Mad Max
was the most wonderful thing in the
world he is a hundred and twelve years
old just wanted all the guys to jump
onto cars well I mean he's gonna make
this movie for a while and you could
tell ya it is enthusiasm that bleeds
through the screen yeah it really does
what a beautiful movie mm-hmm I just
need this hand yeah whitey wins good I
should do it I think I think you started
with over a grand though oh shit I need
20 more fuck fuck you oh you need 1,300
yeah the hair you need to win well a
little more than 20 years you need to
win 300 of this round that's what the
jettison okay
so we're close okay that's great I think
it's great
game of fucking game fucking game of
fucking game of fucking Thrones I'm not
even that into it because as I've said
in the past you know it's it's a very
confusing show but they're very good at
the cliffhanger mm-hmm whenever the show
ends you never know that it's ending it
just cuts to black and you're like what
what oh haha you know and it's it's good
at drawing me back even though I'm kind
of on the fence about it being a good
show it's I like the action
I like the boobs and I like the blood
and that Dinklage is great where do you
need apparently nothing cuz I keep
watching it okay it is it's in it's
confusing it's not confusing like there
they do a fairly decent job of like
explaining everyone's motivations but
like for example as I was explaining to
to Jay recently the the lady who's in
the new Terminator movie her character's
name is tener Daenerys Targaryen and
that's a weird name and everyone has
weird names that's like that John Carter
movie that nobody saw a couple years ago
in every character's name is ridiculous
and confusing yes this is floor myth
beep-bop and his sister kern tan famil
and it's hard to remember who's who when
everyone has such silly names oh sure
current and fan bambo annunciator like
that too yes well it was very important
enunciation is a big part of their
dialect
yes it's like George Lucas named
everyone I well yes there and there are
people with normal names like John Snow
but John seems to normal it's too normal
he's a bastard if you're a bastard you
don't get your father's name you get the
last name of snow
oh so that everyone knows your last name
is just whatever the person naming you
looks at first clock this is Tommy tree
this is Charlie his mother's vagina when
I was looking at when he was born
Hank I can't help it what that was a
funny joke I stand by the I stand by his
Charlie his mother's vagina I stand by
Charlie's his mother's vagina
thank you new username can you say
vagina in the chapel I get censored that
probably won't right China yeah you can
say that in a chat yeah oh hey okay
oh we're back to oh my God we're back to
the game that mr. Bronstein this is
Frank from my own heart
yeah it's totally George lettis not yeah
but that's great
I then ask for Frank whatever wait if
I'm not calling you that I understand
you may be looking for work yes nope I'm
saying yes first thanks for sure
yes or no Oh what did you say
hold on pen oh very good I like your
style holding our pens in Italy I think
that's very classy I like your style
what's the parents like your stylist
what is that what is that a g2 that's
pretty nice join me in my suite for a
drink
whitey ass Frank I've a business
proposition to discuss with you or so in
1 million dollars oh ok now rich it's
very important when you get in the room
type in whip out dick I'll try it's
gonna say what's a dick ok I have a seat
I just did unless that's just a glitch
perfect yeah yeah ok ok so you're
supposed to go in the other room
oh oh oh yes
did you know great I saw I already saw
that you were heading over there but
what do you think about that and over
there it's some sort of glitch no
doesn't need that you have to respond
yeah you can't do that a fucking
point-and-click by oh oh yeah kitchen
you're a drug lord you can't afford a
fucking elevator or one of those one of
those stair helpers the jazzy's come on
man fuckin a fuckin old lady in gremlins
she wasn't a drug lord she had a stair
helper yeah maybe he uh he likes to keep
fit this is though he keeps fit I always
keep my trunk offices a couple floors
above where my drugs are that way I have
to walk to him gets me a little exercise
every day it's a demanding job being a
drug lord oh my god how many flights are
you gonna go up all the way to the top
baby all the way to the top fuck yeah
there's only four floors
that's one more great if it was like 20
you said to do this for 25 it's a
Ghostbusters game Ghostbusters I mean
you do have your pimp cane Nike that
could help you walk there is the
elevator right there
I know but he can't use the elevator
that's where that's the common people
used no he can't be seen he's the death
angel
okay ready to save the game can you save
the game okay oh you do the top this is
okay Oh Marshall bankstream says veins I
have a little proposition cream but I
know you won't
I'm interested as you lean forward but
just then the telephone rings in the
next room fix yourself a drink while I
answer the phone
this is bane doctor dr. Peter Kingsley
I'm doing on my own bear they're
possessed by demons game demon old
scripts here's here's why you lost the
game rich you didn't whip out your dick
right away that's fine okay you step up
to the died purpose the selection of
beverages
does he have milk need that milk grab
milk there's my gut milk there's an ad
campaign it's very well oh my god you
have a fast awkward walk I was a
sprinter in high school Oh big draws his
gun and aims it directly at me hold it
right there
Peggy shadow it's a shooting of a card
playing comrades recognizes your ugly
mug for a minor minor misunderstanding
he had with the heat a while back
you're about to find out just how much I
hate cops and the original cut off the
Star Wars movie use the transmitter
thanks for playing police quest
these transmitter what would you do with
it well doesn't he go in his room first
like before you on there what
also right now I'm purposefully not
looking at chat that just for all the
chat people has anyone made a 404 error
joke yet that's why that's like a
website doesn't load it's an air joke
call for oppa here we go vice versa ah
there we go
yeah whisperers I whisper a soft room
404 into my transmitted pen informing my
backup unit of my location nice all
right now we're gonna say the game again
just keep saving keep saving over and
over it eventually things will wick end
great now if you don't mind I have to
sprint to the next room track-and-field
get myself a drink
pour milk grab milk need a get in milk
where's the milk about dick hey kid
tight baby the exam the fucking R is
great now you're gonna wash my mouth out
with soap is he holding a gun yeah he's
got a little graphics he's got like a
little 4 pixel gun okay it's then an AK
and the dog drives Bane's attention you
I dive to the floor and struggle to
remove the derringer from my cane loud
crash and the duck flies open my Becca
has arrived I don't know I used to cut
myself I don't get the time shoot Oh
such a gyp I didn't get to shoot oh
that's unsatisfying who you 40 year old
game
Maine's is taking rise above gunfire and
disappointments the twinkling of an eye
the shootout of Zuppa sprawl then
catches something confident in the fatal
belly wound nice Jesse Baines the death
danger I guess the game is over now and
I guess I didn't even really do anything
that's a game is poker the winning Mel's
music this is the third day the winning
fucking move talking to a pen that's how
I beat the game into a pen yeah hey ed
Oh Jesse hyrum bands for the Death Angel
was brought to justice and tried in the
superior oh you are gambling illegal
gambling Oh tell Adele forums Barton
hotel Tafari at bar attended woody
rabbits turn state's evidence as a
witness for the prosecution and pretend
for a suspended sentence and three years
probation provided convincing testimony
could sending the gambling activities of
Jesse Baines
out of the chit's and gene the Bambino
BAM bode or therefore sometimes at the
Bambino Bambino judge drug trafficking
drug pusher Donald ecobee turn state's
evidence and as a witness for the
prosecution in return for a suspended
sentence and five years of probation
provided convincing testimony concerning
the Bane's narcotics distribution
network
judge attempted mr. Litton be needed
protective Angela and Smith
presented eyewitness testimony
concerning the shootout of the hotel
don't judge ballistic tests provided a
positive match between Bane's 32 caliber
automatic handgun and the weapon used to
murder Jason to say Oh
all right who himself is a scumbag but I
thought there's gonna be a twist and now
I was waiting for the twist the results
of that trial Oh is the game not over I
think we're all in cutscenes it's good
scenes for me right out
you were judge what's your face last
time I remember I remember the joke the
voice of the judge oh she's the queen of
England of course
yes we have here on earth please vote it
to me as we have the eye
I find the fish segments of meaning of
life ever seen that money fight that's
me oh it's been so long please read the
jurors verdict to the court Jay you get
to be the bailiff okay Oh charge illegal
gambling guilty as charged
nailed it thank you charge drug
trafficking guilty as charged
nailed it charged attempted murder
guilty as charged
this is riveting you forced it you
forced it all okay okay
charge first-degree murder guilty as
charged
damn these two birds please rise for
sentencing
do you have any last statement do you
have any last statement do you have any
last one single statement before I
pronounce sentence veins look straight
into your eyes then under his breath II
hisses across the aisle bones you're a
dead man
and unlike Han Solo
I shoot first is that a pop culture
reference
Jessie him
Ben's you are hereby sentenced to a
total of 97 of your peasant years in the
State Penitentiary without possibility
of parole cut room erupts in spontaneous
applause I smiled broadly until I catch
Blaine's Gehring hos do my skull you
know your life is not yet free of the
yeah I know my life is not yet free of
the Death Angel don't bunk down which is
starting a whole different song I was
doing law and order Ridge doing law
order three days pass with Bane safely
and gust in the State Penitentiary in
Vacaville the city of Linton is once
again it quite peaceful community freed
from the grasp of the Death Angel parade
down Main Street I under a huge crowd is
gathered on my good house snips and I
couldn't help but wonder how many women
are gonna suck my cock now record chief
way to the top of the steps
well I pass through the Department of
God site bonds the marrieds as mayor I
wish to express the appreciation of the
people of a city of Witten for your
service to them and resent you with this
expression of our gratitude lucky to the
city
yay we did it congratulations
I've won police quest we did Penn
there's no payoff to the lighted thing
or Zach that picked up on the wish when
he said that believe me whispers -
you're a dead man
oh no I see sequel baby oh that's yeah I
would have a nice I had to type in use
Kane you've done yes why didn't it let
me do that why didn't it let me do that
that is so disappointing I know I love
everything else about this game except
for that I adore this game hmm
I adore that that was a great game I
really cuz it wouldn't even have been
like a hard puzzle psycho shootout let
me use this gun maybe they were thinking
maybe that's they were thinking maybe
they would insult their players like
they listen they just have to type
anything and so obvious you are a true
veteran police officer proven in the
line of duty we hope you have enjoyed
playing this game yay you like police
quest be sure to play the other 3d
through 3d animated graphic adventure
games from Sonya bad King's Quest one
two and three the Black Cauldron Space
Quest 1 and 2 and also Leisure Suit
Larry in the land of the Lounge Lizards
you'll also enjoy our third dimensional
helicopter simulation machine that
allows you to have dogfights with your
friends via a modem whoa whoa dude oh
yes fly through the many cities for fun
cities that I compose cheat me of boxes
play that one get the helicopter
simulator yeah we can play with our
friends via modem oh wait why is there a
prostitute under stepped in is this
police academy
that'd be a podium where's the podium Oh
Sonny my here Riley get me a podium
goddamn it we're wasting this prostitute
it looks like she I know she like is
like hugging you but it looks like she
took down your shirt
I was so confused by that podium part in
Police Academy when I was little I was
so confused way too young to be
Washington kiss girl kiss prostitute I
don't think that's gonna help terrible
let's that's police question okay that's
fantastic
why don't you take a moment and yeah
thank some subscribers in in the side
voice of course I think you only did a
couple to start I think I got collecting
data in salad babe but if I didn't I did
now xeno trope what the fucking gate
gobbledygook s' fisted by dog smoke sir
Hillary man FET pimpled buttons pizza
train one one or as they say 11 pixel
tits student 91 master kenobi
double-oh-seven
space commode raymond the wise
and also simmer I am led with a semi
semi Remo cup samurai Moorcock Samurai
oh I did it now
samurai bulk up thank you for
subscribing these two jerks really
appreciated it's true we love your
subscription tees but not me because I'm
unemotional and incapable of
appreciating anything other than a good
pipe good smoke can have any cigarette
now and smoke because that's what I do I
smoke and I drink kids crooks I'm gonna
miss that voice that's a good voice we
could always play please question a lot
of people were asking and I can only
assume that there were multiple puzzles
that we just didn't do like for example
we never figured out who put the chicken
on the Chiefs desk you don't think that
was like an extra puzzle um could be it
could be there were there was a
prankster at the police station and
there was one scene in which a chicken
was dancing on our police chief's desk
that sounds wacky it was that sounds
like it would be in a police academy
it was Britt was pretty crazy it's
pretty crazy ah yeah I mean is there
anything else we want to talk about I
don't know I feel like I feel like
that's a really good way to end it like
it is because we beat the game oh wait I
just looked over the chat Raymond the
wise I did get your ray wise reference I
assumed it was a ray wise reference so
have no fear I got it
that's literally the only comment I've
looked overhead no that's that's pretty
that's great it's pretty good that it
worked out that way
yeah well what is the plan if any good
place to end it thank you thank you for
showing up everybody that's true
thank you it's been fun I hope you've
enjoyed police quest and are insane
rantings and ravings and we'll we'll be
back
again someday it's true we will most
likely Sunday
where's the button to turn this off it's
over there you can get it I think you
can get it
