Episode 138
Axiom Verge - Jack Solo Stream (Part 2)
June 28, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMxGA_PNGAc
___________________________________________

oh that's fun
mm no I think we're gonna get something
over here it seems like
maybe up there maybe up there all right
sorry what's going on
caddywhompus that is something I've only
heard my boss a caddy Wampus is a real
thing something that affects millions of
America is Kenny whoa okay we need
caddywhompus ISM
oh I know what's going on here glitch
gun at first I just thought the game was
flipping out let's see that's kind of
interesting is it it plays
plays with your videogame tropes like oh
that's just a game book - no but little
do you know
it's gone out here
I was doing out here
you might have been denied I didn't
think it was had you had sushi yet I
have sushi Allah I mean Jay and I have
not been out for sushi no I did have
ramen recently
I don't understand what to do about this
this is very upsetting that I can't get
through this
well I assume I don't have that power
yet but I have the gun I got the glitch
gun got the glitch gun all right good
we'll see if there's anything
yeah
get up there - can't oh it's cuz I blew
up the thing I'm with you I'm with your
game
I see let's see what you what you're
putting down I'm picking up what you're
throwing down oh oh they're gone forever
I'll damn it
okay I get him back with the glute chin
no damn it now hopefully there's not too
important of the secret over here nice
damn it good guy
yeah a guy
and that's fine we all have to die
sometimes
yeah
a gnocchi gnocchi is fine I don't know
not great not terrible maybe now or at
the time
maybe not worth your time neo keys a lot
of hype
no no I'm saying alright it's all about
the sauce anyway power note wound our
talking more damage more damage that's
what we need it's a mud damage gun damn
it ah all right all right give me a dick
like that that's fine you'd be a dick
dick
exactly
damnit
nope that ah damn it you've got this do
i do i fo fo-fo fo-fo-focus fo-fo-focus
on me but but but fucking fucking ramen
ramen every day never god damn damn day
you are fucking in there you cunt what
fucking in there what what are you
talking about dick dick dick dick
ah yes Jack would recommend Titan souls
I enjoy Titan souls it's uh
you know I think the what I wrote about
it I recommended it for in the prereq
curator thingy and I said it lacks the
atmosphere of its colossal Big Brother
but still a fun fun time fun time fun
play so yes I recommend Titan Souls ok
did you know so you can get it cheap
even get it for under 10
oh that I had to go down here you can
get if you can get it for under ten I
think it's worth it
Titan Souls
oh oh oh he comes after you all right Oh
fine
jerk jerk jerks
that's what I was thinking wait for a
steam sale yeah wait for it wait first
team sale you get it on a steam sale I
think it's a good buy it's I've enjoyed
a lot of the boss encounters it gets a
little you know the issue I was having
was it got a little it gets a little
tedious in between boss battles just
because it's not as atmospheric as
Shadow of the Colossus but that being
said it does have a pick-up-and-play
mindset that sets it apart where you
know especially because I have it on my
Vita I'm able just to pick it up for
five minutes and try to find the next
Colossus or or Titan or I can pick it up
for five minutes and see if I can get a
quick boss battling because boss battles
can be incredibly quick and so in that
respect it's a it's a perfect handheld
game which might be its biggest asset if
you have it for a handheld points so
I've played it more on my Vita that I
have on the ps4 and I've enjoyed it I've
enjoyed that
has to be smart let's be smart
let's not have terribly good range
not being smart not being smart oh god I
needed that are you but it's this thing
under this thing sure well no I mean you
know I'm still moving still moving so
I'll take it so I'm gonna say I'm doing
well don't know if I actually am doing
well or not putting still moving forward
so why the fuck not see that's tricky
look at that
empty wall something's over here it's
just here to fuck with me I guess
they look at that you say who empty wall
okay maybe there's like some sort of
steam
suit its might be a ball thing this is a
ball thing hey you know what it's all
about thing
it's funky better that's okay oh well
that's I mean that's great if you picked
some great ones to play because of this
dream obviously you spelunky binding of
issac FTL are all our jams risk of rain
I really want to get back into risk of
rain it has been so long since I've
played it but I'd listen to the
soundtrack ever got him dick and I love
it to get back into some risk of rain
that was another thing I was thinking
about streaming tonight but just didn't
because we've streamed it before
hello
hello secrets
oh I get to go fast all the baddies
looks like a particularly glitch filled
area I wonder if I can
good
just yet just yet that's fine
I don't see what's in here all right
here we go about sort of the stars the
pit I don't never I haven't played those
so I cannot I cannot comment on either
of those terrible incorrectly
the danger with taking away cutscenes is
that developers will often just make you
listen to the cutscene while having
controlled the character which is more
frustrating you know you know okay
let's keep movin keep movin what is your
opinion of cave story I liked I came
story was it was fine it's a simple
little Metroid type game I I was very
confused with cave story because I had
heard just so many amazing things about
it and in my head it was just the
standard lights Metroid game but then I
found out later that it like you know I
played it on Steam and it was apparently
around a long time before that and it
was one of the first bigger indie titles
you know you find that out would you say
oh okay well that's that's a big deal
I know your game now I know your game
now a little bit I know a little bit of
your gaming you monster
oh no red goop but I like the cave sir
I'm okay with caving story I had fun
with it enjoyed
I enjoyed some aspects of it
I know that
now Ron Gilbert cave is the cave not
cave story
cave story is the metro is the Indian
Metroid game Cave Story Plus you can get
out now it's it's decent if you can get
a pretty surprising that go for it
dick sorry sorry I'm just get they're
getting there I'm getting there I'm
getting there
so given that what is your friends over
my opinion I want this I'm liking it
I've told me I'd like to dig so tell
what
these guys
I do I just it feels like it never stops
and I kind of you know like part of me
really digs that part me just wants to
complete a level an area part of you
okay that's fine me too i I kind of like
I'm kind of digging it I do I do wish
like I was able to like clear an area
that is something that is usually
important to me like you're just
understanding what the area is and I
don't think I have any good
comprehension of what like fuck you ah
nope run right all right we run away we
don't want to deal with those guys yet
we are not ready for those guys yet
what's over here it's gonna be more dead
guys or a safe spot yes dude dude
mm-hmm that's right actor J kitten if
you're gone for sushi tomorrow you
should do all your exercises today
Carbone lowered
I need to go for sushi again soon
yeah like getting it up there why can't
I get a bit area oh that's the Jingle
Jam that's one of them jingle jangle
you a lot of people you a lot of people
you been a while since I've gotten to
power up
look like a secret area what do you into
agreed I'm listening to Super Metroid
soundtrack now it does put you anything
I'm just finding more and more areas I
haven't found like a enemy or what what
what is happening what is it happening
what the motherfuck
like I haven't found
goddamn honky come here
Hongki ask some random that was
different doing about that all right
so now now it's almost comical I have
not found like a an upgrade or new area
or I mean I've only found new areas and
there's just going to be
how do I like how do i anything by the
way anything not about anything
oh I want that upgrade oh we gotta get
that upgrade I don't like anything
I'm ready
I might be just buying this soundtrack
if it's available
diggin everything the soundtrack has to
offer
mm-hmm these legs are bad guys though
they can go ahead and go fuck themselves
what is your opinion on the borderland
series I'm okay with the borderlands
series I suppose I've only played
borderlands 1 and it was a lot of fun at
first and then I felt like weapon
management overpowered gameplay you know
where you were no longer paying any
attention to the weapons just kind of
the numbers you're playing map and that
took precedent over the fun gameplay but
I did like it over overall I liked it is
the real truth but it just got a little
too tedious for me a little brandy
little
little little grindy but overall i am i
enjoyed the farofa
late any gun lightning gun I don't want
on
burn the bridge jet you're on yes or
whatever
my boyfriend overheard and said
Borderlands 2 it's dead oh okay I would
believe it
I would I would believe it and you know
you know definitely what definitely
wouldn't hesitate at playing another
boring game but just happened
there's another ball thing so we're
gonna put out a marker marker to two
great ball things go here once I get
that ball power up we are going places
people
maybe dizzy the ball thing
yeah
die die before I get anywhere it's the
last time I the Safeway I have not
oh here's the thing Oh I'll follow up
our up sweet jeebus
whoa okay that's a net so that's the
double jump is just a higher jump alters
local physics too
okay
I now have the big jump I am ready for
what I did not know
now dead dead everything's dead you know
I don't yeah game grep but I don't think
you've roll into a ball they said but
there is a there's a you know maybe
there's like a crawl or something do you
remember where that high jump was that
you could make it before yeah there was
a couple there was a couple of places
that I couldn't jump to before because
but I just have to go back I guess I can
go back over there there was an area I
think there's a door I couldn't get to
because it was too high that's the thing
I wanna kind of want to start going back
to places oh I just want to go backwards
but you know
nothing about nothing I know is I got a
jump I got a jump dog
I think that's that's the game is just
you know oh you get a new powerup and I
have to go back to all the old levels
where you couldn't get through that's
Metroid 101 it's like the core of
Metroid yeah here was born boy all right
boom
can't go back without the grapple all
right well and I won't I guess
um you know what I just made this to
comment I kind of also think this game
is kind of ugly
whether that be good or bad you know I
think this game is kind of ugly and
that's okay
yeah
yeah
how do I do that
why are you showing me this game yeah
yeah it kind of is okay like it's fine
that's the style NES games were ugly oh
whoa that's just a thing that's just a
thing you have to accept
these games were kind of ugly that's
okay
drop down in these things time you kind
of go up I do that
No
I've never played any of the toe jam in
her oh no secrets I've never played toe
jam arrow is my is my official opinion
I'm still jamming our cigarettes I got
the secrets
I've heard people make suggestion that
rich and I play till game enough
I don't know if that's a joking
suggestion in that but it's a good game
a plate
did you ever see the 50 minute video
where Edmund McMillen and Tommy troll a
Hollywood scam artist claiming he wants
to make a super meatboy oh no that
sounds amazing I really want to see that
that sounds great thing broken way more
of you talking about the arts and the
making of the behind-the-scenes
documentary yeah you know and we did um
obviously obviously things need to be
cut out of an episode I was a backer and
something I made clear but cut out for
time reasons and relevancy reasons is
the making of documentary that I got to
watch because I was a Kickstarter backer
was worth the entire backing
the the documentary is so great the to
the player to documentary about the
making of broken age is better than the
game in fine rich hadn't seen it so
there wasn't a lot of back and forth
which is why I cut it but it's so great
and I heard they're they're releasing
the episodes on YouTube so everyone can
watch it if you can watch it it's just
it's just great watching creative people
be creative I think so if you get the
chance watch
watch the player two productions
documentary about the making of broken
age and you all have a good time a good
time will be had and the art sells is
super fantastic you know I know we just
kind of touched on it but it truly the
art is great the art the story the
characters the broken age are just
fantastic and you know if that's what
you're looking for good for you then you
got it then get it then it's then it's a
game for you witches will end and by the
way that's why I and I hope this came
across in the Edit that's why I was
struggling so much with my
recommendation because I really did dig
the story and you guys know me I'm not a
devilled that dl double back I'm not a
I'm not a story guy and I'd really dug
this story so take that for what you
will but there I think there was a lot
of a lot of things to like about broken
age and just to me the gameplay wasn't
one of them which is sad because of
course it's a game
there
you seem like a secret area
maybe you should have left it in or
maybe you could do a side episode just
on the topic oh they are all they are
all currently on YouTube go watch them
go watch the player to production
documentary of the making of bro page it
is an absolutely wonderful series highly
recommend highly recommend
well we thought we focused on the good
characters because there were so many
good characters and like before you know
for people who know Tim Schafer it's not
a surprise to them but imagine someone
who has never played a Tim Schafer game
or who has never played a
point-and-click adventure game how would
they feel about that kind of like me I
was shocked I was overjoyed by it by the
characters and I wanted to share that
good night Lloyd thanks for coming out
thanks for coming out so that's why I
left all that in and you know that was
that was the positive part of the game
that's what made the game almost fun for
me oh here we go boss boss time oh okay
okay all right here we go all right boss
time oh crap
little dogs eyebrow is nothing holy crap
ow ow ow ow ow
Oh
okay okay this might be the first boss I
died on
just hide and come back down and just
hide
okay beside mammal its weight this is a
cool looking enemy look at this guy look
at him
shit I'm digging I'm digging this guy
look at him yeah
oh I want those red things I totally
can't get those red things
can your ratings
oh wait I have different
I have different guns I'm onto your game
this is the first boss that has actually
made me use a different gun I did wrong
what did you think of the performance is
knowing that they're from people like
Elijah Wood well that was the thing you
know and I did want to make a special
note of that because you know I'd like I
thought Jack Black was great
I thought Elijah Wood was great Wil
Wheaton was fine his character got
really annoying really fast as he was a
1 jock character and he was with us for
a while and I thought like a lot of
these side characters voice acting was
really spectacular specifically for
anyone who's played the game the mom who
sews the cloud shoes really great really
great work but Bella and I hope people
understood like could hear it in that
little segment that I play it where it's
just like I really really disliked her
boys I can choose so flat and and you're
with her for half the game and she has
some really great story bit but man I
did
not much care for poor boys acting yes
dick neutral this boss is amazing I'm
not bigoted like this boss looks amazing
I'm not picking this fight so far just
because so far I'm standing yeah I'm not
really doing much but yes the boss looks
amazing I guess I can I'm hoping I'm
hoping that there's more to this boss
fight than just what I'm doing right now
apparently I've been doing it wrong for
a little bit so that's my fault
don't forget these things yeah
have to hit that
Oh down here okay Oh dead
alright dead dead and it that's tough
like I it's tough to convey someone was
saying like the great writing that we
kept referring to it it's tough to
convey the writing in the episode
because it's it's an overall thing you
know like the the writing was was just
the way characters spoke the funny
things they said I tried to keep in some
of the funny things like there's a
there's a segment in which you have to
get a tree to barf and it was fun and
clever and all the characters said fun
things and all the characters were
unique and I think that's great it's
hard to show that you know in a video
when you're trying not to make a video
eight hours long
just because there's so much to the game
you know like you can't you just can't
show all the things you want to show so
so it is but it is clever and I hope you
take our word for that it's it's clever
and it's fun and the dialogue is great
the dialogue made the lack of gameplay
bearable which is a horrible thing to
say
I admit but you know in my head it's
accurate that's an accurate thing to say
yeah this boss is pretty shit well you
know I I just need to figure out what's
up with the bottom things get it now
this boss looks great this bosses looks
the best and so far the fight has been
I'm also kind I'm playing this kind of
safe
we're gonna go a little fast at this
time
I think I see what I'm supposed to do I
think I see like the glitchy the glitchy
blocks that I'm supposed to hate with my
butch gun
I'm not hidden
so
a big vodka person and not a big vodka
person that's what I think of brandy
chose vodka I don't know much about fuck
yeah
there's a good game somebody's trying to
get certain things but you know what
dick you settle down I'm enjoying the
game and I thank you for gifting it to
me and it gives us a new stream which is
always appreciated everyone who likes it
when I play new games why can't I hit
this thing now
this is boss battles and you're getting
a little tedious but fine I've done
worse there we go
fucking finally
oh no maybe for this one I need to use
the
there we go
probably an easier way to do this
it seems to work out this seems to work
I'm gonna get this original soundtrack
I feel a little cheap for doing this
I'll be honest with you I don't think
this is the way I'm supposed to be doing
this but I'm not dying so I was I was
also reading the chat like I'm reading
the chat while I'm fighting this boss
which tells you how I feel about it
oh I'm sure I'm sure there are speedruns
of this game where people can beat it
and significantly faster
who area
all those cannon kind it looks like a
penis now
- you doubt
oh my do I keep I keep like falling for
summer ho hey oh god damn it oh I really
disliked the music in broken age I
thought it was really boring that was
another thing I cut out for time I
thought the music was really really
boring in broken age and and generic and
for a game with such wonderful writing
and such wonderful art to really enjoyed
the art but the music was rather bland
hold on I'm pausing for a second we need
another beer you know all right
sorry we needed we need to know that
another another beer we needed another
beer this boss is beer worthy tonight I
am drinking left hand Brewing Company's
400-pound monkey English style pale a
IPA English style IPA and I'm rather
enjoying it and and I need to get good
this is the thing so what I was reading
right before I left is these secondary
characters were played by well-known
prolific voice actors is which why I
probably thought they were so good and I
agree I I can't say that enough I can't
say it enough that a lot of the voice
acting was top-notch the only issue of
course was bubble breaker the only issue
is that Vela wasn't you know like I
didn't I did not like her voice acting
and she is who you are with for the
majority of the time
I'm gonna get a little you're gonna get
a little more a little more aggressive
this time
going after
we take out these things I don't even
know what these things do about we take
them out so we can get to the big gun
this is not the way to do it
this is not the way to do it failing to
do that can't be good
I found it out I found out this is the
area this is the area where well that
was something was that someone in the
background there when you going to get a
beer no that was just me do you think
the voices were blowing the budget to
pieces and running a bunch of scams no
no I don't think so I think they I think
Tim Schafer had worked with Jack Black
before and having voices in your game
helped sell your game with the voice
acting be bad on its own or did other
voice actors make her seem worse maybe
that's it I think what I what I think it
was is I don't want to blame her
I want to blame poor direction I think
whoever was directing her didn't didn't
get the right take and I think that the
other thing is her voice mixed with the
art style like she and and that's why I
specifically chose that scene to show
during the prereq words like you know
she's talking about her family and
whatnot her face never changes uncanny
valley stuff right I don't think it was
a scam I just think he's a bad game i
but but like rich said I also think that
it was the game they intended to make
we're gonna get rid of these guys first
and then kind of tactic
and I think they did it I think they
made the game they intended to make
have a group
I'm not supposed to be doing this it's
quite possible I don't know
oh okay now we have different problems
now we have different problems
well they don't seem to be able to hit
me
my Diegan sports character the puns of
humorous right you know I thought that I
did think that was one of my Russian
kicker video I agreed I agree I liked
the fun so probably not I don't know we
tried to like my brother talked me into
making another one with golfing and it
just did not turn out as well I didn't
like it and yeah might just be a one
might just be a one-trick pony it's a
good video though I like the Russian
kicker with you
that was a fun one to make the restroom
kicker with you
and it kills the thing and then we kill
the thing we're gonna do this I'm gonna
beat this guy
I'm just hoping that happens relatively
soon
a better position to be at for this
particular
let's try that I'll try a new position
nope nope nope nope dad yeah that's
right yeah that's Tim's Tim riches
riches done riches summary of broken age
is exactly correct it was a Tim Schafer
game and nothing more nothing less
it's all we can always talk about how
awesome mad Max's Mad Max is awesome
Mad Max is awesome everyone should enjoy
it I was talking with someone the other
day who just do didn't like Mad Max and
we had to stop talking very shortly
after that because they were complaining
this person I was talking to we're
complaining about how unrealistic it was
right that's what they were really
complaining about
and I need to say you just don't get it
that's
it's fine if you don't get it
it's fine if you don't understand what
Mad Max is gone too far so make it a bad
movie you don't
my goop okay good
okay
I got it once I got the magistrate's
this time
get up here shoot these things the first
we get rid of the pink bomb at number
one
med strats
no no it's it's people don't understand
people don't understand that movies are
supposed to be fun so this person I was
talking to is complaining that Mad Max
wasn't realistic enough it's like that's
not how it would happen if people were
surviving in the desert without gas they
wouldn't be wasting resources like that
now it's just like wheat it's it's a Mad
Max movie there's a guy who's if there's
a guy who plays the guitar a who that's
also a flamethrower it's you've got to
settle down man people don't get that's
fine that's just something you have to
accept is that people aren't going to
get
there we are yeah
getting somewhere with this stuff
the magistrate's
so
that helps okay I'm getting it
this gets me to the perfect placement I
conducted yeah okay
that's right
I have stress
I already
getting it sorry I went why i went
silent they got real it got really real
I got almost all his weapons down now so
I got silent for a little bit Mad Max is
great I think it's great oh Jesus
great we did it
oh so many strats get out of the goop so
many bleeding strats wait
I don't get my prize oh I don't get my
prize I want that prize what's the
better watch Mad Max or daredevil I will
tell you when I rewatched Mad Max which
I'm going to do that max just came to a
theater that is slightly closer to me
that serves beer so I will be rewatching
that Max I tell you
whoa oh this is the power filter that
Ellis Nova was talking about I still do
some time tour pollutant will clean it
but I will be okay
are you well enough to tell me what's
going on here mm exponent for long story
I'm listening
two sides of the universe this grave
breach in check with that many years
passed my hand came through
Athy toasts
both eat off this pattern mind
the rest of world stream Kemet my sister
how feel yeah hi Indian bridge only you
know others can stop the penis
bored
okay great love these big pump things
those are cool okay here we go here we
go gotta go oh well thanks for coming
back grim world glad we could get you to
revisit some old games okay here we go
moving again
Oh my prize it's my prize so what prize
do I get what's happen all while
pressing to tell oh it's a no lab coat
like from the laser lab the the inner
layer is different looks biomechanoid
like my gun how the hell did it get here
oh alright so Jack wasn't paying
attention to how you teleport Jack
wasn't paying attention to how you
teleport the controls for the teleporter
kind of shitty
I had to chance for legal reasons quick
DoubleTap I'm double tapping
oh you have to double tap and hold it
okay so that's my problem is I wasn't
whole I thought it was I was expecting
an instantaneous thing but you double
tap and then hold it the second time and
then all right all right I'm with you I
can be with you on that kind of it keeps
the glitchy aspect all right you must
get good to teleport that you will you
know that's not happening all right here
we go
health No
there's a new purchase I guess oh yes
yes it does the coop hurts please note
the goop hurts so that health note again
okay
I don't have the ball thing yet so I
can't go back now let's see what happens
to be this way we go this way there's a
lot I'd say there's a lot of things over
here that I couldn't get through
that's a jump thing
oh now you can kind of like you can kind
of make it through this but it that's
neat
that's neat alright okay so still can't
go that way
yep
the red goop only left or right
okay what's over get stuff get stuff
over here all right
hey where's my steam box prereq episode
oh shit work out where we're going
well we're trying to work on it we're
seeing if it's in the budget we're
seeing if it's in the budget we will
will no matter one you know we we're
gonna get we're gonna get we're gonna
dual-boot riches computer or a different
computer with the B steam OS and just do
big picture mode and mean obviously like
that'll be a big part of the
conversation that should be a big part
of the conversation it's just big
picture mode
and steam controller will be getting
steam controlers if cures
but I don't know like steam box that's a
hole that's a rare coin one at the
investment so
you get out of here jerk
but yeah I mean there's some talk
there's some talk steamos is there maybe
a big deal
these team controller looks fascinating
everybody breeze on that at least I do
but I don't controller guy rich doesn't
care because he has his mouse and
keyboard and he's a cranky old man he
doesn't care about anything
old man Evans don't care about you and
your
san andreas does look like vapid shit do
you see how well it's doing at the box
office isn't that upsetting
Oh red coupe give me that you made that
give me that red goo now people like
vapid shit is the moral of the story
gotcha
what
okay what's gonna sorry good movies find
their audience
and I feel you can I not go here yet
probably not probably not is this video
gaming this is this is slight video
gaming this is video gaming I'm running
uh drinking some running my ability to
talk is diminished greatly
it's fine
gotcha and and I'm getting into the d800
yeah come and get me yeah no way so I'm
I'm slowly running out of things to I
got you that's how we get it slowly not
talking because I'm drinking more and
getting into the game a little bit more
health No combined five to permanently
increase your health what that I don't
know what that was
those screaming guys are very creepy
okay here we go
I'll forego everything is everything is
happening everything is wonderful
okay where we going now we're going what
are we doing what's the game plan here
guys this one no matter not that way go
back down dude go back to we keep moving
forward this is the question apparently
I need a grappling hook so let's go down
and it looks like there's some stuff
down any general downward direction
yeah what's over here
nope okay I was about here oh can I get
in here now no good doesn't matter does
not mess yours
none of this met yours any good night
future future J thanks for coming out
oh oh news thing we really appreciate it
another one of these hello miss are you
awake
dangerous I mean I figured you were sort
of networked sukham super computers or
something God
you know one of the things about the
metroid game just like it felt like you
were a little more in control of your
actions I'm gonna kiss this lady you
know you were the bounty hunter looking
for stuff
you were searching for answers other
people weren't telling you what to do
be a zonkey
I am tired yes Kellyanne I am tired I've
been drinking I hope things don't get
too weird but they might there's just
they're just there's just no guarantee
there's no guarantee on weirdness he
does have a lab coat this is how we're
rolling tonight lab coat
let's go this way
check over here for secrets deadly
secrets turned for people is not Hong Ki
but cracka
no I like her Hong Ki I think Hong he's
funnier oh he has a nice ring to it
aren't we only called cracka - because
of like cracker like whip cracker and I
think that is
you know it's not so much racist it's
like yep you're the guy in the other guy
that was in charge so I think honky is a
little more demeaning so they're looking
if you're looking to be demeaning he'd
call someone a hockey
that's how you do it of course where we
will all we will always talk about video
game cutscenes Mad Max maybe not but we
I think we'll always talk about video
game cutscenes at least I hope you will
because it's something I care about
it was I over here already I was over
here already - that's a ball place
savegame okay
whoa whoa them bitches have lasers
everybody will watch your ass hold on to
your butts that's a quote from Star Wars
Episode one fan
can't do that yet okay I remember this
neva I'm remembering this we did a lot
of this already I think I think whoa
whoa
lasers put up about that but the bad
about that lasers
I gotcha bitches be lasering oh here we
go
nice did it did it got it did it got it
power node now now we're talking
what's over here
bitches be laser in because they laser
in everybody out of here and I get it I
get it
what it's happening
hmm okay this is an area we must go back
to help her what you say whatever they
think of their thing
yeah if you're into the if you're in the
Metroid this is axiom verge 100% Metroid
which is good thing if you like my trade
if you don't like my trade
probably not your bag bag
take it do you
we add that the data that yeah or that
now your pixels
dig dig dig dig dig dig detective
protecting tick-tick-tick yeah I'm to
the point now I'm just saying
that's it I remember I remember the
thing I remember what thing does what
stuff and things oh oh this looks like
it almost an outside e area this looks
like outsider art
there's a spaceship out here so help me
laughs look at that guy look at that
little dickhead
get out of you dick dick dick dick dick
hey oh oh I don't need that anymore cuz
I can wall I'm with it I am both hip and
with-it
I'm on the trolley I'm down with the
sickness I'm all these things can i
glitch into the glitch no this is the
important question yeah this is
something you have to ask yourself this
is something everyone asks themselves
can you glitch into the glitch these are
the important questions
can you glitch into the ledge can you
turn into the spend
oh I was all gosh darn it I was already
here not paying attention
it seems like it should do something
right now and it looks like yes
were you drunk when you take the title
um slightly I started drinking a little
earlier than usual today
I was working today we had a few lunch
beers then we got back to some work then
I had a few after work beers and then we
started streaming this is just how it
happened today
not saying that was the correct course
of action but that's how it happened you
know there's nothing we can do about it
now do you dig
okay yeah dig yeah
I see Chennai Sutra but I continue
not a good idea
do you love it
ding-ding hey give me a good
give me your red goop yeah good thanks
good damn good thanks dick
it was over here this seems to be lots
of shit over
dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig
dig dig dig and this isn't outside man
this is just
nothing
whoa I accidentally jumped that I was
reading the chat when I jumped over that
Boulder
where'd that Boulder come from did you
see that Boulder oh no I missed that
first Boulder 100% by accident I was
watching the chat battle learn me I
guess
yeah
we have to here's another area that's
going into new areas just you know a
safe point I think that gives me full
help that's what I'm opening on a scale
of one to drunk how drunk are you
I mean I'm not I'm not
I mean I'm drunk I'm not terrible
I couldn't drive I shouldn't drive
right I'm saying dick a lot picnic be
just does that's what I'm saying
well because dick dick neutral is the
one who gifted me this game and is very
concerned on whether or not I like the
game so I guess what you could say is
I've got dick on the mind
dig dig dig dig also it's a fun name to
say dick dick dick dick dick
you can't come up here
yep
nice
for some reason tapping there's an
effective way of oh I can't get in there
tick tick tick tick what if would they
would have dick am I supposed to dick
her alright think I need to start
backtracking but how are you enjoying so
far right I mean obviously I'm still
playing in some enjoying it now I'm
hitting a point of stop don't touch
leave the area tell an adult I I'm
hitting a point of exhaustion where it
might be healthy for me to find a safe
point up and leave because I just it's
hard for me to have a concept of what
exactly is happening right now but fine
over there
well this is I'm not talking anymore
you've got your help up now figured out
don't you worry don't you worry I'm
gonna I'm gonna find I'm sure I just
have to start going to new areas yes
you're absolutely right your town is
next I am reaching the point where I am
a stranger danger to myself this is true
that's okay you know we've all evolved
into this point I want to thank
that makes it easier for me being at
this point if I think that we've all
been to this point
my rows below this this good Bellavia
looks like I went there before but I
stopped after one
don't forget you'd have a spread yeah I
do have a spread shot whoa a really
lightning worked best on those things
lightnings pretty good I'm confused as
to what oh I need the ball
well whoa laser it's another ball one
no this is glitch can't game it in
circles how do we get out of here
gotta turn into the spin
here we go
prolly dying falling dying gonna die
what's over again where we're leaving
nope gonna day going to die but how fast
power my fast we haven't have been yet
this man let's go this way okay what
Steam account is best to gifts games -
that's the pre-record comic just because
rich and I both have access to that
which is
pree previously recorded da r LM at
gmail health previously recorded that
Harlem at gmail and soon like we have a
prereq at red letter media but someone
like hasn't given me access to it yet
so soon we'll be using a more official
email but that's the one we have for now
if you want to steam gift us games
gifted to us they're that way both rich
and I have access to them at all times
much like this this is a game that was
gifted to our oh god fucking fuck shit
to a prereq account and that means that
what go down let's try it down that's
that's what you say
like what third date maybe and let's try
down let's say hey baby must think I'm
ready let's try down I'm down for down
you don't I'm saying I'm down for Dingle
I'm dangle I'm dangling for Dingle this
is the part this is the part where you
have to stop listening to the things I'm
saying because I'm just making noises
I'm just making noises with my mouth and
stuff yeah yeah I know we got to stop
bingo
let's try down right
okay here's some new areas
this is fun now we're getting someplace
new all right
I get bang bingo
you're confused about what you think
causes mutation and Maxell the bio flux
accelerator causes mutation at max
Health syringe lying in the middle of
the room that's just a bit ominous hot
blood machines like in your mind and
they can find powerful modifications
please take them
right
whoa oh look at that look at that I get
little scorpion arms want the leezak
what
ah where'd you come from
where are you coming from yeah here yeah
very Bioshock very Bioshock that's fine
whoa nope wait go back
yeah
get out of here
all right keep on keepin on so that was
that area obviously another thing up
oh I thought I'm sorry I thought he
would did guests I can't get up there
hey what the Polizzi fly what the Lizzie
McGuire is going on here where am I oh I
get it
looks like there's an area up there I
have to go to alright here we go here we
go here we go
use this safe thing get me more health
thing or losing it
I'm just I'm feeling very tired
feeling very tired that's okay
we check
I don't know I don't know if I have it
in me
I have the Bingle's girls there dangling
but never mentioned
birthday guys
freaky
they say that
I don't know what that is right
you just want me to whisper to you now
because I'm so asthma
I think it works well I've been here
before as shit son of a bitch
yes he is squeaking I we I did we I what
time is it it's a little after midnight
okay
we're gonna call this then it's gotten a
little late so I will I will look up
what asthma is sorry about the whisper
fit it's just what I felt needed to
happen we're gonna call we're gonna call
this a night so thank you everyone for
coming out thank you to all
oh wait we probably have some new
subscribers to think oh god I also have
a little bit of gamer but I've been
sitting for way too long yeah I will I
will say before I shut them let's see
here who's subscribed urban for us oh
the dude 1944 the real Quaid doohickey
to Ed Witten corydon Miller and Grimm
word thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it and we really
do - all of you new subscribers - all of
you old subscribers and so everyone else
who just came out to watch some axiom
verge it's a very fun game if you enjoy
Metroid I'm gonna save before that I'm
that's what here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get back to a save station and
then I'm gonna cut off the stream and I
may or my god how did that happen it's
been a poem lane I move my mind I move
my microphone a little bit oh hey look
I'm an estate agent
and that great that was right there you
guys don't you guys under to worry about
other
