Episode 296
Monster Party - The Karen/Echo Stream(Part 1)
June 30, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZjuTONi9cY
___________________________________________

right am i right and and skyping in
tonight is is Jack the voice from beyond
jet pker PR yeah coward be cured okay
yeah right next time I'm sorry we'll get
it together here's the parade of some of
our lovely enemies here the Medusa snake
the corona pitcher plant dude this is
monster party yes what is monster party
explain it to me it's a Japanese there's
a shrimp it's a game I guess it was
originally supposed to contain a lot of
licensed characters and the Box heads
like a werewolf and a Frankenstein on it
stuff but the licensing didn't work out
for them so his Universal was not
involved alright so they they replaced
all the characters with like stuff from
like Japanese folklore in pop woman who
like drowned herself in a wishing well
or something there wasn't popular at the
time but everyone seen the ring yeah so
now she's throwing coins at you in one
of the stages and one of the stages
inexplicably you're fighting bloody
onion rings and jumbo shrimp it's just a
very strange game person well this
sounds amazing and it starts out like
you're in like this kind of happy Mario
Land universe and then you get past this
one section and there's like thunder
lightning and all of them there's blood
everywhere it's it's great it's bizarre
you know I would have the better
relatively unknown Nintendo games then
you know it was never really a hit I
would love to see this like as a as like
a game jam kind of theme where you know
like the theme of a game development
contest would be you have to make a game
on these certain characters and then 24
hours into the the game making you have
to randomly switch random characters
okay
wouldn't it be great make that happen
anyone who knows anything about Game Jam
it's kind of a reverse of Doki Doki
Panic you know the story about Doki Doki
Panic in Super Mario 2 of course right
but you should retell it for anyone who
doesn't know sure well there was Super
Mario Brothers which you know was
available in Japan and later in the US
and everybody knows that in Japan they
released a sequel which is a lot like
the first one the graphics are just
about identical in their basic structure
but it's a lot harder Nintendo for
whatever reason now they decided that
Americans aren't videogame enough or
something that they wouldn't like this
one or whatever but they licensed a game
called Doki Doki Panic
and they replaced the original sprites
with Nintendo characters which is why
the Super Mario Brothers 2 is completely
different looking from 1 and 3 and then
later on they released the Japanese
version for the Super Nintendo as The
Lost Levels
the Japanese version Super Mario
Brothers they released the doki doki
panick version in Japan in Super Mario
USA I'm going to pretend I didn't know
that ok so Jack I understand you lost a
bet for jet from with J and now you have
to spend the that's what near the reason
you're not here is you now have to spend
the night in a haunted warehouse it's
it's very strange well you can hint you
can tell reverb yeah
it's it's a whorehouse in a warehouse
and so there's many whores the ghosts of
whores like it used to be a whorehouse
well see that's that's the trick of
tonight is some of them are alive some
of them are dead you have to have as
much sex with as many of the whores as
you can and figure out whether or not
you care is it is still necrophilia if
you don't open your
if you don't I'm not opening my eyes the
entire night and I'm just gonna see what
happens you know don't ruin this for me
Karen yeah yeah like about one person I
read an article about these these
gentlemen in there it wasn't like a
dirty it was just in salon.com but they
were talking about these gentlemen
putting them under electric blankets -
oh god Sara like rich about ten times
and then I started whacking at some
other buttons not working stop racking
appointments guys what the fuck the
fuckin venal rich the chat is going to
want you to talk about X come to sooner
or later okay let me figure out what's
wrong with this this game here first
could you please figure out what's wrong
with the game first because I think that
would help all of us I thought you were
just taking your sweet-ass time no I
worked buds and I whack did more buttons
and then I waited for a break in your
conversation so I could be like yeah I
will I want to let you guys know that I
will never be tired of the parade of
onion rings if I want to you know that's
just that's just me that's what I'm
gonna watch all day and I'm gonna be
fine with that it's really I was a kid
my parents would let me pick out you
know a game or two for like Christmas or
birthday but there was always pressure
to pick the cheap game so I never got
the a list I got the some of them were
you know really oh
you walking home from a ball game he
looked up and and what shake
rich what is happening to your Nintendo
Entertainment System Nintendo
Entertainment System so you know along
with XCOM to which I'm sure rich will
talk about at length there's not there's
nothing to talk about
it's a trailer that doesn't show
gameplay oh I know is there making it
basically are you saying are you excited
interest yeah rich is a famous proponent
but you know what was announced today
rich what fallout 4 yeah this is a you
know I'm excited for people who've
played a fault why is it every time you
touch the controller it stops working
it's work I grab it and it works mm-hmm
you grab it and it just stops working
instantly this doesn't make any sense
I'm timed I'm sorry I don't know what's
going on I wish I could I wish I could
help in some manner right now yeah where
I'm sitting and maybe there's magic
magic because this doesn't make any
sense
nothing
you guys are something else I like it I
like what's happening I like what's
going on I'm glad to be a part of this
alright now I'm playing this is working
fine yeah great so what are these guys
what are they there's like some like
half-naked leg things coming out of the
ground they look like frog legs any
frogs not sure oh I like take drugs and
you turn into a dragon this is great and
he hit the a button love that's that's
usually what happens when you take drugs
you turn a dragon oh the Japanese that
was a fucking waste of my time
rich can you get it together no I can't
because mark wait you don't want to turn
into mark that's a game claim you want
to be the dragon be the dragon well it's
useless sometimes to be the dragon or
the boy but in general the dragons
burger oh you actually do want to be
marked for this because you bad his
little bubbles back in yeah like a
little invisible platform just to the
left of this point why any platform
this looks amazing now since I've been
playing zero problems yeah zero and now
are you gonna hand the controller over
to guarantee to see what happens I am
working all right the bad juju is over
you did it rich you cleared the
controller of all of the ill spirits
that's almost disgusting
that's almost disgusting it's almost
disgusting yes I think that's fair
all right so XCOM 2 X down to rich
people want to know I'm gonna do her
I'm excited they're making another one
but I don't know what they're making
because we only have like pre-rendered
cinematics right what are the kind of
things I'd care about like like what are
they going to do to enhance the
strategic layer what will they change
with the tactical combat I have no idea
and those are the important things so I
don't I don't know really what to say
about it I know I know the the concept
the story
story-wise XCOM is like almost sequel
proof ok like like you already beat the
aliens at the end of the first XCOM I
mean what what did you say they came
back so a small spoiler alert first of
all well it looks like they're doing a a
the the aliens one and you're a
resistance fighter
oh so which is a minor slap to the face
cuz even though I played XCOM 1 and I
clearly beat the game yeah now they're
neither going to tell me well you didn't
really beat the game well
what if are you sure it's the aliens who
have won you know what if it's like a
like a totalitarian government you know
that would just be stupid well I'm just
or what if like via the first ex-con
Brigade took over the planet after the
aliens did be stupid what well I'm just
spitballing here rich be witness it's
just cuz they yeah they could do that
but now it wouldn't be as interesting
sure sure
it wouldn't leg is interesting but it
would be it would be something that's
not you know as lame as well I guess the
aliens one no I'd rather be fighting
aliens I would okay okay the first X
come yeah the premises it's it's it's
modern-day earth right normal right
hold on Oh game bleeding skulls so
everything just turned evil yep why
don't everything just her evil I don't
know so at that point of the game you
just cross to the evil territory yeah
basically yeah but it's you know for a
Nintendo game for kids Scouts are pretty
cool but look there's eyeballs stock
people is your precious childhood
memories right here oh no you got it I'm
you know you know what I some another
likes for movies well no no I mean just
I saw something lately it's fan made so
I don't know how well it's actually
gonna play but somebody made a fighting
game where it's all of the classic 80s
slasher villains like a Mortal Kombat
with Jason and Freddy and Michael Byers
Chucky that sounds great I want to see
if I can get J to play that no he likes
the horror mmm a lot more than I do
you're almost dead care
so if I can just like a little bit yeah
would that's that's the Nintendo sigh
right there you know you know it's a
good tough game when you know when you
sigh after every level
Nintendo hard Nintendo art I love it
love those eyeball monsters those are
great everybody wants I could turn the
game audio up I had to turn down just to
make sure that everybody could be heard
the big deal that that's Nintendo okay
so we're talking about XCOM right
accidentally does story wise what's
going on hmm
like the first one modern day earth
world the world as the world we're very
familiar with and then then suddenly
aliens start popping up right and and
it's like it's like it's like tribal men
with spears versus modern-day army guys
you know they have advanced alien
technology and how do you deal with that
I mean it's a gun
it's a great underdog story with
humanity pulling together and scavenging
what we can learning about their
technology and then slowly throughout
the game you get to a point where you
could fight them on equal ground that
it's it's great
the uplifting it's the hero story and
then in the sequel you you do it again
I'm like all your technology but it's
gone wait we lost it we can't find that
technology we developed anymore sure
it's just a story was really hard game
to me could make a sequel to and I was I
was kind of hoping they would they would
go the Master of Orion route where
basically master of Orion's who has the
exact same story as one you know you set
off as a race and you develop space
travel to colonize the galaxy it's like
two dozen take off for one from where
the first one left off it's just it's
the same thing
bred race and you develop space
technology to colonize the galaxy it's
like bull gay
you know they tweak the gameplay but
story-wise is the exact same fucking
thing and I almost would have prefered
seeing ex-con go that was more like a
remake than a sequel yeah yeah like like
I don't I don't know that XCOM nobody's
judging you no no I'm totally judging
you can it's like
XCOM almost didn't need a sequel I mean
they could have done expansions just
large expansions to that game for years
and I would have been just as happy with
that like every every every six months
every year you have something that comes
out it's like enemy within where they
add a lot of gameplay elements they add
new story bits and they add new units
but it's still the same base game I
would have been fine with that okay
I mean I guess that like I understand
your point I'm still excited but the
important thing is gameplay all right I
want to know what they're going to do
with the game yeah apparently they have
katanas they have swords yeah I saw that
it could be great you don't know you
don't know it anyone who brings a knife
to a gunfight is an idiot I'm sorry they
do it in games all the time cuz it's
cool no fuck that what if it's a laser
katana that's that's three times system
give me a laser machine me gun I'll be
happy we spent all our money researching
laser machine guns and we made these
laser katanas but we can't get close
enough cuz aliens I'll have plasma
rifles but we have all these so they can
shoot us from three miles away but we
got get to within two feet for this
weapon to be effective oh what's that
over there well that's an alien killing
nuclear bomb that we can launch from
here but we're not gonna use that
god damnit ducked of Ellen what are we
paying you for
No dante's doomsday laser Kasana laser
katana does not equal light saber
because light saber is copy written and
laser katana is not so laser katana is a
totally different thing yep yep that's a
different thing than a lightsaber
yep
I call it by a different name
it's used by these creepy religious men
called the the wet eyes good they use
the force nice nice I have not seen kung
fury I think Jack has I have a little
bit I saw the mark of quality I saw the
first 10 I started watching it after
Jays recommendation yeah cuz I had I
talked to JD the other day and he was
recommending kung fury as a nice lark
and it is it's short you know it's only
20-30 minutes and I got maybe 10 minutes
in and kind of gave up oh really
like I got the joke you know okay here's
my problem
and and I think I am amongst all of us I
think I'm the most lenient on green
screen and computer graphic usage you
know I don't mind the CG in movies the
the only real issue for me is when
everything is shot on green-screen it
makes the action very two-dimensional
you know the hero is always moving from
left to right it's always a video game
and that's what a lot of kung fu e is
almost to the point where it gets
ridiculous or it's just everybody is
two-dimensional and
the joke like I got it I'm sure it's
great I'm gonna I'm gonna watch the
whole thing I'm sure the whole thing is
fun but the joke got out for me real
fast well I don't I don't hate CGI on
principle I mean like like the new Star
Trek movies how they look fine yeah oh
great yeah prequels look like crap they
just threw a bunch of shit on the screen
it's not a use computer for they just
use computers throw shit on the screen
right yeah you can do it good oh yeah
yeah most of the time they don't but oh
yeah no and for those very quick to
point out my dislike stop-motion
animation or claymation again to clarify
my stance I don't dislike stop-motion
animation I dislike it when mixed with
real people
I dislike when you - when you mix
stop-motion animation with real people
footage because then the stop-motion
animation looks even more fake you know
ed-209 has always looked fake and it's
always brought me out of the movie but
you know something something like your
Wallis's and grommets or your or your
nightmares before Christmas is I'm fine
with those I think they look great I
just don't like it when it's mixed in a
live-action sense live-action setting
yes that's in like that scene from army
of Darkness that scene from jason and
the argonauts they look ridiculous come
on well that's liberal that's
deliberately schlocky and that's weird
but it does not look good is my point
it's not supposed to look good it's
supposed to look corny which it does no
I like jason and the argonauts
as Ashlock but it does not look good is
my is my critique of that which I I
can't imagine anyone arguing that it
looks
you have no soul I have no soul is
basically the moral of the story have
you played any of the Fallout games cuz
I tried coming up constantly in the chat
I tried playing a little of Fallout 3
you know follow that 3 was a big game
and I I started playing it and it the
mixture between first-person shooter and
turn-based s-- fighting are you farming
for health I was just curious what the
hell you were doing no that's alright um
I I could never understand I could never
wrap my head around in a combat system I
was actually really enjoying fallout 3
like the world is super great you know I
I want to play it too again I guess they
have announced fallout 4 and people keep
asking me about it I've just never
played any of the Fallout games I got
nothing against the series I happened to
have never played one so I'm not excited
I got against it all I can tell you is
fallout 3 is this wonderful world but I
could never wrap my head around the
actual mechanics of the game so I got
just very frustrated there's this whole
like when you fight with people there's
like a it's almost like FTL where it's
some real time and some turn-based
combat and actually with all my FTL
playing maybe I can go back to file on 3
and be a little better at it as long as
it's not boring turn-based like a JRPG
oh no and it's not no and it's like I
said it's not exactly turn-based you
know wait it's it was weird enough to me
where it never made sense and so I gave
up after
oh I don't know 12 hours or so
of fall on three but I really did enjoy
the world
I felt I felt immersed in fallout 3
so I okay rich yeah oh yeah
oh no I just heard I'm like a random
Skype noise you nothing it's weird
maybe no no no it doesn't matter in any
case I followed three as one of those
games that I would like to eventually
get back to because I know what what
what uh follow three is a game I would
eventually like to get back to because I
know a ton of people love it okay that's
all there's so many things to play know
right that's the real problem like I
keep looking someone was incredibly kind
and gifted me a copy of Witcher 3 yeah
and it's just sitting there and you know
we have things to play for the show and
I have things that I want to play just
for me and splatoon is out now and I
kind of want to give that a try and also
we have to make all the content that we
pretty so it's it's it's it's a great
problem I have too many good games but
it will be it's gonna be fine I'm gonna
we're gonna get to them all one day one
day we'll reach the gaming nexus and no
more games will be played until everyone
has played all the games they've wanted
to play no Dan the future all games are
just candy crush
mmm-hmm we're getting there this will be
the last console generation invite all
your friends
you just bought a fifth of the content
the license to use it if our servers go
down you can never use it again and you
got to pay for more content did you get
the exclusive content because you
pre-ordered it from the right game store
I actually pre-ordered it three times i
pre-ordered it from amazon i pre-ordered
it from Goom stoop and i pre-ordered it
from base boo i get all the browser
bonuses oh wait I didn't pre-ordered
from stomm I think if you want all of
the Arkham Knight content like
everything hmm
you have to preorder it from like six
different places geez because they've
just got that game broken up piecemeal
exclusive target exclusive - turns
around exclusive the GameStop exclusive
to Steve x excludes remember in the good
old days you just buy a complete game
without any bullshit I do from The Sims
era was when it started it was like The
Sims The Sims expansion pack the second
Sims expansion pack but at least
everybody could buy those sure you
didn't have to buy the same Sims game
just six different versions to get every
color of that chair you like it Lloyd
beat Lloyd pizzas
Lloyd beats is wondering why I couldn't
understand the fallout 3 combat system
I'm sorry Lloyd if like if you are a big
fan of fallout 3 if and if you're new to
the stream and I know you're not but for
anyone for anyone for anyone new to the
stream Jack sometimes is a little dumb
and my issue with it was this is kind of
the same reason why I never latched
to XCOM and maybe rich will understand
this is when like when you face someone
in fallout 3 rich you get to kind of
choose what body part you want to shoot
at right and then you know there's a
percentage system but it's from a
first-person perspective and it's just
not my thing and so you know like you
would give this a little more time here
and you can do it you can do told you I
totally do until then that was the thing
is like I just I want to point at the
thing and have it shoot and it it wanted
to play math with me
fallout 3 much of much like XCOM you
know you throw a grenade right at a at a
aliens feet and it's a 95% chance of
making it and says oh you missed want to
plant oh well then there you go it does
it has a lot of those kind of elements
but it's mixed it with this first-person
perspective and and and so maybe now
that I've grown a bit as a gamer and as
a person I would play it and really
enjoy the heck out of it but when I
played it when it first came out you
know how many years ago did fallout 3
come out how many years ago - fallout 3
come out and hold on fallout 3 I'm
googling it the fallout 3 came out seven
years ago so seven years ago when it
came out I maybe I just wasn't ready for
it something something we started to
talk about earlier yeah starting to come
up and it did run away all right
do you think this will be any last
console generation when when we'll sell
phones and whatnot tablets crowd out the
console market with cheaper to produce
games you know rather than spending two
hundred and fifty million dollars to
make grand theft auto 5 you just you
just make candy crush in your rake in
cash I think like when anything dimes
usually there's there's the death throes
and so Nintendo has already announced
they're working on their next one and I
don't know if you've read anything about
it but rumor has it that nintendos next
console will have an Android power
operating system ok and so we're already
crossing that bridge by the way yeah we
use are selling decently I mean Nintendo
also doesn't care how many we use it
sells because they have the 3ds and and
that is a money-making machine I don't
have any kids so I don't you know I
don't know what the hip young 7 year
olds are playing these days there could
be a huge and for the record chat I'm
well aware that for as much money as
they spent on grand theft auto 5 that
have more than made its money back still
if from from from the perspective of
somebody who's making these things
that's a big financial risk and there's
no guarantee that when you spend two
hundred and fifty million dollars making
a game that it will make more than two
hundred and fifty million dollars it's a
big uncomfortable gamble if you're the
guy who's behind everything with the
wallet absolutely then you may be
looking for cheaper safer investments
okay and I'm say I'm reading in the chat
now that they're saying that the powered
by Android who were false rumors well
I'm listen I hadn't heard that they were
false I just heard the rumors and I want
to say I called them rumors but uh
you know the the death throes of a of an
industry well I think I think will at
least get one or two more console
generations I'm less sure about two more
you know it's um it takes a while for
industries to die
yeah they're still producing DVDs come
on
and yeah farming for house but that's
alright that's alright if you don't feel
up to it I don't that's okay I have in
fact without cheating officially I can't
believe you because of your poor
performance today but you know
absolutely I absolutely know now you
know I think part of the thing those
know now granted tablet games are often
simpler in their controls but part of
the thing with tablets is that tablets
people are downloading them with low
bandwidth you know you can't really get
affordably unlimited bandwidth for your
phone the hardware isn't you know is
battery life optimized but do you think
it's gonna matter as much as tablets get
more powerful won't they be able to
create content that's just about as
complicated as you know be the X with
what the X Box isn't such or doing today
oh absolutely I I'm with you I think my
my biggest problem with mobile gaming or
tablet gaming or any of that is the
input yeah I I want a controller I want
to keep
I want a better and and or I want them
to design the game around the
touchscreen oh and ro right now we have
this weird we're in this gray area where
people are still making games then
putting like a digital d-pad on the
phone to play the game and that's that's
wouldn't that be great you can't
Ablett's with built-in D pads and
controls around the edges you can also
although then ad portability totally
suffers you can you know HDMI it's a lot
of tablets into a television and then
Bluetooth or controller
mm-hm oh sure yeah there's there's
there's bridges now like I'll tell you
this playing FTL on an iPad is beautiful
like they they took some time they
optimized all the controls just for a
touchscreen and it was great like
playing broken age on an iPad was was
really fun you know just like dragging
stuff and and clicking where you want to
go that was that was neat and I think
they're making strides in that sense but
you know the old man Jack says I always
want to controller and games that had a
lot of mouse input
I'm guessing would probably translate
better because yeah maybe it's all gonna
happen and you know I see a lot of
people in chat wondering why I hate
physical media so much Karen what are
your feelings on physical media over
digital I you know it isn't so much
whether it's digital or physical that
that is an issue to me I think it's it's
whether or not you have to have things
authenticated on their server and what
happens if their server doesn't work as
long as as long as you know if it's if
it's a you know it's like it's company
like Amazon where it's like you know
they're not going away anytime soon
I'm fine with buying content from them
and and that's that's fine I'm not
worried about their servers as long as
they give you as long as they give you
like a key or something that's never
going to expire and you can burn your
own backup copies I'm fine with digital
media I don't need to have a thousand
little discs laying around the house and
yes instant instant delivery is nice
fluffy fluffing up to the store you know
and I agree I agree 100% like in and uh
III go further where I
I definitely like I trusts maybe too
much in the system you know I do
I love trusting in the system good night
oh I'm just gonna say not having stuff
yeah I the stuff consumes you and then
you can't you got to keep track to the
stuff and you lost the stuff and the
stuff got scratched
you left the stuff at somebody else's
house ranked and where's disc one I've
got discs you know two through nine what
did I do with disc one
I can't install this now my one true and
real problem with digital media is I
want the stuff that we got on DVDs and
blu-rays like I want commentary tracks I
want behind-the-scenes featurettes why
can't we do cut we can do you know
Netflix can stream with five different
language options but no commentary track
that's unacceptable
yeah and it's obviously the technology
would allow for that right now
absolutely why don't we have it I don't
know I want it and I miss it but if it's
if it's a movie I'm into enough I will
still either rent the DVD or or buy it
just to hear commentary and get the
behind-the-scenes featurettes I don't
know how big of an audience cares I mean
I usually don't watch that stuff I don't
know what percentage of people are
bothered by that but certainly why
shouldn't they allow that you know have
that even they could have it as a
separate a separate file on Netflix or
something yeah you want to watch the
commentary track I mean there's no
reason why it wouldn't even have to be
attached to it on the same stream thing
and yeah I see in the chat now they're
just saying that Netflix doesn't have
that shit because I'm the only one who
wants it oh and that that bothers me
commentary tracks are that is how much a
retraction that's what they're saying in
the chat they're saying people don't
like commentary tracks that I think it's
not everybody would venture that it's
less than half of people but it's a
significant majority so why not have it
well and it's in I agree with I don't
it's a significant minority yeah I
understood where it's it's only in fact
probably only the people in this chat
like people who care about like
elongated conversations about the Star
Wars prequels will care about stuff like
directors commentary you know it is a
little bit you know eye candy crush the
Bakke the problem everything candy crush
candy crush is the problem with
everything yes I like the fact that
you've acknowledged that you would have
a problem with it I was the first that's
the first step stereotypical you know
were farmville most like four different
farms and it was taken me like an hour a
day just to ten micron so it was like
you know this is just getting a little
monotonous I I see what you're typing
Lord dick Belmont Lord Belmont says that
the hates digital distribution people
like collecting things and there won't
be artifacts for later generations to
collect plus experts in the industry
I would love some citation on experts in
the industry are warning people that
digital distribution and the cloud are
unstable and can
our era in the digital Dark Age Lord
Belmont
I would love some sort of citation on
that maybe you know if we all die of
like you know Spanish flu and we go back
to caveman days or something I don't
think we'll be worrying about whether
we're doing digital distribution or
looks like water and okay maybe this is
the digital Dark Age let's say they're
the the sun's rays create a magnetic
sweep of earth right okay like an EMP
and we're all fine and all of our food
supplies are fine and all computers are
fine but every single computer memory is
wiped that would suck but I'm guessing
that the the things about that that
stock in video games would not be on the
top of the list you know falling out of
the sky
oh no no let's put living together yeah
but let's assume that everything is fine
with the world like every everything
still runs normally but we just lost all
of our video games movies and TV shows
stored on computers you know what would
happen is the next day people would go
to work and make more video games movies
and TV shows yeah we would be down for
like a week yes yes oh thank you Lord
Belmont I will be reading that oh thank
you Lord Belmont send me a link to to
the digital Dark Age BPA there's a BBC
story I will read that thank you for
citing I enjoy citation that's all I
have but I mean you know and and I they
should just have more options for you to
have your you know that have-your-cake-
and-eat-it-too
like I I uh I buy e-books but I'm also
you know these are books that I've
purchased there's also software out
there to let you jailbreak it so you can
make backup copies plus it does a lot
you know I think it song another thing
but a lot of this Nintendo and a lot of
these things it's like the software is
locked into particular hardware and that
gets really annoying yes like you gotta
buy this hardware just to play it even
though that hardware would be perfectly
capable of playing it I mean I know
they're doing next I want you to buy
such and such but yeah they want you you
know what they always want you to buy
the such-and-such of course that's just
a thing except for the so-and-so people
they would rather you bought so-and-so
yeah rich I thought we weren't gonna get
political today and I you know my
feelings on the stone so people I think
the so and so people have valid
arguments and I don't always agree with
their tactics but their their stance is
perfectly logical Nintendo has like
burned hundreds of million dollars a
year for like the next century yeah
Nintendo officially gives no fucks right
fuck this jack-o'-lantern man honestly
look at him he's great I mean first of
all he's great on and secondly he's just
murdering you boys you wear pink but
boys do wear pink Nintendo game you see
how the kids wearing like blue green a
couple stages later his clothes change
color for no reason and then they change
color again oh my god no reason maybe he
changed his outfits yeah and any change
the outfit color is reflected when he
turns into a dragon because whatever
color he has just dragons the same color
so I'm gonna lose this
if I die all right yes so don't die well
that's easier said than done
I know but Richard why don't you just
get good yeah why don't you jack huh why
don't you get good I don't see you
getting good of course I'm one of the
nice things about this game is it has
key code so you can write them down so
what should be the stage you mean just
start from there did you die you died
you tell me then what it's basically
like a overhead view scrolling bottom to
top or top to bottom and you can't stop
moving kind of shooting game like a
spaceship shooting game except it's got
a dragon and he's fighting like
dinosaurs and stuff but the layout is
now unsold sure like I feel like a
Gradius spaceship that flies around on
those things okay
just like semi obscure game sure it's
it's like a bullet hell game are you you
you fly around shoot shoot things and
then also dodge the things they shoot at
you yes yes okay great I am with you are
you or are you just saying that I'm a
understand the game that Karen is
talking about the style of game in which
garyun about and it is a style of game
in which I enjoy game which
unfortunately I don't have a joystick of
my disposal because it does tell agreed
that was winking at you
Oh fearful sludge boy I had not watched
that video yet but I will I promise you
the the last three days the last four
days have been nothing but shooting and
editing a project that I have been
dangerously close to missing my deadline
on and and I got done I just got it done
like two hours before I called rich it
was a big one and and I was almost I was
almost not done I was almost very
embarrassed in front of business-type
people it would be when when you are
when you are a freelancer you get most
of your work from referrals and if
people start saying no he's good but he
doesn't make his deadline then that then
you stop getting referrals so it's been
it's been three solid days of editing
and which is widget which was which is
also dumping no good today I had an eye
exam because I have poor eyesight and go
to the doctor and and the doctor you
know as he starts doing stuff and I'm
not reading well and he's like have you
have your eyes been under a lot of
strain lately and I said well I've spent
the past three days staring intently at
a computer monitor
does that count and he yelled at me he
yelled well you know he did the doctor
thing where it's like you know you need
to take breaks and I was like well fuck
you doctor what do you know right well
you know it's one of those things where
it's I need to stare intently at a
computer screen in order to work so I'm
sorry computer screen so I can afford
the money for you to tell you that this
is what I'm saying
this is what I'm saying good news and
bad news on my eye exam one of my eyes
has gotten slightly better
Wow the other of my eyes has gotten
significantly worse yeah I can't grab
that thing ya know if I'd leave the rib
if you leave the room and come back a
few times at some point it'll show back
up what does it push the mark even do it
varies sometimes it gives you life
sometimes it turns you into a dragon
empty empty I said my god I got robbed
I'm sorry rich I'm very sorry
Rob Liefeld and that's where you can't
draw anymore I don't understand that
that's okay that's okay so someone in
the chat is laughing a little bit I
almost didn't make it up here you know
jack
you didn't I'm my way up here I was like
oh well you know it's a bit of a drive
I'm just about due for an oil change we
should we should explain the Lee living
arrangement just briefly because that's
gonna confuse people it's been discussed
before isn't it no people show up in the
channel I want to say what what I came
up here Karen did not follow me up cuz
we had no idea how me moving up to be
more involved in realtor media would
actually work out mm-hmm so she stayed
down solid with her family and job and
whatnot yeah I want to say that was
assuming via context clues but so you
know it's it's a bit of a little bit of
a haul nothing nothing crazy so I
thought well you know I'm just about to
do foreign oil change I'll get an oil
change so I went to Jiffy Lube and cut
to the to the good part all of a sudden
I hear somebody scream no stop stop
okay and I hear like you know like kind
of tires squealing a little bit so I get
a little read a little window and I take
a look and it turns out they've managed
to drive my car partway into that little
you know that little the pit pit that
they've got you know cuz they can go
underneath it change the oil
so they you know so they can stand up
and change our oil and stuff but they
they managed to drive it partway in
there
the good news the front the front tire
yeah the from one in the front of theirs
so the good news is way down south in
Chicago we're bananas girl and did you
bring any bananas up with you this is
the important partner we're low on
bananas here in Milan but anyway about
bananas and refrigeration I don't know
we watch EQ stuff on YouTube I can only
assume yeah so anyway so they dropped it
in there and it's like well now what so
they tried to drive it out of there you
know to back it up but of course there's
sufficient legs yeah this game is the
past enemies were fish a fish made by
man and there's the verticals or status
or scars or something in the rocks over
there a man Merv and in a crocodile that
throws a little baby crocodiles at you
in the sewer but that sounds great it is
and it is and so yeah they dropped it in
there so that I had to wait for them to
get a tow truck and then they yeah so
they pulled my car back out I had to
wait the wedding yeah you waited an hour
and a half for Denton oh yeah it was a
while and and then they got it out and
it seems to be okay it actually landed
like on the metal frame I will be in
touch with that I mean I look at there's
like an alien egg I will be in touch
with them if there are any issues I
called my insurance company they're like
oh uh call us back if there's any damage
seems to be okay I drove it up here
driving fine I mean I think they kind of
lucked out oh the blood drops be careful
you can hit them but you know like blast
the back it's tough but okay so yeah you
know Jiffy Lube dropped my car that was
so you know Jiffy Lube dropped my car no
big deal you know and I thought oh shit
it's like totaled or something you know
like what the hell but that would have
been the best thing that could happen
because then they'd have to get you a
new fucking car
well no they'd have to give you the car
it's not a terribly new car so then I'd
have to try to find something that
didn't suck
you know so I'm glad that they didn't
told what but yeah
plus you know I would have been able to
just drive right up here yeah but yeah
my day my day you know you guys want to
Train it would've worked out something
yeah but my plans for the day definitely
did not include Jiffy Lube dropping my
car in their pit I mean I was you know
they used to have you drive your car
there and they'd be like everything hand
signals and I'd be kind of nervous but
you know they'd be blah blah blah and
then they'd put their hand up and you'd
be like stop right but no now they do it
and apparently they can't do it either
my favorite there's two spaceships and
they're sending out onion rings and
shrimp and Lizzie your enemies my
shooting of the ships now you're
shooting at the alien shish kebabs okay
the ships are just background
oh yes infer for anyone curious on the
the status of my haunted whore warehouse
I've actually just made a frightening
discovery rich yeah I was told that I
was going to a haunted warehouse full of
Horrors as it turns out I'm in a haunted
house full of we're whores well it's a
it's it's a it's full of whores some of
whom are dead some of whom are women and
some of whom are men which ups the game
for me so I need to figure out which are
women which are men and which are dead
yeah it's it's a it's a dangerous what
which are werewolves were I think they
turn into whores they're whores so so
some of them are regular whores and some
of them are we're whores which are like
man-whores you know okay because that's
what the wearing werewolves mean right
yes yes so like some some other borders
of German words that got turned into
wear that really well yeah I'm again
just using context clues werewolves and
if you're the wolf werewolves okay oh no
I'm you know what I'm doing I'm googling
werewolf a where bitch no no bitch wolf
let's see here but what I kicked that
spot nice oh shit someone else can tell
us okay I am quick we're equals man and
so if you were a wear whore you would be
a man-whore you silly me wait near the
game you and this is what I'm going with
him this is my bitch getting shot I was
doing all right
is is Karen backseat gaming how does it
feel rich justice that's the correct
answer
that's the exact correct answer
welcome to the haunted house full of
where whores I'm muting I need to I'll
be right back okay
to a monster oh it's empty
something I'm looking for some get a key
item well you know one of these there's
a few doors and one of the doors you
still haven't beaten the wishing well
did I even need to fight the onion rings
okay make sense and I'm back what did
you leave Oh nobody nobody noticed oh
yeah I do have a horror where section
Walt Walmart in the red-light district
yeah are you gonna find dildos in whore
wares oh sure you're you're you're
looking for pre-ripped crotchless
stockings right over here in horror
where's nice you know what I'm gonna
call this game guys just from having
seen it not having played it yeah ahead
of its time really I mean there is so
much shit happening that I kind of love
it okay like all the different levels
the the detail and in the pixel art this
is this looks fantastic
the fish with man legs it's a real the
backwards mermen I'm sold on is to video
game yeah it's seriously one of my
favorite nes days of all time just just
for the graphics
it looks great you have you gotta know
the parts with a sea serpents yet that
come out of the water there's like like
his monsters and stuff too there's just
so much good in this leftover beefcake
is requesting that I sing the Monster
Mash I don't know if I held on let me
look up the lyrics for the Monster Mash
and I and then I will sing it for you
leftover beefcake only because you asked
lyrics we need we need lyrics for the
Monster Mash lyrics all right how are we
are we ready for this I would like to
sing the Monster Mash for leftover
beefcake hmm I was working in the lab
late one night when my eyes beheld an
eerie side for my monster from his slab
began to rise and suddenly to my
surprise he did the monster mash it was
a graveyard smash it redid the bones
tomorrow from my laboratory in the
castle east to the master bedroom where
the vampires feast the ghouls all came
from their humble abodes to get juked
from my electrodes I have to stop that
now
why do you oh well thank you thank you I
need to stop now only because if I keep
going I will run out of breath and
possibly embarrass myself and I hear the
back door opening which means Lisa might
be getting home and and that might
embarrass me more if she heard me
singing the Monster Mash
they're nothing nothing's happening in
me I don't know what you're talking
about
certainly not singing the Monster Mash
oh maybe she would do a duet with you
it's quite possible but but unlikely
there was a trip with this thing I had
to avoid the trip because I missed the
fucking door it's probably all the way
near the beginning you can do it rich
aunt I believe in you oh did you die
I've been mathematically eliminated I'm
sorry you're right I should sing I
should sing we're so in love that's
that's how I came up with the song that
I wrote for feeding frenzy you're so in
love by thinking about my wife I thought
about my wife and I thought that we were
so in love and I'm saying it just loud
enough where maybe she might hear the
song I wrote for the movie about aborted
demonic penises fetuses that was fetus
frenzy that was fetus frenzy yeah I I
would I would watch in his frenzy I
could do I could I could watch a movie
called fetus frenzy I think mothers
absolutely
I was watching a YouTube video the other
day where where this guy's doing a
raspberry on his pregnant wife belly and
the fetus like jumps really far Ryan
you're just doing it it's cute this is
terrifying
yeah he's freaking it out he's freaking
out his unborn child and repeatedly
because he's a monster
yeah yeah where did I learn to kick so
well when I don't kick very well at all
I don't play many sports so I don't
understand that question I'm sorry you
know this was the thing about older
games is where they is where they met
were they fair or were they hard to
extend it game play time like where is
there a door where they justified Oh
bullshit bullshit Raymond the wise I am
coming to you tonight from a haunted
house full of where horrors it is my job
tonight to dis to discover which horrors
are women which whores are men which are
wolves and which are dead with the
lights off and my hands tied behind my
back it's been a strange night so far
some ups some downs some bulges some
caverns but we've been doing pretty well
so far I think I'm done unless you want
to try the stitch
if we
