Episode 141
Super Mario 2 - The Karen/Echo Stream (Part 3)
July 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srKviyuuYTc
___________________________________________

fish but he was an artist at the turn of
the 20th century he just did these he's
beautiful like full-page newspaper
strips that were just gorgeous about
this kid he was living in this dream
world and there's a Nintendo game
inspired by it but I've look up sometime
look up Little Nemo the dream master
there's there's a new graphic novel
recently about it and stuff I mean it's
it's in the style of the original lease
when Winsor McCay I think I'll certainly
give the original original set credit
for art it's it's beautiful it's
beautifully dry it's a wonderfully
imagined world oh and you know what it
just isn't watching the stream now like
I was I was hoping you would find the
original Japanese dope yeah I can't okay
I'm with him
I like the super mothers to still yeah
just crap what yep maybe you're crap you
everything about that I did yeah yeah oh
yeah look at that all the time
there you go you leave you leave super
my brother's too alone
they know what's up need to pick up
mushrooms and shit it's crazy supposed
to jump on mushroom does not pick them
up backwards they jump on him pick it up
and you know what you do you throw him
that's right
this game was a cash grab yep well
technically it was not a cash grab it
was a last-minute scramble like Karen
said the the original Super Mario
Brothers 3 which is referred to now as
The Lost Levels in any reference to the
original Super Mario Street thank you I
was deemed too difficult for American
audiences and so then they needed to
slap together a Super Mario Brothers
game on its own merits I mean yes it's
nothing like the rest of the reactors
but on its own merits I don't think it's
a bad game no it's not it's not a big no
and you know this shy guy is one of my
favorite Mario Brothers character of all
time and maybe these characters have
found their way into other like the
ba-ba-ba-ba-bom shy guys ya know there's
a bunch of stuff from this game but it's
it's still a fun fun game but III don't
want to call it a cash grab it was a
it's more of an insult to American
audiences than anything but but I don't
know is a cash grab by the way it gets
ridiculously hard way around now don't
they tend to release easier versions of
games in Japan
flipped I have no idea I do not live in
Japan that's that's that's true I don't
pay that much attention to games
released in Japan
that's right
donkey gonghui we have not seen worch
the the main villain of Super Mario
Brothers 2 is work to the Frog and we
have not seen a wart show up in any
other Mario franchise and since Bertos
around though like Berto you can be
Berto in Super Mario Kart you know but
wart wart is not around that's
interesting mmm the Mouser was in the
cartoon though was work in the cartoon I
woke up extra early just to watch more
cartoons yeah I tried then I'd fall back
asleep like I I considered it my job to
wake up extra early on Saturday morning
just so I could watch more cartoons
I used to be good at this
thank you Oh bother that was a lovely
little cartoon that you linked I don't
think they have I guess you can call
those things shy guys I don't recall
seeing that mask that chases you around
ever again
oh that's a creepy-ass mask well yeah
and basically like the guy in the carpet
is like look Yuto you know you don't see
them you don't see the mask anymore but
the the ghosts in Super Mario Brothers 3
where you turn your back on them and
they follow you or the same concept oh
sure I'm with you this is this is the
part I always liked loved and I was so
confused by as a kid like going into the
pot and then as soon as you go inside
it's a giant pot it's hardest it's
bigger on the inside and I loved I I
both loved that and was terribly like oh
you see you know I always thought of it
like the pipes and the first one I
thought I'd hear you were just
underground and then the vases just led
to what I don't care about - oh sure and
you know I guess I took it too literally
where it's just like you're going in a
pot but the pots way bigger when you're
inside how wheat looking at it I'm
assuming you're right jack I'm assuming
that's what they meant but still they
were Oh
isn't that fun now there's those birds
that are carrying things I thought they
were carrying keys it took me a while to
figure out you could go into the pots
and I was trying to
ways to get the keys from the birds i
strip-searched those birds a dozen times
I've seen things on those bugs that no
person should see although they would
like the ice stages the princess is kind
of useful because she can hover Oh Cyril
about who's most efficient like yes yes
like I never play as toad and I never
play as Mario he picks up and throws
things fast which by the way was never
useful the only people to play as is
Luigi or peach because they can both
jump higher or longer yeah even Mario
made no sense in this game like Mario
well they're like the ones hoops the
ones who don't jump as high they don't
lose as much ability to jump when
they're holding stuff they have
different advantages still I don't see
any reason to play other than this guy
who especially if you hold down and
power up his jump
yeah this guy you're not even gonna say
his damn name nope don't say his name
don't you dare Sully this stream with
that assholes name
goodnight Lucky Strikes
thank you for coming out good night
first leaving
oh god I don't I don't know if I don't
know if I can describe how creepy like
walking into the bird head was as a kid
oh sure it is a fancy door but it's a
creepy door don't you think it's a bird
head and you walk into its mouth but I
never saw it like a real bird I saw just
like a fancy carving I sound like a real
burger no I never did I saw like like a
shrink see kind of thing mean see what
do you want me to say shipping see I've
never heard a chink see like that oh yes
we have the shrinks
we have - Fink's and we will shell -
Fink's of a chef in the Schillings yes s
Joe we all know the the ending
sissy from our brothers - so by the way
spoiler alert spoiler alert - a 30-year
old game I'm about to discuss the ending
to Super Mario Bros 2 and now so in the
end of the game you defeat wart and as
it turns out the entire game was Mario's
dream which is why it was so different
than all the other Mario games you know
it's like they thought about that but
that was that was literally the the most
tacked on ending you could ever ask for
because it was just a different game to
begin with because again this was not a
Mario game this was a different game
that they slapped a Mario skin on which
is fine couldn't make a cannon for all
that matters in Super Mario Brothers yes
it's like it's technically Cannon but
it's it's not real cannon like shy guys
are real and they were part of Mario's
dream because they're real I guess was
the land of dreams right
go hold on Google you know when I google
it
he's one kinda I'm gonna Google Mario -
boom what does it say on Mario that he
dreams of shy guys he just wants to meet
a nice man you know but nothing wrong
with that
a boy he always is plumbing he's
cleaning out a ship from people's toilet
he's like man I just wanted meet a nice
man
nice because you know hey he doesn't
want a man who's full of himself you
know and that princess she's all up in
her own ass offerin cake to be saved and
she don't give no shit about Mario
where's this diary gameplay plot Mario
Luigi toad and Princess Toadstool must
free the dreamland known as sub con from
a villains
subcon you know I bet well over that
nice sub god
and the original a plot to doki doki
panick is while two children are reading
a story a monstrous Handa suddenly
appears from inside the pages and
kidnaps them when the rest of the family
hears their cries for help they jump
into the story to save them
take a rest all your bounce
all right what
who blow things up you gotta get up you
gotta get the mouse to blow up the wall
then you can go on the wall and got
throw the bombs back at the mouse to
blow up the mouse it's a hole the mouse
like yeah you gotta blow up the mouse
night it's a hole anti Disney message
it's really it's really deep get the
mouse rich you're not being helpful it's
just not it's not being helpful like I'm
sure your cute little beads
by the way I don't bother you're right
that is one cool Mouse I mean he has
sunglasses
oh sorry
oh sorry I think sorry everyone's your
wife I think what Karen's trying to say
rich is settled down because that's what
you need to do she's way up on she's way
up in
ya know this whole thing is great the
mouse is great throwing the bombs great
playing and playing that little bit of
Super Mario Brothers one reminds me of
how kind of lame the boss fights are
super my brothers one you know like the
levels are super fun and of course
that's that's the meat of the game is
the platforming exactly over and over
again no I don't know anything that's
very small like like the old floppy disk
well I'm not I'm not the rest of the
Super Mario Brothers makes up for how
lame the boss fights were but that's all
I'm saying is in Super my brothers too
you get a little more to do with the
bosses then run up and jump on an axe
yeah you got a catch bone row yeah three
is very different but the the leap from
Super Mario Brothers 1 to 2 what a super
fast pace to was kind of plotting
plotting it's been plotting it's been
slow little it's nuts that focuses it so
much of running through levels digging
up things all right jumping Mario game
yes well it's because this is not
necessarily a platformer Super Mario
Brothers is a platformer this is not a
platformer
the Rising Sun wants to know rich-rich
do you know who James Wan is James Wan
is a film director do you know who that
is okay he is the person who directed
the Saw movies he directed insidious the
conjuring not seen it he directed a few
right he also directed insidious chapter
2 and the conjuring 2 well and and I
will speak I will always speak highly of
the first to saw movie I thought that
was calling that was a fun low-budget
horror movie James Wan has recently been
announced as the director of the Aquaman
movie different most recently he
directed Furious 7 I believe actually
that is how it happens in modern-day
Canon is like his hand is trapped and he
needs to cut it off like like 28 hours
later or whatever let's go but uh Jane
uh I haven't seen any of James wons
recent movies but given that he has
given the names and what I assume about
what he has made I can only imagine that
Aquaman is going to be an utterly dull
piece of garbage
yeah I don't care about I don't think
anybody cares about Aquaman I don't
think that's going to change
no because direct movie that's not true
you're lying to yourself you're lying to
yourself and to us Karen and I don't
appreciate that
there is there's absolutely no one who
cares about Aquaman something wrong
about getting a a or director to direct
the superhero film DC what are they
doing man
they don't even know are they fucking
doing it's great it's you know what the
the only exciting part about it is like
DC is turned into the wild card you know
they don't even know what they're doing
and that's kind of exciting
that was weird
I think it's given James wands per pen
city to direct sequels and his
willingness to directs visionless pieces
I think it's a perfect choice for DC who
wants control over their properties with
it no one to tell them now and he's
going to direct exactly the movie that
DC wants him to direct and that's fine
but don't care so much it's amazing yeah
yeah yeah
trying to keep trying to care less great
it's not happening sure do you have I
mean who gives a fuck about Aquaman I
mean in real I mean real real people is
there any real person who actually reads
Aquaman or cares about Aquaman is it
thank you rich
I do neighbours more interesting this
name were blatantly an asshole that's
fun they were neighbors perfectly fine
with destroying the surface world of
course
who do you think they'll go that route
are they like you know he's dark now and
he wants to destroy the surface dwellers
I will Google it cuz name wars not not
one of the 60 Stanley creations
neighbors so anymore actually might
predate Aquaman I'm looking at him
Aquaman's the first appearance was in
November 1941 Neymar
okay ready for this
yeah Namor 1939
namor the sub-mariner is two years older
than Aquaman boom boom fucking boom 1939
Jesus Christ they've been making comics
for a long time his first appearance was
in the comic publication motion picture
funnies weekly what was that noise and
how do you make it again wonderful I
know if you can find one of those comic
books you've got a fortune on your hands
oh I'm sure there might be no known
copies of
Oh namor okay jack Thundercats and I
mean I don't give a fuck why you know
was the lamest character of all time
their son Maya is fuckin on yeah I
shouldn't be rooting for the villains to
win because I think the heroes are so
lame haha yeah I never got Thundercats
I'm sorry Karen I can't be with me on
this I just don't I just did I never I
never understood besides like the
Thundercats are the good guys and
mumm-ra's the bad guy I never understood
why they were fighting
you know like with like he-man is pretty
lame but like he had a whole town that
he was protecting or whatever I got that
I never understood Thundercats world why
were they fighting against bummer sure I
never got it wasn't my dick I like the
toys a lot more of a lot of 80s
properties more so than I look at the
cartoons like the he-man cartoon hate
bohemian cartoon love the e man toys I I
wanted to see chrisandem you kicked in
the nuts cause such a fucking pussy I
hate for example well wasn't that look I
love the he-man toys wasn't that her
shtick that Rachel like wasn't he
supposed to be the pussy just so he
could be the hero I couldn't
I was so annoyed by him I couldn t IJ oh
I love the comic books the comic books
had a body count I mean they weren't
afraid to murder people they didn't use
laser guns in the comics they use
fucking machine guns
oh god I didn't know that yeah never
ever did your brother Cobra Commander
was an actual threat missin cartoon
bullshit comic Cobra Commander was a
disgruntled used-car salesman who over
time built up his own terrorist network
and it's it's so much more interesting
than he was a snake man comic books had
Snake Eyes man with a ninja soldier with
a melted face the cartoon said dude oh
yeah yeah yeah he's on like three
episodes Flint you mean you mean Duke
with a black shirt
I
yes
got a stretch gotta keep moving rich yep
keep moving I need to uh save walk for a
new back that's what we're doing saving
up for a new back that's the next
purchase yep we're forgoing the the
steam box because a new back will be
slightly cheaper
that's what they call a zinger oh that
was I mean that was a bad joke and I
accept that was a bad joke I said it
anyway because I thought it was funny
because sometimes I think bad jokes
funny nobody ever talked about the wheel
warriors they've been if they're
forgotten eighties property the wheel
warriors they drove cars with like giant
saws mounted on their buds and laser gun
lots of laws dino saucers
I don't remember any of these things you
are you're slightly older than I am yeah
I suppose I am I really young one Jason
my arrow is more of the 90s also also as
far as our rated children's stuff I
always preferred the comic book ninja
turtles to the to the Carter Ninja
Turtles when when I was a kid sure you
know I've never read the comic book
Ninja Turtles you know you know they
defeat the shredder
Leonardo decapitate sim and it's Jesus
it an epic one-on-one duel it's probably
my favorite comic book ever oh it's your
they're fighting on the top of an
exploding building that's great I wonder
if I can get the trade is there I'm sure
there's I have just actually I'm kind of
upset I discovered recently that I'm
missing one of my old Turtles volumes so
I'm missing like a whole chunk of issues
I use them all though missing like you
used to have it and it's cool haven't
read it all the time when I was younger
and I went to dig it out recently just
to revisit the turtles I can't fucking
find it well I know I don't
that's actually really terribly
that is really terrible I recently we
went to the library the other day and
just sitting there in the DVD rack was
the Michael Bay produced Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtle movie grabbed it I grabbed
it I grabbed it and I watched it because
it was a chance to watch it for free oh
yeah man man just terrible yeah I mean
of course I was but it's it's so much
worse than you would think it would be I
mean it wasn't like amazing spider-man
bad but it was pretty bad how can you
how can you title a movie after the
people who were we don't meet until an
hour into the movie I don't care the
answer is I don't care yeah that's fine
that's fine I don't want I like it I
guess I don't want to care to be into it
that much but it was just one of those
things right yes it was bad cartoon show
there are young turtles free quality
pretty quality it's great season one was
high quality hmm season two they're
trying to sell toys what you know I get
it it's for kids
season one pretty season one's pretty
awesome I'm wearing to work the season
four over here it's there yeah yeah
season four examine no season fours out
and it's funny it is fun there was there
was just Pizza zombies every I think
that season three
oh and you know like the way they do a
dynamic we've been watching them through
Amazon Instant oh and they do them
through like collections maybe that's
the problem
okay but it's fun whatever it is it's
fun and pizza zombies in which a giant
talking pizza turns gives people Pizza
faces it's great Heys nearest pizza face
you know it's pretty good rich did you
paint the Kenner Han Solo action figure
painting in the our LM living room no
that was a fan sent us that I don't know
what was I don't know up top my head
that was something sent in by a fan
there's two of them yeah they did a han
Solo one they did a burrito yeah they're
really cool pizza train let's let's be
cool about any sort of spoilers about
any sort of thing I don't want to I
don't want to mention anything more but
let's be cool pizza train about any sort
of spoilers with any sort of thing
that's all I'm telling I'm telling pizza
train to be cool if I were to once again
spoil the ending of Super Mario Brothers
2 I would give a spoiler warning I was
telling you if you want to know what we
think of the Big Trouble in Little China
remake just just go back and find out
what I said about the Total Recall
remakes Robocop remake think remake and
you know what we think mmm
it's utterly pointless mm-hmm you know
there's no reason to remake a movie that
already works really really well
it's a pointless endeavor right it's
just masturbation hey hey rich rich the
Rising Sun has an important question
okay
rank which is worse man of steel or the
order 1886 that's that's the order 1886
and you just fall down a hole and die
the order 1886 lasted ten times as long
you know the Man of Steel was is a
terrible movie that makes you feel bad
about yourself for watching it but it
only lasts two hours the order 1886 is a
terrible game that makes you feel bad
for playing it and it lasts nine hours
so that best of the worst has taught us
that length is the ultimate tiebreaker
yeah yes absolutely
you know why because you haven't seen
Mad Max that's true if you hadn't seen
me be 500 miles an hour you'd be totally
fine maybe you should go see Mad Max
fury road were like right now uh yeah we
will watch it and come back and then
play something sorry oh well this
industry right here in this dream right
here and if in theory Mad Max is a bit
late now if Mad Max were starting a
theater yes I would end this stream
right now listen Peter so I could watch
Mad Max I mean even though even though
technically I'm wearing like pajama
bottoms and socks
yeah but that's the understatement of
the year rich still fills 100 times
class here so rich said that there's no
reason to remake a movie that works so
what would you all be cool with Disney
remaking the Star Wars prequels ah
what's sleeping dogs lie just just
forget about them I think it's the best
way to deal with the Star Wars prequels
I think if you wanted to quote remake
them in order to do it so that it worked
it wouldn't even be a remake at that
point you just been making three other
movies that take place before episode 4
what the amount of changes you would
have to do to make that movie there's no
point in calling it a remake
oh no new I don't know if you ever saw
this there's a really fun a series of
YouTube videos about this guy like
making his like theoretical version of
the prequels yep and it's it's it's just
a fun thought piece where he kind of
goes through like how he would envision
the prequels and how they could still be
good movies and it's it's fun I forget
what they call what they're called
hopefully someone in the chat will link
to them so people can can read these
because they're they're really it's a
really fun series but but that's the
real thing is they won't make those
movies they're done the prequels are
done yeah I'm sorry
everybody move on long-long here here's
a ambiguous question which might leads a
good conversation rich yep
army of Darkness is 81 minutes long huh
Avengers 2 was 141 minutes
discuss darkness is fun yeah yeah no
it's it's fine moving Arviat darkness
you know what he's not listening to
Avengers 2 was also fun it was ok it was
no it was an army of darkness at least
you know with some fun schlock skeleton
stop Avengers - I mean it's almost
doomed to mediocrity is decent it is
doomed to mediocrity but here here's the
thing uh army of Darkness is a classic
is a wonderful movie it's a flawed
classic it's still it's a commendable
moments the memorable moment moments are
more memorable than the Avengers two
memorable moments whoa Oh 100% like army
of Darkness will will continue on
whereas Avengers 2 will eventually just
become part of the Marvel Mud Pie Tony
Stark never calls anybody a prude of
screw-head but here's the thing about
Avengers 2 141 minutes it does not feel
141 minutes it it moves along at a nice
pace as does army of Darkness army of
Darkness moves along at a nice pace they
are both appropriately paced they're
different movies
but it would what do you do da did you
beat that boy you daughter
boy don't leave you beat the blade in
great event army of Darkness is more
quotable than Avengers - and that's my
metric I think it's a fine metric that's
yes this is my boomstick yeah I'm ok
with that
I'm terrified beyond the capacity for
rational thought and the way he says it
is so dead man I'm terrified beyond the
capacity for action but I'm trying to
remember his business he got over the
the Bill Murray line at the end where
he's just like yes it's true this man
has no penis no I mean first of all
Ghostbusters is obviously the greatest
movie ever made everyone knows that
partly because of its political lines
but I mean Avengers 2 is what it is and
Avengers 2 an army of Darkness are two
very different budgets by this quote
metric Macross is saying by that metric
the room is fucking fantastic and you
know what the room is you only say that
because I haven't seen the room Oh
Karen is not a fan oh wait yeah this is
why Karen has never been on best of the
worst
listen not everyone appreciates bad
movies I will see the room one of these
days somebody in the chat saying I
missed the name
goddamnit that name name a quote from
ghostbusters 2
rockello d oh and it's it's true
ghostbusters 2 it doesn't have the
quotes that Ghostbusters one does
Ghostbusters I can take a 100
Ghostbusters 2 is not the movie that
Ghostbusters one that's I think that's
the point
yeah and also dissecting it more it's
not as quotable so it goes along the
line with the using movie quote ability
as a metric for judging the movie agreed
agreed yeah I mean it like that you know
any any sort of like a Vigo stuff like
this is he go the destroyer of worlds I
love that whoever that guy is I love I
just love the places I'm gonna I'm going
to do my best to try to think of a quote
from ghostbusters 2 this is V go you
might be able to get one or two but I
mean right Ghostbusters you can quote
half the goddamn movie absolutely yeah
absolutely
absolutely 100% Friday by the way you
totally write Friday is a wonderfully
quotable movie there's the and that's
part of it and really what we're mixing
what we're missing here as far as like
being quotable as being good as we're
missing cause versus effect it's not
good because it's quotable it's quotable
because it's good this is what I'm
saying is the reason it's quotable is
because it's good nothing it's not good
because it's quotable you know you can't
just have a quotable movie you can't
have a movie full of like quirky quips
I don't know he doesn't have to be
quotable to be good I mean Mad Max fury
road I mean that's only got like four
lines
oh no I mean you know my my endlessly
quotable line from Mad Max fury road is
well there's it's a lovely day such a
lovely day oh and then there's that time
that Mad Max says that's a character
he's a man of few words yes that well
that was pretty obviously that was the
joke that was the joke rich they don't
need any funny they just need to be told
with enthusiasm hasn't Dane Cook taught
you anything I'm not from Boston he's
not his jokes aren't necessarily good
but he tells them with such enthusiasm
he has some good jokes
Dane Cook has some good jokes he does
yes I was like Karen's parents house and
her father was washing a Dane Cook
special the whole special I just sat
there with a blank face the audience of
course is cracking up for some reason
but I'm just like staring at the screen
like a zombie waiting waiting for her so
that's an excellent joke no no that's an
excellent joke
first of all red dragon you glitch my
dragon we're probably not going to any
convention
I mean we're probably not Phoenix it's
probably not gonna happen we don't know
anything about the convention secondly
Dean Koch it does have some decent jokes
most of them
he carries through his performance alone
enthusiasm but I I will defend Dane Cook
not 100% yeah what no I'm not gonna stop
while you're ahead
he has a funny bit about people who shit
on coats and it's great I am i defending
Cooke not 100% any percent yep i
defending cook some pearl ah you're
wrong sir no no no he's got some decent
bits he's got some decent bit and he and
he tells all of his jokes with such an
enthusiasm so they're bad jokes not a
good news fine he's a good poem no just
just just just just no ma'am
oh you're a crazy man I'm not a crazy
you've got some good oh you're you're a
crazy man they'd find me if I named
things right don't think he's gonna be
fine
no and he didn't do Hickey he didn't
steal that bit from Dane Cook in fact
they did a whole thing of it on Louie
where they addressed the situation where
they made it very clear that even Dane
Cook didn't think that he stole a bit
from him they just both happened to tell
a joke about scratching your asshole
that's just he's or not funny that
Rossum is he's not a funny man that was
specific to do hinky doohickey was
mentioning hey there was there was a
whole hubbub about him stealing a joke
from Louisa Kay I don't care oh no that
wasn't to you that was that was to
someone rich that was to someone else no
I you know I can accommodate by
definition a good comedian needs to be
funny yeah horrible jokes about
scratching assholes and the question is
okay what first pretty much I think the
real thing is you know comedy is in art
and art is subjective and so it's
alright if you don't find the jokes he
tells funny but you know I think he has
I mean art might be subjective but if
almost everybody thinks it sucks
yeah well that certainly doesn't matter
at least one person doesn't think of sex
oh they're back your Bob
she I want to know what I thought of
XCOM to the answer that is you should
have shown up at the stream three hours
ago
yeah I'm sorry what yeah we should
probably be done done in general yeah
we're gonna get a little lately and and
you know like here here's how you know a
stream has gone too long we are in
general talking about Dane Cook and
that's because I don't think me nor
Karen can comprehend the fact that you
were yeah and in here no of course not
it's nothing for us was it was the show
that I watched as a kid and I'm sure I
haven't thought about since besides Bob
Saget is still alive I suppose but but
no like here's the most wonderful thing
about Dane Cook is for a while he was
the biggest comedian on the planet and
what's he been doing lately and by the
way nobody does he's not doing anything
he had a stick and he lost his stick and
now it's gone yes yes he had dirty
nursery rhymes that so that was his
schtick yeah and and it was the same
with Dane Cook where he had his
performance stick I thought there were
some good jokes in there but that's all
he had was his his energetic performance
chick and the world has lost their need
for him and so it's it's pointless for
us to even talk about him and because
we're talking about him that that means
that we've run out of things to talk
about and we should end the stream so
here's here's what I'd like to say thank
you everyone for coming out thank you to
all the old subscribers thank you to the
new subscribers
and thank you thank you to future
subscribers thank you to anyone elses
new skills here let's talk about Dane
Cook husband what do you mean ya know my
subscriber oh thank you raisa pizza
pizza for subscribing we really
appreciate it
we do really appreciate it can we can
cut the stream
