Episode 301
Audio SHANKED my Turtle Stream (Part 3)
July 5, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djzMSxJUvpE
___________________________________________

I want mobile to work I want something
to work tonight this is this is the
cursed the cursed scream of curse Cygnus
this is the kerstin cursed done stream I
heard so many amazing things about
mumble and it just hasn't worked for us
and we have these weird issues with
Skype which I hate obviously but you
know and now my modem are you fighting
them poacher yep that's great that's
great
choking him with a meat hook because yes
why not
why wouldn't you meet books right
well yeah in twitchplayspokemon the the
audio is great but both rich and I get
echoes and obviously that's unacceptable
and so that you know like right now it's
like do we have echoes throughout the
entire stream or do we just stop and
restart the stream every time this guy
flips out because skype flips out and I
would be the obvious answer or Skype but
I want mumble to over to because the
audio quality is so much better and he
can't figure out why we're echoing and
last time rich and I did a test rich had
on his can headphones and I had on
earbuds and so it wasn't any bleed
through from the headphones just it was
just a weird echo it don't make no sense
it don't make no sense I know it's my
internet my my modem freaked out again
the cell that's gonna be most of
tomorrow is figuring out my internet so
many apologies on my part for my bad
internet I'm using headphones I can't
speak for Jack so it's not because I'm
not using headphones I'm using Ed votes
oh yeah no and I have you bugs like the
the echo the echo thing is not anything
to do with like the microphone picking
up on our headphones it's some sort of
hardware problem and we don't know what
it is and everything is terrible but for
the night check out space cap demo let
me know if you want a legitimate version
Oh somebody did a spacecraft quest game
oh do they yeah well they day I don't
know if there's much to it I look at it
a little bit before the stream strange
oh how did you know about it there's a
link in the chat there's no this stick
Lords link it again
I mean I kind of saved the link on my
desktop
good right now no sticklers link it
again now I want to see it
I don't think rich has seen come the
fury yet which have you seen country and
I I watched it like five minutes and I
got the joke and I got bored
I mean that I mean absolutely no
disrespect but I just got a little bored
I'm sure it's funny sure it's great but
I just got bored
which place Bochum on says maybe the
echo is due to mumble outputting to
multiple devices which are all being
captured by OBS which could be which
could be but then just figuring out what
it's outputting to and what OBS is
picking up on you're working on it thank
you
stick Lardon stick lords i have the link
oh my god and i all i see is the outside
of the PCI repair shop and I love it
already that's all I see and I love it
already as soon as I will play this
after we're done with the stream tonight
and I would like to know stick Lords
send us the impressiveness information
at previously recorded dot our LM at
gmail that's that's the email that that
I check send us your information twitch
plays Pokemon
we tried virtual audio cables and
apparently rich and I neither rich nor I
are smart enough to understand how they
work because all that did was cause more
problems virtual audio cables make no
sense people use them people use them to
cut me they make no sense to me at all
do you need another program to run
virtual audio cables because I have no
idea how they work can you type it oh
sorry stick a letter told us
or it is not our LM ER at gmail.com they
go that's our email for now I thought I
asked Mike to give me access to B we
have a prereq at red letter media yep
email address
and I just don't have access to it but
that's that's a way more official than a
gmail thing yes so phones fight it up
don't worry Don I'm sure I'm sure she's
gonna have some kind of second forum or
something that's going way too smoothly
that's that's always the thing like I'm
winning I'm winning this boss but I
shouldn't be winning yeah
oh no I like I understand everyone I
like I understand the concept of what
virtual audio cables are but both rich
and I downloaded them to get rid of this
whole echo problem to get rid of this
whole like volume control problem and
neither one of us could figure out how
they work
yeah I'll talk to Mike again next time I
see him to give me access to the to the
red letter media and prereq email I'm
sure I brought it up at some point it's
fine why not just use Google Hangouts
because the audio quality for Google
Hangouts is worse than Skype
oh that's hardcore
what the same shot right that mm-hmm
unless their second form is a ghost I
think that fight is over
Oh
are they go
easy P you know that is that the
easy-peasy
so what's new I'm trying to think I
think yeah you know what I started
watching recently is a true detective it
was very nice
only into I know I'm three episodes in
and it's very good and that Matthew
McConaughey is a fine actor that's all I
have that's all you need that's all I
mean it's it's not it's a nice slow
detective story you know where they take
time to kind of show the actual work and
I think that's that's a nice thing whoa
congratulations should make life lessons
so this true detective is very nice
trying to think of anything else that
I've been doing I've been really Wow
don't get shot by somebody else I've
been really enjoying this boiler for our
early access ketchup I've been really
enjoying crypt of the necrodancer yeah
just just you know I was trying
invisible ink and not having a lot of
luck with that so I was just picking up
that today crypt of the necrodancer and
it's just just nice it feels good and
the music as soon as that it's like it's
like world one to that music for world
one two is so good it's the best what do
you think what do you think I haven't
even got marry you haven't even gotten
there yet I'm still getting into it are
you kidding
I can barely beat blood - I'm dead I
have died
oh no you died
play any terrible games lately um no not
terrible you know
that's all I have I'm sorry I mean you
know it the only terrible game I play
lately is Lego Batman I think it's
really bad I think it's a really bad
name it's Lego Batman 2 and I get it you
know they're meant for small children
you get to play as all of the characters
in almost the entire DC Universe you can
play as every single character and I get
that I get like kids are super into it I
fucking hate it I think I think it's an
atrocity gameplay-wise okay but but of
course I'm a I'm an adult I'm not their
target market
oh you know what I can talk about rich
what is your history with Godzilla
terribly much okay very rare no and then
I would see like like Mothra type movies
on TV when I was younger
okay but I call myself look at Godzilla
fan boy or anything why okay well movie
okay and I haven't seen the new movie
I'm not a Godzilla fanboy but I like the
old Godzilla movies I'm a big fan of men
in giant rubber costumes destroying
obviously the small fake cities yeah I
think they're hilarious
so recently over the weekend my youngest
my four-year-old got a Godzilla toy and
of course he has no idea what Godzilla
is really why would he do four-year-old
yeah why would he know a Godzilla is and
he's been having so much fun with this
Godzilla toy that I decided it was time
it was time to introduce the boys to
Godzilla and so last night we watched
Godzilla 2000 which is you know above a
pretty reason but still like kaiju blue
like still still like men in big
costumes Godzilla noise and they fucking
flipped out over Godzilla destroying
cities and fighting giant aliens that
were also kind of gone
guardzilla it was great yeah it was
beautiful
and I was so happy especially like my
younger if my four-year-old is really
into being the bad guy and really into
being monsters really of course is good
that like that's all he wants to do is
just like be the bad guy whenever we
play anything right
and so he's super into Godzilla Godzilla
comes into town wrecks everything and
goes he's like Godzilla's the greatest
the only problem was we get midway
through the movie and it's Godzilla
fighting an alien spaceship okay and the
alien spaceship shoots Godzilla and
knocks him down like it isn't hurt does
it he just knocks him down
so my four-year-old starts crying really
he starts crying and goes but he was the
best bad guy because he thought that the
alien spaceship killed Godzilla no no no
he's fine
and so then you know of course got to
look jumps up and he's fine and the
relief on his face it was cute well it
was it was just like he loves being the
bad guy he loved monsters and so we got
to watch a big rubber puppet suit
monster movie with the children last
night and loved it just loved it there
was one bad word yeah and I don't think
they noticed I gotta go the good
scientists called the evil scientist an
asshole nice yeah
ask classic
and I don't think they noticed but
beyond that it was it was a phenomenal
night and I got a couple I got a couple
other movies that I'm ready like I have
Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla because
that's the real one like Godzilla
fighting a robot version of Godzilla
that's the ultimate right that's the
ultimate Godzilla movie and you know I
got I got Godzilla versus King given and
Mothra I can't wait to start teaching
them all the swear voice here's the
thing rich yeah once they save their
first swear word it's all over is it
or are they just become adults and these
words mean nothing just their swish
exactly well that's the thing once they
learn their first way of it like it's a
big terrible thing that will ruin them
no one else will get hurt I just said it
I'm not a monster
no but like once they learn their first
one then then we have the official life
these are words that you should not say
in front of other kids they're gonna ask
why can't they say them and they're
gonna have a great point no no the
reason why is because it's not always
appropriate to say these words why not
what is magical about those works what
is so special about those words and then
the power we have given them some people
find those words offensive and it is why
isn't the conversation what's wrong with
these people
why isn't that the conversation Jack
tell me I want to know I need to know
because in general it's good to be nice
to other people and part of that is not
going out of your way to offend them and
these words while they're wonderful are
superlative like they're not necessary
to say there are other words in the
language that we could use to express
our ideas that are also non offensive
and in general we want to be nice to the
people around us
it just blew Rich's mind I know I'm
trying to think of it an example it's
like so we don't need to use those words
all I mean you don't need any synonyms
then why don't we just start cutting
words out of the dictionary why don't we
start cutting words out of the
dictionary it's shielding them from
something that's going to be a normal
part of their life space absolutely but
I mean as children the act of killing
children from those words is the very
thing that that gives those words their
power well that there just works wholly
sure but but again this is the thing
where it's like a child does not
necessarily possess the power to discern
when it's appropriate to use these words
and back to our conversation from five
seconds ago I believe there are some
points I don't I don't understand and in
the greater context of society I don't
understand why they're inappropriate
forces
Oh I mean look here's the thing in a in
a perfect world they would not be
inappropriate but again some people find
those words to be offensive and those
words are
extra doesn't you know those people need
to fuck off there you go that's all you
need so they don't necessarily so
children don't necessarily lack the
ability to disseminate the appropriate
use of those words and like I said once
they hear their first one there once
they start repeating their first swear
word then it's all over then it's gonna
be custcity in this house as far as I'm
concerned it's gonna be nothing but
cussing because then it's like you don't
do this outside of the house but inside
of the house fuck shit yeah you do it
all you want
oh you found a great I'm not really
going to do some just the whole thing
seems so well no and it's not about like
I see a lot of people in Chad making a
hypothetical arguments but like the
people who are offended automatically
win and it's not like it's not about
them like automatically winning it's
about us being respectful to other
people because that's what that's what
it's all about is like why does it you
know check not everybody deserves
respect I'm gonna say that it's true and
while that's true you can't you can't
automatically know if someone deserves
respects if they're just overhearing
something that you're talking about like
you know if there is someone who's just
walking down the street and you're
saying ah fuck shit all the ass shit
yeah how do you know if that person
deserves respect
I don't ask nothing to do what the words
they're saying oh oh no I'm saying
you're saying the words okay and and
that person what if that person does
deserve respect and and they don't like
hearing those words and yet you're I
don't see what this has to do with
vocabulary newer you were asking what if
the people who were respecting don't
deserve respect
yeah and I'm saying how do you know they
deserve respect or not I say fuck the
people I know and respect all the time
it doesn't mean I disrespect them just
because I swear around them yeah but
those people probably are okay with
swear uh-huh
are there people in my life who you
don't swear on there's there's people in
my life who I do choose to respect them
but I think they're nuts sure sure but
you choose to respect their wishes about
your language cuz cuz there wouldn't be
any way to keep family peace otherwise
my sisters are Mormon
I would avoid well no actually you know
what I would happen to swear around here
I wouldn't do it excessively sure I'm
sure I'd do it without thinking about it
but she is a Mormon and I'm sure she
gets offended you know I probably I
don't even really think about it I guess
maybe I do swear around here and I just
don't care or notice because no sane
person person should give a shit I'll be
sure you know like I said and and this
is just me this is you know what what am
I going to be the change you want to see
you know people will be less uptight
about swearing so I'm gonna swear around
people don't change I want to see but
you know I'm gonna keep doing what I'm
doing like for example this is I'm gonna
lay out a hypothetical for you about
like you're Mormon sister right yeah you
probably don't care for her talking
about religion around yeah well I just
really you know what she doesn't talk
about religion right and do you think
that's because she respects your your
right not to hear about it because she
knows you don't necessarily want to I
don't even know if how much she knows
about my religious views it's just not
something I talk about around well this
is all I hear is my hypothetical my
hypothetical is what let's say she did
right let's say she brought in religion
all the time and that's not necessarily
annoyed and I wouldn't hang oh there's
so much sure but you would probably want
her not to talk about that so you could
hang out
if she wanted to talk about it I don't
think I could stop her I'm in a weird
situation here with you where I'm trying
to explain common decency saying fuck
you I don't common decency involves you
know how the word fuck is indecent word
is the word fuck is in DC it's an
audible exclamation point there there
fuck is an indecent word why because why
it literally means an indecent act so
this is there anything is there anything
inherently wrong with good sex sex is
something you do with someone you want
right right sex is the reason that we
all exist yes it is a social Normandy
not to be discussed okay well obviously
when I say fuck you I am not actually
understand I'm not actually asking you
to have intercourse with that person
you're not no maybe I've been designed
that words have different definitions
and one of the definitions of fuck is to
have intercourse yeah and the other
definition is just you know fuck off
fuck you I don't give a fuck it
basically exclamation point verbal
explanation play so I don't I don't see
how the sex definition has anything to
do with it because obviously I'm not
using it that way well then all I'm
saying is that's like that is a use of
the word
is it you were asking for how often does
the f-word get used as being sex to have
sex I wouldn't only imagine quite a lot
I would often not nearly as much as it
is just an exclamation something you say
when you're angry or something when you
get excited like holy fuck I know Mom we
we have we have very different lives
when when when when the Blackhawks score
a goal and I say oh fuck that that
doesn't mean I want to have sex with
Patrick Kane do you understand this
maybe it maybe then the the real problem
is your your vocabulary
you're taking this word how the context
so words shouldn't have more than one
meaning well you know if they do and by
the way maybe the Blackhawks are really
confused too because they're like this
guy is totally Indian man
oh no one heard the chat saying I was
soft today before I had kids like I'm
I'm not a prude maybe I'm a prude I
don't know I mean you guys have seen the
things I do and say I enjoy cussing and
I enjoy crude things but I think there
is an understanding that children lacked
as far as the crude things are concerned
and I think like when when kids are like
exposed to these crude things in the
wrong way that's when we get the s all
11 year-olds calling everyone faggots on
Xbox Live is because they don't
understand the meanings of words or the
meanings of expressions I don't think I
don't think fuck is equivalent to the
word faggot no no that was a it's not a
slur against any race creed not even a
religions that insult to a lifestyle
it's just it's fuck oh sure but I think
that's part of like a greater expletive
well maybe we should put more thought
into what are and are not swear words I
don't know I don't know that fuck
belongs them I don't know that shit
belongs there
god damn it certainly doesn't belong
there I mean like I said it's it's it's
all part of it it's all part of a
greater scheme of kids not understanding
the weight of words and you know the the
we can agree and disagree about be like
obscenity that's not a word it's obscene
edea word up said well the obscenity
myths like the the level of obscenity of
the word fuck right but it's like a
child doesn't understand the weight of
these words and so by the way yet I
don't have any problem with slurring of
religion I don't I just brought that up
we're talking about what these words
mean context rules
look doesn't have it's not in any insult
to anybody right oh right
a word that and for some reason people
are offended by it and I don't entirely
understand why do I think my kids will
be better better than what galaxy looks
better than me hopefully ones already
smarter than me and he's only seven so
I'm just that's all you can hope for you
know all I'm all I'm trying to impart on
my children and the people around me is
that I want them to understand that the
things they say have meaning I guess I
guess that's the the the philosophical
underlying statement the Rising Sun is
saying rich doesn't understand the
weight of the words either apparently I
don't understand why the words have
weight in the first place yes that's how
we express our feelings and emotion and
thoughts and ideas committee decided
that the word fuck was offensive they
everything were the world and by the way
to becoming less and less self you know
like what was it you know who swears are
becoming more and more abundant on cable
television we we as a society determine
what words are and are not offense
but
so and you know it's just it's just one
of those things and that by the way it's
perfectly okay that rich and I have
these disagreements on this yeah she's
fine is this is just a backup who are
you baby I don't know I haven't been
able to pay attention to cutscenes cuz
we're doing this during stream I it
looks like you're fighting like a
pot-bellied the SNM yes and I'd love it
I think it's great I think it's
hilarious the GIMP that's what he is
he's a gambler so anyway I mean it's to
wrap up it's it's okay if you guys agree
or disagree with rich or I or if you
disapprove both of us or agree with both
of us we all have these different items
by the way looks like there's some kind
of shit storm happening in the chat I
don't know what happened
yeah what's going on jacket
I don't think like I don't think that
cursing will directly lead to
problematic behavior
the dude 1941 says Decca sounds like
you're more concerned that allowing your
children to curse freely will lead to
problematic behavior and I don't think
that I don't think there is a causation
I think that it's there are people who
allow their children to curse and
they're fine merrily people have a lot
of their children are curse and they're
not fine and my children once they learn
how to curse will be allowed to curse I
mean I love it I love cursing I think
it's great but you know just teaching
them when it's appropriate you know when
you're around people you know who also
occurs and go nuts make it a curse storm
all right I killed the S mmm oh I ripped
out his nipple chains that's exciting
you know like I'm I think that I think
there's a difference
oh my god I'm watching that cutscene now
ripping out his nipple or hey you know
like Pollak politically correct is one
of those words that is thrown around not
a lot now as a negative it is a negative
and I think well but but I think it's
often like being politically correct is
often confused with being polite and I
think there is a very real difference
between just being polite and that's all
I'm trying to teach that up all I'm
trying to teach them is think about the
people around me and by thinking about
the people around you hopefully it will
encourage them to think about you and
think about the people around them and
if we were all thinking about the people
around us wouldn't that be a great thing
if we were all like concerned with the
people around us I think that would be a
nice nice thing I just I just don't
understand why people are offended by
words like shit in the first place I
don't think you have to understand I
think you just have to acknowledge
yeah exactly crocodile brain it says
Jack the man who plays fuck bought five
thousand he's droppin some knowledge on
swearing that's the thing like fuck by
five thousand is one of my favorite
creations and I loved the idea of a
robot that unstoppably has sex with
everything it comes across and that's
yeah that's okay
yet if I'm hanging around with people
whom I know don't like swearing I will
refrain from swearing because I'm being
polite
this game has some problems managing
screening the scrolling I notice
anything about that it's fine that's
fine great
oh thanks the dude the the dude is is
finding a way to agree with both of us
rich oh really yeah
what do you say the duty of the dude
1944 says he agrees with rich that
swearing shouldn't be that big of a deal
yeah but I agree with Jack that being
considerate of others is a positive
thing you know what I like in
generalizations that's great isn't that
great
unstoppable fuck robot sounds like a
good description of rich Evans after the
Star Wars video and I like that you know
what I don't like that good things are
good and bad things
well they sometimes can be bad that's a
generalization right I kind of like
shake it's a bit of a masher but it's
fun
like everything clay does it looks great
I love the animation mm-hmm agreed
agreed it looks great
all right who was it that that made the
text adventure stick Lords or something
he has not sent me an email with his
contact information yet I haven't played
it yet but I have also not received an
email from him like his contact
information as I requested how will I
get ahold of you stick Lords asking us
to write him something I have no idea
how to write a adventure game so that's
something I have any experience with we
can we can figure it out that well
that's why I want to get in contact with
him to like figure out what he needs
like do you need all the branches do you
need just some like story structure
listen we won't make it happen but we
need a way to get ahold of you right
oh god damn it why are you falling off
that cliff
yes I have the link for it but oh uh
Jack today earlier today yeah um was
subscriber huh
one year one year one year actually oh
my god John kilo has more John kilo well
first first omni remix no 12 months in a
row well we've been doing this for a
year right John kilo hmm 13 months jesus
H Christ Jesus fuck jesus titty-fucking
Christ fuckin hell Wow Wow Jesus not
anal penetration but fuckin ass cheek
Christ thirty thirteen months yep I'm
thinking about it
Lord Beaumont Zeno's been all on buck
who's rich read Stardust Godfather 42
Craig Adele brain and tired and sad
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true yeah I mean I can't believe
we've been doing this for 13 months and
we still can't figure out audio and we
still can't hear a depressing thing
isn't that great yeah yeah I mean we
we've come a long way since those early
streams you hear you listen to those
early streams it's a different beast is
is there an official prereq birthdate I
don't I'd have to look back
I have to look back on when our first
like group stream was I don't know if
there was an official I mean there is an
official obviously but I don't know what
it is oh ow
big man hurt oh okay big man hurt face
maybe we can rehash the capture card
saga of the first season right we had
we've had we had very different problems
that for the first couple of months
did I give you the key to Frozen Synapse
rich did I send you did I told you the
key to plays and say yes I'm gonna say
yes yeah I think I forwarded that to the
the Zayas were thanking people for
subscribing to this dream
John kilo said he subbed on the first
day we were at which part oh my god
so that is we've been going for 13 my
living gone for slightly longer than 13
months because we were screaming a
little bit before we were partners oh my
god we should if we should do an
anniversary XCOM stream where we pick up
XCOM where i love to help I'm all down
with that I don't have to beg me to play
X come save it up great save it up twos
coming out I don't know when oh nothing
I dunno I just want to know more about
it yeah
Frozen Synapse has an iPad version
there's crazy
now thirteen months that's on this one
year in one month I know yeah I've made
it a little farther in Batman Arkham I I
don't know if I'll finish Batman Arkham
before Arkham Knight comes out Arkham
Asylum but cities that would place city
so you get to experience the open-world
okay because if you play arkham knight
after asylum you're gonna think the
open-world some kind of great change
when they had an open world in two well
that my the the thought process that i
was going through was do i do i a you
know try to catch up with the series get
a little more of Arkham Asylum get a
little obsidian before Arkham Knight so
I can be as up-to-date with it or
knowing that you are all up to date with
it come in with a fresh pair of eyes
maybe and then I can just be like
imagine in I'm just this this person who
knows nothing about the the Arkham games
and and this is my thought on Arkham
Knight which could be better which could
make for better back-and-forth
and I won't have time to place it it
fits
you know how all right shake just got a
lot harder oh great
I don't know what this means to tribes
but I love it some cities run on steel
mills others run on hookers who are you
to judge I just like the idea of a city
run on the hookers Vegas Vegas babe not
Vegas you can't you can't have hookers
in Vegas you have to go to like a city
outside of Vegas really yeah why is that
because it's not legal in the city
limits of Las Vegas you have to go up to
why what do you mean why would they
bother making it illegal in Vegas the
whole purpose of the city is to be
filled with debauchery yeah right well
that's that's just politics but it's
legal just outside of Vegas and so they
they have the people who advertise for
it in Vegas like have customs you know
like we will take you don't worry we
will get you to the hookers well Buster
there you do it to do and busts you back
it's all in one piece
it's not inside Las Vegas because Las
Vegas is a real city okay blackjack
debauchery all you can do in actual Las
Vegas is get blackout drunk lose your
life savings and go see titty shows oh
yeah did did you just uh an TV show yeah
it was appropriate nice nice
nds Marco Marco says the bus trips back
would be the saddest thing ever or or
just everybody's really happy you know
like a group of guys just had sex are
now heading back to whatever they left
in Vegas and I'm just like man I feel
pretty good about that I felt like that
was a good transaction I felt like the
amount of money I spent on those ladies
to do weird things with me it was worth
it
ah capitalism
I think I'm gonna get to the next boss
and then we're gonna call it a night
okay I think that's fine yeah I'm
shocked we've made it this long to tell
you the truth so my we had a rough night
was that a smooth night
no we had a rough start
maybe we can we can do some tests on
Wednesday before we start yeah we can
simulate somebody calling in here yeah
I'll be there but I like a no good on I
can go to the other room and in the
calling I'm a laptop and whatnot oh fuck
fuck
no way apparently I'm wrong about
prostitution the city of Las Vegas does
not ban prostitution the state of Nevada
has banned it in all it has banned it in
all of Clark County what are you talking
about
holy shit this game just got intense
Oh father why are you talking about gogo
incense I'm trying to go back in the
chat Oh bother
I'm not I'm not with you here there's a
Google Doc who's a Google Doc was a
Google Doc hold on hold on this is this
is Richard simulation of what he would
sound like with a prostitute
free Freddie very funny very funny pick
up that gun I'm not good for any of your
shenanigans don't I take enough shit on
best lowers yes yes
did you win no try again you're fit
looks like you're fighting all the boss
I am is that what that none of my bosses
but I'm fighting a ridiculous amount of
people gotcha
I'm with you it's not like we all pick
on right we all pick on each other but
everyone picks on everyone else but rich
doesn't edit the episodes and so usually
the rule is whoever's editing makes
everyone else look bad and rich never
edits the episodes and so and so it's
it's just he's left with with what what
he's left with if rich ever edits an
Amazon nano man everyone else is gonna
look like ass
but that's just how it works sometimes
yeah we are gonna do an e3 not like a
reaction video we're going to my hope is
to make it more like the viewing
segments of best of the worst we're rich
and I will watch the e3 videos together
and hopefully crack some jokes during
the presentation and that will be the
bulk of the video so not like a reaction
video just like a straight-up
us blank face but and then talk about it
for a little bit it won't be like really
last year's e3 video was a lot of
talking and not a lot of reaction this
one will be a little more reaction and a
little talking because I want it to be a
little shorter than last one so that's
what's going to happen I just cut
somebody's arm off I don't know why I
have no idea why I did that
no I think that's great
yeah it's great I don't think that stage
had a boss fight anything could just
head up insane amount of insane guys for
sure sure Wow ok well then thank you
everyone for coming out and wading
through our shit-filled sea of technical
issues we will constantly work on fixing
them and most likely never fix them
passions unless this is a boss fight
maybe it's the grand finale of the game
I don't know see that was kind of the
middle of playing goodbye Oh keep you
all we can do a goodbye a little bit
early it's probably still gonna be
goodbye ok
ok very quickly
I'm saying if this is the boss fight I'm
gonna do it sure I should careful you
cuz this looks like it might be the end
of the game I'm not sure really close
like a cheapy download game well now
he's running away this is a stage
alright now we're done okay
well then thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thanks to everyone else
or just watch just wade through
technical issues and play a little bit
of Schenck we really do appreciate it
well there's no more funny egg funnier I
can edit than when I almost ended the
stream earlier so okay okay we caught up
on me yeah we're caught up on the thanks
alright yeah we're good alright can't
find the button to turn it off is you
should turn it off then I have no jokes
oh okay
well I'll just try me just turn off
without any jokes all right off
