Episode 145
Fallout: New Vegas (Part 1)
July 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgAxQko8KTY
___________________________________________

Yeah right okay rich what oh you want
the game back rich got the game fix the
street rich you got the game off turn
off it okay
so in honor if you're up or playing a
game that's an apocalyptic wasteland oh
snap oh snap you know it's not true like
before and the game takes place at Vegas
this is just a give shit this is just
what we were playing no matter what and
I've gotten several tweets and messages
from people wanting another more
European time friendly stream so this is
what you get this is a you get Jack
drinking in the afternoon game audio is
too loud
really still that should be comically
low we'll see okay you playing for the
winning team no US air force base
who's the winning team that's a poster
though
oh okay new this will start a new game
yes boo yeah gosh I think booyakasha has
been around longer than the service but
yes by the way I wholeheartedly endorse
the Nickelodeon cartoon teen interview
Ninja Turtles I wholeheartedly endorse
the doors the first season second season
five for children five yes as someone
who has to watch a lot of children's
program I still endorse it it's still
better than a lot of what's out there
it went from something that could be
enjoyed equally by children something
we got a little monster-of-the-week it
did
oh look bebop and Rocksteady oh yeah all
right that's fair I'm not gonna defend
bebop and rocksteady nice but in honor
of rich Evans I'm not skipping the
cutscenes I do well I want to make sure
if I end up not liking this game I don't
want it to be another one of those we
didn't win you didn't pay attention and
then you're upset when you don't get it
I chant I did get Karen to watch fury
road
she didn't care for the time you know
what's you know what's ironic
yeah that's incredibly ironic funny as
decades past what had been the emergence
a little bit right beneath the flag of
the new California Republic that's
really catered to old world but she's
not me she is she a like an action movie
or in general so it probably wasn't her
thing to be I know I know I had to take
that chance
yeah seeking territory and wealth I am
to pay I'm double paying attention I can
pay attention to the TV and a Chad there
was so much available city untouched by
the warheads that had scorched the rest
of the world untouched by the war has I
heard that
then pastels thank you ami for
subscribing we really appreciate it
well than I do but across the Colorado
another society had arisen under a
different flag a vast army of slaves
oh that's a good idea
can I do when I hit the start button I
see cutscene I skip the cutscene this is
what you guys get for telling me mid
cutscene that might have been just a
trick to kids is good because that's
perfect
I don't fall for those no wait I can
turn some tiles on later
that that that dead dead dead dead dead
dead dead dead dead it Oh some titles
were Ariane want yeah that was that was
a trick
great oh fuck I guess the cutscenes just
don't have subtitles it's stupid look at
this oh here we go there's subtitles
alright so much saying for your
information yeah this is a Chernobyl
kins Kim kinsmen fYI you got shot in the
head and buried at the end of that
cutscene great thank you
answer character name Oh apparently I
entered the character name I I hit a
button god damn it my name is courier
leftover beefcake you are right I would
just make everyone watch the cutscene
again that is true that's rich yep I'm
not gonna do that
I'm I'm a little bit OCD when it comes
to that kind of stuff the cutscenes I
need to not break my narrative what I'm
playing a game yeah that narrative has
to flow goddamnit
who do I be doing I'll be a boy or girl
shit fuck you want I've been ladies you
know what I like being lady's cat Cajun
let me a kak Asian lady I will Caucasian
there we go Charlize Theron even monster
what look cuz she's got the hair okay I
wanna I want to make her all bald though
really huh really yeah just like you
just like me now okay she my girl okay
no what is it with you on old ladies
you're always old lady it again be an
old lady you're an old lady like I'm an
old lady
I think it's funny that's good is there
something we don't know hairstyle here
it is unladylike is that what I was on I
don't know there you go oh yeah shaved
you went past it by the way I know I'm
just listen I'm just looking Sarge
nice no you know I like that I'm lady if
somebody wants you to make furiosa what
if she rose that bald choosers bald
right there might have been like it's
fuzz on her head
sure yeah all right this is furiosa door
her hair was dark
that's just starting to change that's
okay yeah
mmm that seems pretty furiosa preset
brown chocolate Platinum it seems better
rich does this game how you envision the
future just tell egami
oh no there are there's still people
alive so no all right we got shot in the
head and now this guy's helping us for
some reason TG Phoenix wants us to name
her spike wow it's too late I I tried to
rename the character but apparently I
hit okay instead of renamed there we go
yeah yeah
what is this take do I want to take that
no it's just a paperweight well thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
we really appreciate it nice okay talk
to doc Mitchell oh you get a chance to
rename her later once you leave the town
oh great it was this thanatos 388
what am I trying to do here I don't know
what you're doing your stance but you're
doing your stats perception 1 to 9 1 to
1000 I get it sorry I didn't jack
what never played ok what sets no
apparently not so what I got you your
points to go I know I'm just looking at
what I got charisma intelligence well
apparently if we go sub brick the
conversations get very funny really yeah
someone told me that too via Twitter
luck we got to go high in luck oh no
shit what did you do apparently I dammit
I was cycling through them and
apparently if you kept cycling you were
just done I thought I'd cycle back
around can I go back I don't know can I
go back can I go back cut damn it I
don't even know what I chose I don't
either welcome all of our European
viewers to see me fuck around and fall
out and okay oh this is insane
to grab an object look at it and push
right stick what am i grabbing this it's
bad at your stats note I like stacked it
all in strength and nothing else you
want to restart maybe you can skip the
cutscene maybe and get back you're
fairly quick fairly quick how bad did I
do everyone how bad that I'm saying
restarts oh my god
new game
we're absolute great start they think
yeah I think we're just off to a great
start we are I think we should weary
watch the cutscene so do you if you were
me I would yeah but I mean Oh apparently
we don't get a choice this time you only
get the cutscene really this is one look
so I'm never gonna see that cutscene no
because you skipped it apparent well I I
mean I only skipped it cuz I wanted to
turn on the subtitles
oh that's obnoxious I'm gonna have to
find the save and delete it when I play
this game is what you're saying oh
that's horrible I'm sorry okay how do I
change my character's name Oh probably
with the keyboard here that's my problem
I've been trying to do it with there we
go okay what's your uh so we're gonna be
furiosa your how do you spell furiosa
prime with an i yes here why don't you
be free oh so we'll find you nice first
suit is that a furiosa right there yeah
okay great
furiosa okay we'll get you some cat ears
Oh
name's a name that's right good Springs
great come on Chernobyl uh kinsman says
use the goddamn mouse - keyboard I have
no control over what's going on nope
it's me I have no control at all take it
my first time playing this game fuck off
sometimes you just gotta make mistakes
you know
alright this is like watching your
grandfather play it game that's talking
about that
which one looks more like Charlize
that's this one this one looks like
shaggy shut up
that's good that was okay great
customized need to be more round need to
be more round faced jaw here we go
what makes you actively chatting live
yeah there we go
chin chin there we go this is looking a
little more Charlize where's your gaping
head wound if I just got it way he put
my face back together without a scar
without yeah they're pretty good they
are pretty good in the post apocalypse
they're pretty good in the post
apocalypse somebody there's a scar
option where you can put a scar on your
head that would be great that's you need
that it doesn't make any sense without
bad
it's plat suede maybe suede
that's why it's good pecan pecan Auburn
ginger
Auburn ginger honey honey honey
done Joe blank is saying you spend about
point zero zero zero zero one percent of
your time in this game looking at your
face right I just want to be furiosa
alright this time we're gonna do better
at the stats the vigor test machine okay
it is two eraser I'm gonna win okay
activate the videomatic okay so I have
five points to spend yep okay strength
will tell you how easily cowboy totes a
saddle we want one-inch strength okay
maybe two inch strength feel cuz we're
going we're gonna be furiosa right
whatever she have one arm she can't be
that strong okay well she's half as
strong as she could be in any case well
but she has a metal arm that's even
stronger so she's gonna be barrel
chested perception furiosa is not very
perceptive well I suppose she did sneak
sneak the the thing maybe I don't know
average go average okay
endurance she's got some endurance we'll
give her an extra endurance for Tom
party huh party for Tom Hardy ah nice
charisma nope she's going but she's
losing a point for charisma peevish
library Oh creepy Undertaker that's
where she's gone she is not very cares
okay okay
intelligence yes yeah she's intelligent
a smartypants okay agility knife thrower
luck she's got some luck well there with
her clunky metal arm slowing her down
you think I don't know I'll take one
back can't like I don't give a fuck
she's very lucky I'll tell you that oh
wait no I know we'll give her an extra
luck then great now we've got furiosa we
might be being played but one in
charisma Christmas useless that's what
people are saying
i-i'll o'red charisma already by a
couple points yeah they're saying one is
what they're saying mmm
you know what I'm just just saying what
was this thing what was the thing they
told us to do and I know I know
resistance I already want to creep you
Undertaker I'm okay with that I'm okay
with creepy Undertaker I would love to
get another point in luck but we can do
that later
people saying those stats are fine okay
great these stats are fine
yeah that's pretty standard score
they're great news great well we know
your vitals are good that don't mean the
bullets don't even nuttier than a bigger
horns Robin we what are you talking
about doc what do you talk about doc
ain't nutty oh you know cotton we go
through a couple questions great Jack
hates it when people talk to him in game
I do you have no idea how much I hate
that and and for some reason he's
decided to play a role playing game all
right
no there is no way that this stream
doesn't end in disaster comes to mind
know what's gonna happen - somebody's
gonna be telling Jack's very important
things there's somebody's gonna tell
Jack exactly what he needs to do just
right now I didn't through the next
section of the game I didn't hear what
he said yeah and he's gonna skip it yep
and then he's gonna spend an hour
wandering around complaining that he
doesn't know what I don't know what to
do this games terrible I don't know what
to do it's gonna happen Oh Sheldon night
sleep bandit bandit rich you're gonna be
playing in ten minutes anyway
not with a goddamn controller I'm not we
got a mouse and keyboard it's funny I'm
gonna have to like hunched over on this
coffee table to do it no bandit I don't
I don't have my wife desk or either I
don't have my good mouse with the nice
buttons mother cookie jar had human
shield come on mother oh that's the
first furious that it's regret I'm
trying to channel furious strongly
disagree I trained to might not bitching
about how I could play this game how are
you willing to play it and play it in
sang which is such a diva yeah it's true
Captain Spaulding this is that capitaine
I'm slow to embrace new ideas agree I
charged in to deal with my problems
head-on fuck yeah almost done here
what do you say you have a look at this
tell me what you see chemical reaction a
shadow in a doorframe an oozing wound
probably an oozing wound no
psychological giving it yeah but I'm
taking this as the character of furiosa
from fury road okay
she wouldn't know what a C is she's from
the Greenland she probably knows what
water is
yeah but she's from the grass you don't
know what the C is to she's too
embarrassed last one Elvis the answer to
all of these vaginas pelvis how it looks
like but yeah that looks like a pelvis
does mushroom Club I think it does l0
you're crazier than a crazy person okay
great
done
you gotta form since you're metaphoric
cool a lot of talking choose up to two
traits okay here we go
so they said Wild Wasteland let's go no
you want to trust me not for the faint
of heart now that seems like that seems
like it's it's gonna be very difficult
ooh here we go let you fire a little
slower but are 20% more accurate I like
that due to your small size you have one
agility but your limbs are more easily
crippled to Jesus if you really had good
aim curious I did have good aim you're
skilled but not experienced a game five
points good time when aiming yeah all
right so we got a trigger discipline and
now we choose one more tray let's see
what was something like mechanic right
when your health drops below 50% you
gain 10% more damage again 25 pounds
you're caring about that for Winona
well wasteland just adds the classic fun
bits to the game Wild Wasteland does not
make it harder Wild Wasteland adds a
bunch of Easter eggs Wild Wasteland is
fun
please Wild Wasteland unleashes the most
bizarre and silly elements of
post-apocalyptic America well that would
be fury road okay okay alright you know
what you got me boom Zehra trace left
done
all right I guess that about does it
because they use the word silly where we
going now mister someone's saying good
nature she tried to save those baby
factories after all yeah but she does so
because she feels a horrible amount of
guilt for awful things she's done in the
past yeah so probably not it's all right
we got we and she has good aim and we're
more wild and crazy' gaps somebody wants
you to find in refrigerator okay why
haven't you seen the movie yet how long
has it been out but not for like four
weeks you know we're reaching that point
in which spoilers be damned I will try
to keep it light but my wife but yeah
we're reaching that point where's the
spoiler threshold is over just a heads
up let's see here
don't mention it it's what I'm here for
though then again I have no idea I have
just no idea I reckon some of the other
folks at the saloon might be able to
help you out too and the metal fella
Victor who pulled you out of your grade
I'm rich tell Jack if he was going to
use the trigger discipline perk he needs
to change the attributes you tagged
earlier right now you are set up to be
an unarmed tank or melee I scroll up I
can't read the rest hardcore mode now
so don't fuck it we got out what
all right
Kota transmission some sort with a sad
jazzy undercurrent that makes your head
hurt sorry as you can tell it appears to
be an invitation to the midnight science
fiction feature at the Mojave I've in
please arrive early to catch the
trailers okay okay
coordinates that lead to the canyon
wreckage west of Prim okay
great great great my level cap has risen
by 15 already rich isn't that great mmm
that's great we're doing it are we going
to talk about Mad Max spoilers I don't
think we're going to have an in-depth
discussion of the movie no but I'm not
gonna be washing my mouth so if
something slips sorry
pretty much we will have because there's
something that I really want to talk
about there that kind of bothers me a
little bit about Mad Max but it won't be
today okay it won't be today we will try
not to but we will try not to
I have I have a 9-millimeter pistol and
no ammo great but why haven't machete
that's nice and a razor shotgun with no
ammo a thriver throwing spear no I have
ten throwing spears that's great
okay
there we go whoa it's great possible to
increase the video bitrate that's what
I'm the stream if we do that then it
might stutter a little bit more might we
might get dropped frames I mean it is
possible yes but the way that twitch
works it's not just the the bitrate
doesn't just affect how we stream out it
affects how you view and so those people
with slower internet connections will
also have a harder time viewing it okay
and so we try to find that balance
between a good-looking a good-looking
stream that everyone can watch I'm
thinking my computer could probably
handle it oh yeah your computer and the
internet here could probably handle it
but it also that would then also affect
how people get okay can you play this
game in first person
yeah oh you can switch on the fly oh but
uh you know so it's a useless but
because you're obably gonna pick one and
stick to it yeah okay I like and also
like just the way that this is it's
still first person controls you just see
them and so that's actually more
bothersome to me how old is this game
that's a good question you feel pretty
you look pretty floating in a third
person
yeah right I mean you are really floaty
that's moonwalking
all right first person it is alright
we're looking for a bar okay do we have
it is there a thing on the oh yeah there
it is our map has little markers see
that big arrow right there
yep thanks
whoo there's a solo there's the saloon
look guys I'm winning already doo doo
doo doo doo motocycles some badass
looking motorcycles I mean I'm sure you
can now right now you should be able to
do whatever you want right thanks easy
Pete great
goodbye yes we are playing on PC Jake
just jacks just got a controller thing I
don't I don't get it
I got a controller thing he's got a
controller I like controllers the feel
good
what's Jack what Jack is saying is that
he's wrong max jacket thank you sue a
jacket killer I'd steal her jacket I
think yeah me I'm sure you can't get a
jacket like that be easier to kill her
and still hers maybe oh she has he even
has a dog it's funny she met Maxine I
think so she's Cheyenne like the way you
walk like that we go when you talk all
right let's see what else is in here
play pool could I just steal everything
activate jukebox nope
what's in here I'm just gonna steal all
this stuff steal a brac so clean it but
I then if you steal stuff I think people
yell at you like oh I totally stealing
plunger somebody's saying you can do
whatever you want except go north out of
town which i think is reverse psychology
they're trying to use yes
maybe north and out of town is very fun
no no I think north and out of town
that's probably a really dangerous and
they want to end they wanted like trick
us into going there now fuck you door
I'm you know what I'm fine with that
okay okay can you save well yeah first
this this little this bit he's got to
teach me how to survive in the wild hey
bitty I want her check it's all I want
I don't think we can do that why not why
can't I take her Jagan hole right
trigger what bottles she said there are
sarsaparilla bottles so there
now what Oh God
actually use this Baptist thing that's
what I thought you do okay this
increases your actors click the Crouch
steel everything around them all blind
okay
understand game tell you what I gotta go
chase geckos away from our water supply
anyway darn critters are attracted to it
why don't you come along Thanks okay
follow me it's just down to the
southeast a short ways okay whoa there
we go I was crouching still shoot the
dog shoot the dog don't shoot the dog I
won't choose dog I'd be mean she's a dog
she was dogged Mad Max the road warrior
not loving new ones so spoiler unless we
can't spoil thirty-year old movie that's
even older than 30 years right 80 anyone
anyone anyone okay I'm not sure
I mean I'll believe you yeah 30
something year old movie do do do do do
do do do do do do do do I like your
pants
doo doo doo doo doo let's do it what are
we doing come on Lady take a sip from
your trusty volt 13 can t know what do I
need to how do I do that
apparently the Europeans are very
finicky about their bid rates because
more bitching about the bit rate yeah
yeah their bid rate snobs over there I'm
sorry we we have not they got that high
quality European Internet oh do you oh
do you where's my uh my canteen
there's there's a disadvantage to doing
things first like like our TV was a
lower standard than pal mm-hmm because
we set up our networks first and by the
time they got around to set that up in
Europe the technology was a little bit
better
sure so they had pal yeah I think the
Internet's the same way I think they're
ready that's a little bit faster we got
our high-speed line set up technology
love it better I mean the rest of the
world starts installing these things we
have great internet now but you know not
everybody does and we just want to make
sure that everyone can all right where's
my canteen oh there it is
hotkey your right button Jacklyn armor
whoa
welcome to the vault Tec assisted
targeting system change body parts great
cool whoa don't shoot the dog
don't be Jesus Christ okay I figured out
how to use that I tried to take a sip of
my canteen by the way and I got into the
VAT system oh great according to the hot
button in the menu it was right button
Oh cake pocket I'm not gonna pickpocket
what's happening no no don't shoot her
yes we want her jacket that's all we
want
stop trying to shoot her look I'm like
over here
what are you pressing what are you
whatever you're pressing don't press it
anymore okay I'm sneaking we need a new
target I'm pressing my vats button cuz I
thought we were supposed to be hunting
geckos so I'm looking for geckos I'm
hidden
ooop caution
what does the advance button right
button oh here it is hey they come so
that says we need to Oh danger okay so
let's try the headshot so you can take
the 63% shot over the 95 well alright
let's take the night if I resent it oh
oh except sorry hey Sherman Alexie what
happens sure I don't know oh oh is heads
a 95% shot oh just want to stop him from
running I kind of I kind of like the the
shooting yeah yeah but that's not you
know what I thought you might wait stop
it target body part okay target target
with the right stick choose the body
part with the last day I head right it
right in there okay ready what are you
okay know what at or so it looks like
the tour whoreson was its own health bar
when you trying to take that down to
nothing okay
if you both of them at the same time
something's telling me no how do I know
what I've selected it's probably the one
that's highlighted sure blowing ah right
and how do you do this
it's a to accept right but a isn't
highlighted do I need to like reload or
something maybe oh that's my problem
okay
I needed to reload nope not reload
how do I do this I don't know I can't
select anymore so he seems lower right
corner you have no action points left
I have no action points the thing on the
bottom right the AP how do I get action
point looks like they recharge you might
have some now oh okay thanks dollar you
did terrible I did terrible well though
that was my first time that's alright
that's is a terrible slow system just
shooting that seems like it adds a a
tactical layer to the game
that's not twitchy but you don't need to
use it I don't know
there's two more wells that still need
clearing you want you can come along
it'd be worth a few caps to me sure take
more than a couple you can shoot without
this oh great
you can shoot without vats and why have
it it's both it's both kinds of games
that's interesting yeah why not just
make another shooter why have something
that's unique and different well but but
then if you're gonna make something
that's unique and different why do I
give it that I'm going to assume a lot
of people bitch because it was unique
and different and they just wanted a
sample shooter like everything else
right like that's my my theory and I'm
sticking with it sure hey I did it I did
it I got him I got one where'd you go
where'd you go
shit I lost her sunny sunny
sunny
sunny what are you doing i glossed the
lady she was too embarrassed to be seen
with you
and she loved shit this is
post-apocalypse too happy it might be
there there can you do that's from there
probably Oh God terrible
but it's interesting sure your address
no no xxx calm has taught me anything
it's that 45% is a guaranteed this
that's what XCOM has taught me okay well
here let's get a little closer
what are we got now 81% what's 93 93 is
just the like yeah I knew this guy's a
little closer
95% okay oh god no one lady whoa maybe
you should have used that's just maybe I
should have used the van system I'm
sorry lady looter can you loot yep
bottle caps feel the hand outfit sure oh
sorry I took all your clues not sorry
not sorry
you're dead
at edge at select and accept boom nope
thank you better office job right I
totally a.m.
and this is why controllers suck no it's
fine everything's fine rich really that
didn't kill you I shot you twice in the
head that doesn't kill you so you can
get all find out where my lady is follow
your compass arrow and that should take
you to your lady lady that should take
you to your jacket lady I jump down here
you take this you can do more than one
shot with a vats by the way Oh real
quaint says thank you the real queen
that is useful information I'm assuming
you can do it until you're out of action
points ah I'm with you grandpa's
understanding Krieger 783 says you
should really be using a mouse and
keyboard for this game you know I agree
wholeheartedly wholeheartedly drag is
more comfortable with a control that's
fine we have really what needs to be
what needs to happen is I need to
remember to bring my controller I'm once
again using Rich's controller which I
don't much care for thought I might
teach you about living off the land and
making useful things for yourself
interested alright then
ask your fucking trader a job right let
me think now I know I've seen Brock
flowers growing up at the graveyard rock
flowers there being Xander brood over by
the schoolhouse cooking use a butter gun
like the shotgun you have in your
inventory yes the shotgun in which I
have no bullets for you also have one of
the Mad Max jackets and they're 200
we'll see that's no excuse for so here's
the thing if you look at our shotgun
where's our shotgun
we didn't have a shotgun dude no here it
is as you can see we have zero bullets
so I would I wouldn't I agree I would
love to use our shotgun or our
nine-millimeter which again we have zero
bullets for or our whether to ten
millimeter what you're saying you do
have bullets for it as our bullets enter
an inventory that you can reload with we
have 5.5 millimeter rounds which is four
there oh do we have these 50 oh well
then fuck man how do we do this
fuck man I switched your shotgun and we
load the shotgun I guess
okay cool just get all these loaded then
all right sturdy a caravan shotgun equip
hot key right button okay now we got a
shotgun so now I need to find Brock
flowers this way to Brock
oh wait wait I had a Mad Max jacket you
wear what you want huh lightweight metal
armor tribal rating Jarvan I'm sure
that's it right I'm not sure
nope nope
maybe shred a lightweight metal armor
wait armored vault 13 jumpsuit that nope
it kind of mad maxi but now really it's
not that same jacket no it's not I mean
it's not that jacket but I think I'm
gonna go for a tribal lightweight
leather armor know what I had oh there
you go maxi now we're rocking right I
don't need another we don't need to know
the way how we just one let me alone fun
to town huh what's that what's what
there's like the little guy know up
right look in there is that a
refrigerator people were talking about
it is a refrigerator people we're
talking about that is a refrigerator and
it's full of bones what else is in there
ah a hat yes that's an Indiana Jones
head
ah that's funny take suave gambler hat
yes Oh cuz he died in the fridge he
nuked the fridge that's really funny
yeah yeah much much for the head on
you look like hot the fuck it can't be
the right oh it's a lady's head because
I'm a lady
I want the indie hat goddamnit
that's the suave gambler hat but now it
won't let me wear cuz I'm a lady
alright flower now get me one of them
flowers dammit my head I'll fucking day
Wow
Richie's gone Richie's gone off I've
gone full Tina Turner
it's got full Tina Turner where the fuck
is this Brock flower what the fuck
indeed come on Brock flower
Oh apparently I'm going back in town
alright there a run button that would be
helpful there's a glide gracefully along
the ground button that's why I'm doing
that no matter what we we I'm assuming
this game was designed to be
first-person yes but now that we have
the Mad Max armor we're gonna see the
Mad Max armor ok ok that's fair
Oh ahh
fucking bugs somebody says you already
just always use vats just just always
always always use vats if bows arm off
ok that sounds fun just his arm well you
know either side of his legs off can you
do that right legs and left legs sure so
if we select the left legs and select
the right legs ok and then hit shit on -
I don't think I don't ok so now I need
to get my help
fuck you I'm just gonna blow you up
torso yeah your dick mantis eggs yeah
yeah I don't know what I can do with
those but I'll take him did I kill you
or just wound you he's probably dead he
died after the first shot it was just
too much for him to handle I did shoot a
mantis with a shotgun okay where's that
flora
pick eggs and ur root great Xander
romantic okay great
got we got something I'm doing it I'm
playing a game yay Pazuzu says Jack's
doing fine for a first time Thank You
papa Zuzu if that's your name I'm
getting it I'm understanding you have to
I'm sure that this is the the real
problem is it if you have any sort of
like time into any game if you're
watching someone play it for the first
time I'm sure it can be an ungodly
frustrating because you know all the
things that I'm learning right now yeah
but them this is me I'm just learning be
here with me on my journey help me help
me chat you're my only hope
honestly you're my only hope maybe I get
to go up that hill that'd be cool
always use always be using vats always
be closing doors if I were playing this
game even if I found better armor I
would stick with the Mad Max outfit I
don't care what do you shoot the fuckin
suburban you have to get close you have
to get close once your aims gonna be
shit I won't hurt just to shoot him
again I guess
sadly bugs no matter where you should
just take much all right
can you loot yeah always be looting
corpses if you could eat him huh maybe
maybe if I like shot his limbs and he
died that way I could like loot his body
a reload oh it's double-barreled oh my
god right just look like big bugs shit
oh my god that's hideous
that's great oh there oh they're fast Oh
nope
29% 442 yeah let's get a little closer
there we go oh oh hey now I keep
forgetting which trigger does what
eat yeah what do you want to do a body
or wing I mean we know whatever wing my
wings might be fun
wings microphone RI let's see what
happens
though it's called the bloater fly or is
it just a blowfly not that one that one
come on system do we do we not have any
percentages glitch that might have been
a glitch
let's try again there we go fuckin head
off
Oh apparently you take more than one
shot all right I think I think no I
think that was just that five percent I
think you just missed you think yeah no
look I got him
Oh got him right he's fucking head shit
one for the wing apparently that's the
way to go all right
mmm oh I wish it was called a bloater
fly I wouldn't I would have liked that
better instead of just a instead of just
a blown fly oh yeah a bloater fly I
never look more like a butterfly for
that to really work sure all right wing
this is very satisfying I'll say that
killing these bugs
I'm sure Oh Oh what how come he can he
was like spitting something at me
digestive fluid then I guess mark and I
loot
let me loot your corpse would you really
want anything from that disgusting bug I
want blowed fly meets apparently yeah
this is the apocalypse yes yeah that
means that means we eat what we can it
means I'm gonna starve to death is what
that means some of us won't make it as
far as the others oh my got allude all
these corpses now saving would be a good
idea celibate thank you salad baked I
get all these meat come here meat
where's your help I think it's it's HP
down there okay it doesn't regenerate
does it uh I don't believe it does okay
okay I just saved we'll see - we have a
tick missing on our health so we'll see
if if it regenerates we are looking for
some kind of flower where is it this
looks like oh here it is alright so
let's just look at the grave okay
okay okay okay take that lantern what
are we looking forward to grave I'm
hidden
maybe there's another grave here's a
grave here a zoom in there wise deal
girl girl open grave
sure oh I need a shovel ha ha do I wait
do I have a soul we have a pistol a
throwing spear razor a cleaver
a machete no shovel oh wait here's
another grave nothing nothing
oh here's a grave
jayfrenzal
yeah jayfrenzal I'm I'm sorry if I don't
get your jokes you can't all be Easter
eggs okay I mean keep out yes fine
shovel find a shovel dig grave that's
the name of the game what's over here is
you need know if I were deaf I have a
problem for the shuttle somewhere around
here oh no I don't want to travel hon
word alright here we go dude dude
