Episode 147
Fallout: New Vegas (Part 3)
July 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaW5ckXm_cc
___________________________________________

boom okay
I just basically ate all my wolf meat
and meat has worn off you fuck I I'm
diggin melee I'll tell you what I don't
want to fight you fucking ants anymore
though I'm gonna see what's up here know
these little triangles oh hey follow me
can i paul blart mall blah blah blah
Martin oh there's some dudes
oh my whoa
not friendly dudes I think I want to try
punching one of these guys really okay
is that an option
yeah I think so I think if I put this
away oh no it comes back up well that
makes sense
get this shit out of here oh my god get
oh my god
not that one that one cripple their hair
of you what kind of face you have to
neck three times should be at least
hanging off right right you're gonna die
I know I know you're definitely going
yes like no doubt nope I know you're
running towards ants I don't care I'm
running away from people a little bit to
the right and avoid the ants no there's
more ants there's ants everywhere I
think they stopped chasing you is that
true Oh nobody fight against the Freddie
guys keep running keep running don't
look back don't look back you Frank I've
run the same speed how are you not dead
because I ran away running away solves
everything okay not people are screaming
stimpak yes they're back and they're
right yeah hold on
let me just make sure I'm clear I'll
hide behind this bush and Packers down
here where you go super super stimpak do
anything use the super stim pack okay
woof should probably use my shotgun
oh that's my good business monkey is
just obsessed with the Danish LM article
I know nothing about the details of why
that's framed the way it is I don't know
I didn't frame it
I'm glad you care about how its framed
it's weird thing to care about it is
what it is what yep
why is he obsessed with the the article
I'm just you know this is the European
friendly stream and he's from that area
oh okay
maybe he's Danish I know I know Mike was
invited up there for a Film Festival
anyone
as far as why things are framed the way
they are no idea oh my god did you hit
the face hey Dad huh huh
I killed the Jackyl gang leader I'll
take all your shit probably use another
stim pack healing limbs in order to heal
a cripple em you have three choices
sleep in a bed find a doctor easiest
impact together yourself great I win did
you hurt your leg I don't know it
crippled me somehow I didn't I didn't
read what it cripples well there's a
person oh you're a gun person alright
oh you're not a gun person I'm sorry
miss lady would you want one would you
want I didn't know what's coming out
fall I'm sure all their stuff is coming
out you know I assume there's no story
continuity or maybe there is we don't
know
stimpack yeah I killed uh you know do
you want one that's this is the real
question knowing what you know so far
about what I think of this game whoo
beer is worn off oh well I don't think
we should avoid reviewing things just
because you think you might not like
them if I liked it we've been at least
have finally on the show a strong
disagreement sure assuming I did end up
liking sure that's true
that's really true by the way dirty
water I'll drink some dirty water eat
some coyote meat barrel cactus fruit
yeah I need to get lighter
there we go okay I thought it didn't I
equip like a different gun yeah oh there
we go ten millimeter that's true you
know what that's true okay sleep on
these things drop some weapons Jack
Jesus I'll just eat the meat I have like
a zillion things of meat
Jack check your status
check my status this was being sent that
one all right Hank headshot should be
fatal
I really do they should be harder to hit
sure check my status yeah that's what's
being said I don't I don't know
well I thinks I don't know game I think
someone else was coming up here great
Jack you have better weapons in your
inventory Jack you are crippled check
your status
I'm overcome reading great yeah that's
great I really like that okay
I am crippled but I used to stimpak
maybe you didn't use enough apparently
okay where's my status my stats here we
go
crippled oh my head is crippled oh my
god
I need nine stimpack to cure my cripple
miss Howe yeah oh I mean you have a
gaping a head wound I think hey there we
go I fixed it
Oh oh no just once in back oh okay great
great
I did it thank you all right now it's
good let's take care of some shit here I
got some I got some shit I got too much
shit apparently I can drop all this
stuff how do I drops of X I can drop all
this stuff we don't need to armored suit
lightweight metal armor swap gambler hat
I still overcome now fine great can I
look at all that I'm right up fuck you
arm I think I think the nature concussed
huh thank you just Scott did it
concussed
yeah but I fix that's what a crippled
head would be yeah yes I was concussed
you drop I'm off for no reason well I
don't need it oh we don't meet uh I'm
wearing this oh we've already decided
that we're wearing this thing that's for
you that's fine all right here we are on
the road again
going down the only Road I've ever known
this weapon is great this gun I really
enjoyed this gun it kills people very
nicely what's up huh okay okay
repair the items you are using with the
junk items prepare the items you are
using with the judge apparently you
don't want these things to break oh
there's a repair thing okay hold on
I got three oh my god that's great how
do I know
oh I see so like the yellow meter the
further down it goes the car key just
past was rigged to explode well then I'm
glad I did not use it okay
no but I can't repair neither of it
while I can't guess I can't speak for
Jack I think this is true need that
neither of us have played a Fallout game
before I've played a little bit of
Fallout 3 okay and got a little bored as
one would expect I don't need these
cleavers I have a hatchet fuck yeah and
a lead-pipe hit people with a pipe ah
there's no repair option the first some
of my things like my shotgun I can't
repair so you can use junk items to
repair other items why how is the Y
button that says repair for things right
well let's see what happens
choose item to repair with so why used
along with low health first sure I get
it okay so I have four 10 millimeter
pistols so I hit repair and great cool
all right I'm getting hey I'm getting it
but I only have one shotgun so I should
stop using my shotgun is the moral of
the story but my knife second king oh
sure I like the duct tape noises
Myra's finite I guess I should you would
get rid of things from your inventory
right can I just drop those cleavers I
don't need him I'm gonna head back to
that no I just dropped all of that like
armor in here I think that's what they
were saying okay it's like I dropped a
whole bunch of to fix my arm okay I'm
getting it Thank You Jett this is where
I came from sure this is giant monster
II there was that the burned man walks
rich what the burned man take it out
take it out take it out take it okay so
now get back in here I'm getting it
so my lightweight leather armor oh
there's a maintain button which sounds
very similar to fix yeah great
field hand outfit we can still drop that
I don't give a fuck about that alright
so yeah we fixed it slightly metal armor
I'm just not gonna use that but alright
great cool alright on the road again
yeah I just can't take it on the road
again I see the back lights my friend
and I'm looking to get on the road again
those are none of the words by the way
you know oh wait rich you're gonna play
this game in your own
maybe someday someday that's Sunday I
gotta play a lot of invisible ink for
the next episode then after that I got
my heart set on playing brutal doom I'm
gonna punch this thing and I still want
to make my way to the Dead Rising games
what's something we're familiar with
them the timing on things with Dead
Rising 2 I'm probably gonna try and no
death run dead rising 2 nice Oh cactus
for it and for the sake of doing a no
death run I'm probably gonna do it with
the original Dead Rising 2 rather than
off the record sure there's a movie
playing
there's a movie playing up there rich I
need to get back on the road I think
it's up there how how do you get brutal
doing working on Steam I don't need
steam that you have a computer for that
I have a computer that can do things
other than steam ah I've been playing
doom since well before there was a steam
in fact isn't it amazing how much of a
hole
steam has um PC gaming that people can't
imagine playing a piece of game without
steam right and III like valve
I like steam Oh neat it's a crashed
satellite
are you too late for the screening did
you get there just not in time
oh but I you know steam does some good
things you can get a lot of cheap games
with steam but it's it's a DRM system
yes well that's that was the idea as
they they wanted a better marketplace
for games
yeah and they wanted control over those
game they want to do they have yeah you
don't own any of the things you bought
on Steam the sound does this is true you
are leasing them yes but for many myself
included the convenience and cost of
steam is well worth not owning the games
wait until midnight right so right oh I
just missed it so yeah he'll just sit
here and wait oh Jesus Christ
sooner you can wait a really long time
because you're not sleeping sure I'm
just doing the math now so if it's 4:00
a.m. I need to go till so 6o get it's at
10 8 18 hours I'll get it to midnight
hopefully I did my math right
not even close two more hours that's
nice and modding is a pain in the ass
with non valve games depends upon what
game some games are more mod friendly
than others
okay Oh Chet is recommending not doing
it I think you've already done not doing
what I don't know what you're doing all
right
I mean I'm here it's doing something oh
okay levels 15 of us oh yeah well we
know there's a quest there that's good
what the fuck am I supposed to do they
say that's a dlc thing what the selling
no it's a thing I can do it right now I
can do it right now it just says that oh
I mean it might be from DLC though oh
okay
it just says I should be level 15 and I
don't think I'm level 15 yet I think I'm
a little three people are begging you
safe
that is probably a smart idea save
I've only saved twice okay
I've saved we're gonna go we're gonna go
to this quest then maybe this quest is
more and later on someday I'm gonna have
to believe all of those saves so I can
see the opening cutscene which is
retarded
that it's very strange what's in here
like a trailer park
that's fun no hillbillies are you here
hillbilly whose core pians whoo
scorpions quick save is f5 unfortunately
Jack is using a controller so I just
have to oh my god I have to hit a button
and then another button actually you
know what lo and behold great I just had
a five minute great I don't see anything
saving though interesting maybe a five
doesn't work that might be just like a
quick save like a first ever there
should be some kind of saving unlike the
bottom corner sure there should be an
option just talk wait wait move I don't
have to fight hey if I put my gun away
there we go oh oh that's nice oh Jesus
Christ
Wow well fuck you too sorry dude
don't worry I won't have you lashed to a
Krauss like the rest of these
degenerates it's useful that you
happened by oh okay I want you to
witness the fate of the town of nipton
to memorize every detail and then when
you move on I want you to teach everyone
you meet the lesson that kaisers Legion
Tasha especially any NCR troops you run
across we're to begin a week this the
names appear red if they are enemies
okay morale sickness their dissolution
victim serves as the perfect object
lesson so it would be kind of neat if
people are automatically hostile if you
approach them with a dot right that
would be me
served all comers so long as they paid
profligate troops powder gangers and
many of the regions such as men I think
having the controller disables the
keyboard on PC that's just compounding
stupid I'm compounding
and I announced the lottery each
clutched his tickets hoping it would set
him free he tried nothing you just give
this conversation alright dragged away
to do a check you know you want to do it
I just say it right yeah we just say do
it do it do it oh god you didn't do it
enough
Oh God run away Oh God prison where's it
I think this could do it oh come on one
more one more thing boom
Qwest failed that's great it's fun yeah
that is this fun next time I got my
shotgun out dude actually I think this
one's better find the Happy Trails
Caravan Oh bother says mediocre what
that's what that's what
immortan joe says falls off the truck
listen I don't memorize movies like that
I'm very sorry I think I'm supposed to
come down like this if I come down the
center it's earier oh look at that
hi
I just do it without the talking this
time to see if it works yes did you like
that stupid sped up footage seen at the
start of fury road
yes huh the answer is yes it sets the
tone appropriately pretty much
everything in that movie worked you've
gained karma shit get out of here get
out of here I failed the mission though
did you two do running away shit
put your gun away I'm behind you huh how
many are behind you I mean like some
just two right now I can get him yeah
take them all out
not that one running away running away
take off your sore arms cripple them
play with them like like toys this one I
just like this shoot this one I would
just like to get dead dead alright the
other one all I'll tell you it really
yeah so we're doing this oh shit
what happened did you miss I don't know
stop hitting me I'm far away from you
this one let's deal with you
- right arm shots shit he's still using
that arm right fuck him all right you
just have to die he won't he refuses I
see that about him oh wait no this guy
now if I get it if I can get another arm
shot yeah boom now you ain't stabbing no
one oh shit
I think the arrest caught up to me yep
they're shooting me great that's great
oh shit running away running away to die
you're gonna die I know but I'm running
away fuck fuck by the tree Oh
furiosa
what time are we use that you're having
fun now you're fucking around and you're
shooting at things random yeah that's
fun what time is six eleven oh my god
really yeah oh cool let's take a little
break I'm hungry
that sounds good um wait freedom
throwing break break whoa yeah where we
leave off we left off at Bunga dunk
humberto Cabbage Patch skeletonbill and
Biffle Potamus
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do what was
that last name Biffle Potamus
Biffle bottom is Thomas Biffle faux pas
Thomas that's a great name that's a
great name Biffle Potamus we'll be back
I don't know if we're gonna play more
fallout maybe cuz now I'm fucking around
and having fun or we'll play another
game but we'll be back and we'll play
for maybe an hour or so longer lose but
if we're gonna take a break I'm just
gonna eat a sandwich
