Episode 148
Dorkest Dungeon
July 10, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPeIaT19xPU
___________________________________________

your back we're all back Jax kind of
back here's what I want to say before
people start talking about Jack and
fallout something I said to rich as soon
as we cut and I wanted to make sure I
said it to y'all as well which is I can
100% understand why someone would be
into these Fallout games so much it
seemed like a very deep world and if
that's what you're into I think that's
great and I can understand why people
would like it and playing now being a
little bit older giving some time to it
I understand the VATS combat a little
better
but
don't necessarily know if it's my thing
I think it could be my leg I think if I
actually sat down and paid attention to
the story it could be my thing all right
the question is what I ever sit down and
pay attention mister I don't that's the
question I don't know Turkish Doong
Doong Doong do like it's your dog I have
too much self-respect new ass darkus did
don't have a door kissed dungeon No
no I'll accept much you'll accept porch
oh I remember I remember what that means
I don't care about Jurassic world and I
muted you
you dick house doesn't belong the game
you will arrive along the old road Oh
Kappa that's interesting day wines with
the trouble heaven sir you should tell
us that profession through the corrupted
countryside leading the only I fear to
ever more tender for some places there
is a silly I know I only got a 10 days
that's what I'm saying like but getting
that couple hours in and on its writhing
I definitely understand why people like
without madness the old road take it to
hell
but in that gaping abyss we will find
our Redemption all right great
alright to fix that volume you wait wait
things happening is this game gonna
crash and not New Vegas like everyone
said everyone thought New Vegas was
gonna crash
that might be what happened oh that's
really funny oh no they go okay so rich
yes what is this game I you've talked
about this game well I don't know much
about this game this is one of those
games people keep asking us to play yeah
that's why I know about this and dungeon
of the endless which we got gifted
recent terrible I've played this a
little bit okay
not none that's where I can start
talking about what some kind of fucking
expert okay
there's turn-based combat okay there are
dungeons to explore and there are people
to hire and your your your little guys
can die permanently okay this is a bit
like XCOM in that I'm with him oh god
damn it feel for feel for fearful sludge
boy I have not seen the admin video yet
sorry I it's on it's in I have a it
bookmarked and I will watch it I have
not watched wait they're using a mouse
yep now we are using we are using a
mouse now we are it you got you we come
as a team
it's a curse Jack it is it's a curse the
curse for you now that rich is playing
rich is using a mouse because rich
prefers using a mouse and that's fine
new Vegas is better than follow three
that's that's what I heard and and
that's why we played it and stone and
also we just someone had gifted us new
Vegas and so that's why we decided to
play it I feel like I have a better
grasp on the series now and I kind of I
kind of understand its whole thing maybe
you know maybe one 4 comes out we'll do
it we'll do it as an episode and that'll
really could it you know like that'll
force me to get into it okay so what's
the because I wasn't paying attention
that's the story okay okay I like that I
like it that you're lady playing
something that you're not super familiar
with like like months ago yeah couple
months ago
I played this once okay so the answer is
I don't yeah maybe we should give like
the original fallout it's like fallout
one into a shot I agree yeah I agree
that cares about story I do places
here's the thing I don't like it when
they talk to me but in general I do like
a game to have a story I like to know
what's happening he's a walking
contradiction I just don't want them to
tell it to me it's very complicated that
doesn't make any sense I wanna I want to
figure it out for myself
it's complicated
it's very comfy Oh
yes Tiberius Kirk I like a story but I
like it to unfold during gameplay during
play I never want to not be playing
apparently you can win the fallout by
only talking yes I like that
I think that's fun I think that's really
good
so you got a night and you got a guy
with a gun anime this is the reason I
stopped playing this is a big cheer PG
issue final attack spam spam spam spam
that's just that's just turn-based
combat this one
sure X well X comma has a has an
amusement all of eight elements to the
turn-based yeah but if he you know this
is classic turn-based yeah this is bad
hey it might just it it could be that
it's just not balanced properly or you
didn't get to the part where it's good
I like I like the character designs I
love that guy look that guy with a gun
and the sword I don't like the combat
right next time you do combat though
explain to me what you're doing right
before you click on things tell me what
you're clicking okay back up on here
you got a hairy room all right this
stuff great
great that's great mm-hmm I think the
characters you look great especially
that dis mas de moss
he looks cool town why are you returning
to town FTL is not welcome such as it is
sorry this soil and hamlet these
corrupted lands they are yours now and
like FTL you can target areas on your
enemy you wish to attack you got
disabled their engines you can disable
the shields huh
you can beam over and fight people
there's lots of options in different
ways but going about the combat in FTL
this is you find the most effective
tackling this family team up on one
enemy first you dinnertime
that's how you do it for umbrella I mean
I've been playing as the the Mantis
cruisers recently and the cruiser be you
know gives you that teleporter right
from the get-go and it's really awesome
defeat the was in the heck defeat the
wizened hack alright alright do it
age for help
i I'm not too into fighting games witchu
plague doctor lady unrelenting and a
lady oh my god is tomorrow the seam is
steam summer sale already really holy
fuck it's great
yeah the four-man teleporter of the
Mantis bishop is awesome send over your
whole party fuck him up it's the
greatest I'm having tons of fun
most will end up here covered in the
poisoned birth doctor Rico if you just
got a new credit card and the Steam sale
starts tomorrow you are very screwed I'm
sorry just remember to breathe remember
to breathe and remember about your time
you can't use a new credit card no he
just got a new credit card so it's empty
it has all of its available balance
ready to dump on to the Steam sale oh
yes so just remember pick one or two
games that's it stop at one or two games
that you will actually play think about
your time be reasonable should be great
play this once months ago I don't
remember where I'm going next this is
bad PR you only need to complete quests
for all these things I once got a thing
got it I'm going there great right
yeah
you give me one or two per day right no
if you're gonna do that just do one a
day like think about your time again
average game I want to still say is
about 20 hours think about how many
games you can play in a week how long
are these games gonna last worse these
are a start what am I missing
this shouldn't be like a hit man there's
gotta be something I'm sorry
something gonna do in town yet
apparently you need to drag party
members into the bottom slots so go back
oh okay oh so you can choose which party
okay that's not necessarily the most
intuitive but all right well I'll bring
them all then provision the cost of
preparedness like the look of our this
looks like um later who do drew Hellboy
McClung Mike Mignola yeah this looks
like my Kamenka Daniel yeah this looks a
lot like Hellboy comics this is great
okay yeah you need your hives poisonous
voices yeah what's that shovel was that
do bring a bunch
what's this shovel do breaks things
clear obstacles and break into things
you should at least have a shovel
torches are important there you go
Milwaukee has a one airport and
apparently today is a busy day
how many different wrong ass ways can
you spell Mike Mignola's name a bit many
apparently they said way too many
shovels way too many shovels
that's what Thursday
I don't know if it's true but those are
sands it's a spoon too many shovels
which you're gonna be digging and
digging and digging and what and then
you everyone else is gonna be like I
want to dig - you said there's only one
hole fine we're fine we're fine you
don't keep the items after the dungeon
really the fiends must be driven
risk/reward and what profits greater
profit margin you know I did not care
for either of the Hellboy movies for
those of you talking about the Hellboy
movies I enjoyed the comics a lot but I
did not care for the movies I think I've
talked about this before I don't I don't
think that Guillermo del Toro can direct
action well and I don't think he had the
budget for the right kind of action
sequences and that kind of not ruined
the movie for me that's not like the the
poor actions sour of the actions would
be for me I got no they told me not to
bring more shuffles I've already using
one do you only use it once an
individual purpose no you still got it
at a time
did I still haven't ia was still in
there which way you want ahead I don't
know it's all the same I guess sex 1/2
dozen of the others they say they said
things
Oh God
okay so now wait what are you doing I
don't know this there's a different
number of texts you can do okay
take aim Pizza french 75 okay finish
sandwich 80 million 85 and what does the
take aim do for chicken that has eyes
Plus for accuracy it probably you
probably do better on the next term sure
okay
okay so you have picked
yeah Pan's Labyrinth is great just won
damages everybody Pan's Labyrinth is
beautiful and that's exactly the type of
movie that he should make is is
atmosphere we're trying to damage
everybody do it nope but it's been the
wrong thing you might have taken fuck
yeah
he's the big one he's the one you got to
worry about right position is important
I guess you can only use that move when
he's in one of the first two rows of the
party
oh that's important and he can only
attack the front two guys barely just
the front one I guess some there's only
three counts than some accounts all
right they're stupid
well no it's it's positioning this this
damage is the first to kind of position
your party yeah it's almost always
better to take one guy out first rather
than just tribute
sure sure
which I guess is a chance to study
something very important so they can't
attack you but less 67% less damage it's
it's not like anything was wrong with
the action scenes in Hellboy they were
just so cheap looking you know like the
wire work was very obvious I'm trying to
I'm trying to think of like a prime
example is like when he's fighting the
monster in the subway station and he
does that thing where he's knocked back
and he like that he knocks the tiles
loose with his feet it just all looks so
corny and I missed Oh way to go it just
looks cheap and that that takes you out
of the action sequences
you know like Ron Perlman in that big
suit he can't really like swing you
can't really swing his fists and then
you know you see some of the like CG
sequences and they work a little bit
better but then they don't do a good job
kind of making them work together Jack
please say L Lavrentiy no telephone of
his grades L leverty normal time is
great I can only assume that means pants
library
um I was ok with Pacific Rim did you see
Pacific Rim right no no it's fine I you
know kind of kind of a similar problem
where I didn't think that the giant
monster battles were that impressive
but you know fine story I'm a big fan of
things like Touhou movies and kaiju
movies giant monster movies and Power
Rangers and that kind of stuff but so
you know overall I enjoyed it but I do
know it's definitely not the greatest
best ever I'm glad they're making
another one I think we should have big
action movies like that but did that
take his turn tequilas oh okay great
great
confident surgeons that's what I like to
hear damn it no I like Charlie they like
Charlie Day is a brilliant scientist ok
I'd buy that it's you know he's that's
what he is he was the nerdy scientist
and they were playing it up and I liked
that they were being can't be with it
but I also liked the big rubber puppet
suits I think those are funny that's
part of the reason why I like those old
movies is seeing the guys in the suits
to stomp over the tiny city torches
fading the current torch level greatly
affects many mechanics in the game
the darker against the harder things get
that are the rewards right-click on a
torch from inventory can boost the light
back up
Oh dunt dunt dunt dunt uh what up ah see
what happens I mean maybe we should
torch it up for now I just uh you know
we're still learning is that it's it's
okay sometimes whoa what was that
great this sucks
yeah fuck you guy crepe shot it's done I
think he maybe he's resistant to stun
because it's a skeleton was stunned
immortality clarified in a single strike
I don't know something about clarifying
a single strike or something
as the feed polls faint hope blossoms
little over-the-top kind of love it who
died just nice dodge the back three but
yeah that's wierd so that's weird
does that mean it would only hit yes the
best the back one in this case in the
back there highlighted so I can hit up
oh oh okay oh there you go
so if there was four though you don't
hit the back
this is rich playing yeah rich is
playing this one I'm being support right
now I'm just moral support come on come
on now that's kind of great it's funny I
agree
hopefully it varies enough where it
won't get repetitive as victories mount
that's a lot of shovels your food eat
food or help to start off hunger I was
sorry health and yeah yeah
just one or two can you click on your
mage lady and can she like have a
healing potion no in between
no that's nice in some RPGs your
characters can do stuff in between
battles but there's nothing that I'm
looking to pick up during the sale I'm
gonna check out the sales everyday and
if if something comes my way I'm gonna
take it right now but I don't hope
because that is you know like if if I
want a game to get it it's a trap nice
it's a torch Oh what is that
how many things you have to click on a
thing to make it work
double-click is it always double click
not sure great
no I don't know if my kid
f-five lols is asking if I'd ever show
my kids that Godzilla movie where he
dies at the end
no I don't know if they could take it
right now is the Treblemakers on my yet
my youngest one really is in love with
Godzilla right now so if we watch a
Godzilla movie where Godzilla even gets
hurt he cries but they've been really
enjoying him
I showed him godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla
the other day oh that's great great fun
this isn't follow what you missed is
Jack fucking around and fall out jack
complaining about all of the talking and
fallout but in general enjoying it and
understanding why people love it so much
I could see it being a very deep game
that people could really get into maybe
not me but I can see how the people
getting into it
no I'm not gonna show him the new
Godzilla yet I think that's red that's
like pg-13 and I heard it I heard
there's not that much Godzilla on an
ancient and I want Godzilla Godzilla
movies at the end yeah yeah okay it's on
my list of movies to see I just haven't
got around through yet
oh it has a map inside
whoopty fucking dude I will not show him
the Matthew Broderick Godzilla you stop
it Marco it is children no wait that's
her I do
how do you disarm a trap it's kind of
you it's not like what's my job now
seeing movies is not my job playing
video games is my job and I try to play
as many of them as I can
which is why I don't see that many
movies it's other people's jobs to watch
movies also as oh that's the other thing
I want to talk about I saw you guys in
the chat talking about spy spy has a
very high rating on Rotten Tomatoes
right now I've actually heard really
good things about it I've heard it's
very funny spy is the Melissa McCarthy
look at the large lady pretend or fall
down because she's a spy movie and it
looks ever like everything that's wrong
with movies but I've heard that it's
funny do you have to click it only go
forward do you have to clear the whole
dungeon I'm not sure I don't know second
time I played this game sure do you have
to walk back out
do you have to go to the deepest part of
the dungeon and then walk out no and I
don't trust it that I don't trust that
spy is a good movie and I still will not
see it because you know it looks like
everything that's wrong but I have heard
it's good I've heard good things
your objective is in the upper left next
to the seal upper left oh skirmish
complete 100% of room battles oh thank
you
thank you Adam Lich so yeah you just
need to clear the dungeon no Skellington
today you're gonna crush you with their
big
that's the thing a favor customer for
anyone who remembers seeing the previews
for 21 Jump Street it was kind of the
same thing oh here's another remake and
then you see it and is actually funny it
could be another 21 Jump Street where
it's legitimately funny it's it's it's
it's tough to believe I'll tell you that
tough to believe
oh Christ
all right now you're crushing addition
at least promises now aggression
Cecil X 1x XIX that we probably won't
ever do Godzilla movies best of the
worst oh he's got like Wolverine cause
that's awesome just because they kind of
are what they are if we can find like a
like a low-rate Godzilla movie then mate
yeah I know I know it's just it's it's
letting you know it
dick neutral you know well 20 of the
Jump Street movies made by Lord and
Miller they're written by Lord Miller
the same people who wrote lego movie
same people who wrote they've done a lot
of good stuff Philip Lord and
Christopher Miller though they wrote
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs which
is hilarious good people
everybody still alive that's good oh my
god my god Tolu he summons Cthulhu arms
or octopus arms we don't know
I don't know what the last man on earth
is apparently a TV show of some sort oh
oh they they wrote the television
version when heroes versus zero oh no
they are at death's door oh no something
else oh and also they just they just
directed the last man on earth
television show they did not write it
why but they wrote cloudy
they wrote I guess they just directed 21
Jump Street they didn't write and same
with 22 alright so there's some there's
some stuff in there where they just
directed I was thinking that more as
writers the meatball movies are so good
oh and they are they are pegged to
rights the flash movie in 2018
interesting my hands break from becoming
unwound possibly not we probably won't
ever do animated movies on best of the
worst just because part of the things we
make fun of best of the worst is
production value and it's kind of hard
to make fun of the production value of
animated movies he's no they sure drew
him poorly I think we just run out of
material so probably not as nightmarish
creatures can be filled they can be
beaten and I got dropped something right
click
I'm sure you can drop stuff gold is good
yeah shift-click on this to discard it
is how you do it
move stone yeah you don't need a fucking
yeah get out of shift-click yeah there
you go there you go you eat something to
live won't do that
we already did Oh a key that reminds me
mommy there's a mummy
there's no sarcophagus or something sure
oh it's completely is that what you
clicked on to get all your items no whoa
click the upper left leg why he wants to
click the upper one not right now I
don't know okay oh god that guy's so
fucked
oh yeah I know
Oh God can you move him back of the part
on to the back of the party like
somebody in range of Oh didn't work on
him because he's oh he's a dirty fucker
oh he sure is he's he's just so weak
that he's not doing any damage what's
the white bar at the bottom these
questions I do well I'm telling you I
don't know the answer it might be
meaningful but you don't care do yet
well I just don't care how you might
know and if you did know then you know
it'd be fun and interesting because I'd
be like what's happening and you'd be
like oh this is what's happening sanity
is now desert I think oh maybe is that
that's the what the white barter is type
II might be white bar equals madness
okay oh and maybe because it's all full
up he's a little crazy I gotta get you
now we drink
oh he just he just wants a Piedmont's of
brew man get that man a beer you gotta
calm that guy down he needs a he needs a
massage or a pedicure or some sort of
shit to calm him down
click on the top left corner of the map
and you can retreat from battle oh
there's that little white flag might be
going for it now fuck it I mean you're
already here if we lose a guy who bucket
there's always more guys alright your
guys dies that's what happens sometimes
said that in the beginning of the thing
of a game Oh No
why did you do that that might be good I
don't think the range guys can help say
that crossbows oh okay
so I'm gonna say that's a blessing in
disguise okay
oh they're crossbows do have a thing all
right never mind
haha we did miss yep
crit you critted you're late great
fucking awesome trifling bitch oh oh
brother did that let me let me check let
me check if it's here Oh bro oh brother
finding the stop is only the first test
how it must be carried home
oh I can just all right
my room all my whole we reclaim what is
ours
I didn't know I could just leave I
thought I had to go to the exit I'm
sorry Chad collected treasure alright I
think we're a little bit ahead
financially compared to what we took in
so that's fine that's fine
Wow
once our estate was the envy of this
land
fresh kegs cards and Curtin grooms
promise solace to the weary and broken
alike
okay
not allowed to gamble while in sham town
all right father I have to try and make
this man rational account oh how do you
do that oh good or the brothel good what
do you think he was talking about
drinking earlier and put him in the bar
that's a good idea
Oh mother yes all of your beers came but
apparently they came with a little note
that said they shouldn't go in the
refrigerator right away because they
needed to finish doing whatever it is
that beer does to finish may being beer
and so we just we just put them in the
refrigerator okay so we probably won't
have any tonight but yes there they're
all here they made it I'm excited and
terrified Strait oyster stout goes to
the faithful
so
look at today that was last Friday well
listen I wasn't here I'm sorry I died I
didn't get it
I just asked Jay we put him in the
fridge it's happening we're gonna drink
I'm gonna drink him Ali's I don't care
if they drink him I'm gonna drink from
this guy sucks
and there are oh yeah prone to stealing
items in town we'll only pray for stress
relief no misses the spot 1% minus 1%
crit chance oh oh ok sucks yeah it kind
of sucks can 6 yeah well you know is if
he's ooh we got right now we don't need
him who else we got
oh we got a lady with the thing on her
face who's the lady with the thing on
her face you need to lock them in to
confirm this must the rogue is not
actually at the bar yet how do you want
them in oh yeah that makes sense
ok heads up Thank You Adam which thank
you
what's happening yeah
boy stur stout that's what a lot of
these are called a plague doctor with
minus 50% disease resistant not a good
dog not a good idea
that's probably why instead of being a
doctor he fights monsters all the time
-5 accuracy minus 10% damage oh wow Wow
no he sucks well these are your starters
you know you got to build them up yeah
build them up
Oh bother I I assumed that Ulster stout
was just a fancy name if you're telling
me you made this beer with actual
oysters I get a little mortar I'm still
gonna drink it I'll tell you that but
you're making me nervous
pay to get rid of the quirks at the
asylum I don't know if it's unlocked yet
okay okay
atomic glitch by the way knows about
this game Damocles my arrest a week I
don't want to go into the next mission
with only two guys I'm sure just like in
real life bad quirks can be removed with
cash you're absolutely right bad quirks
can be ignored with cash great heroes
can be even here in the mud and rain I
don't know if we got any Michigan wine
it might have found its way into Jesse's
backpack and we might not have seen it
so the answer is maybe can I wait around
is there a way I can around until these
guys are out of their meditation or
whatever the fuck through
looking
looking yeah i'd hire more but there's
nobody to hire
there's nobody in the coach you see I
need to go on a mission no that's just
fucking great
so who do you know we have two people
you don't have four heroes available
through it more heroes recruit more
heroes we you need to recruit more pimps
and more pushers these are the things
you need to do it says they have to be
there for a week though right I don't
think I can just take them right back
out is that something I can do I mean
you can assure you will not be refunded
the cost oh fuck this you have to do a
quest
so just take two out well this is a
teachable moment teachable moment oh now
you know you didn't know before now you
know this is how it works we're
operating at a loss yep
and not in not killing it
I don't want her no no you're the healer
you stand back
yeah you'd think he'd be able to like
hire someone for just one mission you
know like maybe they're more expensive
or something croc cold
cool air
I I'm gonna go ahead and assume the
answer for rich no neither of us are
playing heroes of the storm or
hearthstone a mais Joyce him quickly
parcels that card thing yeah it's like a
clicky it's like a like a cookie clicker
oh that's gonna make people upset
telegin you're baiting me into a
conversation what do I think of vegans I
respect vegans a lot more than I respect
just vegetarians no it's fine if that's
how you feel you want to live your life
you go you go right ahead as long as you
don't talk to me about it while I'm
eating a hamburger you do you and really
if you're gonna if you're gonna be a
vegetarian it all depends on your
reasons you know like some people like
like that kind of stuff for health
reasons body reasons like that's fine
great if it's a cruelty to animals thing
then I would prefer you go full vegan
and not just vegetarian I even knew some
people like who were vegetarian except
for fish and it's like that doesn't
count then by the way then you're not a
vegetarian you know I mean then I just
have issues with the way they treat
animals yeah makes sense yeah and that
makes sense and that's what I'm saying I
respect vegans a lot more because they
go 100 percent ones no see how are they
mistreated well it's natural fish from
the sea Nanette you beat the shit out of
it until it dies yeah that's different
got a bird that lived its whole life in
a cage with 50 other birds exactly the
cage is like 1 foot by 1 foot but what
if it's like a salmon farmer then it's
the same thing where they're swimming in
their own shit and like it's all the
same shit whoa they switch positions on
their own what the fuck you're people
yeah what that's not good that's not
good at all how do they do that someone
just did it and I'm going to fire them
I gotta find out who has the randomly
switch positions perk up and I'm gonna
ruin their day yep
vegan hating is a kind of species and
I'm not I'm officially not vegan hating
they can everyone's allowed to do what
they will as long as they don't talk to
me about it I don't care that's my
official rule move vegan you B of being
in I have several vegetarian and vegan
friends and we get along just fine I eat
the meat they don't eat the meat it's
great
oh and Oh bother I love your labels Oh
bother labeled all of his beers with
like the stickers that you put on VHS
tapes okay they look fantastic I'm
really excited to drink them we are
they're getting cold now so I don't
think I'll have one tonight well I'll be
maybe I'll maybe I'll come back Sunday
did they switch positions again or did
you do
I agree with that king random kraang
random says I feel like the only people
who talk about vegetarians are internet
people goading people into taking sides
in an imaginary argument and I agree
with that that's why I like a vegan or
vegetarian you go nuts man
start with the alts beer jack that's the
100% where the enemy corn I just might
take it home I'm gonna take it home
tonight Oh bother
get in the fridge Oh Oh bother it'll be
my late-night snack getting great
do I have to send them home brewed to
get them to pronounce my name correctly
dung Atlee maybe maybe done good lead if
you know usually sending us stuff gets
us to pay a little more attention to you
why what does she have
you got
does she only have one move yeah that's
weird that's weird
all right that's her move
over it Jenny's getting close to hockey
time yeah it's it's you know what it's
not gonna be a clinching game okay I
miss the first part of the game it's a
big deal okay just a warnings everyone
yeah rich is going to watch a hockey
game tonight so we're not gonna be
streaming all night dong this were
clinching game yeah we'd be done we'd be
done art that's great that's fine
telegin you don't need to like beer
that's fine many people don't like beer
many people don't like the pace beer and
those of us who do like beer have
developed a taste we've put up with the
taste and now we like it's like with
coffee of them don't like with anything
oh that was horrible so that's fine you
don't have to like beer Oh what happened
infected by something oh just you know
they make suppositories for that now
it's really easy I have anything in my
inventory that will reduce insanity on
the fly sure
probably not I mean yeah I'm sure
there's stuff that you can get but why
oh you're mage is about to go insane
yeah
okay oh my god
well not making it through this dungeons
oh and apparently you can switch
positions now she's supposed to be best
on mothers through sluts sure I could
have just not had those act it was there
was something one left and that one
wasn't in the right position so I'm
gonna keep these positions sure this is
where I put him in the first place
okay oh yeah she's up front position up
front
yep oh yeah second light preference okay
okay great yeah I think they were just
letting you know like oh this is when
you can do it now
flying Finn overall my impressions of
New Vegas were positive a little too
talky talky for me it was a little too
talk Kentucky but I get it
it's probably not my kind of game but I
get why people are so into it it seems
like a very deep world once and it took
me the entirety of the two and a half
hours I played it to understand the
combat system but once I understood how
to use vats combat I got it
and I was having a little bit of fun
just farting around a little to
talky-talky for me so it might not be my
kind of game but overall I'm gonna I'm
gonna give it a positive feeling even
though it's not my kind of thing I think
I'm polishing your knob I'm saying I
accept that uh that we have different
tastes and it's just it's just not -
just it's not it's just that she's a
little more shooty shooty
yo guys
no I'm not gonna say fuck follow there
there are games that I will say you know
fuck this game not that game cuz I get
it
not my thing but I did get I appreciate
the craft
begone fiend
how come I didn't stick with real-life
combat because I wasn't using my
preferred controller and so my aim was a
little off and the VAT systems seem to
be working better so I use especially
for our plane thing because I've never
played any kind of shooter with a
fucking controller so just that's just a
horrible idea if you were using a mouse
though would you still use the VAT
system yes just different okay if i
watch the divergent series it's like
eating sand I didn't know that I don't
think I have you know what I've been
watching
isn't that true detective that HBO
series okay it's literally like a
detective story about some Matthew
McConaughey and Woody Harrelson are like
southern detectives in Louisiana and
they have to solve an occult crime oh
really really good it like borderline it
rides the line of pretentious every once
in a while but overall very good very
good series I'm only like five episodes
and really really digging it
Thank You dick the birthday boy I get
that reference
did not bring up toys Oh
Oh God yeah I know season 2 is coming up
that's why I wanted to get through
season 1 now cuz and then apparently
season 2 just has nothing to do with
season 1 it's just like a different
detective story which i think is great
I prefer stuff like that you get for
whipping
Krieger we're not going to late as as
rich would like to launch some sort of
game with some sort of figure skater
game I don't I don't quite know how it
works but um I don't know if there's
like an Olympic tryout today where
people figure skate but like they figure
skate with sticks and so I don't quite
get it but apparently there's some sort
of game where people skate on ice with
sticks and rich would like to watch that
game so I can only imagine you so we're
not going to late
my guess is either when this dungeon is
done or when Rich dies whichever comes
closest we'll call it an end is Telecom
one that has a very important question
know which I would like is that I think
the answer's no as well
but here's the question wait you said
who telecom telegin has okay no Phoenix
is not a Phoenix already got the answer
to that question when a Trappist forum
earlier telegin wants to know whether or
not seth macfarlane is a hack sure oh
and say i don't think he is I get I get
the Family Guy jokes over
yep time to move on I see I think he has
a style and I think he's good at his
style I don't always like his jokes but
he's got a thing and he's good at the
man should not ever be in front of a
camera I think he he does not have the
right kind of sauce yeah what does she
do like does she do anything this guy's
not in the right position for her to be
able to hit on
powerful blow become as dust a trifling
big treat but a victory nonetheless
todd mcfarlane yes he's definitely a
hack definitely a hack
100% he's a heck of a author and and are
you a businessman one shake of a
businessman you know I haven't credit
where credit is due
Touche rich Touche that man knows how to
sell some toys he was he was smart
enough in his days of Marvel to know
that he was the one making all the money
and he was smart enough to realize that
he should have been getting more yeah
that's true and it totally worked out
for him mmm-hmm that's really true rich
I'll give you that yes Todd McFarlane is
the creator of spawn the most for anyone
who doesn't know and go look up some
drawings of spawn and he'll seek like he
might be a bit of a she didn't save
yourself oh really
sometimes heroes respond to the
onslaught of stress by becoming heroic
whoa this elevated state of performance
will last until they camp or return to
town and confer stat bonuses and other
benefits Wow
so she just became awesome who's that
your monk yeah fuck yeah
keep her around hand of light
our Depot oh I thought things are gonna
get off that was really I was really
kind of a letdown right there you're you
your adventure became heroic called down
the hand of I'm so sorry that I hit you
with my hands of light there
I this can't yeah are you something yes
you just you blow huh you blow so much I
can't believe how much you've all
tape you take that take that take that
oh the take your ticket if it became
tape tape switch spots
No
I like that last skeleton he's just like
it was good over here you guys ready to
party
he looks like he is not supposed to be
with that group but it's like whoo I
guess I'm here now
gotta be in a fight can I have a knife
and now all of his like bigger burlier
friends are getting defeated he's like
Oh Kimia no I was not with them I just
showed up you know to damage that once
and now she misses well she's you know
she's so heroic that she's blindly sweet
what smart with my healer and I'm a
healer can't heal ways to turn moving
these people sure this is bullshit this
is total bullshit
rich maybe not loving darkest dungeon I
don't think I'm very deep into it no no
I wasn't going for a Canadian accent
with that last guy it was more like a
that was more like Southern California
bum you know Oh me and guys
oh geez man maybe like maybe like the
stoner yooper stoner guy from Fargo see
now it's just him left look going like
okay okay I'm gonna be real with you I
snuck into this party and I didn't want
to be here I'm just gonna back away now
okay you guys just go your way and I'll
go my way as victories mount so too will
the resistance
ah let's retreat an option from the the
whole dungeon yeah probably
our our darkest dungeon expert says make
sure you count to the rooms your
objective is to explore 90% of them and
you don't want to have to go through all
the rooms twice do enemies respond
I don't think enemies respond but I
think traps respawn
it was one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
fourteen and if I go all the way through
to the end I'm gonna miss two of them oh
Jesus I'm probably gonna go one more
room just to get some treasure and then
we're gonna retreat
okay can we retreat I don't know any
time I don't know what's uh what's that
err on the top right corner of the map
you're pretty sure there's a retreat oh
there's a little retreat there's a white
flag next to your objective way up on
top do I lose anything I've collected if
I do that my get my assumption is that
you would lose everything you collected
do I lose everything I've collected if I
do that
because I have no illusions of being
able to make 90% of this dungeons right
now am i my plague doctor is going to
die andis near insanity what do we think
you just don't get the quest reward no
okay I'm gonna go one more room I'm
gonna try and get oh but apparently
apparently you do gain some stress
that's fine okay
there are look at them yeah they're
fucked they're totally fucked you get
extra stress okay if you camp you can
heal yeah you can make camp is what
they're saying okay dives into that room
can I do that in the hallway can I do
that anywhere I assumed you could do
that anywhere where you're not fighting
right I don't know I don't know you
could probably do it here give it a shot
see what happens yeah yeah yeah well I
Mario Mario sorry about starting early
other people seem to have liked it not
an everyday thing yeah well you know we
we were talking about another earlier
stream furtive and as it turns out rich
wanted to watch some sort of Ice Capades
today and so we thought it might be a
nice day to do an earlier stream what is
it throat frozen how nice Disney's
frozen on ice yes
Disney's Marvel's Avengers frozen on ice
it's Elsa and Anna versus Ultron it is
what I'm going
hey then conga Reggie and your sis but
yeah time MacFarlane used to live right
next door to me he'd moved though a few
years ago he had a van with spawn
painted on it it was really tacky
yeah is that isn't shocking to anybody
no I'm Todd McFarlane's art that
tackiness would be involved somewhere in
fact if I ever met Todd McFarlane and he
was not wearing a leather Spawn jacket
on top of a spawn t-shirt I would be
surprised you know I don't hate him
personally I don't I just I hate his
heart yeah sorry no and I also think
he's a horrible shill
he's got a is he a shill a shill what
makes you think he's a shill isn't he
isn't he supposedly like awfully self
promoting at everything like that's
that's what I've heard about him is like
he he will stop at nothing to promote
his brand yeah that's fine but he
promotes his brand at the expense of
good taste he doesn't he doesn't -
Touche this is a man who spent like four
million dollars to buy some baseballs
right
what he spent millions of dollars to
vied remember some years ago now when
Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa were both in
the same year going to break the records
for the number yes and it was kind of
like a race cuz they both were going to
break the previous record they didn't
know which one was gonna end up having
the record at the end of the season
right I do remember this he todd
mcfarlane paid millions of dollars for
the balls that went over the whole run
title one total ball that broke that
record and then when Sammy Sosa we're
over everybody by that ball I spent
millions of dollars on this and then
like three seasons later barry bond
there records that's nice yeah shuttin
fried it
but I mean I hate his art he's horrible
both as a writer and as an artist he's a
horrible storyteller mm-hmm
like his art he draws fancy poses but
it's like the panel's don't flow it like
his action scenes are just like a weird
pose and then the next panel is a
completely unrelated different pose yes
that is an accurate description of his
kind of course I remember there was a
fight scene in spawn it was just one
panel just like an arm flying through
the panel like somebody ripped off an
arm we didn't show any action going on
between the characters nice but he draws
lots of weird lines and he's a weird
personal style on that that's what put
him ahead I guess you need something
I'll take I'll take Eric Larsen over
Todd McFarlane any day of the week
Eric lurks in the pockets guy savage
dragon right image just worth it just
for the same trick okay am i talking
about Eric Larsen for bid okay who's
there who's Eric Larsen he does a thing
called say that's the dragon with the
mohawk I think it's a film that kind of
looks like a mohawk yeah of course okay
so you fin on your head is gonna mohawk
whoo it's not hair though it isn't gonna
cut that way there's no choice in the
matter it grows there okay so what does
he do as a dragon he's a cop
obviously he's savage he's a cop that
was the that was the gimmick that was
the shtick I'm looking this up I mean I
believe you I'm still looking at a
person with green skin and super powers
of the fin and instead of like choosing
to wear a tacky costume he just his
joins the Chicago Police Department
that's exactly we're talking about
and that's Jay everybody he will kill
popular characters just like the fun
thing fun and horrible thing about the
savage dragon was that you never knew
what was going to happen from issue to
issue
hmm he was not afraid to shake up the
status quo versus his greatest strength
as a writer a disgrace beneath this
house it just too weird sure sure
sometimes he would just shake it up just
for a shake up yes a yeah gotcha I'm
with you I'm with you that's really fun
this looks great
I just got for the iPad comixology the
app which is like a digital comics
reader yeah and the prices are insanely
cheap so I've been catching up on a
whole bunch of stuff I'll add this to
the list if it's on there there was
there was an issue of the savagery no no
build-up to note it wasn't like a twenty
five part storyline just one issue he he
destroyed the earth he destroyed the
earth and it wasn't a dream it didn't
come back like the savage dragon his
adventures from that point onward in a
parallel universe a different earth but
everyone we knew and cared about for
like the last 45 years before that just
everyone dies how do you just really
want a character very much like Galactus
just just ate the earth he was fearless
he wasn't afraid to do drastic horrible
things this is very funny yeah this
sounds like a great book oh four years
for like a decade oh I still read comic
books my the issue of the comic book I
look forward to more than any other
comic book was the savage dragon for
many years that's that's quite a selling
yes quite a sales pitch apparently they
did a crossover with the ninja - yeah
great
where he wasn't afraid to do
if somebody woulda martyred a let's have
a crossover with that with the March tax
he would do it yes sir
great he had a I'm looking him up right
now what else a fan character creation
contest where you create your own
character and send him the character and
the information about the character he
won the contest he would guest our own
issues dragon burn it was Jimbo of the
mighty lobster I'm so into this and he
would he would like set up little things
that would pay off no yeah but yeah
everything was so fast-paced you could
never stop and smell the roses and the
savage dragon because it was too crazy
it was too crazy for that he wouldn't
linger on characters I'm looking I'm
looking him up right now
we all stayed you I'm just I'm just
looking up like what else what his
discography is well ever since image
he's just been doing that oh sure but
beforehand he gave Superman Aquaman yeah
Teen Titans oh he even did a a Suicide
Squad amazing spider-man Fantastic Four
guardians of the galaxy Incredible Hulk
Wow he'd done everything oh I think I
have his he did a Peter Parker
spider-man did you read any of those
yeah Peter Parker spider-man I liked a
lot of those Peter Parker spider-man
I'll give you my thoughts on the tick
the the cartoon is some of the greatest
stuff in the world the old comic book
was also great I haven't read much of
the old okay it was just a spoof
superhero comics yeah the old cartoon is
fantastic if you can find the old tick
cartoon watch all of it you will love
all of it
I'm the helping people tick it there's
just there's so much in the tick that's
just the greatest the live-action
Peter Warburton show not so much
don't don't watch that at all they tried
to do a live-action
I've never saw it very it's terrible
it's far worse than you could ever
expect how do I feel about spider Glen I
have no I know nothing about spider-gwen
other than like the visual I haven't
been I haven't set foot in a comic book
store in many years now so I like the
visual looks cool thank you all for
showing up to this earliest stream we
appreciate you stopping by hope you've
enjoyed the show yeah we do and that do
we have any new subscribers oh good call
good call
where do we leave off different artists
so the mucker a father father mucker mm
a horrible glory Kahoolawe puffs and
Joe's guy thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it we really do and
and thank you especially you know thank
you to all the new subscribers thank you
to all the old subscribers thank you to
everyone else who just came out what if
it was fun early stream we'll see you on
Sunday hopefully I'm
