Episode 313
Ba-Man: Ark Ham (the DLC)
July 19, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tchBi4Co7Iw
___________________________________________

tell me I'm still counting down Familia
fun is this just what you're doing that
you're just counting down some of them
want me to commit to the bit I mean you
have to commit to the bit okay well you
know what we sound good yeah those are
the same like good mic levels hello
everybody what's up what's up we were
streaming I'm here barely barely I'm a
fucking mess rich is in severe pain I
went to the the Black Hawks rally
downtown uh-huh and and I don't know
what the fuck that was about that I mean
I didn't do anything too strenuous I
mean there's just standing around for
some hours mm-hmm and I get home from
that and I get all kinds of pain going
them you know I've my back to my leg I I
believe it is sciatica which I had once
almost exactly one year ago yeah and
horribly Crippin crippling pain in my
leg so basically a cripple mm-hmm Oh
Jack you're gonna test this when I try
to move I scream in pain you know and
usually rich is pretty slow to move as
it is but this is he's gone he's reached
a level absurd but like a trouper we
were filming stuff he's been here he's
been working we're here streaming he's
powering through sciatica starts with an
S then it has a c s CI a TI c a yeah
it's a thing the sciatic nerve don't
diagnose I gotta see a doctor but oh god
you know something weird have you
noticed this what the controller clicks
when you do the menu you notice that
yeah listen to this when I moved to the
menu look that's the controller speaker
I find that very weird okay so we we're
here I'm gonna I want to play I wanted
to start with these the
downloadable content i pre-ordered this
by the way i pre-ordered this is the day
of release but whether the job pain is
gone and I would trade it for the leg
pad any day like oh that's right that's
right you had jaw pain before that went
away yeah or just my leg hurt so
incredibly much that I don't notice it
which is entirely possible yeah I agree
it's like every time I'm sitting down
and feels like I'm sitting down right
now by the way yeah it feels like
somebody is stabbing me in my in my in
my calf that's there and my thigh
oh god it sounds terrible it's kind of
ok right this very second I'm like I've
got like contorted so most of my weight
is going on my good butt cheek yeah we
are and we are filming this we are we
are filming us because you know we might
use some of these clips for the episode
so you'll see rich contorted relatively
normal but all my weight is going on one
but there's one of my good buttock so
basically tonight I'm gonna be half
assed about that okay these are the two
extra little stories that I got I got
the Red Hood bit for pre-ordering it
through Game Stop I don't I don't know
if the Harlequin is just like a normal
one ER or a ps4 exclusive you know like
this this has a million different
exclusively stories that also came with
the steam which I had to get a refund on
would you like to talk about your Steam
refund uh yeah I know I mean the don't
don't buy the steam release of this game
it's a piece of garbage
yeah it's a piece of steaming awful
garbage now I've been reading a lot of
complaints on like the message boards
and whatnot see my computer is like a
beast yeah I get I have I have beyond
the the recommended system specs you
have a very nice guy very nice computer
now and why people are bitching about
like like the framerate is capped at 30
and you have to go to the I
and I file to unlock higher frame rates
that's a pain in the ass and I I wish I
could bitch about that because even
though it seems to run pretty smooth the
game crashes every five to ten minutes
yeah that's the good that's the slow
memory and crashes low system memory
again fuckin eight gigabytes of memory
and the video cards got for ya there's
no way it should be saying right did you
get your refund yeah I got the refund oh
great great thank you
steam refunds don't play more than two
hours if you already have the steam
version just get your refund yeah oh
yeah apparently apparently everyone has
been getting refunds I've been seeing it
all over like gaming message boards
people like posting screenshots of their
steam refunds Lord is saying that
unlocking the frame rate causes a memory
leak I did not unlock the frame rate you
didn't mess with it I didn't mess with
anything just straight out of the box I
started playing it
five minutes later crash turn it back on
I I turned out like low resolution
textures very well with the Prabhu's
yeah ten minutes later crash that's
that's terrible
yeah that's Ted that's unacceptable yeah
I did not fuck around with modding
anything that was just the vanilla
default options in the game yeah crash
crash crash crash that's terrible
steam refunds are fantastic for this
very purpose yeah for when it when when
a big developer decides to put out a
broken game and hopefully everyone's
getting a refund and that will speak
larger than any sort of internet
bitching can do taking their money away
is what they really care about so I'm
gonna start with the Red Hood story back
Nick go for it cuz why not this is the
only reason i pre-ordered it normally I
would just pick it up day one but the
Red Hood seemed like an interesting
thing I have not touched this as you see
I'm at 0% I don't know what what Red
Hood has to do with the taint girl with
tank girl does it take
right this is a tanker okay yeah uh you
know I think it's like one of those like
what if the story oh so what if Tank
Girl met Matt Bennett the characters
from the DC Universe and she teams up
with Iron Man yeah will you play half
the game I think that's really me oh my
god
Jack's playing now so that's why I'm not
doing great red hood yeah I'm nice I
think that's his deal whoa huh why don't
you why aren't you covering at all what
I'm here look I hit the counter button
that that I'm trying I'm you shoot him
you don't jump to shoot him oh my god
more people use your color I am using my
couch
well I'm not using it very well Oh
oh my god I have a very serious problem
no you do I have a very serious problem
is I my synaptic reflexes cannot
comprehend the combat system of this
game and for anyone who's around during
the Arkham Asylum time knows I cannot
understand no I do you want me to figure
it out or do you just say yeah I want to
show you how it's done that's what I
want to do you'll just do it correctly
and I won't understand how you do it
when you see the things you press the
Express train it's hard to watch first
right I did first what two of them doing
at once you have to hit triangle twice
oh is that it yes oh
jack is not played city so he wouldn't
know that that's Newton I'll give him
that
hi ever
that's better that's much better I'm
five and you know I feel like I'm button
mashing now you know that's fine the
guys are the thing that the jump oh yes
I know that jump over the thing with the
thing in the guy I like this cuz I can
shoot people so this is exclusive to
gamestop like I couldn't buy this I you
should I mean to you maybe you can later
yeah right now that was right now you
can't or you shouldn't be able to or
else it's a total deal Oh run button I'm
here like I said it's a crossover like
you said it's is Red Hood and Ironman
and they're teaming up to fight I could
just hear you mashing
well everyone everyone on the stream get
on it too this is what everyone everyone
knows you're doing it wrong well let's
see do you see how I'm winning this time
this is I was talking about I was trying
to figure out what I was doing wrong
earlier and as I as I told the rich
I feel like mashing works better because
as you see I'm winning this time and I'm
mashing right we're last time I was
trying to take it slow I was doing the
thing rich was telling me to do and that
wasn't doing it as well so which works
better rich well my way if I if I could
play
boom yeah okay he's akiza kilig I read
hugs are killer I won because of mashing
Casper says you're you're you're not
winning Jack you're surviving I well I
did how are you supposed to do it time
yeah dude get a beat going dude yeah but
like what are you supposed to notice in
the bad guy to connote it when to press
the button blue things over his head
yeah but then something appraised the
toys yeah well you see two blue things
you press that thing twice really if
they're due to you just present three is
really shouldn't make a difference sure
but oh oh he has detective vision too
because why not okay
okay so this is really like a story
section this is just like really this is
a new skin challenge pack yeah well it
said it had a story technically it
technically has a story that's a window
yes that blue thing glass wasn't that
you can see through you know what I
thought it was I'm just dying on purpose
I thought it was one of those walls that
you break with this rich fine I don't
reach is a very helpful teacher he likes
he likes to teach people by berating
them works it doesn't work it just makes
me feel bad you know what I'm trying to
make you feel stupid
yes I thought that was one of those
things that you spray your bat goop on
and so I thought I could take out the
one guy just just just to confirm for
the chat we know who read who it is
yeah Red Hood is Robin one of the Robins
which one Jack Tim Tim no I don't know
he's the dead one who's not dead anymore
who's the second one Jason Todd okay
because Superboy punched a wall and he
came back to life
oh yeah yeah I forget that's actually
what happened huh
Superboy punched a wall Superboy in in
space time oh god it's like I'm just
gonna sit there no shit you know what oh
yeah I don't I don't believe I thought
he was gonna turn the things that I'm
seeing thought he was gonna friend away
I just don't believe them
yeah I don't think they really happened
well thank you shoot people with my guns
yeah that seems to work a lot better
let's just see if this works
does that work if I just go like this
where's the bullet goes I don't know
swimming I'll figure it out
I don't know what's going on I don't
understand I don't know what's going on
humiliates black mask by taking out its
gang Tiberius Kirk says I grew up in a
DC household but goddamn it's hard to
defend DC these days hey Marvel Marvel
just went down the same rabbit hole with
Secret Wars where who knows what the
fuck happened anymore yeah oh yeah no
they just had a huge a huge
restructuring you feel what Miles
Morales being the spider-man now I'm
okay with it
yep you know I like I like Miles is
character
you know it's hard for me to bitch about
it because I don't read the kind of
books anymore anyway right evidence not
read the books yeah I read spy red
spider man from Peter Parker sure Peter
Parker was as important as spider-man if
not arguably almost all those more so
he turns around somebody else in that
costume is it's just it's a different
character you know you don't care about
that character I don't know that
character like how long can you have one
person be spider-man with us as long as
spider-man yeah why is why does there
have to be a time limit I'm just a
spider-man has been spider-man for 60
years now 40 40 50 years now how long is
spider-man been spider-man how long is
Peter Parker príncipe 6261
okay nothing 61 so we're on 50 some
years crouch under that glass yeah just
wait oh can I do it probably it's gonna
be loud but it should be fun now get the
fuck out of there because everyone's
gonna ride it to see what blow off noise
was see if I can do it again then just
just get the fuck out there they're
gonna come on mass think I won't be
damned
doo doo doo doo
come on come one at a time nope nope
you're comes out Oh
doo doo doo doo doo
I'm doing anything over here no I mean
I'm fine with it miles is a five miles
of fine character miles is Peter Parker
you know he's basically the same
character smart kid who is guilted into
being a superhero
I enjoyed this I'm characterized
probably a fine care he's not my
spider-man right oh right and if I were
reading if I were still reading a
spider-man book I wouldn't see any need
to keep reading it because it's not my
sweater oh sure yeah which of course is
an incredible your gather I'll just beat
him up piece by nope there's nothing to
grab on whoo
you know an incredibly move point
because you're not reading spider-man
yeah yeah let's not just talk about sure
sure
oh sure anybody about Oh Stan outside
the glass that glass roof get up top
that glass roof just wait there say that
guy go to tech division sick I walk in
the room you can drop down or if you
walks in the room okay I'm with it come
on oh here comes come on come on over
you it'll be fun it'll be fun
oh there's two how here comes one stay
on the glass just stand on the glass
like right on top of the glass wait tool
wait for it wait for it
where's the first
come on come on under it okay here comes
another one
this is gonna be dumb because I'm we
need to get this guy come on come on
over here
it's like they know it's like all right
that sucked
oh that sucked I did suck you know what
that did suck let's see yeah let's see
what we can do these guys uh you know
yeah Miles Morales he's fine if he's a
newspaperman he's fine
okay all right so i don't i don't read
spider-man that often I've been reading
the Miles Morales stories just because
there is or there was rumored that the
the new Marvel spider-man was going to
be Miles Morales and it's not they found
a skinny white kid they found a skinny
white kid would you you know looks
really young which appropriate yeah yeah
I do like if ever that they're going
back to like high school Peter Parker
like actual high school not my no.21 Oh
30 year old high school yeah ha ha ha
right
not doing anything down here
can't even see yourself I know that's
horrible
it's really upsetting cuz like you're
not can you hold off hold the Crouch
button I am holding the Crouch button
really yeah this is me pressing the
crunch button oh here does nothing weird
and I don't like it
I agree then I also don't like it wanna
come over one of these greats what's
gonna happen take don't take don't run
haha too many don't stay near the grades
no you know I bet they know whose body
on the floor by a great they don't look
on the grades oh sure there's a sniper
we should take out him
Oh keep out of the grace when enemies
use thermite yeah I don't eggs are the
grain over here go see this guy
sooo I've learned a little bit more the
stealth the stealth predator stuff these
games it's the bread butter yes this is
why I want another game
they don't want bat mo madness bat mo
madness
what's bat madness will be madness Oh
Batmobile madness Oh bullshit getting
out of here I'm not I'm not very far in
the game yeah I self cuz obviously with
the steamed pork ping shit I had a
pretty big setback
Oh Eddy I didn't start playing until
late last night yeah you're a days
setback but so far 90% of the fucking
game spins that reveal Batmobile battle
Billy what we're back with enters the
Batmobile use nothing build with this
metal about bat bat bat will be a little
bit appeal I'm alright shoot drive drive
tank tank tank humper overtake shoot
drive you know a lot of that is just
intro stuff and I've gotten to the point
where I've just chosen not to use the
tank you know
I've died I could use the tank to like
move around the city but instead I just
fly just glide around the city because I
enjoy gliding I'm more than thanking you
don't you want to like darkroom city
yeah they got each other's back I know I
won't know whether one doesn't highlight
in orange I don't know that's so weird
I mean they both have guns they both
have the same guns have a different type
of henchmen well he's got a gun well go
on at the tech division do they work for
different groups once the soldier guy
that one's a
okay who's buying great who can I get oh
you're kind of you're kinda all by
yourself Oh
come on you know I bitch about
superficial nonsense chan I don't like
the back oval stuff how is that
superficial that that's a large chunk of
the gameplay oh yeah I'm not doing the
things that I want to do in a Batman
Arkham game I'm not my big tanker I'm
not bitching about the way the super low
snow and a suit does look like crap I'm
bitching about having to use the
Batmobile right agreed and I do not like
I I found the Batmobile to be incredibly
unsatisfying to use I don't know if it
goes quite that I'm it's fine I'd that's
what I'm saying I don't like using the
Batmobile okay what do we got left
oh we have three armed hostiles lives
and they're all over there okay there's
one on the floor I could probably pick
him off
there you go he's over there those two
hazardous kind of like there
close enough can you do a double-take
down keep going around the corner
double-double
get between for Twitter come think that
don't like them ah whoa
I like Red Hood because he kills people
and I think that's cool
you know in case the Joker makes sense
no he didn't see me he didn't see me you
shut up
he didn't see me at all
oh shit they're wise to your tricks jack
get down from the thing get down from
the thing hit him with the thing just
just push him yep I did I don't know why
he climbed I don't know why he climbed I
mean you do have a bad symbol on your
chest
it's bad symbol ish is it a bat symbol
it it's something what is it what is
that symbol who knows it's not reading
like a Robin it's it looks a lot like a
bat symbol and I'm saying if you're
gonna be like not Batman you might want
to have you know
okay hey it's not too late I so - that
was that was my phone that wasn't 100%
my fault I was shooting well that was
pretty cool
I'm not good at it I'm not good at it I
mean I here's the here's the most
upsetting part to me is I don't
understand how to get better help how do
I get better it's not just slowing down
because I've tried that and then I died
quicker I honestly cannot comprehend how
this combat system works this is a real
thing
there and it's only two bits to fucking
button
yeah I think that's a stylized Robin on
this back okay oh stop it
can I just shoot everybody cuz then you
have to stop and reload to shoot the
guys with the electro face I shoot the
guys when it turns red
that's what Batman taught me shoot the
guy
Oh
I apparently I don't understand what I
did I don't understand what I did or how
I did it wadn't way to get tackled I hit
the button waiting attack I hit the
fucking button that's my big problem is
like I hit button sometimes we should be
quiet for a second yeah listen sound
okay ready yeah okay I'm trying to go
slow okay I hit I hit that button twice
for a counter and it did nothing twice
right
again I hit the counter button twice you
guys are hearing end and you might not
be hearing this right because you know
like it's a little bit of like but did
you hear me hit that button splice again
you you are and that's okay I know
you're trying to be funny but it's
frustrating because it's only
frustrating because I can't understand
how to do it correctly
you know I just
ow every time every time I feel like I'm
doing better I don't know what I'm doing
it I know
booger x99 I am objectively just the
worst you guys here rich mashing that
button what mash the double tap for the
jump is that I know how did you do that
how are you doing this cuz I'm not
mashing I try not mashing and then I
died
I don't even know which button shakes
for him al - yeah well and every
channels played more Batman definitely
don't I'm doing this in severe pain yeah
no I'd like I said the worst part is I
just don't even I don't even understand
how to do it correctly that's the worst
part yeah and you know you cannot
everyone can say it's all about rid of
them and timing can I have something
more specific than that what am i timing
what am I looking for
am I looking for swings like can i oh
man you're looking at making deliberate
strengths rather than hitting the button
hoping to hit something crunch of times
yeah but like when can I hit the button
again after he swings just take a
breather and see if somebody's attacking
good first
I know yeah I figured out hand of st.
fine
you need to hit a punch button once your
last attack has hit no I can't dance
this must be also for beverage Evans is
a great dancer rich you're a great
dancer
no still gonna die yeah but you've made
it a lot farther than me
you gotta be the one
rich is a fantastic breakdancer that's
right we've all seen rich breakdance
is it triangle to do that - or what do
you press him if you like why can't I
kill me what's going wrong this fight is
going on too long I'm not doing
something I was probably supposed to be
don't let me give it another time we're
gonna try it we're gonna try being more
deliberate yeah
only press a button after you've punched
someone this is what I mean this is what
I'm concentrating focus on black mask
black mask
kitten take a bow
hip and pay attention you're shrunk
somebody attacking you if nobody's
trying to attack you then do it overhead
sure if they are trying to attack you
then do a cover oh that was me trying to
get closer to black man
wait to your attack animation is not
good neither you try hitting again right
that's what I'm doing I'm working on it
anytime you see that the blue thing of
pain right stop whatever you're doing to
cover powder or jump over them or
something but you're gonna take hit that
you don't deal with that do I need to
press an attack button after I hit the
counter button
I mean you're countering as much
probably more than you actually just
flat-out regular attack
sure okay okay you're getting better
you're getting better at Batman also
like I feel like I'm hitting black mask
a lot I didn't see that that was my
father okay I knew I knew I think I
think so I think so I think you know
what I might have just needed a little
rich Evans tough one yeah all right you
guys take turns you gotta take turns
we'll take turns
use your takedowns what a takedown I
don't I think they might have taken them
takedowns out of this yeah I tried to
take down in the regular game but just
like you can grab an enemy's weapon like
he ripped a bat out of somebody's hands
and you started using a bat buddy yeah
he didn't do the leg break move I don't
know if it's something I can unlock
later there there are unlockables well
you know young like my moves
you did just get your ass but yeah I did
I I absolutely got my ass bashed but I
felt like I did better also but it's
like read their black hood seems to have
a ridiculous health bar you know
triangles triangle though that's what
they're saying is how you do stuff whoa
Batman uses a special bat bat you're
right now
oh no roof hasn't gotten to that point
yet about what suit - uh - where I had
the restart of the game last night
yeah because of the poor steam version
rich had to restart the game so he
hasn't gotten to the point where where
you can choose your bat suit if you want
you can wear the other Man suit
what am i what am i doing this our two
triangle thing they haven't had their
slugger
maybe we haven't unlocked it don't
listen the Bellas are jet beat up that
black hood whoa okay okay whoa
look you shot the wrong guy
haha
dodge bullet
yep
and three markup yeah you got a got a
concentrate on that black there dude
that's got to be it it's weird that this
exclusive downloadable content seems to
be lacking it seems to be
oversimplifying
oh there's a black massive health bar I
didn't notice that it's an upper right
corner oh we have the be on everything
is blocked yeah Dan everything goes away
after a little bit and I think you can
all actually you only take his house
where when you shoot him yeah you only
think it's helpful right this is what we
haven't been noticing
kill them do it press X to kill
Oh boom boom oh that was it that was it
exclusive content for the makers of
content counted with exclusivity to
challenge an absent Penryn that story
content because they added a cutscene in
between the challenge mix I am full a
burg a stood that was it that was no
Shack at all to anybody look I thought
it would be short I mean like obviously
it was gonna be shorter than the actual
game that's a known thing it's just crap
I was I was expecting though maybe 20
minutes how long have we been going
normally about 20 minutes maybe I mean I
was expecting you know when I was I was
actually expecting maybe a couple hours
oh god I was expecting a couple hours
Jack you know this is a scam as much as
I get the hood it's how hard it how hard
would it be to give us a couple more
levels I know it's a scam I don't like
that are two in the combat no that sucks
what oh it's a battering people or to
shoot him in this one yeah part of it
it's part of it now you know that man
you don't use it too much you I feel
like you're use any more of these
niceties goodness yeah that it is
appalling to me that this that that's
how long this exclusive codes every
worship yet to pay so sure oh yeah no
and literally this is this game released
Tuesday night at 11 p.m. in Milwaukee
and I went to gamestop at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday and said hey can i preorder now
to get the Red Hook back and I said sure
that's it and then I came back the next
day to buy the game you know so I'm not
I would anything I didn't expect a
little bit more than that
that was three stages
remember hitting him does nothing you
have to shoot blanket no no dungeon
master blaster we didn't pay for this
this was just for pre-ordering so I did
technically pre-order the game even
though I
I pray ordered it the same day it came
out thinking I'd get a little more
content out of this then three days I
mean it it took twenty minutes only
because I took that one predator stage
so slowly yeah yeah excellence do the
Harley one shit fuck
Color Me disappointed maybe Harley their
same three stages is this horse in four
take four maybe five
this one was advertised more yeah Harley
is the Buddha say let me say six you get
three fighting ones and three stuff no
no three fighting into stealth we just
fine all there for a few more hours
before she gets transferred the black
yeah she doesn't tear down the blood
Haven Police Department first
oh sure making a car section in a van
oh so there's things we need to work on
these cops quips hey out of jail sound
that's you know shibam okay I'll think
shibam oh how did you get the bat out
concentrating sure okay that's where
Cape slum
oh okay oh that's fun
future future Jay the Red Hood and
Harley Quinn were were bonus content DLC
oh they really did a lot of work on her
facial animation there yeah Wow hold on
that she is a robot and I am robot
Harley Quinn do you get detective mode
yep
it's cute it's creepy oh all right yeah
that's fine that's fine I'm not gonna do
Harley's voice this I like this Harley's
voice so having psychosis mode I look
three little piggies that's funny
this definitely looks a little more
thought-out than the Red Hood section
this is a little more Batman II
oh I gotta press the button which one is
that I can't see L 3 L 3 is that the
Penguins voice yeah really
how play setting it works what place
idiot works for me I liked I liked I
loved the version of the penguin oh yeah
I mean I've only seen him I haven't
heard Arkham games just by far my
favorite version oh okay good I'll
believe you I don't like the voice right
now no it's great the disembodied voice
I'm not a big fan oh but I think you
know what in general I'm not a big kind
of cockney I don't like I don't like
cockney oh no you weren't paying
attention what we tired look for I don't
know we're talking about stuff come on
what's in the box
we're going to take division that'll
tell you oh you can r1 Jack I'm gonna
flip your thing you're gonna do what
controls oh sure go ahead Jules we're
not here game options
hey go that's right you've been you've
been at non-inverting I don't I don't
like cockney or cock truth
I'm sitting there's a
gadget that we could make through this
wall don't use another jack-in-the-box
oh yeah that seem to blow up guess
what's snare trap use the
jack-in-the-box I'd say we have the
volume down I can't tell if that's her
original voice yeah that sounds like it
it just sounds like the voice actress
has you know hey give it it's not as
it's not as bubbly as an animated series
currently I know in the last game of oh
was it yeah I don't know maybe
collecting data I don't know where you
can get a song a copy of the song my
love is in love we're working on it
we're working on a standalone release my
lovers in love oh okay a predator
section that's a lot of dudes 12 little
piggies
Oh
she doesn't have a side one take
I like that this is almost this is
madness sale 7 l 1 l 7 whoa whoa what is
this
oh this is like this is like amped up
moaning oh so you don't even get a
predator section you get you get a
destroyer well that's kind of cute
I guess Harley's not a sneaky one yeah
it makes sense
in city origins and this it's Tara
Strong so apparently in cities origin in
this it's all the same person so I don't
know if that's different Harley you can
dodge the bullets
yep
whoa probably gonna do our lean this
Sorkin was the original who also we did
a Asylum so this is not the original
sound sounds fairly like a like a
reasonable facsimile yeah Thank You
captain epic for the info on the
original voice actors the original V
though the animated series Harley was
great yeah so so far without revealing
too much of the Batman game so far I
actually feel pretty like I have no
strong feelings towards Batman Arkham
Knight so far I'm I'm only I'm gonna say
I'm maybe three four hours into the game
yeah so I'm not very far I'm you know
I'm into the story of it or I'm I'm far
enough where I understand the story I
understand two going on I'm into the
second part of the city now I'm in the
I'm in a big saying I'm not gonna say
anything good rich isn't very far so I
might as well anything for rich but I'm
pretty far and like so far I just kind
of feel like okay about it you know it's
not blowing my mind and it's not pissing
me off which I know you know is gonna
ignite some sort of passionate chat
response
how do I like the reveal of the Joker
died in the last game you know I you
know I heard that we saw that at e3 yeah
and has spoiled kind of spoiled which is
fine you know and yeah
sounds like Jack hates Batman right here
today and Fubon of course no I
so far it's fine it's all been very fine
obviously I'm having a hard time with
the combat there's so much Batmobile it
doesn't feel like a Batman game that's
part of my problem is I really dislike
that Batmobile all of the tank sections
it's not even horrible gameplay it just
feels nothing like Batman yeah but even
like even the gameplay it's not Horton
none of it is horrible gameplay but it's
like none of it stands out to me yet
except for you know I've done a couple
of these great arena predator sections
look speaking of predator like that's
what she's doing oh my god that was
great fuckin fuckin lopped his head off
with a baseball bat
fucking duh Harley Quinn's on the move
okay ma'am double loud takedown more
guys hate more dudes here to here phone
first folks rich needs more dudes yep
not exactly ghosting this one I don't I
don't think you can intersections they
should make an actual predator game like
this that would be fun it would be fun
to have a predator game where you know
you have to hunt military dudes and
fight them like this that'd be neat and
you could click noise to freak them out
I know so fight like well you know what
I've been really enjoying about arcanite
I haven't I've been talking to rich
about this is is gliding around the city
I choose not to use the Batmobile and I
just I grapple hook and glide around the
city and I love it I think that's so
neat oh my God look at her dead face
they spent so much time they spent so
much time at her tents they forgot she's
got a good face but now look at her move
the the glistening the lighting effects
on her tits right in masculine yet they
can't get her face to move beyond her
mouth come on come on what is that oh
okay that was bad no
anything interesting going on down there
champ no yeah people are saying they
like the gliding too it feels very
freeing it does it feels nice and then
you know when you get your new bat suit
you get like the the super grapple that
like just fucking rockets you under the
SAG I remember the grappling - Marc City
Maggie gets drive tank
Batman drives a tank with cannons and
guns and if those of cars if those of
cars people and then with absolutely no
regard for human life
that's he crashes into moving cars you
can actually plow into a speeding police
car you can you can you can man destroy
it that's it's the first thing I think
but I think a Batman is tank combat
forever remember that old issue of
Detective Comics where the Gray Ghost
got run over by Batman's fucking tank
yeah the tail the tank combat feels
dissonant it feels like an afterthought
what it feels like is well we need to
make another Batman game and we need to
escalate it because it's another sequel
ah okay okay here's my idea it's a
bigger city and he's got a tank like
that's all there is no there was no
thought beyond that how often in the
comics even in a in the TV shows sure
does Batman use the Batmobile for
anything other than from getting to a
point a and point B may be using some
crime analyzing equipment in but how
often does he shoot things with it the
Batmobile how often or even car chases
that's a good course is not something
that as I would ever associate with a
Batman yeah and one of the cool things
about city was it made you feel like
Batman I no longer feel like Batman
all right I do like it better that
Harley is like taunting everyone you
know it's a bit more to this than there
is the the Red Hood yeah yeah this seems
like they put a little more thought into
it I think you're already on your third
level yeah Burton's Batmobile bombed at
the chemical factory and murdered one
one we got one it's it never happens it
just rarely am I just saying I would
never make up a highlight the focal
point of a Batman game no and yes that
core the idea of being the Batman looks
like even just riding around the city
and I know they go to great pains to be
like the only people left in these city
are assholes like if you hit someone
that's fine they're all jerks and
muggers and shit right but like even
just driving from point A to point B in
the Batmobile you're running through
buildings you're knocking over a shit
your Batmobile can't die there's car
chases going on all over the place
you're knocking you're hitting people
waitin waitin at high speeds
yes so even even getting from point A to
point B in the Batmobile I don't like
because I don't like how the Batmobile
moves anytime you have to turn into a
tank you have to turn into a tank a
fucking lot what's that big boy one say
what the big boy one
Oh mr. J would be proud was she talking
to herself
she's talking to her same self oh yeah I
mean the voice of her lead Harleen
Quinzel boy beats congratulations on
baby
prepare for periods I self for a lack of
any sort of free time it's great is the
game good it's kind of I don't know I'm
we're not I have next to no time in it
yet yeah
we're not super much saying it's
unenjoyable I'm just saying I no longer
feel like the Batman yeah once once you
ditch the tank what I feel like Iron Man
and Tank Girl
yeah exactly but like I said I I've
found it far more enjoyable I just leave
the tank there are some missions that
require the tanker now obviously to
enjoy it I might do that but the game is
built around the Batmobile and we're
hearing the game I feel like I should be
using the Batmobile because that's
clearly what they intend for you to do
yeah they want they want you to drive
around in the Batmobile so I'm gonna
make myself use it to get used to it
yeah but at some point I'll probably
start whiting yeah it's great
gliding is great I have been having a
really fuck am i doing here jack oh I
don't know help me out I've been paying
attention
Jack was Chauncey can't you jump up can
you jump up
jump can you like look up and there's
nothing like no there's no proper one
you from are you pressing our one just
in case press r1 and l1 and no I'm
kissing ah can you do anything with the
door yep
can do anything with that thing on the
floor there's a thing on the floor like
that thing nothing nothing oh well if
that not your bomb see if that works but
I can you slide that thing opener can
you and you obviously can't press the
elevator button I just put it I put
another bomb on okay okay another bomb
let's see what happens okay video yeah
you're right your video games have come
a long way since the police quest or can
you put it by the door maybe put a bomb
by the door it should have the little
breakable thing I know but it doesn't it
doesn't but just in case no okay
mr. J would be proud hmm
anybody have any ideas here can you
interact with the mr. J graffiti no no
you can that was a that was a good idea
though that was a good idea this
elevator is the real boss ha ha ha use a
different gadget yeah what's it what's
the other gadget to snare trap throw
those up to see if anything happens
Thank You Arthur J Hawk today's looking
it up
you don't want to know where she's
keeping all those bombs it's gross
like I guess use the laughing gas cuz
why not
so Oh
avianna is saying that you can use our
one to get up maybe you're just not in
that exact right position to get the
prompt I'm not doing nothing hitting our
one constant oh sure no but like look up
I and like maybe you have to be in a oh
oh there's no can you I mean it might be
a glitch
I'm sorry glitch you should try to yeah
just like hug the wall and see if you
can find that okay throw the bombs that
would be great I don't think you can no
I think you yeah they just drop them hey
guess what we found everybody game
ending glitch my game ending glitch
let's hope our last save is that a
reasonable location this chat saying
you're supposed to just jump up there
that's what they're saying right all
right the gamebreaking glitch oh that
means it's my turn
restart does that restart the level
before you start yeah can this poor
crippled man ask you for a big big favor
oh my god this poor poor crippled man oh
my god a dear and grab me a soda from
the fridge oh dear would you be a dear
you know what I almost don't want to
because you asked me to be a dear and I
thought that what give me a cool guy
there we go
an awesome cool super friend and grab me
a soda
yeah this sucks this sucks
I will be a dear thank you I will be a
dear for you on much appreciate doe a
deer a female deer hey you want to
restart yep ok so the lesson here is if
you are going to make some sort of
content to exclusively sell a pre-order
copy or a ps4 copy or a Gamestop copy
you might want to make that thing worth
it oh oh that's right you inverted yes
that was that's bullshit what the no the
just the power glitch the bugs and the
and the one that is been just trying to
use the fucking PC version sure and not
as bad as having it be only three levels
long get over there Harley use elevator
bunk
she looks so dead she is dead The
Adventures of course girl look at her
look at her dead face nope yep yep
that's it just just a glitch that's
fucked
do-do-do-do-do that's so fucked whatever
it's not a huge setback it's annoying
but it's very annoying kill the game but
you know it's what it is is that it's
that mixed with the three levels of the
Red Hood you know that sure I'm just
gonna say yes
nope yep I sure Ken she shouldn't be
able to but nope
like Batman has the Cape that stops
speaking of dead Harley's dead phase I
need Insano vision oh dear God I'm alone
oh-oh-oh Harley
Oh another one at ease oh that's
different
Oh plant aggravate plant Jack waive all
three wait
that's fun that is fun all right where
are all these guys oh there's a couple
doo-doo-doo-doo all my plants well
apparently I'm down here now
doo-doo-doo-doo
well you turned the corner like
expecting the seed sure did something
right and instead he just gets shocked
get the great get the great huh one
behind you whoa what are you doing I
don't know dude get in the great
I got the great oh look like you got
eaten yep see comas being dead or alive
uh
probably dead I'm gonna splits assume
dead
peace peace peace out bitches
Harlequin Jack the proper terminology is
mismatched he's out biznatch
yester you mayhem mode find the guys
first then go to man look that's what I
learned from her Jones is there an
explanation why she can seek your walls
what's called psychosis vision so I
think she's just crazy yeah and think
she can see through walls and it just so
happens just so happens she's been right
every single time so far oh here we go
they're all lining up for me
I like mayhem boat well sure
wh-where's up kill them all come on Ryan
Jolyon what oh ho ho
yep Oh
ah
can I throw laughing gasps yep
uh-huh
do you get infinite of those too yeah
but that guy's just looking at a while
we have to kill him she knows I'm stuck
on the wall what a position is he like
Hackman the wall yeah we're gonna keep
him in there yeah his last oh no he is
last his yep one little piggy left look
up look up now did you look everywhere
yeah one little piggy turn around
oh one little piggy little piggy well
that's neat I like that little piggies
I get what that means now yeah so I got
him out of the wall
ha ha ha hey speaking of poorly thrown
together content Oh her eyes moved what
her eyes move her eyes moved
did she blink yeah just for a second she
blinked and looked a different way it
was weird
Wow didn't do well that's some minimal
effort get out of there
get come on Harley move
move your patootie
oh yes okay at what point are they going
to tease the Joker being wife and will
they go so far as to have him be alive
I'm not gonna spoil it so they're
already season 2 his life I'm not if
they're doing it early then he's
certainly dead because that would be a
twist oh whoa whoa it's not a spoiler
because I just
well no it's obvious they're going to
try and tease that whether or not it's
going to come to pass
Oh whoo you got it jump over them and
attack them from behind yeah
oh wait no you have to do the shield -
thing with them I'm sorry it's been a
while
whoo get out of the way okay
I forget how to do this there's some
kind of dodged over them and and and and
attack button really jump over them and
then hit the hit the attack button
forgot how to do it Jack I'm sorry
anybody can anybody help me out how do
you open this remover oh oh oh I just
did like a super combo somehow how did I
do that I don't I just don't remember
oh oh oh shit now I got a No okay okay
okay oh you got fight Nightwing
yeah oh that's great oh why didn't you
keep attacking them head-on
cuz I'm dumb I got confused
get out of here
oh you can't hit him from behind either
looks like well maybe you got let's
simply give us holy dumb dick yeah I got
a swing over and then do this shield
bash and then you can beat the shit out
of with a baseball bat you know what
Nightwing really should be able to just
kick her ass yeah I like Harley Quinn
but she's just a nutty woman she doesn't
be an insanely amazing fighter well you
know she she oh I haven't seen one you
know like it's one of those things worse
like oh yeah I guess she's an acrobat
you know like so what does she have
Acrobat training I mean no she's a
former doctor yes no that's that's comic
books okay
get out of here getting out of here all
I want to do is hit menu yes I know Dick
Grayson is also an acrobat but he's an
acrobat who was trained by the young age
by Batman Oh immigration those had a
kick ass but also like it was that he
was an acrobat is the lady actually was
an acrobat ray Harley Quinn was a
psychiatrist you know that's her whole
stick stick it's just being the goofy
sidekick right I just kicked your ass
Nightwing I guess IVs out now look I
can't even go in the cage bonus
IV no I think she's plant remember we
saw that wait her vision might not show
bones I didn't have wasn't paying enough
attention maybe oh sure now remember in
in Arkham Asylum I did x-ray vision on
IV in it always showed it was her hair
oh that's it no I think bones did it you
think enough plate face plate faces is
the one with no bones no I wish I had no
bones - we have to be wrong we can
always check back well that was that one
that's done slightly longer yeah I think
you called it I think that was five
congratulations rich yourself and three
fighting um all right so now I guess
we'll take a little break we'll take a
little bit of a break just for a nice
clean cut and play some of the regular
game and play some of the regular game
you you just want to start fresh do you
not get the Scarecrow sections
I have five scarecrow sections in the a
that's in the AR challenge for some
reason okay where is it well what do you
want duel to get back no just play
anyway guys just the regular game-mode
game where are the Scarecrow sections
out here there Scarecrow nightmare one
yeah you're on do I mean you are come
back you don't care well I think there's
only the one on lock so sure why bother
haha I mean we could do that how long
have we been going what time is it
I don't been gone everybody it's 8:30 so
we've been going for a couple hours
already
