Episode 157
Ba-Man: Ark Ham (The Game)
July 20, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4tDMjR1h4o
___________________________________________

Taco Fox this is this bet but we're
playing well we're playing Arkham Knight
and these that those were the bonus
missions that we got sorry you know what
all in all we got a couple extra hours
yeah out of those bonuses yeah and we
got for free they were free they're free
they can't bitch about that no do you
want what a charge for shit like that
challenge them if I paid any money for
either of those I've been pissed any
amount of money
any luck for both for one a book for a
buck for the Harley missions that might
be they might be worth a buck I all
right
you know I buck a buck for Red Hood no
yeah no yeah Red Hood has to be free
because it was three it was three levels
you all start a new game I don't care
where do you want do you want me to keep
well no I can't keep playing because
spoilers spoilers well we'll start a new
game
I turned my hints off do you want your
hands on all right Richtofen
rich is playing you no longer have to
deal with this asshole well do you want
to take a break or just keep going what
don't take a break you just want to keep
going oh that was just for me later when
I'm when I'm turning these into YouTube
videos oh alright sorry I do you I mean
do you want to take a commission okay
great let's keep going that was for me
when I can make these into one our
YouTube videos sometimes they don't
exactly equal an hour so I'm just a poor
cripple you're just a poor cripple who
likes guys look at this contorted
position I'm in a I'm not in any pain I
see them I see that
I guess the songs weren't stuck in my
head because of this your I I did I do
have the classic 1960s Batman costume
unlocked yes
but I don't think we should plan is that
because that's kind of weird it it's
kind of weird
rich got hurt at the at the hockey
celebration I didn't I just walked
around for day and when I got home
crippling pain in my legs and lower back
yeah I undeciphered seen a doctor I
think it's a Attica my dad's had it
before and it's a excruciating pain yeah
excruciating so rich is working through
the pain we should all appreciate but
hey here's another rule moment ruined by
a button problem when you don't know
there's even supposed to be a button
prom you can't do this in a cutscene
well I get a cutscene you know they
would know right when to do it for
effect
yeah now you know like like I'm play
this the first time I'm waiting okay
yeah and and and and then like after a
minute bet there you go yeah bottom
right corner it pops up oh that ruins at
MoMA in the moment like they could have
done it to time with the music perfectly
and you have to hold the ball now yep I
took my finger off the button no I took
my finger I like that was this is there
a friend you're ruining it hey don't be
an asshole cremator rich just finish the
jab you can't finish the jab you're
ruining it oh no oh oh I couldn't keep
it up thumbs it what up guys we ran out
of propane governor go to the propane
store shit hold on up here behind
straight across the street okay I'll get
back up to around me okay wait we did a
pilot light
there we go has a great big all I know
it worked because it's rumbling oh I
like the rumbling wait a role in an
artistic moment yet button drop nonsense
is how it happened this is how the
Batman died that's another way to roll
in an artistic moment by having that
cheesy little line of dialogue with that
voice here's how it happened sounds like
a cowboy right cowboy story well here's
the tale of the lonesome cowboy boom
boom boom boom boom boom
that laughs they're not laughing hurts
this is fun clean
there's nothing artistic about anything
here but they think they are starting is
starting this story with Joker dying and
saying that Batman's gonna die ooh they
thought this was deep starting with that
and then there's almost no chance he
dies all right they're gonna pull out
their polarizers
Dark Knight Rises yeah if at the end of
this game Batman you know I'm more fine
with that then they actually killing
Batman off cuz that's that's my major
pet peeve dying is the only artistic way
to end a story no it's not you don't
have to kill your protagonist and a
series no Megan ride off into the sunset
and that's okay thanks look at her face
compared to Harley's by the way I like
her she's got character she's moving no
she's animos harley was slapped together
for DLC yeah this is all I'm saying is
they had they have the capabilities I'm
guessing Harley's not even in the main
game because they would have spent more
time in her face absol yeah no they and
they've mentioned a few times like that
Harley's Harley's missing
and I can look around yep I'm random cop
what's that honest
what's that pen I'm not sure I've got
that pen or something oh sure Edward and
Henry Adams right did we ever look up
who Henry how I do not I'm gonna look
that up right now that missing poster is
some sort of Easter egg I'm sure and I
cannot see you spinner what hey okay hey
you feel my boner do you feel my boner
it's my boner rubbing it I'm rubbing it
on your lower back
you can't do nothing cuz I'm a cop it's
through my pants so it's not rape
Henry Adams Batman Batman huh oh I think
I said he was Batman like that that
can't be right
oh that's who it is okay who is it huh
was it you don't know yet spoilers
spoilers how far are you into the game
like an hour don't you know oh no I'm
like four or five all right all right
I'm like four or five I I'm not I don't
want to spoil it for it cuz I know you
like your stories I know rich likes his
stories Oh
oh my god you're shooting everyone Oh
God kill everyone
Oh No could you not kill him hey no
wonder I like how hard you can make it
I didn't shoot anyone during that fire
good questions and I'm not willing to go
through all that again just to find out
I shot as many people as I could knowing
I was under the serum yeah and I knew I
was under the serum so I knew I didn't
shoot anyone
also something that I'm tired of is the
the glitch effect when someone hacks
into a channel yep I'm gonna go ahead
and assume that if someone has the
ability to hack into a channel it's not
like in little glitchy bits it's gonna
be one solid video chunk i've never hack
a video feed before so I'm not an expert
on this here's half of it I'm not a
hacker but I'm gonna assume that it's
like it's either an on or off of things
3 if you hack it you hack the whole
thing right lonesome cowboy goes into
Gotham Jana talk to you about a new
sheriff in town
his name's a baton to you what'd you get
Batman saying that would have been
better well you can't do that anything
talking he's dead he he doesn't exactly
how they did it an American Beauty oh
sure
what if this is Batman not enough good
people left oh stop
what is it Watergate a voice change
appellation what if this is Batman as an
old man yeah uh-huh
think about it oh no think about it no
could you think about it I did that's
terrible ha ha ha though that's gonna be
enough yeah that's gonna be it just 24
hours for us to lose control
I'm not horrible at storytelling in
these games tonight though this is my
least favorite opening a line on pretty
much all of this save us all the premise
doesn't hook me the way it did in city
say you had a great opening yeah
what's the opening of city that's where
you start off as Bruce Wayne he gets
arrested by the police and he gets
handcuffed and he starts off first part
of the game as Bruce Wayne in handcuffs
and shackles legs and arms yes that's
fun
asylums got that great bit where you
just walk Joker to the through the
asylum
story happens around you characters
stuff happens around you so you mean
you're playing the game like right away
and this you you start off well you're
kind of still playing the game of this
but you're just random cop guy yeah I
don't care about that's not look at how
much fun that is ah that's so cool and
you get a better grapple thing huh oh
yeah oh you like with your with your
other grapple boost you just rock it off
of things when you get your other when
you get your robot suit when you train a
tire money so not looking for turning an
iron I think you can like still use your
old suit but still have the iron so I
gotta go you can stay sure I don't know
that I saw someone in the chat maybe the
best thing I can put on this system yeah
this one I don't read Justice League
3000 Souter the sixties Batman and it
was suit patek man yeah we don't
Scarecrow we were tracking an unknown
military vehicle speeding through
Chinatown and that's not like we've
second time through but that's during
the main first playthrough I can change
my superpower
I believe so I have nothing I've seen
someone in the chat maybe no subtitle
should be on okay we'll make sure
they're on I mean we had the mas going
to be a long night
scarecrows gonna be released threatened
to release feared acid a month the city
conveniently except for all the
criminals everybody on the streets in
criminal yeah
Hey
just like the last two game something
with a less good excuse
yeah I need the money homeless Pedro 47
well they probably people are crazy they
don't give the notice that the crazy
Scarborough man everybody where they
might not even care yeah don't steal my
cans
hey I'm a card catch I posit India see
make sure sometimes on ya know they're
off that's weird
sorry there's a new game river yeah but
when I started through game I thought
that was one of the options apparently
not
we that's that is what is that's so
great
that's so great you can go right through
those antennas don't worry about doesn't
that's great I mean you're ready you're
basically spider-man sure you know what
I would like to do I would like to have
an interview with all the people who did
Boyce acting for the grunts as this like
for all the bad guys and calculate how
many different getting hit noises they
made just killed that guy you did know
they're all like darling now he's
definitely dead you hit him in the skull
with a baseball bat physics can prove
what are you doing to you think it was
just two guys ten minute oh oh rich even
the odds rich even the odds fuck that
fuck that button prompts the fuck yes
that button prompt pisses me off
you know why because it's supposed to
love the Batmobile oh my god me the
Batmobile oh my little few best in a
heart is exploding through my dick fuck
that okay there were smaller doses yeah
even the odds every one car that drove
you somewhere fuck even yeah you can
what will run into some of them
right did you just kill that cop you
didn't hit those pedestrian Oh see there
you go you just hit one you just hit one
a top speed that guy is fucking dead
there we go back on track
look
fucking oh yeah they're dead so I might
need to interrogate the driver and find
out what he knows
interrogate soldier Jackie are all fine
I know they're all fine I know and I
know that's like action movie video game
logic so I'm fine with that but there
there is a point that man should not be
sorry
what do you mean well I think there's a
point like like shirt like you hit a guy
really hard as he gets quote-unquote
knocked out Yeah right that's fine
that's that's um that's a logically that
I buy for movies and video games not
getting hit by a car that's traveling at
200 miles per hour that's that's where
it gets it like to be a little bit of a
leap you know what the fuck is is I'm
gonna hit that it's fair stuff yeah
looks like a like a like a bong you're
in college right does this look like a
bong to you
scarecrows named Joe Jack scarecrows got
a safe house nearby
I'm going to pay a visit we've been
waiting for
it's the Nolan Batman it's it's it's
like it's it's like they're trying to be
the Nolan Batman and the comic-book fat
hand it's the worst of ocean
you know at least they run from you in
this game yeah that makes sense how do
they not in City know I was sure there
is some like there's some really funny
henchman dialogue that you overhear
later where was like the guy just says
listen if you see the Batman just run
straight out of an attack works every
time
Oh way to be sneaky I tried it fucked up
you do everything right nope no I suck
at this game you know and you've seen me
suck at this game I'm getting better
though and I feel good about that
it's definitely different you know we
talked about this a lot like the
difference between playing game on your
own your streaming game a game I
definitely am enjoying night more than I
enjoyed Asylum because I haven't been
streaming it you know
right scarecrow and poison ivy
I noticed that huh I do like the one
soldier in there who's just just wait
just wait
I wish I could sit up straighter that
would be just a marvelous thing I could
just sit up straight hmm
it's life sometimes life throws you
rotten eggs ya know it's you know it's
not like what like when you're streaming
a game like it's it's because like we're
also we're also talking to you guys and
we're trying to we're trying to be
entertaining and you know we're keeping
up with you so you're not fully invested
Oh what did I do that wasn't fully
invested huh but I just thought now to
talk about it they're talking about me
and not you know liking this one better
than that yeah
but yeah that's just it like you can't
be fully invested in the game when
you're also holding a conversation yeah
that's why I didn't want to play
something like Shadow of the Colossus
Sunstream right that was peer pressure I
was me giving in to peer pressure and
you did great I thought that was a very
entertaining stream
what are you doing here why does she
think if she's moved on to leaf
Underpants tell me why the jacket I
think it let me I like the look of it
the why your your leaf lady who can grow
leaf Underpants go full leaf on my pants
yes she's Fonda she's fun she's fond of
the jacket it couldn't be cotton though
right yeah cuz that's all synthetic it's
either all synthetic or Sapir still but
she's like she's okay with everyone's
okay cool yeah but if you can't you
can't wear anything come boys an IV
fanservice yes yes this gets us boobs
the girl toxin has no effect on me
nature
oh no I do kind of like this it's
predictable as hell sure I knew it was
gonna happen hmm
I agree
yep this one you're coming with me
you'll need ask over here it is rich you
get to be a tank now yeah yeah I don't
think silk is warm truth it comes out of
warm they secrete it is it worm it's
that cool is it is it is it worm vomit
spider webs to plan that does that
specifically yeah swarm food that poop
it comes on would you call spiderweb
poop it comes out of if it comes out of
your button you're nuts
it's called poop you're nuts that's true
it comes out of the silk comes out of
silkworm spots
hey tank girl
those are suppressor bullets those won't
kill them at all now run them over
run them over fucking run and look fuck
run them over again fucking murder them
yes no those guys are fine they're still
alive they're fine
you're mushing them into the ground now
go to battle mode and fucking mushroom
harder oh those guys are pumped now
bullets that destroy tanks yeah no I was
gonna fine
those guys are fine they're just
unconscious I know I know we can
diminish the effects it's very soon oh
but it was stylistically infinite yeah
that's a reference to Star Trek episode
1 the Phantom
I'm okay with Batman murdering people
but maybe that's why I was looking
forward to the Red Hood bit a little bit
more so you can murder people you know
let me play Batman but murder people
that'd be fun why can the Batmobile
straight oh just taking taking because
it's a tank game yeah
hopper tank game because it's one of the
people who works at this gaming studio
has had this idea for a great tank game
but they couldn't make a new property
yeah they couldn't just make a tank game
and so that was their big idea and
somehow that's that's what got okay it
might be a decent tank game sure it's
just not Batman no no that I like the
tank moves fine the you you earn bonuses
oh yeah yeah no I hear you that there's
a dead body but right now I need to play
a VR video game to learn how my tank
works oh I'll look at your dead body
later okay I need to go check out this
hologram video game now yeah I know I
know people murdering everybody they're
making they're making chemicals
I need a donor rich you're doing it I
can tell they're not shooting back at
you Batman doesn't like guns Batman does
not less it's a tank but they're all
just drones right so it's okay you're
not actually shooting it do you think
that maybe like Commissioner George
Gordon lied about that
he's like okay okay police force come in
here come in here please force we're
gonna tell Batman that these are all
drones he won't fucking know he's not
gonna scan the tanks
it'll be fine and that way he'll kill
the tanks but we have to tell them that
their drones and poor dim-witted Batman
Oh what oh space vagrant just linked me
to just link to something I'm reading
I'm reading I'm reading official
announcements from WB games from the
arkham knight forms of WB games
dear Batman Arkham Knight PC owners this
is from the community we want to
apologize for those of you who are
experiencing performance issues with
Batman Arkham Knight on PC we take
positions very seriously and we have
therefore decided to suspend future game
sales of the PC version while we work to
address these issues to satisfy our
quality standards greatly value our
customers I know that while there are a
significant amount of players who are
enjoying the game on PC we want to do
whatever it takes whatever we can to
make the experience better for PC
players overall maybe you should've done
such a crappy job in the first place
the back they got like a third-rate
studio of blowing 12 people to the PC
port yeah well you know I made the dirt
cheap they thought in it
and of course it's rabid well they
thought they could get away with it yeah
yeah and they did so hey congratulations
to everyone who returned the game and
was vocal about the PC version was
deemed so garbage you did it
who knows if they're gonna fix anything
or if they're just gonna say yeah fuck
it we did I guess we just won't sell it
who knows tell your men they can resume
their with roles heard of that issue in
Batman all those tanks that was not a
landmark bring a knife that was a
hallmark issue right there I just I just
can't help but I hate this so much
you should it does not fit is it like it
doesn't even fit in the rest of the
Batman game is the thing you know Batman
Batman games are basically it's a
brawler with stealth elements right
that's what the Batman game is yeah this
does not fit in with that it's not just
about not fitting in with the Batman
universe it doesn't fit in with the rest
of the game
by July like a prisoner lockup
nope
have you guys had like has no one in
this world seen this Batmobile
I think it supposed to be new Wow the
one he had in the first game just
America yes also this really bothers me
because there is just a picture of
Barbara Gordon right there all those
cops are right there yeah Batman what
are you doing what are you talking to at
Barb's daughter for her what's what's
going on huh what's this about
but dude do you know Barbara Batman
that's weird that's weird that you would
know Barbara why are you talking to her
on that hollow wrist phone there's
speculation that they're going to do The
Killing Joke is DLC for this game I'm
Killing Joke series of missions yeah
well well that's the the first um the
first pack you could buy the season pass
you know yeah for Freddy fucking dollar
way Jesus Christ the first one is a
Batgirl prequel yeah so I don't know if
it'll be The Killing Joke but it will be
bad very well that's Mark Hamill tweeted
that he was working had to go to England
to work on something Rocksteady is in
England Joker just has to be in every
game who knows if it's going down and he
has seven the past he was only gonna do
the Joker again if he could voice him
for The Killing Joke
oh so the speculation is that they're
going to do Killing Joke DLC gotcha
that's fair speculation
nut dam bureaucrats we're on our own
we can handle it Junior what's the
latest what the fuck is he wearing it's
dropping they never noticed the side
waist belt holster furs dumb all right
is that how those holsters work that
particular version room I guess
apparently I've never seen one like over
a tie before this game is a killing joke
but the forensics voice and freaked out
they're real nasty awful we've had
several sightings of the Riddler
creeping around the train yard
knowing that guy I wonder how many
refunds steam has had to give out on
this game I'm sure look I know you're
busy if if it's so bad that they are
suspending ya money yeah like no no
we're not gonna take your money right
now it must be really bad
rich is failing Chris is failing oh I
guess that makes sense if you strapped
down his tie you don't have to animate
this guy yeah thinking that was so low
but they get away the cave I can't
imagine be that big a deal just another
thing to glitch just do some physics
yeah easier not to worry about the
physics of the tie clipping through
everything that girl wants to see you a
full house fine yep boom suck my shit
you're in jail right you're Jill I'm not
fuck off type in punch through bars
wait that's not how this game works no
Batman the text adventure cave
nothing like that dank
you stay behind
oh my person I just murdered you just
murder might have been they might have
been innocent for all I know you're
going way too fast to see anybody's face
oh my god
vandalizing the city oh gee oh god I do
love that flattening speaking of spinal
injuries no you know what if this was
just Grand Theft Auto Gotham City I
think I'd be more down you know is that
what more what Gotham City is is there
more of a sandbox element to Gotham City
kinda like spider-man two like
spider-man two had a good sandbox
element to it you know where you could
just fart around and rescue people if
you wanted yeah is that Arkham City
not sure yet not sure yet is that Arkham
City Oh Oh No
try to think I try to think of their
random encounters I don't think there
are many random things I mean they're
always groups with those you can just
jump down and shit on right I'll save
your crew anything every now and then
you gotta call the healthy PD officer to
pick you police sure I might be thinking
of origins I might be getting the two
confused
like I think you know have they because
they're basically the same game have
they done a good version of a game like
that were you just a hero and you like
can choose to fuck around or help people
or whatnot I'm sure they have
it wasn't there out Oh got the skin too
much ow fuck
do you need me to take over a little
better now they're saying we're gonna
get there
mr. shy smile is saying that Mark Hamill
had to go to UK cities motion-capture Oh
for the Joker yeah but it's confirmed
it's for the Joker well who knows I'm
getting a Tony okay
always
I just want to sit down I mean is that
too much to ask in life I want a chair
Oh God so much death and destruction
Batman was it worth it
oh you said for star citizen mr. Chow's
mom he he did we have to go to the UK
for star citizen to demotion okay okay
okay sorry mr. shy smile I have read
your comment I read half your comment
rich is going to see a doctor he's gonna
call for an appointment yes the
Batmobile is 100% invulnerable the
Batmobile cannot be hurt unless it's by
other tank fire or if it falls into
water you lose does that work for him
yeah okay which is better now you don't
want to know what he's doing I'm just
lying down basically he's lying down
basically you know what rich is a good
friend of mine I'm not gonna give him a
leg massage I'm not gonna think we
should run through the ground rules for
tonight you will address me at all times
Bob Riddler or mr. nygma sir
otherwise detective I expect your
patented brand of surely silence I'll
roll the second all gauntlets called
integrated microphones and other
communications devices that beam or
otherwise are switched off the prior to
the start of the test this mall I'm down
rich is lying down right now let's put
that eagle
would I give another man a foot massage
I mean really depends on the
circumstances
have you done this yet
can that ramshackle motor
doing this on my side this has been
really weird actually very impressive
for doing this sideways
nice why is this under Gotham really
good question Mario Mario because it's
Batman and that kind of stuff can happen
to that man I think I think it says
later that they'll say I need the extra
speed nygma says later that it's like
underground water
you can hear it
Jackie Kennedy wore look you're gonna
have to walk you set the drive
someone had a great idea for a tank game
Yeah right like oh yeah that's all this
stuff is just like we don't need a car
whoa
now pay attention detective go Leto
well the CGT lever there are
consequences we're down here if you
notice the timer doesn't stop and so
like you sure you start off you know you
you start back right there but rich is
on a timer
you might do it no no I'm not gonna do
all right
come on
yeah oh my god we could we could turn
with CB sideways
your entourage right right inside oh my
god yeah I'll just finish this you lay
down and stretch your back and I'll
finish this up and at least guinness
Elias get us can you restart huh
can you restart I cost you a lot of time
there
oh sure I'm with you restart I also
really dislike this and like of a recap
dialog moments yeah why that's fine yeah
I mean you know me
finishing each before the time limit
expired
detective
yes it is a grotesque PWR thank you
thank you enigma you're right you're
right
detective I know I know settle down whoa
whoa
read this like a fucking sports car you
don't even know what that's like a
ramshackle then you just said yes okay
you take it falsely yep obviously not I
need you to speak
ah I haven't fallen yet nobody here
comes oh crap afterburners don't forget
that's right that's right
I can do this I can do this I can do
this
well I made it it's fine right cuz
everything's fine
that's fine hahaha that makes no sense
nope but it's fun
it doesn't need to make sense rich it
just needs to be fun
yeah yeah I don't know anything else
okay I'm a dank motherfucker
I think motherfucker
I do like just driving around as tank oh
look at that when you're as a thank your
wheels don't move is that just a weird
shadow thing oh they're moving up hey
hey that ain't fine
your imagination here's like the real
thing
I know I know listen I get nygma's
things his ego is is more important than
like stopping the Batman right but he
has convinced Batman to go down a giant
elevator shaft mm-hmm right uh-huh
hundreds of feet underneath the city
mm-hmm
you could just collapse the elevator
shaft mm-hmm Batman would never ever get
out mm-hmm I'm not saying that's a
better plan well kind of this well that
my plan would kill the Batman
part oh wow okay take out all these
support beams think think beeping pardon
me Wayne remodeling little support beams
made up yes look at all this weight
Alice collapse do you take out
everything that the more collapse
that's what I'm trying to just be
floating there in space
let's connect into the same place
alright number what's it all connected
to though lying even think that be
enough to at least like yeah what's over
here let's see we've oh oh this stuff
you can't not guys ok I feel like that
oh my god tree uh got here tree oh
that's so depressing what do you think I
wonder if there's like a poison ivy
related achievement to destroy all of
the trees oh sure
find all the trees knock them down
Oh what's this can't do anything yet
okay all right I'll stop fucking around
now fuck Ryan are you on
that's my mother shit I'll get no fucks
with look at how invulnerable what the
fuck
Batman's car concrete pillars yeah nope
yep right through concrete pillars
that's fine like a tank wouldn't be able
to do that this is just how I Drive Oh
Oh think that stopping Oh
oh that's a jump oh we got to go off the
jump
excuse me excuse me oh oh no oh oh
anymore after day ol little fail oh
here's another one ready oh that was a
jump let's just say incline now wow it's
a jump now oh that's odd
you know every time I see it just gets
worse and worse
I feel like now all I do is why all I
want to see is like how much I can
destroy what can I destroy can I destroy
that train no because it's so much
property damage just let the girls do
what they want
oh no that's kinda what you're sleeping
in office you home
people murder and electrocute them yep
I'm not coming out to have this fucking
around man
that's great I'm you know I just wanted
oh there we go
I just like to see what I can get away
with in games anyway apparently anything
just turn on the afterburners fuck
burner man yay murder hope there wasn't
a homeless man in that pile of trash
killing people yay
what's down here
which what is going on
Wow hey hey
oh I missed I missed there's like a tub
it's like a tunnel system there
there we go
Oh
anything down here anything down here
what's this oh I can't touch it yet
what's this I can't punch it rich I
don't try to drive in like a black jar I
think this thing eventually you get a um
you get a winch oh and you're a pretty
Batmobile all right boylar and learn so
I think it's like pulling that with your
winch yeah let's go this way
murder simulator get out your dick get
out of here dick dick
killing more people than I usually do on
a grand theft auto huh oh man I am down
here Oh right through that oh yeah
Oh we've been here before you usually
don't kill this many people on Grand
Theft Auto yeah really
I suppose in Grand Theft Auto those
consequences
I like grinding fast and not hitting
things yeah yeah Oh
I hope I don't mess up your murder
investigation
you could show people the new scanner
just kind of me a new scanner yeah have
you done this yeah unless you have to
specifically start investigating this
crime and the mission's thing I don't
know I think it's like you're here and
the mutilated body cashmere this was one
of this is one of the side missions
right yeah yeah you know what this by
the way this gave me some hope for the
game because you actually did detective
work yeah it was neat they all try and
they never quite get it right real the
cause of death is being a detective yeah
yeah leading to cardia yeah yeah it's
always do the next thing you're supposed
to do yeah
that's not all it's as though the
subjects DNA has been good is there any
sort of limitations when you have a
projector as far as like color versus
black and white is the body for
distinguishing features is it weird that
is in black and white identity yeah I
didn't really think about that before
like it's weird that he's projecting
unto error okay I mean you know what
that's true yeah yeah what's that light
shining upon and once again by the way
like what if there was just a random
person over here it's like Batman who is
that guy you're talking to he looks like
Bruce Wayne's Butler just looks a lot
like Bruce Wayne's Butler you know maybe
he can only see that with the color
maybe no no oh sure but then why hold up
your arm so he can doesn't he's got the
colt yeah but then it wouldn't be
projected anywhere in the cowl I don't
know I'm just trying I'm trying so
here's the new deep tissue scanner see
bones and see like tendons right yeah
skin and I'm gonna look at his dick
of course you are we're gonna look at
his day oh of course you are you know
you know you call this checkup the
Treasure Trail caught the traders trail
boys group suddenly something covers
this up it's gonna happen it's nothing
that's just weird that's weird
it is weird they probably shouldn't
bother having the skin scanner I don't
know he's got a big bone
the victim had a hip replacement scar
tissue hasn't fully healed so it must
have been recent do you like being a
detective
it's crazy it's like you're being it's
like you're being a detective oh no go
back I like that
a wedding ring in the lower intestine
the inscription reads aphelion punch his
nan dick he doesn't have a dick I can't
punch him in the dick and yeah deformity
on the left ear looks like a result of a
minor ear a Genesis it looks like he has
a wax ear look for people who like to
wear wax ears mr. Potato Head mrs.
Potato Head the entire potato head
Albuquerque New Mexico what's unusual is
that they didn't go missing in Gotham
they were brought here and killed and
big bunch
see I can't punch him in the dick you
know why no dick good job no dead good
job punch him in his dick a corpse nice
dick not I'm out of here
i'm bevvan
sweet flipped
what is wrong with you me what was wrong
with you I mean so many things nice
crime scene
I just like the idea of Batman being
total hats off he kind of is already
even isn't he yeah if there's any place
in that place guy you sure yeah blowed
up okay I want to check first I wanna
see if I'm gonna kill anybody
I'm gonna say no oh well still gonna
blow it up use some blow of cars and
people in them we've seen it already and
the night Batman why are you blowing up
a police cuz I thought it's cool
have you seen my tank thing I gotta
sweep 360s in it going up a hill what
money Batman my there's only so many
millionaires in Gotham in fact that
looks really oh oh here this for you can
this for you can knock that oh oh my god
oh that is that must be it pump up slot
related palm trees what is up with this
palm tree oh no just from that angle I
couldn't weird that's very weird
this is the game for me that knocking
shit knocking shit over like I don't
want to get
you did great
I do 360 don't act like you're not
impressed
I can't reach the mic fortunately I
don't know if anybody's even hearing me
at this point I don't know if you guys
hear rich whatever
ramp go excuse me alright hi
it's not fucking around what are we
doing now for real we did that did that
I think story mission oh we got to do
the story mission all right all right
let's do this story missions
excuse me okay oh it's killers yes good
I can't kill him
there we go dead
dad fucking doubt even better alright
cuz people survive car crashes and
explosions all the time all the time all
the time
nope go up go up
not that up fuck okay turn it around I'm
Batman
oh all right fuck it there we go i'm
bevvan crazy man I'm Batman
crazy crazy man in my defense Batman is
a crazy man excited
though it is innate if you ever had
criminals just walk up to the Batmobile
while you weren't in it no you could you
can you can taste them Bill's got like a
Taser oh really yeah oh that's funny Oh
have you not been here you know oh just
right where I left off
oh I did those other side quests you did
yeah and I had walked in this building
it was like the next thing I could do
sure
No oh they can do the classic they
better kind of
a little bit a little bit of new all
right
Oh cinematic yes make the camera spin
around me the very ghosts yeah beep beep
got a guy check my Twitter feed hashtag
Gotham sucks
I'm totally you've managed to reduce the
compound to its core elements but
there's nothing in there that we can
trace what have we been looking at this
the wrong way instead of searching what
if we have been what if we focus on the
manufacturing process does our LM still
make videos nope we've moved into the
smoked meats business smoked and cured
ham we don't have salami pepperoni
fontina cheese we have recently filmed
the best of the worst where I was it was
internally screaming screaming in agony
the whole time yeah you're great yeah I
know I did but internally internally
reaming an agony yep that was a good
episode we just did that and you guys
did another month
I wasn't paying attention I was supposed
to be doing yes great they'll be a thing
great they'll be a thing Oh Jim yeah
we've got a way to find out where cranes
working from thank God what can I do get
your men ready soon as we've got a
location I'll let you know all right
oh my god no shell love lob what yeah
probably many sure all the attention
we've been paying do it
nope where is the Arkham City area that
just died
let's go down there no you don't care
not even a little bit I like that I like
doing this wheel keep going really it's
a much cooler way of getting around and
it it is so much more fun just gliding
around the city that's weird
well sure nothing ever happens here with
a camera what kind of porno are they
making over here like this is an old
movie studio but you wouldn't just leave
a camera out something probably happens
not anymore
oh no you broke the camera how am I
going again this way you're you just
turn around yeah I'm following the face
oh you are oh my god what oh come along
I'm following the thing
down there let's go
hey nice wall not anymore
I just broke it yeah where's my flex
button okay what do we have we're we're
six points we have six points we can we
can special combo Batarang that's pretty
sick time your next strike perfectly
definitely not doing that cuz I can't do
that these are like a canvas these are
different combos I think these are the
combos you already have that tap are too
to slide while running is that real real
thing you can do
I mean I'm gonna assume we okay we this
way sorry I get distracted easily mmm
Batman
oh that's right I remember this I've
already played this section I know what
I'm doing now cuz he's super strong he's
sick a strong man is the power we are
all Batman this is symbolism we are
Batman yeah like the wings for the
mobile we are all super suit nope later
yep that's later yet a lot later yet I'm
trying to remember if you get it before
or after the first like mission mission
I think you get it after the first one I
think we go on like a home mission
okay first I forget though which tells
you a lot your gums
this is a lot about your attention span
yeah you know no it's you know you get
the suits and the suit you know gives
you a couple moves but it doesn't I
played I played a lot I don't know do
you get the suit sometimes you know all
this money Batman spends I'm like
crime-fighting magic Jets yeah take cars
yo how much cancer could he have cured
homeware how much cancer I can only
assume he also gives the cancer research
all of the cancer or some of the cancer
probably some of the cancer okay you
know he said he's a gajillion air so I
can only assume he also like he has a
hospital named after my so he gave money
the hospital please don't hurt your
indestructible tank
sorry for spoiling your puzzles where it
it's a point giving everything you know
go back
that's pretty obvious really yeah
whoa whoa whoa settle down
fucking tanked the couldn't Batman of
climbed up here he needs to get the car
up here why it's a power thing maybe if
you pay attention to the cutscenes
yes Kennedy excuse me
you do do you just no regard property I
didn't even need to knock they see down
the 60s Adam West's Batman would not
approve no I know nor would I want him
to I'm Batman motherfucker excuse me oh
what's neat yeah again sorry for
spoiling these pills at sea but I figure
there early enough on where
doo doo doo doo doo and boxes that's a
great take girl game this is a great
tank girl game who owns the rights to
tank girl can we make that happen again
remember tank girl nobody does they
should it think girl is fun I hear go
but by the way here's something amazing
there's a little revenge in game that
you need to buy
here's a fun thing about the Batman game
that happens right now your your car
needs to stay here to continue giving
this thing power okay so you have to
ditch your car oh yeah because like
that's when I learned I could just glide
around a gym I was like oh my god
gliding around and shit is so much
better so much better than any I've got
this under control
what the boy blunder all right now I
need to go to another thing
didn't the meetings of that may be ish
how justified is he in his murdering of
everyone is your justified he's zero
justifies okay look at that look how
great that is I believe when we last see
the Scarecrow he's unconscious but
there's no indication that he wouldn't
die lady was left for dead sure
scarecrows man regarding the antenna I
need to evaluate the threat or plan my
attack
garrets yeah anything well this man will
make it through a little bit more I want
to see if we can get to if we can get to
a big story moment yeah together to get
a big rich reaction oh five soldiers all
armed if I alert them they'll kill the
hostage and need to reach a vantage
point to draw them outside
I probably shouldn't grapple from in
here can you know oh oh you know what
happens now yeah okay I remember this I
remember this I know what happens now
swing between vantage points if I can
separate them they'll be easier to take
down it's like better hang
supposin you know what happens not of
course well no what happened to that
great you shouldn't see that
why shouldn't he look great oh oh I did
I did do that they see grits now which
is great what he's doing great and look
great oh because that would be a great
idea
rich you're encouraged about this guy
over here what I wouldn't do for like a
shitload of painkillers you know huh
hostage did no no mm shot skeet a
soldier's inside you think safe they
stick together you didn't lose that much
hell do you got shot a number of time oh
this is like the first you know just
I've got a hostage situation I did that
much better on my own
the first time I think I actually I was
like super Sneaky all the time oh it is
it is rich the new bandages oh this is
when we get it right here
so by the way stealth is really
important to Batman right yeah so like
do you think it would be a good idea to
make any sort of loud noise no like even
you have to be careful with footsteps
right so like no loud noises right right
okay great
nothing to alert them of our presence
nothing at all
I know what happens I've seen what the
version of this in City long brush they
didn't hear that though it's fine it
didn't do it the middle of a stealth
section of course but they did that in
the city but I'm saying they are right
there yeah they're right there and they
heard that they heard that little
Batarang they heard the little battering
didn't feel the vibration caused by this
mess of a thing right I've only seen her
in other videos I need to see how bad
this looks
and
person here comes look at those ugly abs
well no ugly that looks bad dude tell me
this do you bleed
where is not the worst and they're
selling it like I'm supposed to be
excited about this yeah that's what's
annoying news suit porn but with the new
suit what we get is a new a new thingy
here every gunman one hostage time to
put this suit to the test what thingy
you'll see
and close-order have to go here
Oh
you'll see a new suit is faster and more
mobile by getting close without being
detected
here let me help you take that in the
panic take down all three before they
know what hit them take down she was on
your target press the button take down
choose a new target
Wow it seems like that would make the
game way too easy yeah you know you can
only you can only use it if you're in
stealth it hasn't that's a great suit is
that a poly poly or fiber what's gonna
be I know
so another question is can we change out
of the suit taking the last game you
couldn't the Batcave
no sure but I don't remember if you
could during the main story if you had
to wait till after the story or new game
plus I don't remember that oh don't
worry about don't I'm not okay but now
come on open door okay
shouldn't every footstep be makes me
claw whomp right
Oracle oh it's in color now Oh God oh my
god I didn't even notice that before oh
Jesus
yeah he got you got a better projector
in the surgeon top-of-the-line projector
time to find scare girl oh good I
thought I once again like the gut it
looks like the card worked out but like
that guards just there he hurt Barbara
right what are you doing talking to
Barbara I'm suing he's got an earpiece
in this gotta find scarecrow out both
antennas to identify the micro and radio
wave frequencies across Gotham oh great
if I can find both frequencies at the
same location I'll know where scarecrow
is manufacturing his toxin
great oh all right this is this is game
now by the way oh it's kind of neat
together together
no no so they're manufacturing some sort
of chemical like toxin right mm-hmm yeah
wonder if there's any sort of place that
that could happen in Gotham City
we already know this a chemical why
toxin frequencies point to ace chemicals
we already knew we already knew just get
mad those mine it's fine that was my
joke rich that's all I got that was my
dough where it's like game that's an
anti reveals what that is yeah every
more check babe it's not a cynical what
what
look at that now super glide see that
grapple boost see it again
true did that before it was just more
speed yeah oh yeah you go down faster I
know I could drive my car over here by
the way everybody I know it cuz I don't
want to I want to glide I'm fucking
Batman I want to be spider-man I don't
think it acts very much like spider-man
huh spider-man doesn't glide no he
doesn't like yank himself for the spring
action Reese wings
that's not swinging oh no it's different
it's just like this is how I want to
travel though should be how you want to
travel that's neat
oh look at that you don't do much of the
the diving then coming back up though
you you kind of like gain a little bit
go do it just go to no yep hold r2
you're going to a full-on dive and then
you then you pull up oh okay rich you
made me lose my glide oh look how
miserable Gordon Lux I think they do
nailed him lift just like just like fuck
mile I'm sick of this shit guys it's
gonna be no please putting a Gotham an
honest policeman has to be like the
worst job right
what who is this now what kind of super
whatnot are we fighting tell your secret
shit
there's always stuck with shit let
Batman deal with this I just want a book
I'm bugger
can i book a mugger are there any
muggers a gun yeah guys here is I don't
know if you're having problems in it is
there's the those that got the Arkham
Knight they got the mark of night
I'm curious oh it's gonna be now yeah
yeah me too
I do I think we should get if if you can
I don't know how far you can make it
this yeah if we can get to the end of
this section ah there's a there's a
story yours thing and so I think that's
that should be our goal for tonight I'll
go cuz I'm gonna replay all of this shit
that's true but we could get your
reaction to it alright alright
what do you got in there I have no idea
how much if we got we got a while yeah
no I don't know what times it no well
then we should stop what time is it it
is 10 o'clock we've been screaming since
6:30 I'm happy with that you're happy
with that I want to go take out a nice
really fucking hot bath okay you saw the
new suit yeah I saw the new suit doesn't
look as bad as everything I've seen
before like in person but I still don't
like it yeah as much as a cloth normal
that suit you know like I think they
exaggerated the Ironman aspects of it
for like the trailers and whatnot oh
nice codpiece
really you know it's it's what you know
that is that is a that's a gentlemanly
bulge it's enough to know that there's
something there but he's not showing off
that that's what you're looking at you
know you don't want it you don't want
looking at let's show it off
look at that sticks out just a little
bit just kissing those thumbs there I
don't like the idea of Batman's have
been made out of shiny metal pieces yeah
yeah I know I really dislike the chest
piece yeah like how you can see like
little servos in there no yeah yeah and
like the neck look at all this whooping
on the neck I hate the shoulder pads I
hate the back of the neck yeah yeah
really hate the back of the neck hmm
think I can punch Gordon no don't worry
can you use explosive gel by his feet
going to your weapons menu down on the
d-pad I think
just surround them with it this is
totally not going to work but hey Garden
good I can't leave you three to that
good good good what the fuck is that
what the fuck just happened Batman what
was that I don't know Gordon I want to
get I need to get closer to him there we
go
look at right at his feet you stuffed
men James Gordon
he's Splosion proof if I can get it like
right over here I think there we go look
at that oh my god he's surrounding
that's a perfect surrounding Gordon
Gordon
say hi to your daughter for me dick dick
dick he he lost a lot of muscles since
Asylum yeah yeah oh yeah you know what
he was a little beefy he was even
beefcake gone in asylum he's beaten down
here I don't want to be a fucking cop
anymore
you know what I want to do I want to be
a farmer I'm moving to Smallville I'm
out of here
gonna be a farmer his voice is different
too yeah I think did they change
Oracle's voice or shame I electric voice
Kimberley Brooks okay yeah she's fine
you okay I like scarecrows old ways
better I guess they wanted something
more menacing yeah well this whole
scarecrow thing you know this is like
Megan this is mega scarecrow right here
oh yeah you know whoa
go and look into my eyes good good I'm
Bruce Wayne I need to tell you this I
love you
no one's me well kiss your lips
oh good good alright we're gonna yeah
we're gonna stop for you thinks you're
nuts huh you think you're not you
alright you drive in a tank and you wear
a bat suit you are nuts
it's true this is just like it's true
Gordon's just thinking like is it your
back will go bad you what's behind you
yeah how did I get there how did my
Batmobile get here a fucking thing it
just won't go away I didn't call you I
didn't call you look at how ugly this is
look at how fucking ugly this is I
really just like the look of this
Batmobile I like I just like the look of
your robo neck
I'm leaving they need to stop stirring
now if I leave these chemicals scarecrow
will unleashes toxin across the whole of
Gotham yep fuck Gotham I'm a millionaire
I'm gonna buy Smallville all right okay
we're done true yeah we're done good
night everybody good night everyone
sorry we weren't paying attention to
subscribers today but if you subscribe
today thank you so much we really do
appreciate it thank you to all the new
subscribers all the old subscribers and
everyone else who just came out to see
us play a little batman be disappointed
by dlc and uh and we'll see if I'm still
going through this shit next time we
stream yeah cuz geez crane him it's been
since since like Saturday really I was
okay Friday the day after yeah Saturday
it came on wasn't that bad Saturday then
Sunday was like oh Jesus fuck I want to
die uh-huh and then Monday was like oh
Jesus fuck I want to die uh-huh then
Tuesday through morning through every
