Episode 160
Ba-Man: Ark Ham Spoileriffic (Part 3)
July 23, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQNeTOfLZ4s
___________________________________________

fear multi takedown no fear multi
cheekbone
yep I'll take it I hate that mechanic
you know yeah to make this game is how's
that
yeah that's pretty easy boss why did I
do that why did that miss where's
Nightwing
where's Nightwing is it night wings
supposed to be here I want to say yes
I haven't done this particular mission
oh you son of a bitch he hit me with a
box rich that son of a bitch threw a box
net
what traveling really fucked and he
should apologize well it you know what
it just makes me feel dumb because I got
hit by the box
where's Poochie ultime sir that's what
it says it's time to upgrade I never I
don't know I only have nine points now
oh great later hey you know where's the
upgrades aren't all that exciting
no like I really enjoy where the fuck
was Nightwing rich toy do you think they
were afraid to come back we could boring
after two games yeah I think that's why
the whole game is take take take take
take take take you guys are you guys
like tanks I kind of like things also I
do that entire scene without I did that
and tie your fight without Nightwing
that's weird
night Wayne was supposed to be here the
Rising Sun that should be a mod he says
I wish the game had a mode where sixties
Batman punching things would show up
when you hit something or something sure
like the bangs in PAL oh yeah that'd be
great like every time you do like the
knockout punch
yeah a big pow sure that would be good
mutters PC mutters you get on that yeah
make that whatever is the Steam version
is actually playable you make that mod
you man you make that mother hold on for
a second I forgot to do something
some says night wake isn't in this
mission he's off doing something else oh
he's getting kidnapped by the penguin so
the last mission is more interesting
that's my guess I haven't done the I
haven't finished the penguin missions
that's just my guess I mean you that you
have to be right dictor birthday voices
Arkham City has retro Batman this one
has it too but we're talking about the
actual like visual onomatopoeia effects
that would pop up on the screen in the
sixties show yeah like you hit somebody
in it the screen says Powell yeah yeah
somebody in the chat is saying they
should have made a 1960s Batman game the
speculation before they made this one is
that's what the next game was going to
be oh really
yeah later hope you're Batman the game
yeah that pan out that way but that was
the rumor Adam West is still around they
get him to voice the character he's
still those voice work would be you know
what that would be kind of fun yeah Chum
sorry
we're gonna stick here or something okay
yes riser gee I missed the combat
challenges too I would frequently turn
on asylum or City just just to play the
the combat challenge mode mm-hmm just to
do that even if I wanted to play story
mode sometimes when I first turned the
game on I would just fire up challenge
mode just just a warm-up first oh sure
just to kind of get back into the into
the combat groove before before
attempting a failed Arkham Asylum no
Jeff run I would usually start off with
a good a good session of combat
challenges just to just say just to get
my life my rhythm going
yeah okay here we go sorry about that no
I forgot to unban someone oh oh my god
who got banned and wipe ah the binary
Sun okay and I talked to the mods and we
couldn't figure out why they run or why
they were banned oh oh I hope you have
you're totally right by the way rich
Nightwing was captured by thank good and
so i've unbanded binary Sun if you're
here sorry for forgetting to do that
before the stream started but I just
remembered which if you ever match
Anthony no death run evident you guys
leave his location for me I have and I
pulls it off I'm a normal mind you not
on hard but it's it's been done many
years ago it was my crowning no death
run achievement yeah yep Wow let's
finish up this penguin one
penguin has Nightwing hostage in the
amur tech building at otisburg
he would go home dick here we go hang on
Nightwing and I swear to god jack in in
city yeah
penguin is just the best character you
know here he's kind of inside here is
just kind of a slump ya know in in city
it's the most interesting penguin has
ever been okay right because you can
just see how sadistic he is well that's
great get out of here and you know what
I do I'm gonna leave my bat will be on
right there cuz that's what I do I hate
the Batmobile so much I'm just gonna
leave it right there and I'm gonna glide
I suppose I should I should take it out
of the tunnels at least
there's no gliding out of the tunnels so
this way I don't have to run out of the
tunnels oh you were supposed to glide
off a bat Batman get your shit together
Stan's 1985 says origins was only bad
because it didn't offer anything new
origins was slapped together organ was
made by a different studio because
Warner Brothers didn't want to go for
years a lot of Batman games very popular
they just handed the reins off to
somebody else to make a game feel time
and to save time I mean they basically
just copied everything in Arkham City
let's say it's the exact same fucking
map but the story in origins I think is
really good I think the story in origins
is a lot better than the the story and
city now they don't have the same
storytelling Flair that that Rocksteady
has but just the plot itself I mean it's
a great Batman meets Joker for the first
time story and they use Vayne horribly
properly like it picks up it makes up
for bein being an utter buffoon in
Arkham Asylum there's some goodness in
origins
Oh someone's stuck out a bad guy's stuck
on a wall that makes me almost feel bad
for sneaking up on him almost how was
Troy Baker as Batman as I mean as Joker
not as good as Mark Hamill he does a
fairly decent Mark Hamill impression
except sadly for the laughs is I got
everything but the laugh and it's tragic
but he does a decent enough job and then
the guy they got to do Batman
does a decent Kevin Conroy impersonation
except when he admits gets mad he does
that's stupid in origins except when he
gets mad he does that stupid uh
Christian Bale growl yeah
but otherwise he's trying to sound like
Kevin Conroy no that's good
yeah you'll be fine just come over here
come around this corner real quick
do-do-do-do-do nothing's gonna happen if
you come around this corner to do what
oh oh shit
hahaha
smoke pellet always wins
goddammit sentry gun get out of here
with your sentry guns
I wear these people at there's someone
there's someone
oh shit damn it now that was sloppy I'm
being sloppy that's fine that's fine
sentry guns rich sentry guns and oh oh I
took out the guy who is disabling my bad
vision my detective vision oh good
that's that's helpful
stop placing sentry guns
are we thinking of flying police quest -
that was one of the best streams ever
haha glad you enjoyed it eventually yes
yeah yeah I mean we want to play more
Sierra games we were thinking our next
Sierra game would be would be like one
of the Kings quests or peasant quests
just to make it a little bit different
but yeah I I would love to return to
sunny box oh yeah yeah that was super
fun oh there's only one guy left
you know what I don't get mine Batman
being interested in Talia al Ghul
you mean the super sexy spy lady the the
daughter of Ra's al Ghul yeah race Roz
whatever like they you know they
reference her a lot in this game warns
for her yeah did you go into the
evidence room at the police station yeah
yeah and yeah her like swords are there
and he he stops to put his hand on it I
never understood why Batman would like
her she's a fucking genocide maniac you
know the heart father wants to kill
billions of people and she helps him
yeah but I think he found love with her
before before before he knew all that
and then you know it was like someone
who could keep up with him mentally and
physically
I just always seen her as a terrible
love interest terrible no no it made
sense it always made sense to me oh I do
want to play a half-life one Black Mesa
ah that would be great no you know it
always made sense like she was she was
much like Catwoman she is someone who is
Batman's equal and Batman had you know
he don't want no Harley Quinn he don't
want no lady who ain't no smarts I mean
when it comes between Talia al Ghul and
kattleman yeah happen every time you
know Talia's got some money it already
has my you know what to say to worry
about Catwoman stealing some of it right
she's not gonna slit your throat the
middle of the night because her father
has some crazy murder everybody scheme
going on murder everybody scheme
don't expend too much energy forming
words I know how to do this can I get
over there I know how to do this okay we
need the disrupter gun right
oh no the hacking the hacking thing does
that not the young the young and the
restless' is Batman liking a lady who
challenges him absurd can't Catwoman
challenges him Talia al Ghul is a she's
a murderer she's a genocide 'el maniac
who challenges them you know like all
right Batman Batman whole thing is
fighting criminals yeah this is why Tae
Yong chol is more of a terrorist nutjob
that a criminal
Catwoman's a criminal there's better
brand synergy there you know I'm sure
it's better in Batman's universe I agree
I agree with that when you get in the
race al Ghul territory you get into some
weird shit with immortality resurrection
pizza yeah global eco-terrorism good
well you know once you start getting
into global eco-terrorism Batman started
because he wanted to stop muggers yeah
thanks really escalated for Bruce Wayne
didn't he you know what I think maybe
the hope may be the entire Batman story
is just about Bruce Wayne getting in too
deep and trying to lie his way out of it
all like I don't know guys I've made
this commitment no I I mean I have no
idea what I'm doing I'm making it up as
I go along here I'll be honest with you
I suppose he regrets the no killing role
every day of his life yes things would
be so much easier if I could just kill
every
I could change anything I would just
murder everyone who disagree with me all
right
press X to rescue Nightwing that was a
literal press X to rescuing but that's
fine back away from you yeah I want to
be Knightly it always obsessed me like
when you when you get the new character
but then like they give you back to
Batman that's like now I've been Batman
already I don't care about being badly
she kept woman she's a villain but just
she's not a murderer which I think I
think with Batman that's that's the
important the fact that he's attracted
or and that she's in my mind you know
Catwoman's the more realistic love
interests I think Talia al Ghul want to
be with them like if you could convince
her to be even somewhat good you know
keep up your eco-terrorism or whatever
but stop murdering just farmers for fun
spots check for spots
yeah yeah no I'm with you come on there
we go leopard and spots
a leopard and spots
she can't isolate mutaters saying I
wouldn't call Catwoman a villain she's
teetering the line between villain and
antihero maybe she's a thief she's the
kind of person that Batman tries to stop
yes we still need to find him
where's the penguin it got a lock-up the
penguin you know I don't know I've
always if I if I were Bruce Wayne
Catwoman
fine you can't Catwoman's like common
eye I'm a billionaire who punches bad
guys at night for fun right I need
something that's a little more exciting
I need a global terrorist just to fill
that it's too crazy you're I mean you're
not thinking like a billion got it you
gotta stay away from crazy exciting yeah
she looks dangerously hmm and she
doesn't murder people yeah yeah sounds
like she's a square to me oh really
Nightwing you got snuck up on by the
penguin issues Tatiana's right and care
of aunt Catwoman robbing
that's time he give me stopping violent
muggers yeah I think I actually think
that's why Batman and Batman and
Catwoman get along so well I think I
think he can kind of be cool with her
because she isn't running around
murdering people
he would rather stop the violent thugs I
think I think that's the thing that
Batman could be better spending his time
stopping violent murders than cattlemen
that they should be a higher priority
and I think they are which is why Batman
kind of sort of flirt with the idea of
having Catwoman as a love interest and
out of someone that needs to be thrown
in jail immediately sure I'm half paying
attention to you because there's that
there's a penguin cutscene costumes in
this game are more ripped than
schumacher stars everybody's wearing a
robot suit yeah this is the end
everybody's wearing the design suck in
this game all right that's my grade op
you nothing stops you keep blüdhaven
safe I somebody in the last one I think
it was octave Jay mentioned that he
could switch back to the normal outfit
we start the game with and I did that
yeah but and you still get all the same
rules yeah okay yeah and you know the
the neck is really bothersome no the
necklace is terrible but the rest the
obviously yeah there was one issue where
he takes his mask off and he'd you know
he did the motions what the hell that
didn't come off oh sure
oh yeah yeah the skin but otherwise okay
don't regret my decision
sure
I hate driving in this car
red hood is wearing a robot suit well
technically he is technically who red
hood isolate mutates this red hood isn't
wearing a robot suit well technically he
is oh I get it cuz he thinks I gotta
fight tanks of penguiny leg and my shit
come on the wizard o-22 forces while
angry Joe is also playing Batman Arkham
Knight yeah what a shock that people
might be streaming this brand-new game
it just came out never would have saw
that coming
yeah what does he think of it
are you watching are you like watching
both streams oh oh who's playing it as
well
angry Joe oh okay do you watch anger Joe
somebody says he's playing that right
now oh I know you know what go to go to
twitch I bet there are at least a couple
hundred people streaming this at this
very moment
why does Red Hood sound so dirty cuz it
does it does sound dirty
it sounds like something you put your
penis right is that it sounds like an
uncircumcised male well they put on my
Red Hood oh oh what is that is that a
Red Hood
ooh how exotic watch your mouth Oswald
we're on the same side of the bars now
don't be fooled that's underneath
there's a teddy bear waiting to get out
oh god oh god
okay so now and and the wizard zero two
two two four
yeah two - I'm sorry if it sounded like
I put you down I just thought that was a
funny comment because everybody's
probably streamlet I mean that's really
true you know I don't mean to put you
down first we're cool you're cool dude
yeah he's common dude usual make FISMA
shiz Nats the bad creature has a
distinctive echo location delivery if I
listen carefully I'll be able to track
its movement and let down alright great
go to the evidence room jack oh why
what's in the evidence room now is there
more stuff in the evidence room why the
fuck's the evidence room again Mario
Mario 42 says you guys are number one
streaming it right now oh well great
we're number one in streaming this guy
can't be right ha ha ha there's 500
people in this room according to my
screen watching now 515 okay well there
you go I don't I can only imagine angry
Joe has eight times that many people and
every time I walk past that guy in the
police station I wonder when the fuck
I'm gonna get a chance to interrogate
him the guy in the interrogation room no
the cop who's glowing green oh right why
is he going green I'll point it out next
time he's obviously a Riddler guy right
but obviously you know he's a cop I
guess it would just be weird if Batman
just grabbed a cop but not not like
interrogating you think he would give
you a clue I'm assuming something is
gonna happen with that later oh shit
where's the evidence room Oh what I need
to figure out is when I'm gonna get that
goddamn gun out of the evidence rooms I
need for the Riddler challenge
oh is that why we need to go to the
evidence
that's where it is I don't know how to
get the fucking thing I don't know if
it's gonna come up in a story quest
later or if I just haven't figured out
how to get it okay nice got the Firefly
stuff there's a Riddler trophy over
there great chat saying that you can
press triangle anytime you want on him I
thought I had tried that it didn't work
I you do me a favor on your way out when
she walked past the cop who's glowing
green could you hit the triangle button
oh I guess I never thought to hit
triangle I talked to him you can hit X I
thought I'd tried that it didn't work
maybe maybe I had a brain fart I didn't
I just thought I did later I don't know
okay wait what um what gun do I need in
here oh you can just smash that case for
the Riddler trophy I did yeah learn all
kinds of things here where's the gun I
think it's in the other room okay hold
on hold on we need to we need to pay
respects oh yeah
it's on that that wall you see a
straight ahead of you when your first
look in the Red Room rich yeah oh yeah
oh he just stands there until you press
a button
yeah the evidence room is kind of cool
like it has all the sorts of little
trinkets from all the stuff and then you
know when you catch more people you get
the little trinkets okay hold on there
needs these things appeared in the other
games okay so what am I looking for in
here all right well I'm on a big delay
there's a big case with like nothing in
it but one gun and Siki electro
something gun the electro something the
gun electron will grab a fire are they
Quinn professor Pig I just saw you walk
by at the stream now but I know this is
weird delay going on right fireflies god
it's in that room next to the shotgun
let's shack gauntlets are from origins
and the gun next to it was from City and
I believe something the Riddler said
mentioned that it isn't that the
electric gun he said you need you need
something I don't know how to get it
though
electric charge gun it's not on the blue
grouse in the red the red fork down the
little tiny stores yeah you know you do
you punch it you just punch it you punch
it I got it now but that's great to know
cuz I was waiting to get the gun like
through the story I didn't know what I
had to pick it up it's all well it's not
time for that yet
holy fuck all right well you know you've
announced the rulership yeah oh that's
great that's that's what I want to do
this all right let's go try to get the
shots the shot going on right next to
the gun no no oh but all the other glass
has like a like a diamond pattern on it
but this glass the glass I broke didn't
have that pattern on it the gauntlets
are great you get him you get him
charged up through combat and then you
hit you hit
ll3 and r3 in nice bad ass for 20
seconds Harley Quinn stuff no can't get
that either all right all right good
well I got the gun what is that gun dude
don't tell offense is all this time or
they didn't get the gun we didn't know I
didn't know you could yeah I I didn't
know that the game would you know just
let Batman would just walk into a police
station let him just start punching
things in the police to keep in mind
that a lot of this game you do have to
wait until the story tells you you can
use an item right power percept on
generators Anamika scimitar oh great
okay cool do do do do do I am Batman I
certainly didn't break anything in there
that knows you heard I dropped a
Batarang my bad
like you know what I get everything
time I get lost in the police station
there's the exit okay get lost in the
goddamn police station shut up pig hi
where's that officer to interrogate now
damn ass green officer also do we know
why there are police in the lockup
the one guy who murdered somebody in the
beginning of the game remember you start
off first person in the diner then you
get scarecrow sure it's him and the
other guy two guys are just like his
buddies they're keeping him company
oh my god yeah you totally can't
interrogate this guy oh my god
I must have just had a brain fuck you
know what you know it probably happened
I saw him and my same thinking with the
electric gun I'm like well Batman
probably can't just attack this guy who
was a cop the middle in the police
station without consequences
so I something's gonna happen later was
my thinking
I just never bothered the only way we
would know that is if we did that like
the only way we know that if it is
because he's glowing green it's like it
just I I overthought it yeah
no me too me too by the way but yeah you
just go to him and you're like you're
working for Riddler aren't you and he's
like yeah that's kind of lame whatever
all right I'm just thinking you know
there's no way I can get away with this
in a police station I mean they kill
black people just for looking at the
wrong oh god what am I going to do what
I attack what are their own in their
house right um so I got that gun I could
do Riddler stuff I split you know what I
guess I'm think I'm pretty close to
being done with Riddler stuff so I'm
gonna do that
how's my champion of finished Riddler
stuff I love finishing submissions like
fuck the story and out of my car
immediately am I going
hey nice glide okay now we're going
because this is how I prefer to travel
collide my way around the city I am
Batman
Shh
I don't like where this is going one me
gliding around the city and I fucking
love gliding around the city fucking
love it Batman looks moist oh did you
have weird graphical glitches in your
ps4 version the entire beginning of the
game
it was raining indoors for me yeah I did
not have that every time I went in a
building and like I double-checked then
I was recording which I felt really good
about it was raining inside we can talk
about we talk about glitches and the
steam that's great
Oh Rising Sun had that too like it was
just raining inside like I went inside
the clock tower for the first time and
it was just raining all over the clock
tower as I'm talking to Barbara Gordon
that's great yeah
I can't woman nice but they did manage
to get he said he'd only come back to do
The Killing Joke I guess they did do
part of The Killing Joke I don't I'm
sure they just offered him enough cash
sure arson cruisers yes we rich and I
are doing this for our next
it's a prereq out took the art galleries
first so that's why I'm playing tonight
just so I can continue playing and
overall I'm enjoying it spoiler alert
for my review I have many things that I
dislike about it the riddle square late
20th century puzzle cubes
I can't go that way that's fine oh I'm
having weird audio I don't think that
was the idea
well I haven't seen any of this yet so
well sorry for spoiling the puzzle for
it has to be aligned it's fine it's all
fine
hold on Rach I have to have him hacking
okay you just say that you're right you
just admit that you're a hack I'm sorry
is that what happened
yep I mean you and me both I'm hacking
the planet your episode we film I say
it's time to do some hacking
by the way did you did you punch that
one guy in the jail cell
ever you can punch a guy in the jail
cell yeah no that guy the first guy you
interrogate you break his wrist yeah on
your way out of the police station the
first time he says go crews gonna get
you in bed tonight's the day we finish
the bat yeah walk up if you walk up to
his jail cell and hit the punch button
Batman reaches in and bangs his head
against the box then the next time if
you're in the police station then I sent
me on the police station if you go to do
it again Batman fakes a punch and he
just falls down like it yeah I I highly
recommend punching the bars can you find
a way in this be a tricky one come on
no that's not I do it
someone is saying that enigmas password
is master plan no no no special
characters that's totally in character
Riddler's password would be something
that you could potentially figure out
that's the nature of his insanity that's
his whole shtick
yes
well we know we're gonna need that
electric gun or something oh yeah
you know what I already forgot I had
that in my inventory you know you
haven't played city so you might not
know this you see those those things
near the floor with that that kind of
yellow sign with the electric bolt on it
yeah that looks like things from Arkham
City that you could shoot with that gun
oh you sure can okay okay what a point
that I cuz I know you didn't play city
yeah I would never have guessed that
this is interesting
well that's doing something the only
thing that I have to go off of is this
you know this laser that's down there
I'm assuming that hole needs to be in
the spot where the laser is maybe and
these puzzles all involves switching
with Catwoman right Catwoman probably
has to stand on one of those things
while Batman shoots things no cuz we
can't get in you can't get it no if you
go if you go too close the bars come up
and there's no like Oh pounce to ceiling
Oh Kevin can pounce to ceiling it's
probably her way in oh yeah there you go
okay all right Catwoman's in
all right are they going to make a cat
in a Hot Tin Roof joke that I don't
think anyone would get it
it's a sliding puzzle
so does that mean if I go like this yes
okay okay some of the cutest I'm able to
do when I fire the charge
so yeah the laser probably needs to go
into the nante space okay not yet
cattlemen settle the flirt down you
settle down cattlemen settle yo ass
yes Horatio's fall Tiana you are the
only one who hates cattlemen yes you're
the only one so Catwoman steps here and
I'm Batman - shoot - this one good
or nah I can figure this out
maybe so basically I need to I need to
get an empty spot in this one so I can
move them this way so in order to do
that over there okay I can do this I can
do this I know it's up okay no no I
don't I don't know what's up
I might have failed can I believe him
will reset I don't know I might have
failed already so what he wants to know
our thoughts on e3 Jack if only we made
a video do you feel like Athens if only
we made a video detailing our thoughts
on this year's Electronic Entertainment
Expo there was nothing that I thought
was super interesting yeah it wasn't
quite as dull as last year's yeah I'm
out of here Cameron I'm not a big
fallout guy so that didn't blow me away
fallout 4 I've said a lot of people are
happy about that it's fine
doom for people were harping on me for
not loving the doom 4 no I don't think I
ever said I hated it or that I thought
it was going to be terrible I said the
the monster designs look bland as hell
and they do look bland as hell and it's
hard for me to think of it as a doom
game when none of the same people who
made the original doom games are working
on it I mean it might be a fun
first-person shooter but you know judge
has its own thing yeah it didn't it
seemed to lack a lot of the aspects that
made doom doom the hand animations were
really neat they were well this and this
is something that I cut out but the hand
animations almost made that seem fake
like a fake gameplay pre-rendered it
looked pre-rendered I'm looking to see
if there's a way to reset the if you're
gonna if you're gonna make a follow-up
to an in software game you have to be a
bit of a graphical whore about it
because that's what they did
I left the room and came back and it's
oh wait is that's how you read no that's
a baby carriage I left the room and came
back and I was hoping that would reset
the blocks oh but they don't there's no
way I can do this how did they slide
they only sleep they only slide it
towards are they only slide towards the
little generators that you shoot with
the thingy yeah they don't slide away
from it okay
and or maybe they know one cuz I have to
shoot one twice does it one way and then
the other ah there is that's that's my
problem you know it's our one to make
them slide away all right I'm with ya
okay so I think we can do this now so
now if I switch to cattlemen and make
her stand on this block and then Batman
shoots this okay great I don't I don't
like the designs on pretty much anything
I saw in that Dhoom 4 preview and the
weapons all looked extremely weird yeah
I mean say what you will about Dhoom 3 I
loved the like the revenant just compare
the revenant and do freedom for what's
the revenue the the skeleton monster
with a rocket launcher on his shoulders
okay I love the doom 3 revenant
alright one I think looks stupid the
guns I think they look kind of stupid
was and animations
I think the environments all looked
really bland
yeah the enemy design is really bland
with it oh you know the walls and
whatnot too cuz they they they showcase
that that modular design thing which
might be neat for quickly and easily
making your own level
but for designing a game that looks
interesting I don't know if that's quite
as handy like in Doom 3 I could tell the
difference between a a soldier and an
imp
everything looked like a brown blob yes
yes it did
yes it did okay Calvin
I mean I'm still curious enough I'll
check it out when it's released you know
sure but it's I'm mostly gonna be
checking it out because it's got the
doom name on it yeah it could be fun I
might be cheating by jumping up on the
ceiling here by the way but I don't know
how like I think you're supposed to stay
on the floor and just like da tops the
buzzsaws whatever dirty trick works Jack
I mean I'm just saying it seems like
it's almost too easy to mean just
standing up here while the buzz saws go
back and forth whatever dirty trick
works
was there any way other way around this
assault yeah I think I'm supposed to
like dodge them button button fucking
this is what's working for me relentless
42 I'm not necessarily talking about
about colors I'm just talking about art
design I think my design of the guns and
the monsters and the walls and the floor
layouts look better in doom 3 than they
do in doom 4 that's not that's not
saying anything about gameplay or color
palette monster design yeah very
different though they were kind of
browning well you know I guess to be
fair color pellet has something to do
with monster design yeah to be fair okay
no come on down Carolyn oh oh you're not
supposed to be able to climb on that
nope nope can't woman cheated the system
it's fine I mean I think like the
revenant stands out most to me she does
I think the doom for revenant looks like
weird and bug-eyed and and the doom 3
revenant just look fucking awesome the
best looking monster in that game mm-hmm
hey man Batman get out of here
what else was at e3 last Guardian okay
I'm sure it's gonna be great I imagine I
imagine I'll get old quick bossing them
that animal around but I know people
love those games hmm I'm sure there's
gonna be plenty of wonderful art going
on
yep some beautiful art also no man's sky
which I'm still interested in but I am
very worried about variety now as he
should be as you should be
but new horizons sleep
yeah the horizon were a robot dinosaurs
yeah robot dinosaurs animals yeah we're
about animals Sam that looks like it's
gonna be really fun so what am I
not made you're supposed to and what can
I leave now
these things to be done I know people
were bitching that we didn't watch the
ace press conference jeez I'm not
interested with anything those
motherfuckers are doing right though
somebody had a point that we probably
could have mocked them and you know
maybe we did miss out on that in
hindsight sure that's true we could have
we could have made fun of them yeah I'm
curious I didn't watch it so I don't
know I don't know what kind of anti
gamer policies they're enacting this
year that they're trying to spin as
positive things but I'm sure they were
obnoxious about it
what are we waiting for okay looks like
we have a couple more Riddler I'm still
waiting for them to enact their
revolutionary post purchase charge
well yeah access now now with EA all of
the games you bought in the past you
have to boy them again and it's such a
tragedy you go save the day and I'll
make sure Bruce Wayne locked its doors
I'm out of here peace bitches can't just
be Catwoman now no battle battle front
looks good Justice Beast oh my god rich
it looks like Star Wars I hate to watch
the screen see what happens here I don't
want to spoil oh you're not looking okay
all right there's no oh no not it's not
a puzzle I don't care okay well then
don't then don't watch don't watch
which huh is it a glitch no it's not a
good don't watch if you don't want to
see play through the game it's something
you will see and it's something I'm
going I'm sorry jack it's something that
I like storyline too much though to
spoil it it's something that I'm gonna
have to mock I tell you what you mock
I'm gonna go for five minutes
stand up straight okay really really we
got you know we got here I got it we got
a fucking mech suit like
fucking lame is that how Oh God rich you
got to mute your mic yeah we'll turn
that down
let's turn rich down for a little bit
she's the same this is nygma has a
problem in this in this game he's he's
supposed to be doing puzzles and he does
racecar tracks and now Maxie okay rich
is still like Howie
this is beneath me you are beneath me
you want to finish this detective then
you must earn the privilege solve every
last riddle that suit that mech suit was
made out of transform iam oh thank you
doctor vector rich I turned your mic
down for a while huh been laying down
for awhile everything got all tighter
something wrong here I need when we're
done with this I need to take a walk
around the block just to just to loosen
my muscles yeah yeah all right well
we're done with that section we're out
of here I'm being Catlin for the rest of
the game so wait wait wait yeah you done
with the Riddler shit yep okay I can
look at the screen you can you can look
at the screen try not maybe don't look
at the chat for a little bit I caught a
glimpse saw a glowing energy ball yeah
the shoe ting boots
uh-huh I'm assuming that was a real
fight I know kind of kind of Catwoman
free no no
Catwoman is free now is that storyline
done can you finish the Riddler
storyline then without no you have to so
in order to complete the Riddler
storyline you need to solve all the
riddles in the city okay but you can't
free cat yes Catwoman is now free yes so
I get a little bit because I'm not gonna
go and do all the puzzles I want to see
all of the storyline stuff but I hate
collecting all of the Riddler shit cuz
my least favorite things in the games is
the tedious fish quest yeah collect all
of the 800 things
yep well at least like I counted out so
I feel good about that
but that's you know now it's not a
hundred percent Riddler is not a hundred
percent because you need to solve all
the riddles yeah what do we got here we
got man bad floating around and we got
like I want to find man bad and I wanna
I have yet to find another did you get
to Israel yet just the first time
yeah me too and I haven't been able to
find another Ezreal which really bothers
me I haven't really and I've been
looking that's why it's been bothering
me I've really been looking let's go
okay I'm wandering I'm ever going to be
able to pull off or no death run of this
with some of those Riddler races oh
those are nasty no in the Batmobile
handles like ass so my guess is no
handles final contact that last race is
not good oh I think it handles like
button if it feels slippery you got you
gather that you got to that spin turn
that hold hold square turn yeah helps
helps o+ did you go through the while
your player speed along you could hit X
like slide over without turning yeah oh
yeah like the Dodge maneuver yeah and
that's that's actually kind of nice now
you know you not not just for dodging
okay oh wait there's a drone I can take
out and I'm gonna do it if you take out
the drones the police helicopters come
back and then now they give you like
hints that helps you find all the stuff
oh oh wait please helicopters help you
find the side course not yeah yeah
they'll they'll like if you little
warnings like Oh 1032 there's a roof
somewhere I'll show you you can you
could like hook on to a police
helicopter and they'll give you a hint
no no they'll say it like over the radio
they'll say it over the radio and then I
get a point you in the direction of
