Episode 166
The Nightmare CORNoperative
August 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij_h1etCxXQ
___________________________________________

ah okay
where's he's gonna take a little break
long for the sweet release of death but
the the break of sweet really sit down
we're back now I'm gonna play the
nightmare cooperative because I think I
think it's like I thought it was a
grid-based movement thing use the arrow
keys to move but I am the controller
plugged in okay there might be a menu
option to switch it over sure bumping
into a monster will hurt them but also
hurt you I hope that didn't work right
first well done the stairs will take you
to the next stages now going back be
aware of your health you can see your
current status to the right move towards
the monster won't and well get to the
point potion potion instead you've
gained the ability press spacebar to use
it pushing great
if you see a friend bumped to recruit
them into the co-operative chess
contained goal but we'll also spawn more
monsters so bump that doesn't look like
a monster how it turned into one
oh and so then like we said they move
when you both yeah kind of thing oh she
used a space worm he had a potion oh
well this is why I'm not very good
yeah track what happened I don't have to
like click on him first I don't know now
I can spacebar changes Oh
the potion gives us both okay I had to
be next to
huh
okay great very interesting weird very
weird and don't think that's a good idea
what that hasn't no no I'm not planning
on going to the acid OH
anyway Oh Mike and he's kind of work do
it what happens it wasn't very helpful
was it yeah that's fine yeah are you
gonna work back where you were and go to
the stairs do you have to go all the
monsters I think you have to kill all
the monsters give these treasure chests
what if you can't get them I want to
kill this monster then yeah I can do
this you're crazy man how look at you've
done oh my god I got some treasure
though yeah oh okay they went into the
acid I'm gonna try to go am I trying to
go to these stairs that's a good idea
how much was this it looks kind of
interesting I got it on Steam sale I
like I got it very I got it for very
cheap this is one of my Steam sale
pickups yeah and so then every time you
move all the monsters move okay so wait
on the air guy
I already got it then the monsters don't
attack sleeping friends and it looks
like the monsters move in a predictable
pattern what's the pattern like look
like this monster only goes back and
forth okay
so if I just keep doing this watch out
for those pink things I'm assuming being
in that beam of light purple light is
not a good thing
probably not
while this heart potion is down there
too seems dangerous seems too dangerous
I'm getting out of here oh wait no might
have a teleporting guy yep you should
have shot the Carol thing you had an
option to my god that was quick wow that
was really quick I'm testing the waters
here I know I'm still amused at how many
guys I lost yeah just testing the old
waters just teeth oh you know have
vampire teeth oh and enough potions to
choke a horse was like playing the bard
and crypt of the necrodancer yeah
it's gonna invite more monsters to the
party
oops nope Oh oh well I'm waiting you
know I'm timing it with the boxes I
don't get hit by the boxes well seems
neat yeah I am kind of digging Oh
diagonal Oh major tax diagonally at
distance only council members to join
the old-fashioned oh oh
you got trick these guys into that going
into the acid nope go into the other
soon firmly random to me the other ones
weren't how do I get rid of those spy
keys now he'll heal themself maybe you
don't get rid of spy keys
and warrior hits monsters twice fights
instinctively overcoming reservations
about the ways another castle okay I
don't need I don't need this backstory
of course you don't all the snails only
move every other turn I need some hearts
no need some not dead I need some not
bad let's see this seemed yes as soon as
I heard about it I was like you know Who
am I like this that rich Evans Oh
reflect oh I won't burn what we do it's
just this is the first level yeah I
guess it's random then Oh might be you
know what it just might be it just might
be random
nice
noise
you can grab my phone so I can read the
jet riches move to the couch so by the
chat I'm doing my contortionist
impression right now yeah how do I do
homie
okay hey this this isn't even Wednesday
by the way yes I've been to Canada I
have some family again I'm sorry
leftover beefcake I know you were hoping
this would be a police quest 2 i thought
this more like i thought this was gonna
be a little more like an ex-con or like
a invisible ink where you had to like
choose your movement grid style but i
get it i get what's going on here
Jackie did better than I did
oh yeah well that was pure it was pure
dumb luck rich pure dumb luck oh yeah so
characters and and it's so it is a
procedurally generated
I don't give it a chance yeah yeah we're
giving OU my god you can pick up enemies
and throw them oh I'm terrible of this
that's all right that's all right I
think you think it through
think it through we're giving it a
chance the music's a little weird I'll
try I feel about the music yeah I
haven't played massive jealous what is
massive chalice it's a double flying
game isn't massive chalice I believe it
is I don't exactly know but what is
massive chalice doohickey Oh God
kid I had a dear rich
Oh God Richard dear ninjas dang
oh shit there's a monster up there don't
kill you ninja massive chalice is sort
of XCOM fine sort of that's the quit
massive chalice is XCOM combat plus a
family lineage in mechanic's know in
place of base management mmm interesting
yeah by the way yes the Rising Sun I am
also getting a big iPhone game vibe off
of this game this this could easily be
an iPhone game you know swipe a
direction over again how do you dye an
acid oh my god how do you what how do I
get past there without bumping into
something I don't know that could be the
the do you not if you press replay you
don't go back to the start like it okay
it's medieval horn
yeah this is like this guy I could see
this I almost wish this was on my iPhone
I could see playing this like on my iPad
swiping to move characters Oh God oh you
dick you dick monster Steve Jackson's
sorcery is that an iPhone game you saw a
video of rich five minutes ago
discussing Star Wars prequels and he was
like four years old I don't think you
have your timeline correct
ooh a staff thingy
if you move it
the guy and the white can hit diagonally
oh he can hit diagonally the guy in the
white isn't that the cleric I don't know
what is he doing
what's his superpower
he's my heels oh okay oh I thought I
thought he was oh you know what this is
the guy in the white who has the cross
can hit diagonally
future Jack fucking with the timeline
some more exactly how are you talking
about what is that other video with you
talking about Star Wars people talk
about Star Wars it's something like that
yeah yeah I've just I've seen that I
didn't actually see that all I've seen
is like the thumbnail and yeah it's
weird
rich looked different when he was
younger an old man then it's kind of
it's almost like when people age they
look a little different oh I so miss not
having problems like when you were
younger yes
yeah it's kind of like necrodancer with
these it's like necrodancer without the
animation or music or fun yeah it's
interesting it's you know it's uh you
know I want to say I want to say I got
this on a steam sale for like under two
bucks so I'm gonna be ok with that
purchase right like where the the the
thing is glowing I don't I don't even
know how I knew that this works play
necrodancer right
it's entry like I could see where they
were going with this I don't know if it
quite works but you know also we've only
been playing for 20 minutes so we don't
know the mad strats yet for the
nightmare cooperative gotta get them mad
strats nice gold shreds what happened to
the other guy they can kill him while
they're sleeping oh no you got a good
one I think
no okay
for this hmm about ready to switch back
over Tex come do you
so what Oh to me yeah once here once
you're ready I'll give it another chance
I'm sorry doohickey I know this might be
kind of boring to watch the music is
boring as shit I'll tell you how they
won I don't think we're gonna be doing
this all night no we're gonna give it
you know what we're gonna try to give
this a fair shake see if we can figure
it out
hi maybe he's the diagonal guy yeah he's
the diagonal guy he's the diagonal
hitting man lovely planet was insane
dong Ali I have lovely planet if we want
to mess with riches perception of
reality I don't know
lovely planet is an insane first-person
shooter
it's like a first person shooter
platformer where you have to make it
through every level without getting hit
once but it's all like cutesy animations
and like you shoot hearts out of a bow
and arrow looking gun it's it's weird
it's very strange it's a very very
strange lovely planet Lonely Planet I
forget that it made me it broke my brain
a little bit so you might you might I
don't know you know rich needs a mouse
to play a first-person shooter I do and
we're not necessarily set up for a good
Mouse gameplay right now not necessarily
you mean not at all yeah you have to
shoot squares but then there's also like
friendly squares with like happy faces
that you can't you it's insane
oh shit
yeah I think this is like right now
what's happening like this what looks
interesting where you know you kind of
have to plan out your next move and you
get time to to figure things out a
little turn base is nice
oh here you get into the ice level I got
to the ice levels you're doing it rich
you're doing it rich have you ever
played dead space no no i know the
robostir oh boy
this game is interesting interesting is
not necessarily positive or negative it
is just a feeling and if this game is
that doesn't mean it's good or bad or
anything
rich is losing it yes rich is losing it
a little bit
this game is hurting rich I know I know
it's not the game the game I think is
not helping the situation following one
nice nice rich
so what else were you guys playing
before this we average was playing some
ex-con before this and lost
spectacularly so it's time to play
something new something new it's I think
it's fun every once in a while I play
something new that's it okay you know we
try rich made it farther than I did it
took you one turn well you know that was
a lot of dumb luck that was a lot of
dumb luck now I kind of have a kind of
know what I'm doing
so Genesis sounds as horrible as I
thought it would be yes yes it does
yes yes it does what do you bother
trying to kill the monsters Jack Ryan
and I just should go for the careful
oh damn it I lost one already
how about that Batman I hear he's a dark
knight or something here he's a tank
expert shotgun specialist get out of
here
Goomba so can the wizard not attack
unless his diagonal the wizard could
well you know he can do a straight-up
tack but then he loses a heart diagonal
he can strike without action without
losing anything
you don't get it
not tonight I'm worried this is gonna be
the rest of my damn life that's what I
worry about no it won't be the rescue
down dad definitely not the rest of your
life you know it's most likely it's
going to be tricky recovery is that you
know it might take some doing as far as
recovery is concerned but definitely not
the rest of your life there how do I
know this I don't yeah yeah making wild
guesses and accusations but people o
people have gotten better from worse I
think I see a doctor in two days and
he'll tell me you're fucked no no you
definitely once I've had
he won't say you're fucked I'll be like
these are the things you need to do this
is about how long I think you're gonna
say now here's some drugs booty to to to
to to to drugs to to to a while to drugs
check okay well then I don't know party
over here drugs buddy over there drugs
the last thing I need to be as dr. house
jug's drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs
drugs drugs I don't like these guys oh
they go they kind of follow me well
let's go up yeah nice stuck okay I'm
feeling it want that Archer back
damnit let's take out the edge a nope
and all day
I find that make it he's good he's gonna
say you need to come back in a week for
tests that's what he's gonna say the
doctor yeah
and then those tests are gonna be
inconclusive I say well you need to do
more tests no he might do some tests he
might draw some blood he might he might
want like cats again you know what if he
suggests like a he's like oh here's like
a massage therapist and they're gonna
what they're gonna do is hit your back
with hammers but then you know might
hurt but it'll feel good it works I
don't give a shit like I did my back
with hammers as long as it works it
already feels like I'm being hit with
hammers right it's actually feels like
I'm being stabbed I'll take the hammers
yeah it might be just one of those
things where we had some crazy ideas
it's gonna be everything I already know
it is lose weight they start doing these
exercises yeah stretch and you'll have
to do with this once every six months
no like I think that's the thing is like
once once you can get this cleared up
then you know continue with the
stretching and the weight lossing that
would be marvelous news and then you
know like it could it could just be a
thing that goes away when that'd be
great
almost last year what I had this last
year right
it's my plan yeah my plan is to get
everyone out actually seems like a good
plan how did you get to those ones that
are kind of like buried in the wall I
don't think you can I think that's just
like procedural generation you know like
oh my god I kicked the mic
okay well took a hit but that's fine
right yeah you just think that's like
the the the problem with procedural
generation sometimes that happens or
maybe one of your characters can move
bricks I don't know I don't know I don't
shit about shit
haha alright we have full potion we got
full hearts I'm feeling I'm feeling like
I'm understand in this game I don't know
if I'm ever gonna play it again but feel
the exact same way
I got that crown though I got that crown
though
what oh oh I still have a dude down
there
everything's fine can you guys stop
playing this right now please
this makes reading more interesting haha
first of all reading is very interesting
and you should not be so harsh on
reading secondly you know this is just
what we're playing right now I'm sorry
that you find it boring but we try to
play new games on the show you know we
can't it can't all be ex comes and FTL's
and Binding of Isaac's no matter how
much rich and I want that because we it
would be it would be 100%
XCOM FTL binding of issac alright now
we're getting into some strategy we got
four people in motion in their first
wizard in the exit yeah buzz totally
doable yeah but I want to get that
wizard I want to see if I can get that
wizard to the heart and I can with
I have to do that there's a calculated
risk right twice right up twice then you
get the warrior woman in got greedy yeah
I got greedy it worked out well
Oh slippery levels crap whatever it's
gonna it's gonna have to be fine no I
got to it's not fine I got to out oh
look and there they are waiting for me
so I guess it worked out and
everything's coming up millhouse it's
coming up something
here we go
this is interesting guys this is this is
a very different kind of game I'm not
sure if I'm gonna call it good but it
has my attention at least it definitely
has my attention all really all I am
trying to do now is like not hit
treasures you know yeah and I don't know
if that's a good thing or not I have no
idea I don't know what any of these
things do but I can tell you this only
specific characters can get specific
pick up items really yeah like the
archer was not able to pick up that blue
thing that would explain why I had
trouble picking up the pendant thing and
the blue thing with the wizard mm-hmm
shit shit
shit oh shit
I think you should destroy that ice
thing I was you know there's too many of
us in there that I was maneuvering I
didn't know the ice thing did that okay
get out of here get out of here
shit oh my god that thing's huge luckily
I had my warrior she's good at killing
things change she is good at the count
things she's so good at killing things
we needed to kill that you know that run
away no I have two potions it's fine in
fact I kind of want to be trapped here
oh I did well I don't want to go up to
you shit I wasn't knock you back you
just fuck temple
pretty no there we go pretty fucked but
over there are no more monsters whatever
we're gonna be fine with that or not
shit shit soo-ji for the chest huh see
what'd you get for the chest
up down Oh we're still okay man oh I'm
out of a lot of magic goop
oh did I get people huh
yeah you got to Mon you got a wizard an
archer oh well there we go there's a
noble effort this is the farthest we've
made it we're out of the ice levels oh
my god when does something that looks
just like the earlier levels
yeah well that guy's dead Oh what what
teleporter what what those guys
obviously switch your places I noticed
that about those guys stop it stop it
all right now we can stop playing this
great I feel I feel good about that one
I don't know what any of that did there
does I unlocked something so that's
great you made it to tech world one
there you go
I mean something it was yeah it was just
the next level nothing that was nothing
alright well that was that that was that
what else we got what else we got yeah
that's makeup stream too early I go at
least what's I don't know it's ten
o'clock oh yeah they would feel are you
okay okay well let's let's find another
game to play yeah because yeah I can't
play anymore that I I would love that on
my iphone that would be a great bathroom
time killer that would be a great
bathroom time killer so let's um let's
exit see what else I have here let's see
what I have um deck on tap oh that's
right this is your computer
this is my computer everything is
different all different all amazing it's
all different all amazing all new
