Episode 167
Hand of CORN
August 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLkHP6sEhFA
___________________________________________

play it you guys probably want to see
what's happening oh yeah that would be
nice I think I think you guys would want
to see what's happening here get in
there and boom sorry about that everyone
sorry about that they go sear oh fuck
sorry that was my god keyboard fell off
my lap everything's terrible good ok
jack is prohibited from picking future
games listen this I had it downloaded
already I probably wouldn't pick this
myself we shall might have had
downloaded you know we're very sorry
we're very sorry if you're not into it
but this is what we're plan plan to fail
what's wrong we had a favor really like
Santa Fe it's okay
we don't have Skyrim so we can't play
Skyrim and it's like if we play if we
wanted to play Skyrim it would have
taken all night to download Kevin yeah
hand of fate is comfy we've been in a
Batman mood so it's like wanna place a
man to fade if you're playing Batman you
know it's telling that Arkham Knight
would leave you in the mood for more
Batman because they're so very little of
the Arkham gameplay in there boom sick
burn lava golem lava golem but you chose
this over murder miners yeah again we're
waiting for rich to fit feel a little
bit better before because I think he
would really like murder miners to your
eye like this on a while yep can't you
can't block the rivers right right yeah
red ones you just have to go a lot
Oh God yeah rich you might want to go
back system of the earlier stuff like
just do an Endless mode just so you can
start easier nice color be or why in
this countr Y B is Dodrill okay dung ali
says i'm replaying arkham city all over
again on the hardest difficulty just for
the fries fight yeah yeah I have arkham
city 2 i'm excited to play it i think
i'm gonna try to finish asylum first
though freeze fight makes that game
worth everything yeah it's good to begin
with bye mija mana that is such a great
segment yeah I'm really uh I'm really
I'm really in a Batman II kind of combat
mood that's the other thing like I could
have just picked Batman to play again
but then of course the stream would have
crashed and we would have lost power in
the building because that's what happens
when you try to play Batman
ok that's ok dak into Bay it's okay if
you are judgmental over our decisions
and that's fine you have a right to be
judgment not a lot of fans of hands of
fate huh oh no no it's just this deck in
back is that is the one who is a SAS
talking us about how to fit everyone
else is fine hey everyone else is fine
I've got a skull shadow of Mordor is
like an arkham game with murder yeah
that's what they're saying is it that
like do you get this kind of combat is
that off nor the race thing yeah yeah
shadow more doors water wings game the
universe yeah yeah I'm not a fan of that
kind of ultra generic fantasy sure the
the elves dungeon dragon dungeons
dragons fantasy yeah I'm with you I'm
with you
I've got the guardian oh and rich
they're saying shadow of mordor has
Markham combat a little extra dad might
make me want to give it a shot now that
I have figured out our combatant to do
and you guys know how long it took me to
get to figure out Arkham combat shadow
of Mordor was originally a batman games
hmm look into it we will look into it
finally after the undead into true love
death more lizard men than you usually
seen together
richwood the gameplay because enough
together today well let if it's Cena we
we enjoy we enjoy our come come bat huge
success sweet nice six Lizard Men
it's fine you know what guys I'm gonna
look into that shadow of mordor I'm
gonna look into that streaming is going
to be a little weird for the next in a
week or so while Rich's back is fixed
hope it's hope it's just I can't take I
just want to sit the fuck down okay I'm
not even asking for mush I right sip my
dream of life is just like but use my
chair yeah and so will be will be
streaming a lot my plan is to stream a
lot from like the wii u and ps4 into my
laptop because that's easier to bring in
today i had to bring in the big computer
because of x comma so it is change
shadow of mordor is shadow mortar on ps4
or is that a PCM
I don't want to stream through the ps4
as I really hate that I hate that little
like record now
and
how it is on the ps4 great thank you the
master it's on everything yeah i'll pick
i'll see if i can pick up a copy i'll
see if i can pick up a copy and we can
do that maybe next week
ooh and exclusive ps4 DLC well then I'm
so hopeful because the last time I got
exclusive ps4 DLC that went over so well
fuckers yeah you fuckers welcome to the
modern business a game in town
bottom gaming where everything is costs
extra everything cousin Larry goes
looking for we say extras we met costs
extra so in the game I press a couple
buttons to fight bad guys but if you
wanted to pay fifty cents more you can
use the shoulder buttons yeah but every
time you use them and cost you a penny
but it's just a penny a press micro
microtransactions yes we did talk about
how horrible the Arkham Knight dlc was
in our review in fact we don't get to
the actual game until about ten minutes
into the review the first 10 minutes is
all about the broken pc version in the
dlc I'm sorry oh yeah
right plague of grapes why play shadow
of mordor when you could purchase $52
phone games off of steams that you won't
enjoy yes I'm with food try to play new
things and sometimes the little games
work and sometimes it don't berrima
knife oh i have dlc quest i think i have
dlc quest ya know there's a bunch of
little games that i want to play
terrible things living caves are you
shoe I did not like the 30 you know what
the 30 minutes of Harley Quinn dlc was
there are some cute things about that
that's a if that was it like it'd be
fine but then the 10 minutes of Red Hood
DLC three stages of Red Hood that's
unacceptable as far as I'm concerned it
has been too long on exit not double I
want to know what lies beyond that door
yet I will not go easily
oh the dealer that is one of my forgot
how great he is
ah the dealer are you returning it are
you keeping it you lose a lot use half
half your health that shields pretty
great though yeah yeah
naw Kham I'll so wait to go into
inventory it is probably yeah yeah
probably
so said the deal see for this game you
know what I think it does i didn't buy
it but i think i think i might have it
might have glitched back when you choose
your cards is where the dlc comes into
play like there's like there's another
deck of car you know like here is the
encounter deck and the equipment deck
and there's another deck and that's what
the dlc was for this game get over here
yep oh you do have them equipped you
have both the sword in the show oh oh my
god press the left bumper whatever that
says try not to die which come I that
did oh he's every time he hits he takes
your food and your gold
oh Jesus I was terrible the DLC wasn't
free in this game it was like five bucks
I doubt you bleached it or is there more
DLC
oh you get a blessing card if you return
it that's nice any of these mass things
are too good for the likes of you at man
well that's okay that just takes
abandoning sacrifices can be men but
that's for not runs true ties down I
wish I knew Jack cult leader standing
before an agent alter the romance a
blood sacrifice from you now refuse you
don't have the blood to give you only
have 20 oh yeah yeah
hi yeah okay there's one free DLC and
one that's five dollars for the game so
I got the free DLC any of them available
on GOG is the question does do do not do
DLC I heard they weren't doing it just
for this game they weren't they weren't
doing it okay another change their minds
of computers
Oh
I hate though that's the part of them i
hit the most as those lines on the floor
then I let you down to one health if you
get hit like it takes your food and go
he'll see that no that was like it was a
ring you have on I think oh it's a nice
ring King's room
just makes you lose all your food and
gold well brother dying that's true
Tiberius Kirk you never did get my
thoughts on the heat death of the
universe I I just don't care about I
don't care it will not affect me nor my
children or my grandchildren nor my
great-grandchildren so I just don't care
there are more important things for me
to worry about right now are there jack
yeah other really yes at this very
moment I need to pick up a copy of the
shadow of mordor for example in the
grand scheme of things what is more
important than the heat death of the
universe well that's the thing though
like you can't be concerned with the
grand scheme of things you got to be
worried day-to-day shit yeah then you
come make a couple five years shit that
you worry about but he can't be worried
about the grand grand scheme of things
off steam bad was a lot of health yeah a
lot of permanent help a lot of muscles
that's good rumi actually ask themselves
I was something else Gemma for the truth
hunting for the truth founder of truth
that would be so easy Oh dong le that
would be great feeds you imagine a
larger FTL experience like controlling
an entire fleet with different classes
of ships what does that idea it's just
what he won't i refuse to plane such
that would be great wouldn't have a
personal touch of ordering a cruel and
you will that's your tough fee also it
sounds like you should play Master of
Orion hahaha play Master of Orion to I
think that sounds like what you're
looking forward to some degree mm-hmm no
I can't believe you any food
I need all my food desert off the jab if
I got a whole but it I'm garish it I'll
give no fucks fuck it fuck it no
language him says he's making that game
right now we'll hurry the fuck up Oh
double failure double failure you need
more food I think my love is hot your
love is lovely you don't get no gold I
know you have to sell some shit yeah
shit house shit fucking happens yeah
that's true rich shit fucking happy all
yo y'all sure it happens y'all it
happens all the gosh dang time she
promised all your shield fucking joke
yes of course that's a ticket
you know what most likely but I I know
that song needs to go up on YouTube and
Jay and I will do something we'll make
some sort of video for that song will
make it available for downloads and the
videos and whatnot but we're we were
busy we're busy with other stuff we will
do something with our lovers in love as
a standalone song and and a youtube
music video of some sort I expect this
will come as a welcome surprise food
wagon
oh man rich stealer of food yeah like
Jess stealer of food well yeah that's
what we're busy with of a busy with
space cop stuff a lot of effects a lot
of effects in space cup
nice yeah maiden that's a lucky draw
a horse is a fine companion I'm sure
you'll leave this one in time you do not
seem to have the temperament your
friends even in the animal there is it i
mean cinnamon there might be more people
than me and rich tomorrow for nintendo
games there might not be just one of
those things we make no guarantees we'll
put it out there see if anyone else
wants to play some Nintendo games
o gold game that's helpful nice
I'm sure you agree nice not in shop
yes lots and lots of effects in space
count you'll see some of them eventually
there are some effects that Jay has
cleared me to stream my after effects
work on the gods look and as we get you
know closer and closer to the finish
line I'll just need to work on it more
and more so later on i'll be streaming
my after effects in of space cow so it
gets sunny previews exclusive sneak
previews in you know second and a half
bytes of space got a little damage
unless you can find more food of what oh
the land lock lover
sorry this is a DLC card based on that
funky ass token good day hey not talking
hey nice yeah you'll get some sneak
previews they won't be very exciting
sneak previews but I cannot break the
rules in your favor any more than in my
own
you know what Len flat black izinski
I've never I still have not seen the
wolf of Wall Street did you see the
little was good yeah I'm sure it's good
Marty Scorsese leo dekap Karen wanted to
see it I didn't want to because I know
like Leonardo DiCaprio oh yeah she was
she was totally right no no I'm sure I
would enjoy it but you know never got
around to it parently
King employers or so that's all new to
me know what's down jack never fought
the king of play no I Oh keep fighting
just keep fighting
yes oh fuck off god I'd be so fucked
without that ring yeah
life
shut up dealer just died oh my god can
you do it oh my god eight gold left our
hitch no food no food oh fuck Jesus
selling food
you have food you don't need to steal
food and it more
is space cop going the way of our LMS
chinese democracy that's very funny ah
no the the answer is no
oh I want go away oh well noble traitor
pingdom ba-ba-ba-ba-bom well great I'm
very letter guys I'm glad I'm glad you
got your chuckle out my built palaces a
convoluted maze that few will ever reach
the end all we can be one of them
jae-won said he spent six hours 43
seconds of a space cop special effect
yeah it takes a while it takes a fucking
while for special effects oh oh that was
convenient that's really convenient hey
what do you get for that again nice
woman yeah Battlehammer nice this is you
fuck yeah oh how you can see him Toria
the other button select not start I
guess got to be out of the screen ok
yeah the other buttons that's already
already loaded up oh they knew they knew
you want that fucking hammer how
unpleasant how unpleasant what must an
exhibition Oh press on fuck it man you
got that hammer nothing matters anymore
you are my gosh fuck no no it ends yeah
what they're just rich rich is losing it
I am yeah
we already looked better than Axl Rose
settle down John kilo
hey don't know space captain's is going
fine I'm sure just you know small crew
small team a lot of work high hopes for
the space cops the cops in space
haha
loved it loved it nicely done nicely
done
hey aria damn our livings day your third
law from undead enemies is reflected
back against them thankfully there exist
many tools there if you can find them
yeah that's friggin Bongo Doug I think
Jay did say that he was going to make
VHS caucus is basically if I hope he
does injury ah ooh lightning crash
that's a nice one I know do you guys
hear how crippled rich Evans's play
through the pain he's gonna do it
oh my god I'll take it not you fight him
off he runs away yeah oh I hate these
oh just people are talking about the
exclusive space cop VHS is that Jay will
probably make Oh probably look for
something
nice
ah
Nick probably fast enough to run through
all that shit that's Tom oh nice I got
Tom blessings yeah that's great flow of
40 gold too nice I think the ring of
reward gives you like you pick to you
know pick two cards instead of one and
choose one I want that one
traveling he'll are nice and all the
gold to heal up you're gonna do a rich
yeah yeah so you say the biggest enemy
is my pack I'm sure you are grateful for
that worked out perfectly
haha space cops screenplay you assume
they wrote anything down come get it
shits get I'm so the end but there is
there it is rich yeah yeah it's perfect
timing by the way to fully heal I should
have sold all my editor shit oh well I
mean there's no way you could have known
yeah yeah ah fuck you you leg of evil
oh no oh no all right bad start get it
back remember you have your lightning
blowback thing so head first this sucks
you know fuck
Oh
doing it
no George
look
nice
let's get some breathing room yeah
this
oh nice hope
so nice
they not dying to the cables me haven't
you been killing them oh yeah this is 90
they're saying kill the king yeah I wish
I knew that earlier we just got a lot of
fun time haven't I yeah tell you learn
too late
that's all right
wow I didn't know
I think I could I must have killed him
by accident when I far it's been a while
since I files on yeah
nice oh you did
Oh
nice rich wait to be fair I would have
been fucked long to go without that
magic ring ha ha ha hey them's the
breaks has nice one UPI was a nice one
the game is done do not think that this
means you are beyond judgment you have
not won your life no one more tremaine's
the dagger is a symbol of the intellects
ability to cut through the ties that
bind us my intellect built this entire
framework from the barest masses you
dare take it
lots of stuff yes very nice there is
nothing left but your final challenge
you take him on why not we're good OMG I
was it not just the boss fight wow I
hope so but it would just be the boss
fight I thought it was just the boss
yeah yeah so you have to make it all the
way to the dealer yeah so it's these
middle ones that are the new stuff you
face me the rules change yet again did
you add stuff to the deck I just did the
default everyone I'm not in any mood oh
fuck
rich is hoping for death in the game I
actually am Jack do you want to take
over sure here you take over you are so
close to victory really it's possible I
have fought against this day for so long
that's an excessive card by whose
judgment spring counter the player may
choose to discard randomly on my scars
and dry again now I was nice
local peasant I don't give a fuck about
your local peasant she was decent stuff
doesn't she or am I wrong about that
give you knowledge of the area but you
don't really need access analysis mall
here's some food Oh a gloves card ok I
don't have any gloves nice that's
something increase the movement speed I
that's cool I'll take that under
materials twisted Canyon forest escape
ok cool
I don't need to do
what is this again I forget I forget all
these things
request food sure yeah fine yeah they
get my own
much food have whatever you have one
food for that Jack I mean I lost 18
golden I'm fine I'll be fine with that
might get a better weapon down there
I'll take it I've got you probably both
oh snap for shame cards isn't Maxwell
out uh i'm axel one food well there goes
that food I got Jesus I'm getting out of
here I'm getting out of here sorry
that's all right way through the woods
and see what lies beyond
alright i hope that is the curse that
Enzo quest attacks from the players
weapons do less damage what o.o if so
I'm just weaker now grey wool Millie
pieces upon the bull fuckin grand the
cycle repeats so I I get the magic ring
yeah when you get done I get my five
pain cards please and weaker weapons
yeah I get shit I'm just I get a big
barrel it's not fair jack it's random
you know it's just it really isn't fair
no but life isn't fair that's also true
that's mostly true
take a success I'll take a blessing card
let's see that's the best one of the
game yeah yeah may return the card and
draw another after shuffling to get like
a huge failure you can try again nice
great I'll take that ah oh oh the king
is dead Richard rishav Arab a kingdom
ruins the print still wonders the world
for shadows and
lost my arm gets me some gold opening
run into a ship that's my call I'm sure
you were Greek food for that and a
decent decent golf games Devil's
Carnival oh I'm glad I did not go that
way Devil's Carnival was there across
the ocean I hate the devil's carnival I
fucking hate the devil's cannibal it's
pretty bad I appreciate those tokens on
the board that aren't you now I have no
idea who the challenge are there showing
cards that have a token you haven't
gotten yet that could be metal or nice
great it's kind of wacky feel sleepy yes
I don't like it wait see what the bird
does picture up carries your way oh yay
I've managed to find the position which
is awkward yet relatively pain-free ok
so this is this is like this is a
quality thing that has happened good oh
my guess I'm over here now I guess I'm
over here now that's fine a lot of food
to out oh my god well that's okay I'm
every age I must be relieved just see
what you got item wise medium armor the
fleet cuffs
every kill earns the player a stackable
speed and damage boosts taking any
damage resets that Louis look at the
gloves I already have flea clubs oh you
already have increased where's movement
speeds yeah I already have those
equipped all right oh oh this is all the
stuff i have equipped already a urine
cell yeah whoopsie how whoopsie-doopsie
hang scrapes I think those are each
dragon flicks a curse slowing and
weakening your opponent that's wish you
know considering you have a weak sword
going on right now and I think the
plunderers cap isn't bad either yeah
when you draw supplies oh yes I
definitely want the plunderers gap
interesting choice and then I'm gonna
get food sort of thing even so just to
get more food Oh about you can like by
one foot at a time yes what hello I had
I don't think I had a helmet before
divergence regale shops are revealed
like I could sell the merchants ring
just because who cares if the shops are
revealed wow you know lookie yeah yeah
we want that I want that killing streak
I don't think I've had a fight yet by
the way good small favors Jack I'll take
it hey I'll take it
and they're all right plunders caps is
great extra options is always great I
let's see if we can oh I got gold for
being on that for going there so I think
that's exact I'm the card oh I don't
like it I don't like it hahaha he is
holding some items of my collateral if
you deliver this goal to him an item of
equipment can be yours as payment sure
why not another curse on the table let
us see how you
way over there you can't do it in five
well not if you go to that one on the
top corner yeah now I'll do it I'll do
it I need a better I need a better
weapon so well you can't risk that curse
okay yeah that's why I'm going back yeah
i'm going to me jumpy okay okay gonna go
down no no my god oh my god everything's
fine ah yeah thank you actually you
could have removed the curse with the
mage come on oh I could have man
whatever yeah well fortitude breath ring
of reward emergency ring what does that
do player reaches zero health it still
has food when I receive health equal to
the amount of food what does fortitude
breath do every third encounter does not
consume food bring a reward you like
raunchy after every 3rd Combat the
player draws three equipment cars and
keeps one yes don't even think about the
emergency ward wasn't bad either yeah
treasure chests that's what I don't need
internet head downwards if you did
I do their one food anyway Ryan pleases
me more than watching your attempt to
wriggle away from bad luck
oh did you get your eyes you sure as
hell did get the oh nice fuck yeah fuck
yeah but now every time I want to use
the hammer okay it's stronger it's
stronger that's all that matters yet you
got no food huh you got no fool yeah I
know I got no food I don't give no fuck
those are the damned let's go let's go
you find a casket buried in the sand as
your each a voice calls out stranger
stay your hand the cast compares a curse
of the surface marks fucking leave off
every three combat you gain a weapon
with it bringing that and then you avoid
an encounter ah Jack I wasn't thinking
at all yeah I wasn't thinking traveling
healer food does she remove curses we'll
see fine we'll see an opportunity day
how do why are you calling her she
remove curse hungry blade I came over
those let's see it's 24 sin but receive
plus fifty percent damage so they're
faster attacks from players weapons do
less damage I want to remove that
players take extra damage from range
attacks I can deal with that hungry
blades whenever weapons abilities use
players your hammers power thing more
yeah but this just nerfs the handles
that does how would you wear that
definitely yeah I can only consider
getting rid of both I can it's 30 and 0
30 and 20 alright so unless I sell
another item well I do that now see what
you have to Seoul yeah
you make this harder on yourself yeah
traveling with an empty stomach give her
the fine blade yeah four bucks take it
well yeah you have 30 now if you wanted
to risk having no food all right which I
don't I need I need food i'm already
down health i need food all right i'm
playing it smart I'm definitely not
saying it wrong haha yeah alright it
kind of sounds like you're saying I'm
wrong no it's fine these are just the
girls are hard to remove foods easy to
find but you do desperately need the
food so I mean six and one half a dozen
or the other unless you get like a ton
of food here right without weight
devilish traps yet they can wrap you in
ribbons as easily as any seemingly from
the sky I've often wondered does one
control one's dream or does the dream
control you if it is the latter than
does it mean that when we sleep we are
at a host unguarded what it wouldn't
lucid dreaming be awesome we are the
bass in our night divorce laughs and
laughs a maze of devilish traps remain
have you have you ever had a lucid dream
um a dream where you're in full control
yeah realize you're dreaming and you do
whatever no never last more in a few
seconds because the minute i realized
i'm dreaming starts wake up I've come
I've got analyzing Lee close to heaven
God who's a dream yeah tantalizingly
close I don't lie to you well I shield
bashed instead of rolled just run your
fast I think you could outrun that yeah
yeah I had this dream once where I was
getting ready for bed karen was cars ken
was in bad way there you go to sleep and
then I'm crawling into bed and Karen
walks out of the bathroom where's Karen
she's in bed with me and she also walks
out of the bathroom and and it was this
horrible thing where they both insisted
they were the real Karen oh my god yeah
yeah and they were freaking out both
Karen's in bedroom and then more carrot
to start walking out of the bathroom and
they were they were horrified I didn't
know what to do or to tell them that I
wasn't even sure which one was the real
narrative if any of them were they all
equally valid Karen's and then and then
I realized I was dreaming mm-hmm and at
that exact moment all of the Karen's
smiled at me like haha gotcha that's
right it was ripped it was trippy more
than creepy I suppose it depends i was
like the dream Karen's were like in on
the joke right
let's see if I can heal any the trap by
the way no there's no reward oh oh
that's devilish traps gave me no more
reward so I need to go back to the
healer way some food and see if I can
heal up now before another encounter can
I heal any wounds I'm sure you agree on
that
yeah damn it yes I'm gonna leave the
shop McGee believe she'll be good yep
fuck you well it's a lot card for a
reason they're not supposed to be good
things it's purple jack so purple purple
is bad is it usually those are the cards
you have to have in your deck and then
progressively worse as the game goes on
I think the earlier ones are actually
easy like the extra shops some good
things but later on it's all horrible
nothing worse than the cursed gambler
what is all this
shenanigans oh my god ah fuck you I knew
that was there up yep fuck you is that
it am i dead oh oh I made it to the
ladder I guess ah yeah yeah oh you have
a regular basis for rapture might be
able to get some items rather than cause
you're good at those right the regular
mazur Drake yeah I might be able to get
out of it back yeah let me why not that
this but what's up I don't know yep I
don't know this with your resources is
that a Lionel up top I know it was like
that make a deal with the love of devil
I thought okay the little devil baby
I've not had a single combat yet which I
guess I'm fine with but it's like it's
weird all right all right all right all
right don't go into the grass I'll go
into the grass everybody goes plays only
man who should cut down grass don't like
grass boss you make your quicken up jack
I can run past those but i don't think i
can run past the arrows no I don't know
yeah I don't want to test that theory
that's fairly neck that's what Rolen
gets me any what I've been worth it just
to run passing minute
oh yeah yay ok now I can get some shit
at least and oh you already have the
magic Emperor's jewel that looks
interesting so it's a percent chance to
grant one free artifact / combat yeah
i'd rather have Inferno potion sent ah
so i got four uses during combat press
right bumper to activate fire form but i
guess that could be for a long time uses
snaps oh yeah and I don't have anything
in there right now with three game cards
too I already have a huge family but
like the ring of survival so every third
can i play with my help that's good yes
draw three consuming shame that's
something good right I'll weapon attacks
are enhanced with a powerful poison oh
yes what are the others do because you
just grabbed an item so amia try
receives one food whenever they answer a
shop whenever the player is healed
receives plus one helper blessing do you
have any blessings every time you'll eat
food you'd get extra help I don't think
I have any blessings okay so I'm
thinking with new consuming shame okay
really is that what you're going to do
shut up dealer lessord what you hey yes
unless I'm surprised by your phone's
shower dealer you're encouraged about
horse is a fine companion I'm sure you
leave this one you're in good plus nine
400 now jack that's great but you got
one food left right in the animal it was
totally worth that detour I'm gonna say
oh absolutely the heart of things
because whenever the players here they
lose one gold for every to health points
you wrong oh you're gonna be broke you
can't buy food tainted by your view
world and your single-minded purpose the
same singularity of puppies that brings
you here at a difficult Yeah right my
dreams phunk you'd ever know jack so
sorry i have to stop going to those gold
ones maybe if i can get to the end
without getting hit i get a reward so
far I've gotten hit on every devil
oyster I'm gonna say no probably not
darn it by the moving too fast
awesome portable camera I wouldn't ya
take it slow because you don't know what
the fuck's in front of you might yeah
exactly no no I knew I knew that oh my
god what living living dangerously yes
boom
boom I didn't get hit that time no so
we'll see if I get anything nope I'm
fuck it I shit hey you're superfast
badass weapons plus every three combat
you good stuff so choose from these
options
being I love that you can follow the
cards right I charge into battle to lava
golems all right I can do this I can do
this I can do this I can do this I can't
do this i only have 20 health one lava
golem may be consuming shame but you had
the emergency room i guess you'd still
be fucked you have the food consumed in
shame
shit traps run on the bridge no traps on
the bridge right no there's traps over
there though
what fuck oh great considering how bad a
hand you start off with lose-lose ianova
curses you will never face oh you know
what maybe I don't want to face you
dealer think about that you think about
that I don't want to see you anymore hi
alright well there was our lovely
tuesday make up stream sorry again about
all the technical issues we were having
on sundays some of them unavoidable
tomorrow it'll probably after seven
again tomorrow just a heads up for
everyone here yeah but tomorrow we're
bringing out the wii u so we
II am trying to get to the stream to
shut it off
