Episode 168
Splatoon!!! (Part 1)
August 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsw5Jpi63mc
___________________________________________

another nice yard across the street are
we street okay hi everybody
what's up how we doing I figured it out
I figured it out hey Canada chat it up
chat it up we are streaming see that you
see them yeah yeah just a chat
what's going on what's going on how is
everybody shit Jack Jack has a platoon I
have a platoon of splatoon I am not very
fresh what happened was as Jack hasn't
streamed from his laptop in like urine
oh yeah there's been like eight years
we've streamed from this laptop and
streamkey what we're using was updated
yes because of Rich's back I'm stepping
up and bringing in my laptop to stream
so I don't have to lug around a computer
with a broken back yes there's very
considerate I appreciate you
okay so you're a squid and you're that's
really creepy look like you're trying to
crawl up fold your legs and then - hi JJ
this is definitely Japanese the four one
one of what the games about thank you by
the way jack for bearing with we're
bearing with us flag he got a little
crazy so you had real work to do that
was most of the way most of the billet
really was Jack had a surprise deadline
I had three commercials that I was
editing and all of a sudden they were
all do tomorrow morning yeah so I needed
to edit three commercials tonight to get
them to buy tonight so you can look them
over and have them
that's what happens I was editing until
8:30 so as a spittoon dude what the fuck
okay so so basically it's a third-person
shooter that kind of controls like a
first-person shooter I'm moving the read
pad up and down and around right now
it's simple to me that seems a lot
better than using a gamepad dang it's
very precise but you know the pad is in
wheels all you do is you shoot okay did
we have to figure out if you can use the
remote and you still have to use like
the right joystick to kind of like make
big turns but then this is like for
finding yeah
not smaller than you want them to guess
and here's the important part is in
order to refill your ink okay okay you
can I guess but you know you just need a
little it's very good I'm quiet it's
very good looking
there now another mic respond sir to me
and it's very fun there are there are
many aspects of splatoon that I really
really enjoy and then there's a whole
bunch better question yes can you slide
up you have yes you can and you have to
it's a it's a spray and you go around
put this straight vertically
oh you can't Oh neat can I call my
brother with the ramps I guess you can
walk up yeah all right well remember
it's all about just covering your area
so the single-player game is pretty fun
so there's an actual similarity
Oh miss like Jack changed gender to cute
squid girl ASAP
I am a compute squid girl I think it's a
squid boring mine I don't then the squid
girls have this things hanging down that
are like squid tentacles how do I change
genders you know just just play the game
this one fuck it play the game yes what
fuck it if you don't know how it's just
play again that's what I'm saying is it
worth $60 the easy answer to that is no
because of the multiplayer the
multiplayer is what this game is banking
on and it falls really flat it's
explained for a number ok let me do one
let me do one level just to kind of get
my bearings my squiddy's my squiddy
feelings variants also greats you fall
through great
like this great okay I'm gonna do level
just to get me up and then we're gonna
talk about my issues with the
multiplayer and keep in mind that I
believe in this game this game could
I guess you got a deal
well you do have to be fresh so here's
problem number one is in order to
upgrade your gear in order to upgrade
your gear you need to win antiques and
some here
it's like I get fun I get it it is but
you know whether in terms of cost
opinion so they have to the play to get
better items idea well I understand the
idea which is they want to make sure
that you know the basics before you film
it broadening is by the time you're done
basics everyone else is better here
so that's an issue give me all the jumps
to start with let me figure out
right now it's down oh I can see that
yeah it's down it's down to the 5% and
there is no way to change it on the we
look at mutes huh mute anything just
mute it but then they go then nothing
what do you want mute mute or too loud
mute you get mute or this volumes we
can't we can't the volumes all the way
down the game into open broadcaster yeah
and apparently there's no way to turn it
down on the wheat which is weird
is there a system volume for the way if
you go like mean we been you I don't
think so
can you get to the main menu without
button I don't think so yeah so you get
this volume or no volume - people say
mew mew mew mew I've been fucking muted
oh my god guess what it's muted do you
have to do it no option you're welcome
for bringing in like
thank you for doing your touchpad is
still horrible Oh
one day rich you're gonna get on the
truck thing it's not unit even though it
has to be oh hold on everybody
perfect it's louder than ever it's not
muted it's not mods are saying it's not
muted hold on I'm stealing the computer
from rich how is the game capturing this
how was the computer capturing this all
right no I mean what's suffer using can
you go into the mixer and turn that
software that's capturing this turn the
volume down no it's going directly
through OBS isn't that crazy
apparently not hopeful though apparently
not hold on everybody hold the fuck on
that's what we're gonna do here we're
just gonna hold the fuck on all right
this we are gonna go to properties yeah
we're gonna go that's burning everything
down returning I believe this should
just be turning it's down but we're
gonna yeah we're gonna see in a second
oh I don't know what I just did did I
just cancelled I don't know you did I
might have just what did I just do ah
you turned everything off okay I turned
everything off all the time Oh
it's pretty dumb for a Smart TV
some of this is that slightly quieter
it's going out of the background it's
like giant TVs of space rather than
actual space yeah kind of
it's weird I don't like it you don't
like it I don't like it better okay
now everything should be just perfect
everything should be exactly perfect
right now tell me if everything is
perfect after I said it's perfect yes
perfect there we go this is good perfect
better sounds perfect right yeah good
job it's perfect
rich I got you got it Richard's got it I
figured it out everybody jack is the
master at figuring things out me so dick
go all right
which starts nitpicking the hell out of
everything I'm a critic I would hope
technically this is what I'm supposed to
do right how's my ink levels pretty good
well can you hide in the ink and not
fall down I I don't know if you can do
it upside down wait the experiment yeah
oh you can't nope nope you can't no no
you know what now I know now I know
never to trust rich trying to get all
these all these are like bonus blobs
you're a bonus for lob it's true out
here and then you have to go in the ink
and jump because you're faster in the
ink oh it's great there's a lot of
really fun stuff to this game do the
kids like this game yes the the boys
like this game they cannot play it very
well but they love the look of it you
know but it's it's constantly like if
they want to play this game it's
constantly like that you do this level
and it's like sometimes I don't wanna I
got work oh shit bombs
you're doing great I think hi so I
presume you're doing great
I'm getting my split two knee legs back
this is a you know this is a further
level which is why it's although it's
very weird stuff a wonder hundun is new
he says you have kids
oh god it's pretty kind of knowledge at
this point you know I thought it was but
I mean to me it's common knowledge that
I have kids but yeah I've kids you saw
them probably you probably saw them
there was my boys in the kids react to
101 kid's joke videos nope you can't see
me those are my boys secrets collecting
data asked can you pick your paint color
not no no no never you can never pick
your paint color ever ever not in first
player which is what I'm in now and not
in multiplayer you get assigned to a
team that's so strange with the team I
understand for multiplayer but a single
player do you think they just let you
have a color oh you know what's your
color they vary it up with each level
they varied up with each level maybe you
know what maybe that's the thing after
you're like maybe that's New Game+
Batman Arkham game right hopefully oh oh
oh you got lucky on the fucker I really
did this is a this is a neat level right
yeah I'll tell you this your paint never
goes away on its own what do you mean
like it never evaporates yeah never
evaporates there are enemies that can
like wash it off
everyone thinks to paint color clashes
with your outfit I agree this this
yellow is only you should have seen the
the the purple Jack was sporting earlier
it was sweet good bye good bye
hmm yeah
no no you know different levels
different colors they want they want to
they want to vary it up for you I'm
gonna be okay with that
it's a kid they're telling me what I
have to eat that's how I feel about that
and you know it's like we what we like
am i right I'm an adult that's one of
the few perks you get eating what you
like yes
so you so pops or no Apple Jacks no you
have to pay bills you have to worry
about health problems
uh-huh mortgages responsibilities jobs
but you can have a shit-ton apple jam
have any all the Apple Jacks you want
but rich it doesn't taste like apples I
don't want them to I want them to taste
like Apple Jacks
Phil Apple Jacks not apples never work
on apples yeah and it's a zit nothing
like apples that would be that would be
annoying yeah that would be really
problematic Apple Jacks I presume that
tastes like an apple jack I mean I'm
gonna go ahead and say I have no idea
what an apple jack tastes like beyond
the cereal
due to do oh my god rice seems difficult
uh yeah the later levels are so this is
advanced course yeah yeah this is this
is like part of the world of my on even
this is like the third or fourth world
hey dude dude it yeah we're on third or
fourth world so this is pretty advanced
and it's fun alright hold on I need to
plug the internet into the we all right
Oh weird the Texas upside down that's
funny what's wrong that we doesn't have
an Ethernet what it only does Wireless
apparently that is the dumbest fucking
thing there's gotta be there's gotta be
a support you're missing there's a cover
on it it has to be has to be anybody
yeah yeah Chad we you Ethernet oh this
is story rich
why aren't you skipping it because I
know I know you I'm trying to
you need a USB dongle for Ethernet oh
well there you go
Thank You twitchplayspokemon for
clearing that up yeah that seems stupid
I'm serious you know it's not like you
go online a lot with your way anyway I
would I would not want to use wireless
for gaming hmm nothing right now that I
multiplayer much but even if I did sure
really just for downloads okay here's
what you need to do here's what I'm
gonna do don't mind my mind my hand bunk
you everyone is seeing a black screen
right now there you go there there's a
classic there's a classic red white and
blue you're seeing that because I need
to enter in the Wi-Fi information ah yes
yes apparently I need to enter the Wi-Fi
information so uh pause one well we'll
just you know we'll chat at you for a
little bit while I well I take care of
business
rich is there any other business to take
care of do we have any new subscribers
bill titli Lord Belmont Emory 8:01 mum
front end John a 20 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated it's
true we very built built ugly there he's
he's he's celebrating that thirteen
month in a row
congratula congratulations on wasting
your hard earned money and but thank you
so much and also bonded ugh book you to
everything I just said Bunga duck and
and fisted buy dope smoke also fisted
buy dope smoke you're all poppin in you
know we always start reading these we
start reading these they start popping
up right
yeah oh my god rich is now typing on the
stylus the Wi-Fi password if you listen
really closely you can hear the the
things he's typing
really
you wouldn't think it'd be such an easy
password for four four five three four
salamander tango have you got
v salamander tango what what well I was
saying that no no you weren't saying it
at all okay that's a weird Ridge okay
great we are we are connected to the
internet so we can splatoon once more in
just a moment so is the matchmaking
completely random or can you join up
with chat people I believe I can I can
join up with friends okay and so and but
a lot of people have found me and
friended me so if you're Jack's friend
this is this is a good time to be using
splatoon on the week yes if you are the
other two people who have splatoon
preparing okay great splatoon is back
we're back I suppose so so as we get
into the multiplayer here here's our
some of my biggest problems is the
different weapons you have essentially
act as different classes in splatoon but
there's no way to change what weapon you
have mid-match or even in between
matches you have to completely log out
of online play change your load up and
then get randomly put into a different
online play which means even though they
access classes and the weapons are
supposed to help complement each other
there's no way to tell who's gonna have
what weapon and you could end up all
having paint rollers which would be
terrible and which I have done before
would it be terrible maybe you're just
not good enough with the payroll and
maybe I'm just not good enough I am
connected to the Internet and we just we
just connected to the Internet the game
didn't know that apparently not
apparently not the other problem is
being a team-based game you can't
communicate with your team at all
do we have Bayonetta 2 oh wait there's
no option to communicate with your team
there is no option to commute the weed
doesn't have any kind of headset Wow
aiyoo you'll see a black screen because
I turned it off again in case they asked
for one what the Hamady what's wrong I
didn't uh apparently didn't take the
Wi-Fi information sadly only we have
that Donald all right hold on for want
of a basic Internet report Jesus Christ
no Ethernet port fuck off yeah you know
what you have a you have eighty billion
dollars Nintendo
you can't you can't you can't shove a
fucking Ethernet port apparently not
that crush you five dollars a unit if
that to title mass production it would
it would take away from the sleek design
of the internet which look richest found
something to complain about that's a
legitimate thing to complain about I
think so you have a you have a gaming
system that is reliant on wireless
internet which is gonna be just
inherently slower and inferior maybe
unless you've got some kind of
ridiculously expensive setup or
something I don't I don't know hmm yeah
you know if this is Nintendo though has
just never much cared for online so of
course it wouldn't matter to them okay
yep
testing connection testing connection
everybody we're testing in the
connection it's very exciting exciting
things are happening check mark what the
network device we've got the network
John worked connection test was
successful
great ok do just tell me when I can turn
the screen back on save your file
sure Omaha punch huh el gato
ok so now we should be connected to the
internet because we got all the check
marks is there a way we can test this
before we go into splatoon no I don't
know either hold on almost a rich almost
there everybody we're gonna play some
splatoon I swear this is a real thing
that's gonna happen I'm just gonna click
on the internet browser really quick
just to Doug just to see just to make
sure before I jump into splatoon again
Go Go Google works ok great ok going
home Wii U menu and splatoon almost
almost ready rich mm-hmm ready rich
already go alright ok I went to Google
and I saw Google so we know internet
works now
okay back to complaining about aspects
of the game there are only two maps to
play a day wait there's only two maps to
play a day yep
what yep that's I suppose there's four
there's four maps to play the two for
non ranked matches and two for ranked
matches what that's all UN aids it's
random two maps everyday
why would they do that I have no idea
rich they have more maps but you only
get two a day or four depending if
you're practically different game modes
take the birthday boys saying two maps
every two hours not day Oh everybody's
better but still nonsense why not just
let me play whatever the fuck map I want
to play together one love maps some love
if you're a fan of a map that's not
popular nobody will ever play it here's
the news for the day now I know I'm
connected to the Internet because they
give they update you you have to do this
every single time you go to the game new
battle modes are now available oh sweet
my god but people are vampires right
look at her teeth she looks like she can
rip my throat out in like a second
new weapons new map seems to improve
your play experience for details check
the official website great stay fresh
like Billy skatepark is our map for
today and the kelp dome is our map for
today that's great or if I want to play
ranked arrow on a mall and pork mackerel
I like pork Macra that's a fun map it's
like a shipping yard so stuff like that
one jagged tooth in the bottom of her
jaw it's weird okay
so how do you meet with friends in there
but I think I want to gear myself up
hold on well weapon do I want a shot
Junior
damage I think this one was pretty good
no I don't like that one suka there's a
lot of there's a lot of different stuff
thanks Photoshop Junior
no no knots flash at you it's to go
great
Jenkins Heath are a Japanese thing you
know no it might be everything's a
Japanese listen they're weird they're
just weird
I'm sorry advanced their advanced I'm
sorry if you're listening with us in
your Japanese but you're weird
your people are weird let's see if I
have any friends let's see if I can join
friends in a regular battle how do I do
this he probably just click on them
yeah that's not people who were
available I think so I don't know I see
oxygen hey dr. Jan don't think don't
pick people will he pick all the time
they pick random people Jack well I'm
just I'm just you know I don't know well
then fine savathun oh I can't join up
he's in a regular battle Taylor I can't
join up oh they're all in battles oh
yeah well forget that I'm just gonna do
a regular battle that what kind of
battle were you trying to do I tried
clicking on them and they said they were
already in a battle so I'm just gonna
join a battle and be like fucking well
so like look at this like level 20 level
14 I'm little 6 you know come on
well that's that's the garbage that is
modern multiplayer gaming now no
matchmaking okay
it's not about skills about how often
you play the game mmm okay yeah get the
home base cover to always get the home
base covered always and go pays not to
have a job hiding hiding hiding couple
go go go and this is all just leveled
percentage covered yep I'll level
percentage covered and once he find out
there there's agreement there's a green
team can you swim in green ink no no it
makes you uh-oh but the roller guy no no
it actually slows you down quite a bit
get out of here sniper
can you heal huh
can you heal I don't know no I don't
think so
well how the host damage mark if you get
hit enough you die yeah if you get hit
enough in succession what the fuck is
long I have literally no idea crap they
just kicked your ass these weren't a bad
ass hat look at that hat
he's so he so fresh here's the other
thing you can do you can tap on people
on the gamepad and you jump right to him
ah what'd you get sniped
I got sniped fuck
whoa what is that what is that I don't I
don't know yeah it's a thing I don't
know you tell me I am like you know much
I've played this game 2-0 is your real
percent oh we gonna we got to get some
territory back here we've lost we've
lost some ground
where's percentage how do you know oh
you don't mean you down until the end
really so you have no clue how you're
doing pretty much out of here
sniping McGuirk can you shoot the shoot
to the bottom of oh yeah
what's up it's a friend coming to join
me so friends are starting to join in or
not friends one of my teammates nope I'm
onto your game snipey can you shoot them
when they're in the slime yeah oh hey
how did you do that no oh I done he's
probably got magic leveled up powers he
knows how to use that sniper outside z1o
we're gonna lose I can see it on my map
oh yeah you're gonna lose yeah we're
gonna lose big time we are gonna lose
big time
let's see how badly I lost I think I
want a different weapon so I need people
feel about this game oh we didn't lose
too bad you could tell if you're winning
or losing by looking at the top of the
screen the winning team squids are
larger oh do you think that uh Malmi had
anything to do with them winning whoa
whoo look at the sniper rifle I had a
farm beyond the larger score then oh
yeah yeah I'm gonna change it my gun so
now I want to change up my gun so you
have to get out of the system
what's this one
you try that yeah you know this is just
kind of a standard I'm just gonna go
standard I want a standard a standard
gun okay so now that we're out let's see
if any friends are available Oh Brian is
joinable all right brian is joinable I'm
joining Brian so you can't stick with
like a team of different people huh what
I mean you can't have like a group of
friends that you play with apparently
not apparently you can choose one friend
s but you could start a game and let
everybody join you waiting for a spot to
open up oh no you gotta wait two minutes
to know if like that try starting a game
and see if people can find you
am i how do I become joinable they don't
know I'm assuming people can start I
guess not all right I don't know I'm not
I'm not multiplayer savvy I have no idea
how it works and the end and it really
this is part of the problem is when you
play online multiplayer you do you want
to play with the same group that you
know you want to play with your friends
all right you want to get better as a
team
I take it level twenty is the cap oh
maybe I don't know I haven't gotten that
far yet all right try it again try it
again we're gonna rock it this time
I'm blue that's a nice shade of blue
nope huh AG crowler says no custom
matches until august well it's nice blue
that is a nice blue
so it's that inflated thing inflated
thing yeah I don't know it's just level
design
just level design all right checking out
my map here oh oh I see him I'm gonna
sneak up on him I didn't sneak up on him
Oh boom boom two down nice Jack nice so
pretty good about that you should
that was some that was some bleep miss I
think yeah okay swim away swim away I
deployed my inkzooka oh my god 25 says
Jack don't paint the walls
why not does that not count does that
not count towards turf no nice I always
assumed it did so I paint the walls why
wouldn't it and if you paint the walls
it leads to faster movement for your
team so why the fuck not
whoa lots of people saying this game is
for babies you know it's a little bit
for babies this thing just killed a
nine-year-old haha that is most likely
true this game is made for babies
I killed her that was a seven-year okay
liquid livid that livid liquid says rich
tell Jack to stop inking walls they
don't count oh I always assumed they
counted that is really good information
thank you
that is very good information I'm sure
it told me that somewhere but I wasn't
paying attention
you know me blowing
I'm deep into enemy territory here
I was inkzooka oh we might lose again we
were doing well this time squids are
bigger huh your squids are bigger oh
just keep shooting that floor Jack keep
shooting that floor I'm doing it I'm
shooting the floor I'm shooting the
floor I think rich wants to play I don't
know if I can from the floor I'm serious
I'm not sure that's a possibility maybe
not oh you orange fuck I'm coming for
you well oh we killed each other let's
see who wanted oh we lost we definitely
lost look at that that's so much more
orange they hit out they had a last
minute push yeah yeah oh that's that's a
big heart breaking heart breaking heart
break in Milwaukee
oh alright let me pick this thing up you
can do it great okay so here's here's
how it works rich yeah trigger to go
into squiddy okay you have to hold it or
just press it hold it to be a squid okay
this shoots right shoots it left squid
and that's basically everything X is
jump X not like B yeah all right hey
rich is giving this a try from the floor
will Stan I have an awful so aim right
back apparently level 20 is the cap yes
and yes you can turn off the gyro aiming
and use the stick but I wouldn't want to
do oh it's really sluggy it's really
soggy I hate controller aiming it as is
oh you're totally right butters own that
10 percent loss was me shooting the
walls like an idiot like a fucking idiot
is there a run no as a squid you move
faster in your own ink and remember you
need you need to go into your ink sub
you squid to fill up your ink cartridge
yeah there you go richer doing it
well well
oh that's Brian Brian's our friend
Brian's with us oh my god get out of it
it's a bomb
Oh Brian's got our back Brian our friend
has our back thanks Brian our friend I
can't turn with the aiming yeah you have
to use the other joystick for altering
huh that's weird yeah
oh no brains down is this joy I'm
experienced oh wow
nope rich might be dying because of
splatoon yeah I think you're doing
pretty good huh I mean your team it's
about if the team rich it's not just
about your score if I had more control
with aiming with the tilt yeah yeah I
think I hate turning apparently why why
resets the camera behind you okay
so if you ever just want to quick do
that oh my god orange vortex of doom
yeah I don't think this this aim with
the patrollers doing anything it's once
you figure it out it has some subtle I
would rather just play with the mouse to
keep on yeah well I know I made regular
gamepad you know you might not
especially with this game they don't
have they don't have the gamepad stick
down nope shoot that seven-year-old oh
rich got pwned by Jonah rich Jonah just
got you totally wedding I don't care huh
team is totally winning though I don't
care I use this special weapon when it's
ready when it charges up you click down
on the right stick
don't let Jonah get you again rich was
that Jonah this was a hos egg oh my god
he that's a Haley all right let's see
how rich did all right did terrible good
guys and bad guys hey I did nothing
team one despite me yeah I mean yeah
yeah but you know look at Mikey Mikey
got zero points so you did better than
Mikey oh that counts for anything
no no accounts for nothing
Jonah that punk is still there still
there Jonah's got to go to bed early
tonight
he's not gonna go to bed boys don't kick
my ass
oh my god Jose and that paintbrush is a
maniac that's all right yeah let your
team deal with the front stuff right you
just worry about laying the ground over
here every splat counts you know just
lay the foundation be there be the
support class somebody buy my least
favorite class and XCOM huh oh my god
splattered by a burst bomb what does a
burst ball I have my no I oh my god I
wish I could tell you rich do ramps oh
you killed someone I know I did
that's great that was you were on oh oh
damn fucking Jonah not even there to
help you
a weird way to aim it is I want to turn
it off Jack you can how will wait till
the next wait until the next round yeah
I should go
Tiberius Kirk wants to know when we're
pulling the plug on splatoon and going
on for another Wii U baby game I don't
hate the Weed Man
what is wrong with this other than it's
colorful right I mean there are things
wrong with it
there are gameplay problems with it I
don't I I don't think any I don't think
any of its problems have anything to do
with the way it play you know like the
way it actually plays any of the
mechanics of the game or the the art
style which is fun I think there's some
nuts and bolts that need to be tightened
and if they treated this like they
treated a PC or even just other online
multiplayer games this could be a really
fun game but Nintendo is so afraid of
online multiplayer
oh I'll rich is going deep rich is going
deep in enemy territory you're gonna get
flanked you're gonna get so fucking
flanked
oh that's alright hey that was good that
was a good run yeah
Oh father says it looks fun it looks
like it's as close to an FPS as I think
the the stream should ever get no no
Ritchie was playing brutal doom the
other day yeah all right let's turn the
terrible let's turn that off okay I've
got here I did terrible everything's
terrible turn it off and turn off invert
turn it off and turn off invert okay
we'll see how this goes wait are you am
I having it Becker
no I'll do one more you'll do one Marga
Allen oh man we're gonna level up our
freshness it's gonna be great so no
we're not gonna battle again because we
need to change our controls option
x-axis is Nora's motion controls are now
off y-axis is normal I would try sitting
on the couch oh my god she's gonna try
sitting on the couch how things are
happening we're playing with a big dog
you come mess with the sensitivity I
don't know if you can do it right in
this fight but it's fine this a little
easier yeah okay be prepared for rich to
dominate now so Miami no no I know
that's I think that's a friend like
gonna jump to you I don't actually know
what I don't actually know oh did you
kill someone I don't I think he did
whoa whoa rich you were splatted by the
dynamo roller dynamo rollin was blighted
by me boom
fuckin boom
Oh chef
big dog you got big dog dripping now you
got big sure I can do some live
commentary rich is going around the
right side of the field that's it that's
a strong maneuver for any new player you
got to get that right side covered in
order to get home-field advantage
Oh getting those top planks so many
players forget about the top planks
that's points every splat matters that's
that's what we say here at splatoon TV
oh we got the paint roller over it takes
down up oh that's a big tip big takedown
for the blue team how rich is getting
flanked on the dogleg side getting point
that by the dogleg side up by uh by
Japanese letters oh there's the century
placement rich you got to be careful
here got to be careful for that century
placement nice takedown of the century
oh but but Dynamo splatters back rich is
stuck in orange goo it could be the end
he gets out by doing a little wall
painting uh fun fact painting on the
wall doesn't actually count towards
territory control but it helps with
maneuverability that was a risky
maneuver there rich and I think you
played it well Oh big takedown of killer
well Oh see you move slowing their paint
to do that's true rich I did not know
that until there a second ago
there are many technical advantages to
painting it's not only the the win-loss
of the game in general but but also this
is why you need that motion control for
a fine we're tuning oh rich is doing the
old I give up maneuver fuck job letting
the dynamo roller take him over oh it's
coming down to the edge here it's coming
down to the edge here let's see what we
have blue versus already oh my god
seriously oh my god they they so Oh God
the the pain the pain is real
but I wasn't dead last Oh zero points
was right under bass so somebody wasn't
playing did worse than I was
well there you go that's something hey
Jack can rich press the controls any
harder having trouble hearing what he's
pressing oh that's funny you know I need
you fuck off I'm just laying oh and uh
the our bumper is Renee's there's
grenades screwed there's paint grenades
rich I'm sorry I did not tell you about
that before but I rarely would have a
nice snow I really do apologize um pink
now your pink no rich coming for the
power
Pinker's with our good friend Brian now
Brian is a support class looking out for
Rich's back here he's gonna make sure
that rich doesn't fuck up too badly so
we got the power Pinker's versus the
greenie meanies greenie meanie ah with
the payroll we're trying to take a power
position oh it's that dynamo roller
again Jack you're pretty good with the
commentary you like that you like the
shoutcasting yeah the fun part is I know
almost nothing of what I'm saying I'm
just I'm just just talking out of my ass
which I'm pretty good at I guess Oh what
the fuck I'm awful you're awful Aoyama
you know everybody's got to learn that's
the fun part of splatoon new players old
players alike get a chance to play
together
anger cover that ground cover that
ground
what the fuck nice Eve aide I guess I
don't think it was innovate I think that
was her own oh that's right your bitch
yeah I forgot that with all that green
surrounding you I really thought you're
agreeing where is everybody
they've all given up except for me
you and Brian here it is the dream team
rich pinky underwear Evans versus Brian
our friend also looking at riches pinky
underwear Evans and you came in no my
life is a constant state of depression
honestly where is everybody
yeah I know it's weird oh there's
someone Oh God look I got snipped you
got snipped by Japanese letters possibly
Korean letters those Korean people sure
to love their video games
oh rich Evans with a sneaky maneuver the
old drop through the gate get you in the
taint any time we can say taint in a
live broadcast I think it's a wi
Oh Shai gets taken dude by the audio
boomer I don't I don't know what that is
humming advance with it
Jack you're on point tonight yes I don't
feel like it I have literally been
editing since 8 o'clock this morning for
it was 12 and a half hours straight
editing I might be dying all right I
want to try one more time because I want
to I want to beat somebody who just has
more than zero point sir
sure that's your goal that's my goal I
think that's a that's a fair goal wrench
I I will stop the jokes shoutcasting in
here no yeah that doesn't bother me
that's fine jokes out casting us jokes
and jokes are good and jokes is good
it's called the killer whale that's
right the killer whale does it I don't
think it releases ink I just think it
kills people I forgot to use that
grenade renaud oh sure that's mr. Schine
smile I was oh man he left
sorry Shyam you got you got bared with
another another person but that was you
SH I was killing it was killing you most
oh really good all right looks like we
got the orange merr owners and the teal
turkeys orange bar owners take a strong
stance covering that home base it's
really important for any matches get
that home base covered you know so you
always have a fallback position rich
taking that right flank like he does
inking stuff that can't be inked which
is an interesting tactic I didn't know
it could be
rich going a head-to-head with a blue
inky and losing hey that's my Japanese
man everyone is just gonna be Japanese
letters like hi rich taking it to the
Great's the high ground we've seen many
competitors take and win the high ground
especially these snipers so rich is uh
doing his team a favor by taking care of
those snipers easy peasy
sniper goes Deezy Deezy means dead rich
going through the grates to that that's
safe right zone cleaning up a little
blue ink now that's what really what
it's all about this game is just about
inking your ink oh oh no this is gonna
entail yeah it is yeah it is out killed
by sushi killed by sushi I've seen that
movie it's pretty good
there you go rich cover the base get
that own base covered that's points
that's points what the fuck is that I
rich in a strange turn of events has now
teamed up with Japanese letters to fight
Japanese letters rich is doing a great
job of support here laying down that
coat so his teammates can move a little
smoother and we have Japanese letters
laying the smackdown on the teal
termites with that with that compound
roller speaking of compound roller this
shoutcast is brought to you by uncle
George's easy rolling papers you know
you get hi uncle Jones easy rolling
paper cuz you're too stoned for
difficult things
watch out for that hurricane of death
little known fact about hurricanes of
death there they're pretty deadly oh oh
you saw the very rare double splats scam
managing to kill people we're still
losing fuck it fuck everything fuck my
life you're doing it though right fuck
my fuck my many failures you're learning
yeah here you go Jack Tiger does nobody
smoke joints anymore
oh hey my goal Hey I succeeded Cody who
i leveled up you should smoke joints
joints are great I mean unless you're
not an adult and then you know you
should not all right back to the floor
bang rich go back I'm turning motion
controls back
