Episode 171
Shadow of Mordor & a Half (Part 2)
August 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28gVAQak5_g
___________________________________________

tell me so I think I'm gonna go try to
kill him because now I have full health
and I can try to fight him again and I
might win this time Oh am I not I don't
know that's all fine everything's fine
I'll find out comes off comes out comes
out comes Raiders razor
crap crap what am I supposed to do here
what am I supposed to do here Oh am i
dead yep totally dead
alright I died I died what uh what was I
supposed to do and that's the dry I
think I'm supposed to wiggle the
joystick back and forth a lot and I did
not wiggle I know okay oh it's daytime
now I think I wanna I really want to get
that captain we're gonna try that again
let's go for one more time okay here we
go
do do do do do do do do to do to do to
do to do what's it what's it what's it
who slaves and shit
yeah get out of here oh hey no come here
I killed you thought I killed it there
okay good
run away slaves run away oh oh I think
the the giant beast was distracted by
the slaves running away like I went to
go eat them so now I can go out okay
that's stuck on a wall
okay so now I can go see if I can kill
that oh shit there's another beast there
how do I hop on thoughts on the new Star
Wars footage well it certainly was Star
Wars footage yep that it was looks fun
sure no I don't know jack-shit about the
movie story the characters looks good
yep
I sure those are the ones you can ride
are the really big giant fucking troll
looking ones the ones you can ride I
think ours I think I can ride these but
I don't know how and so I'm just gonna
keep Dodge rolling away until he goes
away but he's not going away so I gotta
run I think you have to fall fall onto
them and like I stole that effect I'm
sure okay and I'm not sure which
monsters could be those dog things or
could be the big I think it's these Oh
apparently I didn't do it damn it okay
guess what I'm not going back there
because I died twice in a game on some
of that new peanuts movie I do have the
skill to ride them new please the new
peanuts movie looks adorable yes I
really like the art style hold on I need
to double-check that I have the ability
to to ride these motherfuckers I think
you're trying to either ride the wrong
thing or you're trying to mount it wrong
either of these things could be correct
strike from above detonate race done
where would it be I want to say I got
this ability chance finisher poison
throwing daggers brutalize
Ryde kagura's press r1 to mount a car a
Gore from above okay once mounted you
can ride climb and fight with them so I
do are you right I need to like stealth
and press r1 so there'll be a button
prompt is basically the thing okay
but I do have the ability it is right
there unlocked great great we're
learning all right let's uh let's move
on where do we want to move on to what's
this guy what's this guy oh he's a guy I
get to interrogate I think where is he
he's right next to me well he's like a
right fucking there oh you're so fucking
dead
it's fucking dead I'm gonna fucking kill
you and your whole fucking party or not
or you're gonna kill me I know it'll be
fine
here's the real tough part though is now
I need to like kill everyone else around
him and not him yeah you can interrogate
the mid-fight okay yes okay well you
need enough time to get a grip hold it
sure i stunned him that all basically
you want to stun everyone around him
then grab him and do the interrogation
bullshit wrong button I know there's
only like three buttons I think I'm
doing pretty good killing everyone else
so I think I'm gonna keep trying to do
that oh are you running away
you motherfucker get back here chase
them down I'm chasing him down get back
here hey dickhead I spent I spent like
five minutes to chase someone fucker
down before come here come here come
here
got him oh don't have to do it again
what do I have to do hole hold the hold
down the grab button hit hey I killed
him I somehow killed him did you hit X
now I was just holding the hole at the I
was holding the hold button no no no
that's the suck life out of the hole
button is the left bumper for the right
right bumper I think hold on that
actually goes like a grab and throw
Oh whoopsie yep well that's fine
I killed them to death instead and
that's fine that's gonna be fine like
you played this game for like like an
hour and a half it's fine oh yeah no I'm
still learning I'm still learning and
I'm sure everyone in the chat completely
understands that I'm still learning so
they're not judging me at all I just
want to make sure they know that
get away from that cave just like a
regular old towel though always it works
and randomly running around this world
makes no sense to me right who are you
I thought I would just kill a couple
guys really quick before choosing my
next mission and then another captain
showed up its captain every two seconds
rich and I hate that I hate the fucking
captain's that kill me all the time you
know why why oh it's because I'm dying a
lot yeah I get it yeah yeah captain
spawn whatever oh yeah okay yeah all
right I guess I'll just continue with
the story then Oh
this spirit of Mordor okay let's go do
the spirit of Mordor killed you like
four times I don't fucking care I hate
him he might have he always late he
always catches me at the wrong time or
at the right time like a parent
according to him what will happen if
Donald Trump is president honestly
comedy lots of comments lots of comedy I
I did read that no I mean it'll never
happen I love the fact that he is the
supposed front-runner in the GOP
primaries yeah well you know according
to like a weird poll that can't be right
that's gotta be joke it's gotta be
that's that's gotta be liberals like
they see the poll let's write down
Donald Trump yes
but I mean if he is that's fantastic
news for liberals because obviously I
mean obviously he's not gonna be
President I I have far I have far too
much faith in humanity even if he won
the popular vote I got to imagine the
Electoral College with the electoral
college would just be like okay guys
here's the thing no no no no only won 49
of the 50 states but not this is you
know what everybody this is just for
your own good
this is a for your own good kind of
situation a herb I need is nearby I
don't need any herbs I don't need any
hurt whatever I don't need no fucking
herbs here's the thing over here there's
like a trinket there's this trinket from
the front to back I feeling that
okay
lots of works yeah lots of sneakin lots
of sneaking in this game what is this
that looks like a fun herb I know I keep
saying herb and it's an herb he's
leading with like 12% oh my god wait was
that is that true like he is the
foreigner that's you know if that is
true that is like I said great news for
liberals everywhere oh I think that was
something I could interrogate I know I
know that's what Lorne Michaels would
like to say Wow well yeah
collect Intel great Intel will reveal a
captain strength and unlock their
weaknesses unlocked weaknesses and label
you to more easily defeat a captain hey
vulnerable means the captain can be
killed in one strike with a specific
combat strategy oh nice
Oh aye there's Intel on that captain
that keeps killing me all the time
vulnerable to stealth finishers can be
killed instantly using stealth finishers
wait we have an objective Hey find him
find him on the map yeah I'll try it'll
kill him
nice let's see here hint damaged by
explosions can he can be injured by
explosions all right all right you know
what let's go find him can I do that now
can I be like mark target target marked
boom
so we're you know these just show me on
the map where he is
no maybe no what I would love to figure
out people so someone said something
about there being like a skull with
lines or something I'm looking not on
the overworld map maybe just on my
regular oh I see yep he is he's just
done my regular map your map okay okay
Bowie you have Intel for me
wait did it kill him he's in the green
region on the map
did you just kill the insult no no I I
saw after oh crap
that's it right it's the X button
because there is no a button I'm playing
this on a Playstation oh oh did you buy
the PC version yeah okay Wow oh yeah I
guess I assumed you did but oh my god
I'm gonna write a rancor come here
fuck yeah I'm writing a fucking rancor
oh wait oh wait I need to dominate him
now we're talking
okay okay Square to attack triangle to
bite kills knocked down or unaware
enemy's oh i can use my bow and arrow on
him that's really great
okay now let's go see if we can find me
this this uh see if we can find me this
guy over here I see him on my map I'm
gonna head towards him wait I should
mark him on this map - he's in the greet
he's way over in the green section no
he's over here somewhere fucking I'm
heading towards of it this matter
use X oh I could I can still sprint with
them great guess what guys not going to
either fuck down
get out of here yeah
oh my god now we're talking now we got a
good now we got a game
now we got a game rich I'm very happy
for now III I'm very happy oh my god I
think I just heard him Hey oh my god I
think lime oh fuck yeah I can climb I am
as it turns out really deep into enemy
territory and it's probably a good idea
that I get out of here even though this
is where Touche
we're kind of dismount see what happens
oh he's so cool aren't you in Mordor
where the bad guys live I am in Mordor
where the bad guys live okay where's my
guy now
use your magic vision and look for the
red guy there is
okay vulnerable to stealth finishers can
be killed instantly using a stealth
finisher oh and I happen to be in an
area with a lot of stealth all right and
he's fighting my rancor ha deal with it
sucka duck
well I think I can do this if I get to
the I'm totally gonna fucking finish you
off mr. smile I didn't know about the HD
texture pack like I said I have a life
screw around the game for three what I
had to him highlighted for a self kill
and it changed the guy last minute sorry
damn it don't run away
yes that's what I'm doing I'm running
away I'm running away
nope that's that's hiding they all
follow me all the bad guys are following
me rich huh I think they killed my mouth
yeah he's dead a long wait I think that
I think I hate good enough and they're
losing interest in me okay yeah I think
they lost it all you know they can't
find me right now so if I just wait it
out I know and I just want to kill this
one guy okay
okay they lost interest in me now all I
got to do is kill this one guy and I'm
running away again yep they all lost
interest in me yeah that's right get out
of here nope no Ranger over here no
Ranger over here certainly not oh man
there's so many of these guys here rich
I'm so
yeah you're fine yeah I'm fine climb
this thing I did I claimed to call
things huh where's it going he's coming
up by me he's coming up right by me if
I'm lucky oh no he's gonna jump down oh
wait if I'm lucky oh god I think I can
get him I think I can get him right here
look I got him dumb I fucking got him
congratulations fucking got him boom
fucking boom you know what I'm doing now
running the fuck away just getting
getting right out of here getting right
out of Dodge revenge revenge wins all
did they follow me no they didn't see me
great okay that's great yeah that was a
that was really deep into an enemy
stronghold by the way so not the best
idea but you know all's well that ends
well I think I can get my mount back I
think I know where was he who's in a
cage somewhere they know there is he's
amount is in a cage over here you know
what there's enough rooms where if I let
him loose I might be able to jump on him
again alright really I should say fuck
it I need to say fuck it let's go on
let's move on no there's so many fucking
guys here it's fine that's what I needed
to hear it
that's what I needed to hear
stealth kill
did you try shooting the walk on the
kitch oh that's a good idea
you jump down to fight it yep fighting
right now
Oh doing pretty well yep
betta there's no captain the captains
are always would screw me up because
they're very powerful
oh well except for their spear guys here
oh we have I need to run away okay
running away running away spear guys get
out of my get that town yeah it sounds
the spear guys let's go yeah where's the
cage now now can't hit it from here oh
shit they're throwing shit in there
throwing shit at me rich so it's almost
like I attacked them running oh hey I
killed a lot of them so if that counts
for anything
oh shoot the lot it's on the other side
although I'm still killing people again
okay I do anything oh here we go I can
get over here I see like there's like
bees nests that I can drop down to fuck
with people yes I think I might do that
let's see how do we do that
just hit the cage anywhere somebody else
is saying
oh yeah okay great I'll give that a try
I also just unloaded a fury of bees on
them shot the cage didn't oh it didn't
work Thanks
can I jump on you now oh yeah it's gonna
kill now
oh I said after like read dominate him
I'll just let him fuck him up for a
little bit that works well that works as
well we'll see if he can fuck any of
them up and then I'll drop down and kill
him
you
is there another cage that might be I
don't know I think they just put him
back in the cage I don't know if they
like I think that's different that's
gotta be it could be it's probably
multiple ones Roger I thought I saw oh
yeah thanks I think they killed him
I think they kill them yeah
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo stealth
killin doot doot doot doot jump okay
stealth killing and to do to to stealth
killing Wow yeah you kill those rooks
rooks what a terrible name rooks
where did there was just a guy oh wait
rooks watch worse aren't they acids very
dangerous I always thought they were
aruch eye or is that even a different
thing what they're two different high I
don't I don't know Lord of the Rings I
just don't
sure I don't even know there was
something called an aloof until I played
this game so oh and I'm hearing from a
voice from beyond that aruch eyes are
different altogether
well will prereq get a mascot I thought
I thought I was in yeah yeah we have one
it's called rich Evans and it's pretty
great mascot well I think there's a
captain in here I think if I defeat the
captain I like take the stronghold
that's probably part of a story mission
probably but I'm here now so oh oh hey a
random guy who can kill I'm glad he
didn't see me there was a random like
Archer where I was climbing around yep
oh he's mine now
see a guy can interrogate over there so
I'm totally gonna go do that you're just
standing around all alone by yourself
aren't you would be a shame if someone
dropped down and stuck a knife in your
fucking neck where is everybody
yep there's another beast up here
there's another beast I can thought I
saw another one yep there certainly is
it's gonna be mommies now
no you are not gonna like anything
motherfucker
but I killed them
who did you alert
so probably screaming I was sure it was
certainly not a stealth kill step not
like that even though that guy clearly
saw me that guy clearly saw me I still
feel for him
they tell me he doesn't see me ah video
game logic this guy doesn't see me rich
you're gonna see him in a second he
certainly doesn't see me he said it must
have been rats did he really say it must
have been rats yep oh that's a total
thief reference yeah come on turn around
I want to kill you
now you
that's a thief stealth reference nice
hole well that's fun you know what that
is
that's fun worms will expose captain's
weaknesses hope there's a worm
okay so we want to
there are just two orcs randomly
fighting in the pit and the fight pit
and I kind of love that don't kill you
then we're gonna practice my interrogate
all right and interrogate great I did it
I gained Intel yes that's what we want
to do we don't want to kill him
Intel he's weak too many things great so
now we will kill you
thank you for your Intel
oh really do-do-do-do-do-do thank you
for your Intel this is kind of fun now
like now that I'm in a stronghold and I
kind of like even though it like this is
not part of the main story and it's it's
almost like a meta game I like that I
just want to clean out this stronghold
that's my only goal now is to clean out
this stronghold do they respond though I
really hope not that's a good question I
I think I can take it seems to be like
they do Chad this is a question for you
then do they respond I'm gonna be so
fucking pissed
I'm just gonna be pissed if they respond
get up
gotta get up to get down what's the
objective here none you're just goofing
around no but I think there is an actual
objective here where there's like a
stronghold there is like I think I can
take this oh wait what was that
there's more Intel I can get in here I
guess I'll try to do that move it oh is
that what is that it's gonna be part of
a main story thing later I'm sure what
does she I have to say about respawning
they don't respond the more storm in
from outside oh great okay but you know
those guys from outside they probably
spot so half a dozen a six or six and
one hand half a dozen in the other right
yeah all right well you know what I
think I'm just gonna drop this pile of
bees and then get out of there and drop
the pile of bees petty I know
let's petty I don't care okay
all right now I'm gonna get my mount
back there's new guys over here that's
fine guy in chat the only part of this
that's really like the Batman games is
the combat yeah
what
no oh I opened up the cage and then
rolled directly into the cage whoopsie
but he's busy killing other things now
so I'm gonna be okay with it yeah I
suppose I could have where's he now
where is he where's my friend he's in
the pit he will be mine now you will be
mine now yes you're mine now
getting out of here wait I should
probably know where I'm going first
at some point you're gonna get to a
point where we can't call this arkham
combat anymore i think this is becoming
its own thing it feels it's like it's
like when when first person shooters
used to be called doom clones yeah do
that at some point because it's just too
damn many of them and they're not gonna
stop well so so the question is what do
we call this like good cuz it's a good
question
our come combat is like it's you know
it's like he can anticipate what's gonna
happen and so there's there's like do we
just call it like hero combats
anticipation combat you know what group
combat that's not much of an emphasis on
one-on-one fights it's all about large
groups oh sure free flow combat yeah
works check ooh free flow free flow
combat I like that
Oh oh my god this thing handles like ass
okay get out of here get out of here
getting out of here getting out of the
encampment all right whoa whoa
the beast you are hunting is nearby what
beast pardon me
am I going this way this way I'm going
this way
whoa whoa oh shit
can I climb this no can I climb this yes
free shit shit my visa is on fire my
beast is on fire first get promoted when
you die did they get promoted
immediately or you just dead for like a
while before you resurrect they get
promoted immediately once I die but by
the way taking out captain's with the
rancor
really easy it might be weak to them oh
maybe he was oh shit no that's no I know
no oh there is a rancor you're right oh
shit
oh they killed my Beast
crap crap it is fine but now I'm uh I'm
just fighting a bunch of dudes
that's okay I got I got plenty of help
shit
I'd say that right before I died I
didn't die it
Simon of these stream Starks different
times usually a 38 yeah especially in
Sundays it's usually 8:30 Central u.s.
central u.s. time Central Standard Time
say well central daylight savings time
now okay yeah is what I need to get the
plug out of here it's we there we go
I hate daylight savings yeah so other
countries do daylight saving thanks know
so that's just a quickie importuning of
Ben Franklin catch on because it's the
one stupid thing he ever advocated well
you know the other countries are also
not as wide as America and so you know
it was it's a fine idea which is you
know all oh way oh no that's time zones
I was thinking of I'm dumb
don't listen barrage great just thinking
of time time zones in general great I
found some shit that healed me which is
great
there's Intel to be gained over there oh
and there's some slaves to be freed okay
do I have arrows
I'm gonna grab the shit out of you
I'm gonna grab the shit out of you oh
you can gain intel on anyone that's fun
I didn't know this I don't know you
could like choose who you gain intel on
let's see here this guy oh this guy is
central to a mission that I'm about to
go I can't gain intelligence well fuck
it
so you can gain intel on some people ok
ok yeah that's neat I'm getting into it
now that I did not I did not know about
this I thought the gaining Intel only uh
only like told you where they were
oh Emily you know cuz it does that like
close up every time every time you meet
them and then the close up reminds you
of their weakness which is very useful
okay great we're doing great
everything's great um I'm about to go do
this mission so I'm gonna pause real
quick and we'll take a little moment to
thank subscribers all right you know
what alright indeed let's see we got
here it's very tiny my setup is a little
janky right now so terrible things might
happen
yep okay oh I just unplugged oh no oh
god you have terrible things they are
now we did not lose the stream but okay
there we go
it's just very tiny why are you so tiny
okay let's okay Oh God alright okay
ready Elvis delvis sloth Boy Advance
doom-doom pokey striker 1 1 2 1 MC Lukas
perfect dark splurgle
smoogle hi balance funny
we very much appreciate it
Barclay DC cracker man 5 to 6 Jean pecan
that's another Jim pickle uh Godfather
42 buff eponymous RMT for JP versus the
world
chemo chemo oh my lord
chemo bill kansan chemo bill Kansan
zoeva's and Papa Zulu thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
really do we really do it's it's really
true my computer got unplugged for a
moment oh my god that's fine how do we
not lose because it's going through a
laptop I have to use my laptop to stream
at the moment which is why I'm running
this through the ps4 because obviously
my laptop is not powerful enough to play
games on it but my main office area is a
little usable so I'm a little I'm I'm
streaming directly from my living room
at the moment which is really great for
playing because I get to play on the
real TV instead of my computer monitor
but alright oh it is nice but you know
and TV is nice too and then sit on the
couch ok what am i doing what am i doing
right no uh well first of all I've been
doing some great stuff in the game you
have you have I feel really good about
where I am do I have any upgrades hey I
say goofing off me we're just not really
following the story going around doing
things yeah right now I'm just gonna run
doing things but I think that's the the
that's cool of a good game is that I can
just go around oh I do I have one I'm
not I'm not criticizing Jack I'm just
describing oh good well good I'm glad
oh I can get a last-chance finisher
that's kind of fun what is this one
critical strike double hit streaks gains
on well-timed attacks tap square only
once as each strike connects to receive
the bonus other well time moves such as
dagger throws can be critical strikes oh
yeah I want that critical strikes great
great all right great all right getting
out here doing the main story
shoot hanging bait to attract Kara
Gore's sauron's rooks relentlessly
abused lesser orcs in their violent
struggles for power investigate how the
power of the Wraith can exploit these
struggles piercing weak minds to bring
down the enemy forces from within one
orc mind in particular shines as a
blazing beacon of weakness dun dun dun
you know like you know a lot of people
like this fantasy world you know the
hunter the knight the orcs unnecessarily
something I'm into but I'm not not into
it if that makes any sense like I just
don't like I'm indifferent towards it
I'm like Batman which like that's a
world I can really get into superheroes
in that this is a word that I'm just
kind of indifferent to but I love the
game play science fiction yeah maybe
maybe weirder fantasy like kief but it's
kind of half steampunk world it's got a
neat mm-hmm well that has like a
technological element like Dishonored
looks really fun even though that's kind
of like a Victorian said but it's like a
little steam punky
whoo okay gorath Kara Gore tamer gorath
the Kara Gore tamer located at main
mission captain and worms will reveal
all intel on target when interrogated
cool great press are two vulnerable to
mounted beasts can be killed instantly
by mounted beast finishes and you wait a
minute what
well Gore off is a Kara gore tamer yet
he has a fear of Kara Gore's he becomes
terrified at the sight of Kara Gore's
yet his job is to tame the Kara Gore's
and in fact he has like a dead Kara gore
helmet on maybe he's a poser his whole
life is a lie
and he just hates going to work every
day one day they're gonna find that's
right I'm gonna whip those dickheads
into shape don't look at me that's
exactly
something happen to the chat I'm not
getting any new messages
no I'm still getting new messages Jack
not getting the joke it's supposed to be
a joke no I'm not getting the joke oh
there's things humorous do you think
they're saying that there is like
in-game banter where people the other
rooks say exactly the same thing so that
that is the joke is that he's like as
afraid of these things but has this job
okay well then I didn't get the joke
because I didn't hear it I guess that's
really funny
so this goat off is in charge I'm not
walking right now by the way everyone I
can control the camera but I am NOT
walking
I'm just fought like it says to follow
him but I'm not pressing the move button
by rich by rich news defenders will
block frontal attacks must be hit from
behind okay great so very bad man hold
on I'm not I'm gonna tread it over rich
is coming back
rich what what's gone up yeah yeah hung
up I did not hang up oh that was
disconnection oh oh oh so what you might
have missed is we have an escort mission
okay and this rat bag orc wants to be
leader of the camp and it looks like we
need to keep him alive Oh what so
