Episode 172
Shadow of Mordor & a Half (Part 3)
August 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba3zRUH1m2I
___________________________________________

nope ooh ratbag is not doing well come
on rat bag where are you oh sorry
rapping there we go okay rich yes I'm
okay just want to make sure want to make
sure I didn't lose you again are you
stabbing repick yeah I accidentally hit
ratbag a couple times oh man once again
I'm not walking on that can remember so
this is yeah this is a weird escort
mission where ratbag leads me the next
thing I'm sure there's gonna be another
group fight in here where I have to keep
them alive and why not let me follow oh
now again so golem looks like movie
golem right uh yeah why do the orcs not
look like the movie orcs movie york's
were kind of like look like mud monsters
well those are those i think were the oh
okies there's different works that's
what according according to the expert
who is here right now the the mud
monsters i believe are the Uruk eyes all
right all right and and so there's orcs
or rooks and O'Rouke eyes and it looks
like now we have a stealthy section
base now complaining bacon for their
Lord
they're not gonna see that whoopsie no
they didn't see that array I made a big
stealth mistake but it's alright because
they didn't notice that oh shit I
probably wasn't supposed to do that I
was supposed to search for goeth without
raising an alarm and I just killed
someone which is probably gonna raise an
alarm if anyone sees him all right
you'll be fine I'm sure I'll be fine i'm
not i'm not really worried about it i
haven't I have a dumb plan when I kind
of cheese the game a little bit i'll
just go over here no one will see me I'm
gonna stealth kill this guy and no one
will see me do it no shit or they will
oh no he's dead it's fine
she's in the game I'm probably not
supposed to kill these guys oh sure
you're fine there's a lot of them over
here I just don't kill anymore right JP
verse the world we did it did we talked
about an hour ago I'm sorry Oh talk
about what I a lot of dying yes yes we
did very very sad and very very
interesting you know one just you you
just wonder what's gonna happen that's a
sudden though well I mean sudden because
yeah sudden he had he was sick he had
her like a big operation recently haha
bees I'm just knocking down bees
search for goeth without raising any
alarms I'm not raising alarms you know
just be either Wallabies might have
raised an alarm raised to be alarm it
raised the B alarm but not that not the
me alarm that's the important part
somebody not to be down and wasn't it
work they don't like the bees like bees
Jack oh I might have just raised an
alarm
he took great I feel like I'm doing
great also I don't feel like I'm doing
great at all I just don't feel like I'm
doing oh ok I think I see what's going
on hey I need to knock these guys out of
their cages here
oopsie one of your animals is gonna get
out yes they're not an animal now Oh
goddammit there's not an animal in there
here we go whoopsie one of your animals
is gonna get out it's not gonna raise
any alarms it's gonna be fine gonna be
fine do I get my go up there sure I do
something I really enjoy is how like all
the climby stuff you can just kind of
climb almost anything and so it makes
these like these kind of like an arena
these makeshift arena area is very fun
just cuz you can climb up anything so
much for him always being in the same
place captain who fears is based here is
a powerful tool time let's put corals to
work
okay so yeah the the it is a joke that
he okay that he fears his own beasts
that is that is the gag
and so yeah I'm just kind of letting all
the beasts out hoping that they do some
of the work for me here help shot
who is that more bees i can drop fuck
yeah drop the bees drop the bees you
know we're doing dropping the bees I
don't even know if I'm supposed to be
dropping these but I'm doing it you you
do that thing jack yeah i'm dropping all
the bees rich all the bees gonna be
dropped ah mostly because it's funny so
so many in the chat say they're making
an animated version of The Killing Joke
I'd yes I did see that I I read about
that could be fun you know hopefully
hopefully they get mark hamill I mean
obviously me now he's having you know
fuck fuck it Kevin Conroy too I can make
purple make it absolutely perfect
more beasts are they mow beasts okay I
think I get what I'm supposed to do here
now i'm just not hit
Oh Bruce tim is doing it sweet who's
Bruce Timm look Batman a mystery Scott
oh that could be fun that could be real
fun is he going with his art style or
are they going to make it look like the
comic book I imagine with bruce timm
it'll be the batman tas style you would
assume so but yeah I know Hamill would
would do the Joker for the killing joke
so
oh okay I see
letting the beasts co
distracting the guards by letting the
beasts go doo doo doo doo doo wine easy
I love the little distraction tool have
you been using that at all the
distraction tool though you can like
point with your bow and arrow and like
instead of hitting shoot the bone error
you can hit triangle and it like makes
all the energy look where you would have
shot it's pretty great just got addy
yeah you know it's fun you get to you
get to muck around with some stuff
you go check it out come on man clear
the bridge some of us one across it I
guess I'll just go around I guess I'll
just go around fucking doo doo doo
okay okay
I'll probably need a kerrigor to kill
this end boss don't assume i spend like
a hundred of them in there yeah but I ya
know they have to plan on you not having
the upgrade for it though right I don't
know we're close well which one of his
filth is golf
you hear about that captain they're
gonna set on fire yeah we got the slaver
killed to those who found their body
said they were too bird to even eat oh
crap
oh shit nope you didn't see me he's
totally didn't see me rich you're gonna
see this in a second okay you're gonna
see this in a second this guy totally
didn't see me oh whoops don't have good
eyesight apparently not apparently they
really don't have good eyes APIs that
was a little how do you hear that I look
like you're you're climbing up the wall
yeah yeah you're outside the walls
that's fine I island dump alexan are 11
near the area you know what I'm gonna
see if I can get on this kerrigor here
oh my god biscuits freaking out she kill
that Archer before he kills the Beast oh
I did kill the actor I must have just
missed it target is oh the target
escaped oh the captain got away oh I
guess I should have been chasing him you
fucked up I did I totally fucked up
that's all right yeah well I know to
chase him now I didn't know that before
hi biscuit sorry something has been
brought to my attention I'm usually not
in the living room when i stream and
biscuit is joining us here for a little
bit probably not going to say anything
but ok but then i have cat hair alarming
that's not helping the situation
that we're gonna be shifting off
somewhere else oh there is there is
growth or off the car wadleigh oh I
already notice me this time that Archer
not as why did you think they are
apparently none okay I got him fearing
the car girders again hold on oh I do
want to kill this Archer I don't wanna
have to deal with this bullshit later
shit YZ okay can't let him get away this
run run okay now take up hold x + r1 to
tackle and tear it what am I not
why am I why are you what I don't know
rich oh well maybe I'm just posed to
kill him hold hold the the the hold
button I was i think im just posed to
kill him it might not be weak enough
shit
and I supposed to do here try I don't
know it tells me to hold x and r 1 to 10
an enemy to tackle him and like he's
just flailing all about and so I think
it wants to when you're running hold the
r one button dumb and you'll do it actor
oh you have to hold it down not just
press it yeah oh okay sure okay that's
fine
anyway again he's running away again I
gotta go catch em gotta go catch him
fuck you get out of here out of here get
out of here get out of here getting away
again what me you dickhead come here
come here you dickhead you dickhead he
just keeps running rich I'm sorry I got
the fear of the cargo or in him can you
kill him without me right would that be
easier if he's not running away yeah I
think I should have jumped on a beast
and ins to kill him with Abby's yeah
yeah hey Co I fucking got him finally
fucking shank him our Shannon shanking
doesn't work come on that's like slowly
slices ass up
they're okay fury attack works pretty oh
there we go nice fury like act yeah okay
after power struggles battle reports
will recap the events and oh I already
knew that because I was fucking around
that's fine that's fine Oh ratbag the
coward is now promoted to captain ratbag
the coward is uh is the one we helped I
think no I don't know if I have to kill
him now or is he if he's gonna be my
friend in the story I need you to take a
pony back to marketing I want to give me
a trophy dad filthy cops are need you to
carry oh yeah we helped red bag Oh
and now ratbag is the leader over here
that's funny little be your next time
yeah and when you're done with that I've
got more bodies for you to carry me at
the crossroads an old friend there is
about the losses
nope story story oh my fag has more
personality than the other characters
including the protagonist very true yes
so far i completely understand ratbags
motivation he's uh he's dynamic it's
simple you know he just he just wants to
be successful like I'm not sure whether
our mayor protagonist wants Ford once
redemption wants revenge or just wants
to die so we can be with this family
yeah that's i'm not sure what could
possibly be next we must use the weapons
of our enemy against you makes it a
perfect Lord of the Rings character hey
oh but I'm chunk okay great we uh took
care of some stuff oh I can unlock a new
ability unlock ability
wait come back okay let's see what I can
unlock oh my god just let it die biscuit
yeah I don't know what he's doing it's
fine he's dying it's fine yeah what are
you going after I don't I just don't get
what's happening um all right what can I
do here max alpha oh and I can't get
that one sword room slut unlocks roots
lot with your sword sure that sounds fun
let's do that and ruin slot from a
dagger to let's do that and the rooms
love for my boat ruin slots for everyone
yay all right let's see here last chance
finisher that could be fun that could be
fun bo attacks aimed at Rick gooks legs
will pin him in place use quick pinning
shots to keep a fleeing work from
escaping or Moto's Eliza mobilizing that
could be good we want that probably
let's cheer went up also
bit a bit of biscuits going a little
crazy Jack even equipped rune yeah yeah
I everyone's equipped and now I can
equip more ruins so we're gonna so we
know we'll check that out check out
what's going on here yeah I already have
like so equipped I have this 676 percent
chance to recover full health when you
hit a streak of 30 see we have next
one's nice I think that's a really know
because that's a really nice reward for
keeping your streak up if you can do it
cover six percent health on ooh
twenty-four percent chance to recover
five health on any kill that's pretty
nice that's pretty nice yeah I never
surrender as you gain an additional last
chance to return to the fray in combat
against rooks that's pretty nice oh I
chose the one that made my flame my
sword good on fire sometimes that's what
let's see here train or brand
juice is the focus depletion rate by
fifty percent or if cover five percent
help on head shot kills let's see here
and let's reduce the focus time and with
the dagger maybe biscuit wants to play
the game maybe that's what's going on no
now biscuit is just lying down and
cleaning himself I think he just went
nuts for a second which happens what you
know that do that happens sometimes yeah
biscuits a complicated creature
eighty-five percent chance to terrify
more than two works on a brutalized kill
Oh God so you can do I can recover focus
on a stealth kill yeah I want that i
still kill a lot okay great great
great
great what am i doing now what's over
here what's happening oh if I defeat a
tug och the Guardian I can earn a
special reward so I guess I was like
yeah I guess I should thank you sounds
like a gold Jack let's do that Oh long
but first there's like a tower or some
shit over here that I can get so we can
show the world we talking about well
shit how have you not seen me
I I gotta sneak back out of here now
shit no it's fine everything's fine Oh
going all the way up apparently okay no
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine everything's fine here still
still figuring it out it'll figuring it
out there's a guy can kill you you can
destroy walls oh crap wrong motherfucker
Oh motherfucker it Jen I got spotted
you'll be fine I'm sure I'll be fine
combats easy in this game you just
always get spotted I know I always gets
about it Oh always get spotted yes this
time he's good spotted kill everybody
and don't worry about okay I'm on it
oh I'm gonna
especially now with your 75 percent
chance to regain it PhilHealth right
there we go that's what I really wanted
to do is get that Forge going and now
who some new missions are real so now
there is a captain or something to kill
there's some shit to do over here now
rich excellent yes is this
start mission defeat tug cock the
Guardian to earn special rewards he's an
elite captain but I have no I don't have
any information on dr. Guardian so I
think I'm gonna go look for some people
to interrogate there anything we haven't
talked about let me check my list we
talked about Batman vs Superman
obviously ash vs. Evil Dead new Aunt May
new Aunt May oh yeah who America marisa
tomei is a me yeah yeah yeah that's fine
it makes more sense I do prefer like an
ant wouldn't be elder like maybe an ant
would we an ant is not necessarily
elderly yeah and the the the gag or not
the gag be the shtick of Aunt May being
like old and fragile is one that I've
never much cared for yeah um I've really
had like even even away back in a day
just like oh my poor heart might give
out if if that spider-man got anywhere
near me is something that it gets so old
so fast and so yeah so yeah I'm okay
with the young grandma and I you know
miss just um he's fine there's no a lot
of people on the internet were pissed
off the butter at least not happy about
it that make sense yeah why are they
pissed off about it I don't know cuz
she's supposed to me because she's
supposed to be all the way yeah she
doesn't have to be elderly I don't care
I don't care about elderly man helo
hopes we get to see uncle then get shot
again everything every you mean you mean
Jai Courtney is he gonna be uncle Uncle
Ben Oh congratulations you need to stop
saying his name because we need to
forget his name rich we'd ever get that
that man has a name I think his origin
is gonna be handled in a brief flashback
yeah yeah that could be I need some I
need some people to interrogate her some
greenies I mean no an aunt should be as
roughly the same age as the the mother
and the mother is not going to be
elderly you know roughly it could be an
older and much older like 30 years older
like elderly 80 year old at me know oh
yeah I know it's definitely shouldn't be
that bad yeah do you see me you're
running right towards me do you see me
Marvel's got their shit together I think
they know people don't want to see
another movie that's just the origin
right yeah they know enough they know
enough to know they know enough I read
somewhere they're shooting for something
that feels like a John Hughes movie what
ya playing up the the childhood growing
up kind of angle sure hon hey dick check
that out there's some stuff over there
all right I'll just fight you boo ball
fleshing glutton is the captain I need
to face at the moment if not see the sua
squad Suicide Squad trailer I just don't
care I have not seen the Deadpool
trailer just because I haven't seen the
dead bored do you have seen the digital
trailer because you haven't seen the one
because I haven't seen the Deadpool
trailer I stopped a link to an article
there's a guy that comes like a check
email all over yeah I think sections
that new Deadpool trailer reveal an
eclipse and all that's interesting and I
clicked on the link and there was a
story about the new trailer but no
actual leaked video of the trailer just
like fuck you oh yeah yeah I'm sure I'll
see it at some point
yeah it looks fun um if it's anything
like the test footage they did it'll be
great yeah yeah that's that's exactly
what it looks like I need to decide what
I'm doing next girl so I'm just gonna
endlessly run away from things again all
right let's see here yeah maybe I'll
just hang right here for a second I'm
doing fairly well fairly well for the
moment what else did you think you think
that endows gonna keep up there there
are no screaming policy or they're not
you know their monetization policies
with the new regime that's that's the
can we expect massive changes dare I say
I like I don't want to call it exciting
because that almost sounds like I'm
disrespecting you wanna but he had some
old-school philosophies when it came to
Nintendo business practices and so you
know I'm hoping we do see some changes
and I think those changes would be
positive no disrespect meant of course
and you can mean disrespect it's fine we
didn't know no that's that's true we
didn't know but I still don't want to
he's in Japan's is his friends and
family we're not gonna hear the stream
you can say is a cocksucker nobody cares
I just don't I don't want to say that
okay I just don't think that would be a
nice thing to do he was a mildly amusing
Muppet he that's true there's my eulogy
for Iowa yes
these are all true things are saying
might like the new guard go hand hold
only you know old only and held only
would be very profitable
who the hate of burns what oh shit who's
hit me who's hit me you are ok I can
take you up
look I didn't call I want a cocksucker I
said Jack could so chose which which
wild true I would not but but but yes
nevertheless i could but i but I won't
the the new president of its center will
be j courtney j you have an obsession
rich i think with Jack Courtney you
might have an unhealthy obsession with
jack or this he's kind of a poster boy
for mediocre awful this now listening
you know I'll here's what I I don't know
because i do not see terminator genisys
oh now we have two captains off fucknuts
now we have two captains
bring knives gunfight says rich Evans
versus owatta in Valhalla come Tuesday
sorry rich that's when you go that's I'm
fine with that that's all you're fine
with that's when you go you didn't even
say what Tuesday I'm fine Diane a
Tuesday get one last weekend in not over
the hump yet
oh yeah now we have another captain so
we're getting out of it we now have
three captains I don't like them
captains well three is just a little
much right three is a little much deal
with so we're running away yeah you know
one captain and a bunch of goons you can
deal with we're gonna go to the can you
kill them all except for the story ones
like early you can kill all the
captain's like but every time you kill a
captain it gets replaced by another
captain that's not sure where ever tell
you die no no else look at this like
this I think the only replace for you
die oh is that well when captains are
killed an open position is created in
saurons army new captain's can move in
to fill this position when time passes
okay so like right now I have a bunch of
dead captain's which is great but at any
moment someone could come in and be the
captain there are certain ones that are
you know kita story elements button cuz
I was killed by random dudes and they
got promoted right right I think that's
how the new captain's come into being
well that's how that's how new captain's
come into being but I don't know if if
that's the only way to come in okay I
don't know
I guess I'm just gonna sit here on my
Tower and he lapel oh there's a dog I
could jump on kind of want to jump on a
dog kind of want to jump on a dog rich
time passes when you die oh ok thanks
Lauren Saavik time passes when you die
rich so may you know maybe you're right
maybe they only get promoted when uh
when you die so no death row so pretty
pretty much that's what we're looking at
now I need to figure out what i'm doing
right now I'm just fucking around and
there's a guy can interrogate I want to
go interrogate that guy I like
interrogating guys that makes it easier
to kill captains and I hate captain's so
whoa rich letting some air out
I think that was biscuit Jack thought
you can't blame biscuit for another
captain mother fucker well don't die so
much no I didn't die I just in going to
get intel on a captain I ran into
another captain don't you dare retreat
you fucker get it back here ah gotcha
okay good uh is one picked cakes is Jack
doing and no death runs like Donald
Trump doing a no public appearances room
it's just not going to happen that's
true that's just very very true Jack
dies a lot in video games and that's
just a that's a truth that we all need
to be comfortable with
I feel very well but wouldn't you know
what's happened to me right here
probably getting a little too deep
too many bad guys yeah you're fun I
think I am because there's no captains
but there's a lot of bad guys oh why you
have that much problems with the
captain's I'm not that much harder but
you know like it's they're not that much
harder and like one captain not a
problem huh but then you know you get to
like you get to like two captains a
bunch of dudes and then each captain has
their weaknesses and then you know what
we're discovering this time is if you
don't know oh shit I got it just I'm
just gonna get out here this is too many
guys if you don't know what their
weakness is then they're a little hard
to defeat sometimes it's just a pain in
the butt is what it is what happens if
you don't collect the thing the captive
drops them oh you can come back for it
you can yeah even after you die you can
come back for it all right so that's all
I'm gonna do is there a marker where it
is so you don't lose it yeah yeah here
eat some bees
if it could get some please now don't
you motherfucker that's some B's yeah so
that's all maybe I made them all go away
so now I'm going to drop down and pick
it up and run away again okay where was
it going oh yeah i was gonna go like I
get Intel and so on that's right where's
that intel guy there is
it'll be hard to get into them a guy
with everybody fire and shit at me
though do-do-do-do ok area so there's a
dude over shit ah shit too many dudes
finding a new objective to any two hoods
ok what do we want to do here there are
slaves over here that need to be rescued
great oh my god your dad running away
and mostly I'm running away now because
like I've been fighting for so long that
I don't have a ton of health that's like
running away is really just a good
option at this point gonna get a 30 plus
combo jack good I know I know I could
use your tools you should tools but even
a 30-plus combo is not a guaranteed
health it's only like seventy-five
percent 75% a pretty good yeah okay all
right I'm REM away now who actually just
picked up some health and the captain's
right here alright fuck it I'm doing it
nope already low on health get out of
here getting out of here stuck in a rock
stuck in Iraq go go go stuck on another
Rock Tacoma vote you your character gets
stuck on rocks and I fucking hate that
Ronnie okay how you feeling about the
game jack overall I'm liking it uh based
on gameplay alone I'm really liking you
know story setting don't much care for
uh but I don't know that I could deal
with this in long bursts uh yeah this
would get this would get so old old
after like an hour yeah I think I think
I could be with you on that um like
Batman got over that with the very
admissions and of course yeah just being
yeah man but uh but yeah I guess I could
do it that's sick of fighting they want
to stealth you got sick of stealth they
want to search around for the plot yeah
gliding and then there's fighting again
yeah this is kind of fighting and bland
stuff yeah the stealth is definitely
very bland and and like you said there's
not really any varied locations like if
everything is crumbling buildings in
fields yeah and the same enemies the
exact same enemies with different skull
armor
over and over again oh shit oh shit oh
that's fine okay everything's fine rich
everything's fine let's get to the top
of this tower to get my free the slaves
mission going here that's what I want to
try to do free the slaves these slaves
are being punished for collapsing from
exhaustion rescue them from their
tormentors except
yeah people are agreeing with you rich
that it does definitely get repetitive
and you know that's fine this is what it
is it is what it is okay here we go I'm
gonna rescue these slaves and then I
think we're gonna call it seems like a
fair time to call the stream yeah
getting late I've had myself you've had
enough yeah okay and that's fine that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna free the
slaves thank our subscribers and call it
a night see if i could find some more
Pluto pictures you know just normal
saturday night stuff crap why do you
still look like a ghost you look like a
ghost um oh when you're hidden I think I
don't I really don't know
yeah when you're hidden what I'm not
doing a great job being self here but I
guess I don't really have to these guys
suck I was I was hoping to do this
stealthy but it's like a half fuck it
i'm here now because dagger looks odd i
think that's because it's not a dagger i
think it's the sun's broken sword yeah
which might is that the broken sword
from the rest of the movie no I broken
sword that aragorn no no no probably not
it is it is his sons broken sword not a
dagger yeah thank you
okay going back to stealth now failing
its stealth now failing it stealth now
sorry you have to get like 10 stealth
kills no I don't need to get any stuff
kills I just need to free the slaves
okay I was try was doing stealth because
like I wanted to do south but you know
at this point fuck it at this point
we're just killing motherfuckers
do-do-do-do-do stealthy jokes oh you saw
me right away go for the bow and arrow
guy first I do need to remember that
force there is the force push that's
really what it is it's forrest push I
don't use that nearly as often as I
should like I feel I'm Batman you used
your kit you know like your your cape
swing was very situational oh well I use
it all the temp how did you may maybe
that's why I took me so long to get the
combat boom especially the second one
and the other games were leads into the
beatdown I love doing the beatdown yeah
oh yeah and if this similarly has the
this has a ghost beat down when you do
the force bush yeah all right that might
be did I kill just everybody oh good I
was only to worry about Stealth anymore
I killed everybody already do you get
more points for doing stuff I don't know
don't know don't care second be so much
easier just to kill everything so your
computer may be stealth archers I'll
find this
drinks to run other than that Thank You
Ranger sure wait is there bad guy around
here oh there's he's up there ought to
do to do stealth kill still kill doo doo
doo doo doo lap still kill uh oh wait
there's one more guy oh wait there's a
couple more guys here that I'll kill
before we call this an evening just cuz
we gotta kill more guys yeah
nuts that was a cheap stealth kill
you're gonna see that in a second she
passed still kill ya you know what I'm
not going to sell these guys I want to
fight him hello
like I'm sure I think combos get you
more points than then like quick kills
so it's probably important to get up
that combo meter as much as possible
oh yeah and I have that thing we want my
combo reaches a certain amount of time i
get the the insta kill flaming sword
thing which is just the most fun because
that lets you kill people in slow motion
aah black blood ah great okay well that
seems like a pretty good place to end it
yeah ah so let me take a look at the
little subscriber button here and what
did we end off better try to remember
where we left off here you know I use
the new bird I am you oh you know what I
am using the new version i forgot to put
a bookmark in so I'm sorry I want to say
we left off at Zoe vioz so we have Papa
Zulu less than kate april i love you and
nimble 77 thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do I almost forgot Jack I almost forgot
I never know if you forget or if that's
just part of the bit either way I like
it usually it's part of the bit this on
20 but yeah thank you all for coming out
thanks all the new subscribers thank you
know the old subscribers and thanks for
everyone else just for coming out to
watch a little shadow mortar I think I'm
gonna pick this up every once in a while
alright alright it'll look exactly the
same and you'll be doing exactly the
same thing so you know we'll see if
we're gonna
