Episode 173
Batgirl, Bat Guuurrrl!! (Part 1)
August 9, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR8IkmQb8MA
___________________________________________

happening okay now it's happening I'm
gonna tweet I'm going to tweet right now
I say good evening it feels like fucking
midnight you were working yeah you were
working hi everybody we're going to wait
for confirmation it's happening no we're
not playing fallout is this is this the
new joke you want me to play fallout
because that's the joke
bad girl so this is the new bad girl the
Alsea feeel say don't look this is the
new bad girl DLC I got um i I bought the
season pass because I wanted to play the
DLC how much this season past season
passes 40 bucks this is fuckin Christ
right so you can play three 25 to 30
minute long story bits and get like
eight skins oh and then they're gonna
shoe whore inch horn in challenge mode
which fucking should have been there in
the first goddamn place I agree with you
fuck them I agree with you but I wanted
to play Batgirl laughs and and tell me
Jack can can you buy even if you don't
have the season pass can you can you buy
this individually not right now oh it's
well it's not available right it will be
available later how later like next week
like September oh no oh oh that's like
months away so we get the the early we
get we get suckered fucking DLC scam
bullshit we get suckered into buying the
season pass if we want to play it now
and be exciting oh yeah we also we and
as you accurately predicted with with
this we got a couple new skin packs we
got a new new 52 Batman and
some other skein I don't know yeah but
yeah so this is it this is this is what
we're doing tonight I'm excited about we
know what we were just talking about and
I'm glad you left it up on screen we
were just talking about how Harley Quinn
looks in Suicide Squad trailer and here
is something that I think is missing in
modern Harley Quinn Harley Quinn used to
look adorable yes she was she looked
like a sweet girl and so then when she
would say hit Batman with a giant mallet
the juxtaposition was fun and now she
looks like a badass so then when she
acts like a badass it's no longer fun
for me furthermore I mean it ruins the
pun Harley Quinn needs to look like a
Harlequin it's not a pun anymore it's
just it's just a name right she is no
longer a Harlequin yeah and so she's
just Harley Quinn and that's fine it's
but it but you know I I so in general I
dislike her new realistic badass look I
much prefer her I think actually in this
DLC we get to see her in classic
Harlequin garb okay oh yes did they end
in challenge maps ah no that's fucking
bass no challenge maps yet in fact they
look at a charge for that just makes me
sick yeah you called it you called it
you're calling it all rich
you called it all oh I say I smell down
all these stamps
know it like I understand that they're
going for like her as a mentally
deranged woman and you know like they're
playing up the acrobatic skill and you
know that's the part that Joker is going
to play in Suicide Squad is he's going
to like transform her into that girl
right he's gonna have a very small role
in the movie but of course they're going
to advertise him a lot she's not as fun
a character anymore this is this is my
problem she she is now a one-note
character whereas before she had a
little bit of fun and a little bit of
dimension
I like that girl rich is playing by the
way yeah rich gets rewarded with a
little play because he was working hard
today it's time for the bomb man
plus I'm not gonna spring for the
goddamn season pass so exactly I can
play this any time I mean I used prereq
funds to buy the season pass you know
but we have some set aside so it's okay
well Robins here too oh they're gonna
try to fly 30 that's fine oh god you're
up is it up and you're down is down or
the other way around you're down is up
like oh I inverted yeah sorry you know
you know me oh god I can't look the
right way well the pause in the roots
reset oh my god oh my god you can do oh
my god it's amazing how quick I got used
to that yeah yeah let's come in and is
this someone doing a Mark Hamill joker
impression I I don't even have the sound
and I mean it's not just it's too quiet
really sure
as Mike we did waste our hard-earned
prereq donations on this BPM it's the
new thing and you know we've been we've
been in a bit of a Batman mood and I
thought this might be fun and and more
so I wanted to see rich rich made a call
about this dlc in the next episode which
should be done really soon and I'm
really sorry that's taken so long now I
don't remember specifically what I said
about this one so exactly but you made a
call and so I want to see if you were
correct in your call interesting you
made an educated guess about the Batgirl
dlc and so far you're half right in that
we got a couple new skin packs okay okay
and then you made a call on the length
of the deals okay okay well I'm almost
certainly right yeah I'm sure you're
right but we get to play as Batgirl
that's fun all right oh that's right
they got a map to the old pad on this
because they're weird
talk about spacecab oh that's right the
space cop trailer went up that's a
glorious trailer you guys should be so
flippin hyped for space cop I'm so
flippin hyped for space cop so I don't
you know what what do you want to know
like yeah childhood amusement park what
didn't you Schmitt Park oh I get it okay
I'm I think I can answer this question
they want to know if Batgirl has a
unique moveset don't know no I'm
probably I just I just turned this damn
thing on oh look combat I don't care if
they have different karate moves yeah
it's just countered hit counter it it's
still two buttons if there's weird new
moves I figure them out right I should
probably sis
you went to audio options oh my god oh
my god I don't know what I'm doing
what are you doing I don't know what I'm
doing I'm applying shadow of Mordor and
hand of fate ha ha ha some all loopy ha
ha it's on the same game um I too have
been playing some more shadow of Mordor
and man I'm getting bored it's like
where's the where's the orc captain
right that's what that's what the game
should be called where's the or captain
where's the orc captain that will kill
you so oh that voice actress is phoning
it in uh I can't tell oh you can't hear
huh supposed to do jack uh space crap
I'm sure I'm trying to think of space
copy things to talk about I do you know
there's so there's so much good in there
I don't know oh I guess overall sure
someone that someone has overall rich
what did you think of the Suicide Squad
trailer uh I'm not familiar with DC and
I'm sure the costumes are different so I
was like who the fuck are 99% of these
people right I knew I knew Harley Quinn
and I know the-the-the jug of Joker
Juggalo Joker the judge oh hello The
Joker law
yeah well you know who Deadshot is was
that Deadshot Will Smith is dead job
he's dead shot yeah yeah yeah
Will Smith what did you watch the
trailer I didn't know he was dead shot
hold on we want to listen to Joker
that's Mark Hamill yeah yeah okay well
that's nice that's nice that is back for
us the first time i recommed night that
we're actually seeing the Joker yeah
ah Killer Croc looks cartoony but
whatever what where and this Suicide
Squad okay you know Killer Croc I don't
you know what I don't give a shit about
the Suicide Squad yeah yeah all right
that's fair you know what I care about
what ash vs. Evil Dead fucking ash vs.
Evil Dead looks like this could be the
greatest thing ever by far and away the
greatest thing ever it looks like it's
going to be the greatest thing ever
I'm so psyched for ash vs. Evil Dead
is gonna be that's gonna be great and I
guess it's not shocking I mean it's uh
it's all the same Sam Raimi director
first episode it's yeah you know you
know what Bruce Campbell's gonna do you
know you know he's gonna be Bruce - yeah
the left stick neither of them are doing
anything oh I was it just going oh okay
there you go
Suicide Squad got their name because
they make you want to kill yourself yeah
you know where am i moving this thing
and why I don't I just don't know
probably 200 just moving it out of them
okay you know they spent all their money
on Will Smith so my guess is the movie
itself is gonna look fairly cheap but I
just I don't the the nice thing about
that movie is I have almost no
preconceptions about 90% of the
characters in them mm-hm and so that
that is nice coming in from a fresh
slate the bad part is the one character
I dunno Harley Quinn it looks to be the
center of it
really she didn't do much in the trailer
she's featured along the trailer not
really ship what she does she's like one
line yeah but like they start on her and
yeah I got the Joker bed they got yeah
why because she's got tits yeah yeah
yeah yeah that doesn't mean she's that's
the central that does not mean she's
central in the movie but she's central
to the trailer well Smith is the famous
one the movies gonna set her around Will
Smith and he's gonna do a terrible shit
job as Deadshot or a dead shot or or
Deathstroke dead shot dead John I
originally thought he was Deathstroke
because he has a two-toned mask yeah but
apparently in this universe Deadshot has
a two-tone mask must very similar to
Deathstroke
but it's Deadshot not that stroke not
Deadpool why am why isn't in London
letting me move and attack his people
what's going on oh I don't know how was
the pay attention what does it want me
to do Jack what did I miss
oh you got to go up there I can't I have
no idea right I think you have to take
down everybody why is that thing blowing
orange can you do something with that
thing
is there thing it wants me to use should
you hack it can you hack the planet uh
yes I can hack the planet great now then
Oh oh my god what's scare
Oh see I got you shadow Mordor they're
really generous with the colors oh god
they are which is great because I died a
lot anyway it's made me a little bit
mashie I like that I stopped that
tired and sad says jack the biggest
reason why Batman vs Superman looks
better than Suicide Squad visually is
because one is thirty five-millimeter in
Suicide Squad was shot on a cheap-ass
Alexa one you probably don't know how
expensive an Alexa is because they are
not cheap-ass and Alexis are great
cameras so I don't know what you're
talking about
Alexa's are really great cameras know
that they look different because of
post-processing Batman vs Superman has a
cartoon filter over everything and and
an awful brown grunge color tint over
everything I don't care no rich doesn't
care it's gonna it's gonna be terrible
Mike Mike ants are like do whatever you
want the only thing that excited me at
Comic Con was really - first Evil Dead
yeah that's all that's all I need some
findable find some way to watch that on
Halloween yeah we need to find a bar
with stars because or or I'm just gonna
have to get cable for as long as done it
might be time for me to get cable up my
place anyway for the streaming oh sure
sure internet yeah
internet cable package for a nice
internet cable package that could be
Aleksei is cheap compared to a
35-millimeter i-i-i i think i've we've
talked about like my film versus digital
debate it doesn't matter as long and it
doesn't matter because Batman vs
Superman looks like a Zack Snyder movie
and I don't care if he shoots it on gold
lined film through a diamond lens camera
it's still going to be a boring movie
hey 3 overs all right yes was no
complicated thing in the world though
you know what the Thrilla 300 or three
thing and kill everybody I get it
oh no you don't kill her so she was
again I guess that's good for her
character she's a hacker she's a
computer lady so she's using computer
skills her cape gets stuck on her head
sometimes that's funny oh my god yeah
don't die is bad girl rich
300 was an alright movie Watchmen looked
alright it was it was pretty bland but
it looked decent watchman could have
been a lot worse
hahahahaha sure by the way that's that's
an appropriate way to see it to say that
though even though he probably wouldn't
have had any respect for the source
material would you have liked to have
seen the terry gilliam version or um
would have been probably would have been
different
and possibly interesting wouldn't had
anything to do with Alan Moore's work
but I want Alan Moore's work I can read
the fucking comic which is what you
should do anyway right right I think
Terry Gilliam would have ran with the
whole washed-up superhero thing and so
yes I would much and so that it wouldn't
there wouldn't be any action which is
wholly appropriate for the Watchmen yeah
and it would have concentrated more on
their characters being horrible people
so yes I would have really liked to see
the Terry Gilliam version krieger 783
goes I own 300 I just saw it on my shelf
when did I buy that it was probably the
very first DVD you bought and then you
put it away I never watched it again
I got David use at home I've never
watched yeah yeah now this cheap no
never get around to it forget I have it
like bat lady
yeah bat lady sounds weird that lady
sounds weird and I think Batgirl works
bat woman even that woman is strange
don't you think
hey you're just used to Batgirl I am one
bat woman works just as well as Batgirl
that woman yep
you know what there's there's an extra
syllable you gotta look for that voice
yeah girl is cheesier girl is cheesier
that's true
oh my god
Guillermo del Toro was originally
supposed to direct the Hobbit that would
have been a very different movie bad
lady lady t-tom by the way just a tiny
little thing
um when she does the scientist and who
knows how she has to like put an e on
their back to go like get to their
height oh yeah because she doesn't have
the weight or height of Batman and so
she has to like kind of jump on him a
little bit that's cute
tried time it nice
I almost miss this guy huh yeah that
would have been painful
oh I can't land on that spot well that's
just great now I can't get up there nope
he last year
it's a matter of pride I don't like
being seen yeah no I agree I'm with him
del Toro's Hobbit could have been great
he is a del Sur has a wonderful visual
aesthetic so it could have been great
yeah yes she does
what know if she has to I think it's
just animation they do there's not fun
yeah well I don't feel make it makes it
feel different I what I want to say is
that's attention to detail you know they
wanted to make her a little bit
different that's a that's a nice little
detail they put some thought into bat
lady lady cheetah bad lady you didn't
want to sign on take down them like I
like the variety
what's up oh hi are you coming and
joining I think I'm why we're watching a
bat lady I just made a beverage hole sit
down relax well here why don't you take
that chair and pull it back a little bit
and I'll get you a microphone what I
know ladies if J is here
oh my god where's our microphones we D
we needed microphones and we need cables
for Jays pardon my step rich can't climb
over that ledge for some reason oh well
oh no I can't hold on everybody
we're getting Jay set up Jay was working
said everyone almost went down there -
down there there's that as many fun
environmental takedowns in Arkham night
it's kind of disappointing there's no
like glass I can drop through there's
not as many breakable walls well yeah
this environment - looks pretty bland
compared to I think I think that has a
lot to do with indoor/outdoor like an
Arkham Asylum you know you're indoors so
there's more stuff there's more stuff to
interact with you know you know what I'm
saying you know I'm Sam you know I'm Sam
you know get out of saying shit no I
don't think anything's great I just
fucked up
well that's whose fault that guy wasn't
dead oh come on oh my god what did you
okay
those are said most recent Batman you
yes this is the new DLC where we get to
play as the bat lady lay bad girl
Batgirl or just call her what she's
called huh you can just call it a night
when she's called the Batgirl they go
back yeah he refuses ah I don't refuse
that ladies fun okay everything's fine
now my rooms in slight disarray ah feels
good just to sit excited about the city
yeah
J yes no not there I was not adequately
prepared for J and that's my fault
poppin mr. Poppins penguins I just
popped in ah
J testing one two three
uh testing one two three I'm talking
bears oh hello I feel like I haven't
like hung out with you guys while you
stream in a while it has been a while
you were working
yeah you'll be working I was just
telling rich that after I'm done with
the Batman episode which is taking just
far too long why is it taking so long
like right now it's at 45 minutes oh my
god yes oh my god and I'm not done with
it holy shit
yes it's very intense okay and we get on
lovely we are afforded a lovely video we
get to use video from the video game to
illustrate points oh I'm like half in
the bag where you can't just take a part
of the movie right and so a lot of it is
very helpful if we could whenever good
and so that's a lot of it is hunting
through all the game footage to find
specific points Illustrated matches
takes a lot longer yeah but once I'm
done I need to hammer down on some space
cap effects ah yeah yeah I'm gonna get
you some shots soon those light bars
yeah the sweet-ass light bars that
everyone saw the space cup trailer yeah
it's so cool it looks great could look
better it will look better in the movie
it's kind of like that shot everyone
complained about in the Jurassic world
trailer of the gate and one said it'd
look terrible in the trailer and there
was like a completely different shot in
the final movie ah so there'll be some
of that in space go high and did you see
just recently today they they were
talking about the differences between
the Fantastic Four
I haven't even seen the new one just
because I don't care I'll even watch
trailers for movies that I'm not
terribly interested in and that one I'm
so disinterested in I'm not even oh I
don't care does anybody care no no no no
anything that matters anymore is the ash
vs. Evil Dead trailer because it's the
best thing that's the best the greatest
it made my week that trailer cuz I was
you know when they first announced it I
was like I feel like I should care I
just didn't yeah and then I read a
little bit that kind of it sound more
interesting but that trailer just sold
me it tells you all you need to know
it's yeah it's perfect it's perfect
weather the entire show will be good I
don't know but I know like the first
episode is directed by Sam Raimi and it
looks great I had to show a couple
friends that over the weekend you know
cuz I was super pumped about the trailer
it's like I need to find a way to get
cable and get stars down yeah exactly
other stars and they they all - were
very apathetic I was like let's just
just watch it it's just take a moment
yeah and we're all pumped it's like they
didn't miss a beat
not between army of Darkness in this
it's like the white American summer
trailer same thing where it's like it
looks perfect it looks perfect it looks
perfect it looks perfect
I'm it's an exciting time I'm yeah what
an American summer an Evil Dead show
like two TV shows I'm way more
interested in those than any movies that
are coming out right and now we have wet
hot we have Evil Dead we have Mad Max we
have we have producers and casts and
crews returning to old franchises that
seem to have not missed beets yeah
what's the fourth which is really
uncommon this really code what's funny
is we just were you uploaded a whole but
are not reupload we uploaded a bunch of
old half on the bags that were ever on
YouTube oh yeah and the Prometheus one I
talked about that I talked about like
Ridley Scott now we kind of dropped the
ball with the new one it's like I'm Mike
and I were like asking each other like
has anyone done this where they come
back like a decade two decades later and
have it be successful and at the time we
couldn't really come up with anything
and now it's like every night to still
you know we don't know for sure with
Evil Dead yeah well that but it looks
like they're on the right you know
they're they're on the right course oh
my god you can watch stars through Hulu
oh you can oh then I'm getting a fucking
Hulu subscription I have Hulu
okay I didn't know that thank you oh my
god 25 there's no shows on stars that I
currently have any interesting cuz I
don't even know that was on there if
that's true if that's if it's true I
hope that's true
someone confirmed someone in Chad
confirmed that you can watch stars on
Hulu but yeah it's all it's all fairies
yeah hey evil dad especially like that
was a big one for me like seeing that
done right because it's like I owe
everything to Evil Dead and Evil Dead to
like those those movies led like put me
on the course that my life is continued
on since yeah Evil Dead and wet hot
American summer huh - my favorite things
too and then Twin Peaks my other
favorite thing that's been pushed back
actually until 2016 Oh hazard yeah just
because they're doing twice as many
episodes which really makes me worried
that gives them more time for it to fall
apart because I'm convinced that it will
not happen I'm convinced that it's too
good to be true yeah Hulu commercials I
don't care I'll watch commercials if I
want to Evil Dead yeah absolutely if you
pay for Hulu you still have to watch
commercials you do for TV shows which is
kind of annoying like if you think if
you pay for it you shouldn't have to but
yeah I don't know how their whole thing
works but okay what happens if I have to
watch I will gladly sit there
commercials to watch evil that
absolutely I will pay and sit there
commercials yes to want Evil Dead
absolutely absolutely there was a well
not torrent it
no don't tard anything I want I want to
support that show as much as possible
because I have a feeling it's not going
to be super successful don't torrent it
I'm picturing like just a random like TV
watcher that doesn't really know Evil
Dead like seeing that trailer and just
being like what is this I you know I'm
trying you and could you do both one can
you get a torch and also support them
how do you support them if you don't how
do you say partner of you're stealing
you you you watch it you find a way to
pay for but if one I'll cut your own
copy I'll just wait until is available
on DVD
would you what if you buy on DVD
afterwards no because then you're
in the system okay you wait till it's
available and proper foot I love that
excuse from people the torrent stuff
rather like well it's not available
that's about an excuse I know you want
everything immediately but that's not
the way it should work no no but I want
it and it's like that's like the excuse
when I worked at Kmart in high school
and there was a guy I got caught
shoplifting by her secret shopper guy
nice and when he you know catches
someone he has to take on the back room
wait for the cops but he needs someone
else in the room with him for whatever
reason legal reasons I guess and so one
time I had to be that guy he's still
like a CD player or something so we're
all sitting back there just waiting for
the cops to show up and it's like dead
silence for like two minutes and then
the guy got caught he just out of the
blue just goes I would have paid for it
but I don't have the money
oh okay are you completely valid excuse
well and yeah Lucky Strikes I also don't
like physical media but I buy digital
media I you know subscribe to Netflix I
do all the things I can do to watch
things legally even though I don't buy
them on DVD
keep those wheels turning as someone who
keep the gears move creates media it
would be terrible of me to steal media
and I know people who do both creates
and steal and I'm gonna I'm gonna make a
draw a hard line
when I had block and I torrance oh fuck
you well that that's fine that blocks
different than torrent II know kind of
it's a little different it's it's all
it's all the same thing where this
running ads paying for physical media is
how creators are able to continue
creating yeah so fuck you too I guess
but but Jack I don't care I just wanted
oh okay well then even then it's fine
then everything's fine most of the time
speaking physical media yeah the only
one on the planet that's excited about
this okay not only coming to blu-ray but
collector's edition blu-ray play with
like extra features and shit the Garbage
Pail Kids movie I'm excited about that
are you yeah I thought I had I had the
Garbage Pail Kids cards okay well
everybody loves the cards nobody people
either haven't seen the movie or think
it's the worst thing ever I have it and
I think it's the worst thing ever and I
love it it's not like funny bad it's
just so bad it's fascinating because it
really is one of the worst movies ever
made but I am just endlessly fascinated
I want to know more about it so excited
that it's coming to blu-ray I think it's
the first like I ever bought on eBay was
a VHS copy because you couldn't find it
anywhere sure this is like no no 12
years ago did you start it back up
bridge oh there's another guy yeah okay
so he's seen the Garbage Pail Kids movie
though oh yeah I mean actually like a
just a kid oh I like the Garbage Pail
Kids yeah yeah oh I love the Garbage
Pail Kids everyone loved the garage sale
kids except for parents they hated the
Garbage Pail Kids
oh my mom thought it was funny no really
I just thought yeah I guess my parents
didn't care either way but I know that
was like a lot of controversy over those
oh sure
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
not a bad girl so rich yeah how's it
play so far it's oh it's fine it's
arcing but with Batgirl yeah okay
you have different abilities or anything
um I haven't noticed anything really
different dramatically different so
FAR's mild variation he doesn't have a
unique gadget those little bubbles are
pink and they're usually blue so well
she is a girl she's a girl so I guess
that makes sense
it's fine it's it so it's essentially a
new skin so far yes okay but I like
Barbara burgers
I like Oracle yeah yeah I like the
character bar goes great in dark of
night in this game hmm well there it is
oh I kicked my water I bet my walkie I
been going back to Evil Dead and what
had American summer there was a movie I
made a short movie I made a long time
ago and it was the first big project
that I that I made just ah not quite
that not quite Dead Yet a movie that is
not available online so huh so you can't
see my horrible failure and the night
before we were ready to start filming we
had all the actors and all the people
who were helping a shoot and everything
all the actors we hadn't really met or
worked with before except for one after
that certain famous actor Buffy and so
we wanted to give them an idea of the
thing we were trying to create and so we
watched Evil Dead 2 and what had
American summer oh really
and we're like we want to make these two
things and smoosh it together and like
some of the people hadn't seen Evil Dead
and some of the people hadn't seen what
had American summer and and then it was
a horrible time I wish I could watch
either of those movies like for the
first time again wet hot American summer
for the first time yeah that might be
that might be bigger than Evil Dead for
the first time that's the hard I think
already seen it once but I remember I
showed it were you there rich when we
want you you me and Mike and it's the
hardest I've ever seen Mike laughs ever
in my entire life it was such a rare
thing it was amazing
mainly at the the stand-up comedian the
Michael show okay yeah I wanted fucking
Jesus Christ was my camp counselor oh
shit okay oz Mike says J not to be mean
but what an American summer and the
original look like kind of dumb
formulaic comedy movies can you sell me
on the idea of them what makes them so
good in your mind what had americanism
personally seen multiple things what
does he mean by multiple things are good
why are multiple what is he saying no
he's saying they look like formulaic
comedies what but what hot American
summer but that's a singular thing oh it
looks like a oh I think what has
Americans ever and the original I think
he meant this oh oh mm-hmm it looks
generic because it's satirizing like
it's it's so weird because it starts off
unfunny the movie starts off not funny
yeah and it gradually gets weirder and
weirder and more surreal and more
absurdist yeah there was there's some
strange going on there it's it's very
strange it's not generic by any means
it's basically a formulaic boner Academy
today yeah teenage comedy that ends up
eating itself yeah that gets more
surreal and abstract and bizarre as it
goes along imagine if you put a plate on
a black hole and the plates started to
disintegrate and then like turn on to
itself
that's what wet hot American summer is
yeah there is absolutely nothing generic
about it no it's it's
buta in divine comedy like the old
Stella shorts
Stella's great lighting the stay I mean
I wasn't super big on the state I didn't
really hit their stride and Stella as
far as I'm going to be show the Comedy
Central show are just the shorts just
the internet yours oh you've never seen
the show no no the shows good oh yeah
yeah
but what's crazy about it is it's that
same like weird humor but it's shot
really good like the production value
for a cable series like it looks really
nice yeah
which makes it funnier oh it's like this
looks like a real thing but it's just a
bunch of nonsense
I like their internet charts were so
early yeah in the world of internet
video crap here you're doing crap I'm
doing crap yeah I'm sorry
hey Robins back yeah um those those
videos were so early like pre YouTube
yeah are the stellar shorts so even
finding them online
was it a treasure hunt just strange and
weird yeah just added it to my Netflix
list yes wet hot American summer is a
month it's on Netflix the movie that
suns if you have Netflix streaming it's
on there it must see it it's it's
brilliant there are people though that I
know that just don't get into it or it's
like I think you either connect with
that type of comedy or you don't like
because there's a there's a layer of
sarcasm to the whole thing where it's
like you either understand that or
you're just like this is the dumbest
thing ever maybe maybe you have to be
the kind of person that is generally
into movies to understand that it's a
movie eating a movie yeah yeah maybe
maybe it's hard to explain it so it's
the type of comedy they do is so hard to
like pin down because it's that because
you can't pin it down yeah there are
things where I can't even explain why
it's funny you know some jokes like it's
not even really a joke but it's funny
right like the part when they uh there's
the famous scene really going to town
it's like it's always great to go into
town even if for an hour but at the end
of that when not Michael Showalter is
like hey guys wait up
and I guess runs over and they're just
like leaning against a barn like with
their heads against the barn and he just
walks up next to him and does the same
thing it's like what are they even doing
we're saying like hey guys wait up like
they're in the middle of like you know
playing softball or something they're
just hit their heads leaned against the
wall no and like the whole being the
entirety of what's his name
christopher meloni oh yeah Jean Jean or
the host the whole Molly Shannon
sub-stories oh yeah
she's getting a love advice from the the
10 year olds ah that's great why don't
America summer is great it's it's one of
my favorite comedies Oh hot
you're the fantastic is and I'm very
excited about the show yes all I can't
believe they got everyone back yeah
that's great
even david Hyde Pierce who does nothing
anymore it's like for you David Wain
yeah I'll come back for you good good
good
it's also funny seen that trailer and
seen the sharp contrast between Paul
Rudd and Michael Showalter and how
different they look like Paul Rudd looks
exactly the same as he did 15 years ago
I guess I haven't seen Michael Showalter
recently didn't you see the trailer for
the show yeah he's in it anyways like
like a hundred and fifty pounds more oh
no maybe that's it maybe I just didn't
register even register that it was him
but Paul Rudd looks like exactly the
same like that guy doesn't age no he's a
vampire I also love that he's like a big
movie star now so he can get other
things like greenlit for these weird
side comedy that's true he's fucking in
man
yeah he's ant-man and he's also on the
white how American summer show because
he just likes those guys and likes doing
that stuff and he's good at it I love
that scene in the movie in the first
movie when he just throws his plate out
of the ground and grappa like pick it up
and it goes on for like like five
minutes of him just too lazy to then
cool to want to pick up the stuff like
no it's so good one baby I don't know
hello everything everything Oh Jay did
you see the death of Superman lives I
did interesting subject matter kind of
amateurish we made documentary Oh drove
me nuts I actually tweeted about this
because it was driving driving me crazy
the guy who made it
who I think is like a animator or you
know something so the death of Superman
lives for anyone who doesn't know is the
documentary about the failed Tim Burton
yes Superman yes okay which sausage I
like those documentaries like
Jodorowsky's do and like about movies
that never were made sure but the guy
that made it like he decided to make
himself a part of the documentary like
Michael Moore Morgan Spurlock where they
put themselves in it you know okay so
it's like he's interviewing people so
there's you know the talking head
close-up of the interview subject but
then there's like a two-shot with him
there and half the time most of the time
he's not saying anything he's just
listening so it's like why are you
showing yourself and he's constantly
nodding like like an exaggerated comical
nod like they told us they can't see
what I'm doing but it's like they're a
lot like largest not and he always says
like this weird frowny face and it's
after every sentence they say he does it
he's like hmm like he will know it drove
me nuts like I couldn't focus on the
movie well good you know when you when
you do talking head interviews you do
need stuff to cut away too sure but not
yourself just making a dumb nodding
motion over and over usually that's with
like b-roll or stock footage or a wider
shot of your subject
yeah I just I hate that like making
yourself a part of the story is the
documentary and I like them when they're
more hands-off yeah so and like some of
its just really poorly shot like the
interview with Tim Burton who should be
one of the most important subjects yeah
like like it sounds like he's using the
onboard mic like it's really echoey and
it's like grainy and ugly so interesting
subject it's worth watching but it's
just not very well made hmm
have it or not night that's fine what I
have it off night at this game Oh what
did you die yeah what a lot oh I'm sorry
okay I can't go to this fucking bomb in
time you've been more during too much
yeah slightly defense an excuse yeah I'm
trying to give you an exercise all right
I don't need one okay
I did see the picture of Nic Cage in a
color right you know cuz like there's
that like black and white photo of him
in the Superman outfit there's the
famous one neverold everyone got leaked
under the internet or something like
years ago yeah but that was only one
stage of what his costume goes through
in the movie the his final costume is
more traditional it looks more like a
traditional Superman almost the one with
like the electric running through that
that was where he is like regenerating
himself like he got killed or whatever
by what's a Tuesday as I do killed him
in the comics yeah yeah that's that
wasn't gonna be in the movie too did you
or did you guys do either of you read
the script no no okay
the script available I don't care oh
yeah yeah that's the thing is like I
don't care it's why I'd leave it and you
know what liked it which draft cuz
there's like three different major
director Kevin Smith drafts okay that
was the first one there was two other
writers after him
well that was he wasn't the first one he
was like I thought he was like the third
draft and then there were two writers
after him the way the movie presents it
is that he wrote the first draft that I
have no idea there might be more backs I
mean there might have been other of
course completely different incarnations
of it you know who knows oh wait no yeah
there were other scripts but they were
completely different okay there was and
then there was his drafts and then there
was like changes to his store so it was
like he wrote the story and then other
people changed his version of it there
were other scripts before that but they
were totally different it's not bad it
it reads exactly like you would imagine
Superman the animated movie would do
like it felt very lights and animated
movie ish but it's it's a decent read
and it's it's available online for
anyone who's interested in reading it
it's he's a good script writer
screenwriter screams he's a good writer
is he well he's good with dialogue and
like character stuff but he writes a
good screenplay like it was it was a
fast and easy read Naga it has a
structure to it it has a structure he
doesn't he's not known for doing like
bigger action e right movies like that
with a typical structure which is
shocking but no it's a good read oh yeah
Kevin Smith's Superman lives returns
did you hear about what happened to him
at Comic Con Kevin Smith no you did so
there was the big in Hall H the big you
know the big room where they have all
the big you know panels and stuff I
become do you not know much about
comic-con you okay you don't talk
apparently no no no whole each is where
they have like the Star Wars panel or
the Marvel panel like the big like I
know they have rooms in that pan no the
Hall H is the big one it holds like
thousands of Pete okay you have to wait
in line like all day to be able to get
into a panel or it okay but there was
the big Star Wars panel which was you
know JJ Abrams they're all do call the
cast was there oh great
and Kevin Smith's panel was supposed to
be in that same room right after his
uh-huh uh-huh at the end of the Star
Wars panel JJ Abrams says we had a big
surprise for everyone we're having a
free concert outside right now so
everyone in the the Hall H room left to
go outside so there was like like a
dozen people left in the room this giant
room that holds thousands of people like
a dozen people left for Kevin Smith's
panel like everybody just left know how
it what was this panel first of all what
was his panel he's at Comic Con every
year he always does this like Q&A; stuff
and I think he was Peroni in his new
movie he it's a new movie yeah he makes
all these movies that nobody cares about
anymore but uh yeah yeah it was he's
gonna show the trailer for whatever the
new one is and then do his typical Q&A;
stuff Oh cuz he does that every year but
sure but nobody was there well yeah why
would they be yeah I want to go see a
free Star Wars it seems like that's
something that the the show people that
JJ Abrams should have told them
beforehand yeah apparently was like a
big surprise but just wanna go thanks my
combo fuck fuck fuck one of those like
heads up Kevin yeah we're gonna take
everyone out if you want to come too
which makes me wonder does JJ hate Ian
Smith he might it's entirely possible
there are lots of people that hate Kevin
Smith I'm not one oh no I think I'm in
dude I think JJ Abrams invited Kevin
Smith
out of episode seven so I think they're
kind of buddies okay
not anymore though what medicos
comic-con kerfuffle whoo kerfuffle even
yeah pulled that word out that says that
is rude to comic-con was Kevin Smith's
territory god damn it yeah he was there
before was cool well before it was the
fact that I was reading online about
comic-con before come at San Diego
comic-con there were smaller comic book
conventions around the country
sure and the first thing still are their
fur the first one was in like New Jersey
or something the very first ever comic
book I'm a comic book convention was in
New Jersey and the first person to ever
buy a ticket for the first comic book
convention was george RR martin is that
really according to the internet i have
no way of verifying this how would
anyone even like keep a record he has
like a picture of it
hello okay so this is kind of confirmed
by him this is guy this is kind of
confirmed by him I've seen this on the
internet someone in the chat prove or
disprove me hmm I thought it was
interesting because that man is a giant
nerd yes in both a literal and
figurative sense well that's kind of
interesting yes I'd like to that I'm
gonna pretend that's true just cuz it's
a nice story it is yeah it is a nice
story Jay do you have any stories from
space cop trailer that you want to share
with anyone stories from the trailer
particularly of any fun faces we've seen
in the trailer oh oh Patton Oswald did
you know listen we got endless stories
about space cop and you will hear them
all eventually well we might have to do
multiple commentary tracks cuz this is
like a endless series of things to talk
there will be five featurettes
yes it's a grand misadventure
a grand misadventure but as far as
patton oswalt goes the short version is
this is the crazy thing about how we got
him in the movie we asked him mm-hmm
and he said okay so that's the story
because because you know he's a fan yeah
he's talked about roulette immediately
yes he has mentioned us many times and
what we discovered is he's because we
knew he liked the blinker reviews when
he discovered he knows he's much more
familiar with us than just the blinker
reviews yes true so yes there there will
be endless space cop stories to come but
those are tales for another day
what what a crazy story that was we
totally asked him and said yeah yeah hey
rod that's funny that is funny
I hacked that fraud you oh my god nice
nice rich Patton Oswalt's in space cop
or he's just in the trailer you don't
know it's hard to believe this is Arkham
Knight not one tank well this is before
the tank
this is pre tank rich a lot of fighting
nine-thirty keeping track of the time
how many levels so far there's been a
good number yes just about a shit yeah
shit you saw an rlm cosplayer at Comic
Con Jay's manhole says oh yeah someone
tweeted at us a picture of someone is
Plunkett oh I think we retweeted it
that's funny that's a deep cut and that
is I don't any people would get that and
by the way like wouldn't you just be
like dressed like an old man yeah just
look like a weird old man that's that
nobody it was just a weird that's
entirely possible
I have seen people out and about that
looked like Plunkett but I know they're
just weird old men you sure was this
year I've seen someone do plink o'clock
cosplay before yeah multiple people have
done it bless their hurt this was some
one this year at the the most recent
comic-con mm-hmm oh that's a good that's
a good question will the box for space
cops say starring Patton Oswalt no no
featuring no oh yeah
okay reluctantly containing reluctantly
contain listen we there were there were
some hoops involved in getting in
shooting with them I don't I wouldn't
say it was reluctant no no no it was
very nice of him to make the time to do
it yes
and that man does everything so the fact
that he was available for I mean what 15
minutes 20 minutes what a minute yeah I
was a quick you is a good enough
Batgirl because of like her size
difference does it feel different no
with her no and Catwoman felt a lot more
different yeah yeah Catwoman was
noticeably faster okay
I think we've answered this question but
space cop will be on blu-ray yes yes yes
most I mean we're still not sure what a
whole release plan is going to be yet
mm-hmm we're just trying to get the
thing done yeah most likely like a DVD
blu-ray coming this decade kindest
decade more than likely before the end
of the year don't say stuff like that I
can see the light at the end of the
tunnel so oh my I can see the light at
the end of its up oh yeah that's the
scary almost reached the finish line oh
you just got sucker punched way to go
rich all right cut bid strike yeah yeah
well yeah so so my guess is there will
also be a 1080p digital download oh yeah
of course some physical for all you
weirdos that don't like cluttering up
your place with plastic and CDs and
blu-ray
will you make any additional contracts
out of it also digitally available or I
don't know we don't know what we're
gonna do with that
we got to figure it out I just want to
get it done first no he didn't see you
at all breached it's fine it's fine I'll
take what I can get I didn't realize I
had entered a stealth zone yep your
Batgirl every zone should be a stealth
son you're a ninja
