Episode 175
Mordor Guuuurrrrll!!!
August 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmguSsHgM2I
___________________________________________

what's happening I'm trying to connect
to the network there it is
if I connect to the network
I can download something really quick
and we can have mindless stuff playing
in the background while we chat about
nonsense okay
rich is not gonna play checkers
shadow of Mordor is fairly mindless I
could I could I could play one of your
other save slots if you want yeah you
want to do that yeah the Rings game yeah
it's a Lord of the Rings game with it so
get excited
it's a Lord of the Rings game with the
exact same combat as the Batman games
okay which is why we got interested in
it because we really like the combat
I'll just put that on and goof around
where does it take place in the timeline
of the Lord of the Rings films I think
during the Lord of the Rings films or
right early on video right before the
first Lord of the Rings start before the
first Lord after the Great War it's
after the Hobbit okay post time a very
Sheree Lauren three lures rings yes
if how it covers the fall you know like
the area that um Sauron the AI is in it
covers the fall of yeah I'll do it
Donald I had to sit down for two and a
half hours which in in bizarro world
which is my life now that that is
extremely exhausting and yeah in a
general sense but sitting down is the
most painful thing I can do as that as
painful as it was a week ago two weeks
ago but okay there you go
and
yeah okay great oh yeah you fight the
all rooks in this game not the or NASA
or acai or the or acai which apparently
are a different thing
wait we're gonna work hi there are orcs
or rooks and Arouca okay Jay are you
like a total Lord of the Rings not now
only when it comes to the movies I don't
know anything about like I don't care
about the bullshit how could you get
into something like Lord of the Rings
and have no interest in like a Star Trek
if I don't have interests in Star Trek
I've just never taken the time to get
too into it I mean if you're into Lord
of the Rings you're already hip deep and
nerve demur I know and you may as well
go no I want I keep saying that I need
to watch Star Trek the series the way
you said star that star Transtar Trek
what it's called yeah no I I it's always
like because you would Michael talk
about storylines and stuff run like that
actually sounds interesting
but I just haven't taken the time to do
it mm-hmm I would like to I'm interested
I just haven't done it yet now Lord of
the Rings I got into originally just
because of Peter Jackson because I was a
fan of his early splatter movies and
it's like wait this guy's making him a
gigantic epic fantasy thing that's
intriguing yeah so it was less about
like the fantasy element or you know any
of the nerd stuff and it was more about
the filmmaker
mmm and then I just found myself really
liking that world in those movies yeah
the the the Lord of the Rings trilogy
czar three good movies the books I read
them ages aney I try I couldn't do it
there ty I couldn't do it
they're tough and they're boring Lisa's
really into that was like a like a
life's too short moment for me I was
like no the only reason I know that the
aurochs and the older guy are different
is guys playing this on Sunday yeah and
Lisa overheard me talk about
in the background and I was like wait a
rooks and over kya are they different
she's like yeah they're different she's
a big nerd and so it's like what yeah
she's like arou Kaiser front elevation
Oh rooks have human is a whole thing
yeah I know she's it's getting hot in
here with Karen lately it's been all
Pluto Pluto Pluto Pluto and I love that
oh yeah I also love this Pluto business
scheme get high-res images oh you're
talking about the Disney character no
it's like he's a dog but like soz goofy
you know but like goofy could talk but
Pluto seems pretty smart and ones on two
legs and ones on for ya girl is goofy
what stand by me what I hate you yes
rich hates that's the whole conversation
and stand by me is it yeah the whole
discussion about that well you're not
have you not seen stand by me
no it's a great moment ages it's been
the hand abated subconscious stunt yeah
that I did the discussing why Pluto no
I'm sure it around there from that or I
mean that's just a general thing I think
that people joke about I suppose yeah
what'd you do nothing so we see the
high-res images of food oh yes they look
it's great sounds great
apparently it has a it has something
scientists were surprised by is it has a
dark pole I don't know why that's
exciting but they were they we loved it
if it's something that we didn't know
before
then it's exciting it's got those weird
spots on its back yeah
I think it might be I I heard one theory
and some got a title thing char on like
Oh gravity it's doing something to those
per axle its it's very you know how long
has this probe been on its mission like
15 years that 10 10 years roughly it's
somewhere around there yeah that's
exciting I think it's exciting whenever
we discover something new about our
world mm-hmm not our world isn't early
just like that yeah yeah like that
that's always great to me it's like
we're still learning it's just weird
pictures from Pluto and Pluto is really
far away huh it's amazing that we're
seeing it at all yeah this is what I'm
saying like imagine firing an arrow and
having it hit its target 10 years from
that's sure
hiring an arrow and haven't hit a target
on the moon right they they fired an
arrow into space and it hit its target
10 years you know 10 years from the time
they fired that's amazing yeah that kind
of calculation nine and a half they're
saying nine and a half years apparent
apparently there's a place on Pluto
named Mordor
Jack I'm changing your revert options
again I'm sorry please no invert truth
be told I might never pick up this game
again yes I am terribly bored if you
want to pick up my save file go ahead
that's its who are you - who's your
character this this guy the fallen guy
guy late
yeah generic man generic man
you play as generic man and you you die
and get taken over by it you know the
raids take do the ring wraiths oh yeah -
I know the race you get taken over by
wraiths and you can use race type powers
which is basically bat vision in the
Batman games Wow and there's kind of a
story but most of the time you find at
you you fight orcs
and that's all I've been doing for the
past five hours in the game is fighting
random orcs and kind of what is
happening now rag doll not any right to
help you find a lot of works you find a
lot of orcs and there is a neat orc
fighting system where if if say like
some random orc kills you that orc gets
promoted in the orc ranks
okay he becomes like a captain and then
you can take out captain orcs to gain
more it's a whole thing okay and it's
it's very boring alright it gets old
quick
it gets old in five hours because that's
how long I've been playing it and I
don't want to play it okay it's a rare
so what you're saying is it's the story
that stretched out much longer than it
should be and beans more story which is
completely unlike those Hobbit movies
those are so streamlined and
straightforward and the storytelling in
other words it's perfect for Lord of the
Rings yes this is Jack example that's
the name of this lead character no it's
it's just - its I hate to say this cuz I
I don't usually care for story in games
yeah it needs more story oh really
it needs something to string along okay
that's the joy of the Batman games is he
got this Batman story that's kind of
stringing you along and you can faff
about of course what sir I do like the
stealth tutorial section though mm-hmm
you have to kiss your wife instead of
you like stabbing someone in the back no
sneak abide your wife and give her a
kiss oh that's sweet yeah
she's dead man yeah your family's dead
so killer but your works and something
will happen yeah I was paying attention
to the story I met you we meet uh what's
his fucking name circus the circus
maximus Andy Serkis
golem golems in the game you meet golem
and he tells you how to do something
it's crazy and then you fight orcs lots
you meet dollar he meets needle golem
okay this is this is all golem no he's
looking for his preciouses okay let's go
yeah hell of a thing that golem
I remember seen the second movie and me
and like man that guy looks great yeah
that was like the first time I was
really sold on a completely CG character
no cuz the big one before that was Jar
Jar which everybody everybody hated
Jogger huh but even warned that I just
didn't think that the CG was that
impressive as far as like believing Jar
Jar as a character yeah but gone I was
like I'm sold
like this is great Oh Jar Jar looks
horrible he looks a cartoon here's the
first big one were there look this is a
completely CG character and you're gonna
believe in as a character it's like nope
he sucks he moves and us animated like
like a Disney cartoon yeah yeah
Gollum no it's like you know I mean
there's a part of your brain that knows
it's a CG thing but at the same time
when you're watching the movie you
believe it as a character
hmm and that was the first time that I
remember that happening whereas I I
believe this Wow I wonder if it's aged
particularly well it's been a while
since I've seen the Lord of the Rings
it's been a while but I think it's still
like it's this is thing it's not even
about looking completely realistic it's
just about believing in the character
hmm and that's you know I mean the the
CG helps but it's also partially the
performance and share how invested you
are in the story like it's so many other
you know elements it's not just the the
CG but I think even the CG still holds
up pretty well in those movies as far as
that character hmm
that was your son he's dead now Wow yeah
come back to me
would Bryan Cranston make a good Lex
Luthor everyone says that just because
he was bald I'm sure he'd be fine
because he's a good actor he's
intimidating no no you know what I I
remember there were some rumors floating
around that um who wasn't Dwayne Johnson
was having meetings with WB not not
about Batman vs Superman but just in
general and this was before Jesse
Eisenberg was was confirmed and I
remember reading someone was writing
about like you know Lex Luthor has an
inferiority complex when it comes to
Superman yeah because you know he's a
brilliant businessman and generally
physically stood for them here Superman
who's just effortlessly better right he
was he was metropolis is darling before
Superman came along exactly which is why
he's a he's a fun villain and so they
were saying they were they were going
off of the rock right and being like
what if like he's just this super Jack
to do and he's also like a business end
man and smart and button and that's part
of it where it's like he works on his
body and he's really strong but he could
never be as strong as Superman it's like
no that'd be an interesting tape you
know I am gonna be more interesting yes
it would be interred on saying he's a
great actor there are spies
The Rock is the modern Schwarzenegger
yes looks like it's not even let he's a
great actor he's just charismatic and
people like him oh the rock is gonna be
black Adam that's cool black Adam is the
villain for Shazam okay he's a big
strong guy he's bigger okay he has she
has Superman powers but he's magic
instead of alien okay that's Shazam and
Black Adam that'd be cool if he's black
Adam so you know it would give these
characters something and we don't know
anything about Jesse Eisenberg's less
Lex Luthor but I know exact Snyder he'll
have no character he'll be mad for some
reason oh my god well the controller
just screamed in my ear it does that
what
oh they're saying he even looks like
cartoon likes the rock yeah kind of he's
too big
yep
Oh God I'm fuckin off yeah yeah the
shooting could use a little could use a
little adjustment I'm thinking about
getting him have you ever used stick
extenders joystick extenders that sounds
dirtier than it is I have not there
there's a thing for joystick controller
joysticks where it makes them taller and
so then you know takes more to move them
in any direction so it gives you
slightly pretty really slightly more
precise movement ah yeah I used to have
one for my 360 pad and it worked great
ah yeah that's interesting
I'm going to pick some up for for the
ps4 it's what I've been playing with I
just don't want to see how the steam
controller works out oh I'm so excited
for this new controller October we have
to wait until fucking October yeah it's
a new controller Jake okay and instead
of joysticks like on a normal controller
it has to touch pads okay so it'll give
you more mouse like movements very
interesting I'm sure I can't wait to get
my yes
JP versus world that is it JP version
oil is an actual quote from Batman vs
Superman v Lex Luthor and I'm mad for no
reason that's exactly what Jesse
Eisenberg's character is gonna be I'm
sure he has a very valid reason to be
upset I'm sure Superman leveled his
company l do that's why that's the first
way that's a good people oh they do show
that in the trailer it's Wayne
Enterprises it'll be both yeah man
because you knocked over a building no I
think if I'm looking at the trailer
correctly Superman's seems to be like
afraid of Lex Luthor so I think Lex and
and there's those like Superman troopers
is this in the trailer yeah I remember
any of those you know the army man with
the S on there I don't only watch the
trailer once neck
most of it so there's the point in the
trailer where Superman is kneeling in
front of Lex Luthor and there and
there's the point of the trailer where
the the army men are taking an Eve to
Superman those army men have SS on their
shoulders okay my guess is Lex Luthor is
going to be evil for some reason and you
Superman as his like captain of his evil
armies
okay and he can control Superman with
kryptonite okay that's my assumption of
the trailer and that's why Batman is
going to think he's a bad guy
well don't they show like Batman's in
the city while it's being demolished
yeah first movie it sounds like oh this
guy is bad cuz he's destroying our city
right and then you hear you hear Alfred
be like you know maybe he's not that bad
you can't let the darkness into your
heart which is an actual probe from the
trailer and so maybe Batman's gonna have
to think about it for a little bit but
then Superman's gonna be joined Lex's
evil army yeah because of the Kryptonite
and then Batman's gonna oh you really
are evil then they're gonna punch each
other for an hour I can't decide if it's
awesome the Jeremy Irons as Alfred or if
it's depressing the personally cuz I
like Jeremy Irons
especially in the dungeons dragons movie
he's great he's great in that no she'd
be excited what you know why he's
getting a really good paycheck okay I
like that Jeremy Irons I loved him in
Dead Ringers the Karlyn that movie is
great it's good no it's good for him
he's gonna he's gonna have a toy of them
has there ever been an Alfred toy buddy
if it shit about like who's gonna what
little kid is gonna play with elf oh not
not kids nerd okay
was there ever a Michael Caine toy was
it did I ever insist it had a little
string can you pull the string I knew
you were gonna do that anyway how long
has it been since I've done my micro
Kingdom pressure
not long enough not long enough fella
beverage I refuse to believe there's
ever
and an alford toy probably not a toy
there's there's probably busts you know
like that K that I have a hard time
believing I can see there being like a
Batman the Animated Series Alfred
collectible type I guess I don't know
anything about the anime I could see
that ya know and Snyder said that
metropolis and Gotham by the way are
sister cities of course of course
much like San Francisco and Oakland
they're so close to each other
of course they're something that makes
the storytelling so much more convenient
so they just started right know so
that's my guess is Superman's gonna do
some evil things under threat of death
and he needs to figure some stuff out
you know so he's gonna do some bad
things Batman's gonna think he's bad
punch him get Wonder Woman in there to
punch him - oh that's right Wonder
Woman's in the movie - Wonder was in the
movie too and so Batman seems like
Wonder Woman - help me punch this guy
isn't fuck it just throw them all in
there we have to set up a Cinematic
Universe uh here it is we have to do it
quickly instead of taking her time and
doing it properly we have to do it in
one movie fuck having a plan yeah yep
and then they're gonna punch each other
for a while and then all of a sudden
Batman's gonna figure it out somehow
okay oh my god you're under control Lex
Luthor we should punch Lex Luthor let's
team up to punch things and then Lex
Luthor oh I don't want I don't want to
say giant robot suit but I want to say
giant robot
oh you think Lex Luthor alena giant
robot said yes that was in the comics oh
really yes yeah okay that is that's been
it's happening that's how he fights
that's the only way you can fight
service I'm sure yeah especially when
you're Jesse Eisenberg and you're like a
little skinny twirl yep yeah okay and
that's gonna be the movie all right
you're welcome
I just saved you all that money
well it was his name crimp I don't know
I like the idea of it I really need that
takedown remove them and I don't have it
oh sure yeah you don't have anything in
I'll make do you are much better at this
than I am
my diet mom yeah you know it's good
combat fun combat system I just wish I
could turn this controller speaker up
cause it's really distracting you can
well once you're done with the fight
yeah that would make Bludhaven hoboken
you're right John kilo what Haven is in
there somewhere night wings gonna show
up or not I mean we already know that um
death and the family is part of the
cinematic universe yep yep the second
Robin something you might have missed in
in the trailer for Batman vs Superman
his Batman is for learning Lee because
that's a word looking at a Robin suit
it's hanging up in the bathroom with
Joker writing Oh
in addition to everything else we're
introducing and killing Robin yep same
movie yep well he's been dead I don't
think they're Oso that's a backstory to
a movie that doesn't exist yes yes okay
he's dead character that we're being
reintroduced to yes that in the context
of this universe were seen for the first
time yes which is Batman and I think
that Snyder is going to hope that does
everyone knows what's going on so he's
not going to bother giving that
backstory or he's gonna tell it through
voiceover narration oh my god yeah oh my
god so so yes so I think I'm all savory
tonight we're talking about this the
other night where it's like Batman hat
gave up being Batman for a while and
this is getting Batman back into the
Batman game which would have much more
of an impact if we had a Batman movie
prior to this yes yeah oh my god that
that would almost make sense where we
could watch a Batman movie about him
giving up being Batman yeah well
you almost need multiple Batman movies
yeah shut up him becoming Batman uh-huh
which I mean I know we have had movies
like that in the past but in this
universe trick him becoming Batman him
getting a Robin Robin dying or leading
or whatever happens like you know when
that'd be great yeah set all that stuff
up and then and then you could have the
climax that and you have your own
Superman movie - right and Superman does
his own shit yeah and then you're you're
coming together is is Batman getting
back in the in the saddle - yeah they
take on Superman sure that that would be
a wonderful movie series of events
how about though instead of that we cram
and shove everything into one movie we
have one hit man - steela was our only
hit yeah let's just throw everything
into the sequel - Man of Steel yep
I'm surprised I'm not calling a Man of
Steel - right I'm actually surprised
that they're not doing that Man of Steel
- dawn of Justice yeah yeah dawn of
Justice Batman person it would be called
Man of Steel - Donald Justice Batman vs.
Superman
yes that I'm surprised that's not the
title ellipses Dada
oh and Wonder Woman's in this movie also
and that's the full tide and then in
parentheses some Aquaman - the other
thing is yeah I did see the desert suit
Batman looks lame as shit shit I'm sure
it's gonna be lame but I think it looked
interesting
it's only in like one shot right it's
only time yeah I remember seeing that
and being like oh that you know what
that said that stuck out to me nothing
in the trailer stuck out to me except
for that that was like okay that's
something you know one you got mean it'd
suck up to me is lame but it's together
what that what that looked like to me
was was someone cosplaying as Batman
someone someone being like if this is my
steampunk Batman I was gonna say it
reminds me of I remember growing up and
there was like the Ninja Turtle toys and
then there was like the variations well
uh here's exterminator Ninja Turtle
where he's wearing an exterminators
costume or whatever the fuck they do yes
it feels like that
here's samurai ninja turties yeah yeah
it's a ninja turtle but with a samurai
Hammond worth of the ghostbusters I'm
arriving Ghostbuster toys where it's
like I had a rate oi where you squeeze
his arm and his eyeballs pop down yeah
yeah yeah that's like here's here's the
character you know but he's slightly
different you know what that's that's
totally wrong because they ain't afraid
of no ghosts gun down that's true that's
true
oh my god rich you've just you've just
caught you've debunked the entire mid
80s toy industry they're a bunch of
frogs yeah that's why it was total
bullshit that's great yeah so I don't
know you know I think being a comic book
fan those kind of like and they do that
in the comic book world a lot where
they're just like these are the
characters you know but set in a
slightly different ocean time period for
three issues yeah yeah and those are fun
but what they're not is is canon okay
you know that's not part of a story
continuity that doesn't matter anymore
nothing matters anymore
nothing mattered
more did it make money okay
then it'll be canon when it ceases to
make money it's no longer canon are you
just interrogating everyone yes you can
do that yeah I thought you could only
interrogate the green guy the green
guy's give you the weaknesses the other
guys just tell you who's who oh I
shanked
do you need to know who's ooh something
we're talking about we're talking about
movies yeah we're talking about DC
movies yeah way too much
here's to balance it out I am I'm not
excited but I am looking forward to
going to see ant-man from Y and I I
generally try to avoid like especially
because we do half on the bag I try to
avoid like knowing too much about the
movie ahead of time but from the little
bit I've heard about the new moon about
ant-man it's a very small scale story
it's not yeah yeah but it's not the
world is is being threatened right it's
like a very simple small scale story
yeah and for that I'm very excited not
excited but I'm more interested in that
than oh we got to save the entire planet
yeah little thing like I'm not excited I
am predicting I'm gonna go see the movie
and have an enjoyable time yeah okay I
like Paul Rudd so there's that and it's
not we have to save the entire planet
right blue laser Adam McKay's did the
blue lasers Adam McKay punched up the
script right that's fun the guy who
directed it is most well known to me for
directing the first seasons of Upright
Citizens Brigade the TV show oh oh
that's right yeah yeah and then he
didn't bring it on with Kirsten Dunst
and then he did bring it up which is you
know fine and so you know he did some
other comedy movies right the guy Peyton
Reed is his name yeah he did some other
nothing of note well that's a good sign
yeah I'm just curious to see if there's
any like remnants of the Edgar Wright
version like still cuz I think he still
has some sort of story credit I think
some of the elements of it are still oh
I'm sure his it's not gonna have any any
style it's not gonna be a great movie no
but I like Paul Rudd I like Paul Reville
and you know I recently watched the
first Iron Man movie which is great
until Jeff Bridges shows up and says I
have a bigger Iron Man sued that's my
biggest problem that movie yes
the the end boss battle yeah of Iron Man
his weakest shit unless the thing is
about most of these comic book movies
like the ones that I like the best parts
about them are not the superhero parts
they're the character part it's like
Iron Man like old stuff irreverent huge
Robert Downey jr. is great yep the
spider-man movie is the Sam Raimi ones
but yeah the best clip so those are the
character parts would Peter Parker could
they get away with releasing a superhero
movie that doesn't end with a big fight
they couldn't it's just when it'll never
happen but that's that the the big fight
is supposed to be the reward for the
character stuff and even in the first
Iron Man movie you can't even call that
a fight I'm not sure they they fly they
with a rocket boot up to the atmosphere
that's it like that's fun
they punch each other for a little bit
it was fine it was it was fine yes it's
a fine little movie and so that's what
I'm looking forward to with ant-man yeah
a little smaller scale with people punch
in I rewatched because after the ash vs.
Evil Dead trailer I've been on the Sam
Raimi kick yeah sorry you watched
spider-man spider-man 2 spider-man 2
still one of the best comic book movies
ever
100 minutes and it's so simple like it's
very character-driven um the end battle
is just throw that guy into the water
like that's the end of the movie is is
make your make your device go into the
water it's not let's save the entire
planet from a blue laser like it's so
simple and it's so good it is because
it's all driven by Peter Parker as a
character it has nothing to do with the
heroics or the the superhero stuff well
but also in spider-man 2 the heroics and
the action inform the characters yes yes
you know we get the big action set
pieces like
stopping the l-train yeah but that's
great because like he has to take off
his mask and then everyone's like we
won't tell anyone spider-man and it's
great it's a big character moment yeah
wrapped in an action sequence because
what what makes it so good yeah that
spider-man 2 is so fucking great so
fucking great I remember seeing them the
theater and mean like there's the part
when he's trying to deliver it like it
starts with him the big opening action
scene is him having to deliver pizzas on
him and there's like like him going down
the street and a sauce cutter there's
like action music playing and it's so
fucking great yep
it's like this exciting action music but
it's just him trying to deliver pizzas
on time magic of Spider Man III let
spider-man 2 is something special like
even beyond like comic-book movies it's
just so great it has a movie it is and
there's so many weird like I was
thinking about it there's the part where
like when his his powers start to fail
him yeah and then there's that part when
like he goes down in the elevator you
know oh yeah and it's like this I was
thinking about it like cuz he's on the
elevator with that dude and he's like
you know the guys like nice Brenner man
cost you and all that and I was thinking
like how hard did Sam Raimi have to
fight the studio to keep the scene going
on as long as it does cuz it's one shot
it's just the shot of him and the other
guy in the elevator
Hal Rudnick now Rudnick yeah that's
right that guy how do I remember his
name and no one else's I don't know
because he's a guy he's he wasn't he
correspondent literally but that shot
with them in the elevator just goes on
so long and it's like I was thinking
like the Sam Raimi had to have fought to
keep this in the movie cuz it goes on so
long that's like awkward and weird and I
loved it
no and then like when your movie makes
one hundred million dollars in a weekend
you can probably get away with one ya
know I'm like the entire scene when his
cocks arms come alive oh the evil that
to see people that shoot it's the most
amazing thing but like the style yeah
but that sells it's like a horror movie
like I was watching it again it's why I
was picturing me like a little kid
watching that like it's genuinely
frightening and so weird and it's an
spider-man movie it's great
well then and you know beyond that
wonderful set pieces like the what am I
thinking of is that that one action beat
where he's having lunch with Mary Jane
oh yeah and all of a sudden the car gets
thrown through the window oh yeah it's
just that it's like an elongated
slow-motion shot it's beautiful even
though the lead-up to that where there
is hearing like the thud thud and every
time there's a thought there's like a
snap zoom karana yes it's pure Sam Raimi
oh it's so fucking good yeah and for the
first time in rewashing us because I
know everybody hates spider-man 3 which
I've said like I don't hate it as much
as everybody else but in rewatching
spider into like it's like The Empire
Strikes Back the end of that movie where
it's like mmm Harry Osborn you know he
has the conversation with his dad in the
mirror and I need breaks through the
mirror and then he finds the one of the
the bottoms called pumpkin he sees those
and it's like all that setup was like oh
a man like the payoff for this is gonna
be great
and then you get to the third movie and
it's like garbage but like so like I was
very forgiving of the third movie but in
rewatching spider into or is like
everything they're setting up is so
awesome and then you get a third movie
and it sucks so yeah yeah I'm still a
little forgiving this but around three
just because it has so many weird Sam
Raimi moments but everything that's set
up at the end of the second movie is not
paid off well certainly spider-man 3 is
still a better movie than either of the
amazing spider-man that's true that's
very true in every aspect if for nothing
else it has more personality it has
another great movie it has a more
cohesive narrative it has an easier to
understand character yeah it's all that
bullshit of like Rhett Connie
where it's like oh that guy that you've
got killed your uncle no it's another
guy like that shit sucks yeah and the
idea that Harry Osborn has amnesia for
most of the movie just so they could
right around the ending of the second
movie it really like I I I dislike the
third movie more now than I did when I
first saw me cut in rewashing the second
movie and realizing like like how
awesome the second movie is and how much
it sets up for a third movie yep yeah
like I'm remembering the now the the
Clocktower action sequence oh the third
one in the second one when Doc Ock is
like throwing the clock hands down its
oh yeah okay spider-man is like webbing
and whipping him back like as a as an
action movie fanboy you just just like
fuck this is the spider-man we've been
waiting for a great fucking movie yeah
and it is it's great man still holds up
this thing is like some of the effects
are kind of dated but sure it's still
good you know you just get that uh the
the end of the movie he's just got that
giant fucking rock on them and like Mary
Jane's trying to have her moment and
he's just like oh yeah this is really
heavy and that's the thing in a second
movie more so than you know the first
one is the third one like Tobey Maguire
was like that era Bruce Campbell yeah
where Sam Raimi where it's like I'm
gonna torture my actors the Sam Raimi
loves to do that and there's a lot of
stuff in that movie where it's like this
is the part when he's on campus where
it's like he drops his books and he you
know crouches down to get him in people
like smacking him in the face with their
book bags and then he goes to the party
and like he's trying to get in order ER
but the tray is empty just constantly
constantly shitting on your main
character where's Bruce which sam raimi
loves to do ah I love spider-man 2
spider-man 2 screaming yeah with Sam
Raimi friends with Bruce Campbell before
they filmed Evil Dead oh god yeah they
went to high school together okay they
make numerous short films together in
high school
I wasn't sure I think you haven't you
read if James could kill I probably
should know I haven't Oh should you
should you know anyone that's interested
in low-budget filmmaking should read if
Chin's could kill and the Evil Dead
companion both of those books like I
often still to this day like thinking
about like when it move because like
making movies is a giant pain in the ass
it's like the most miserable experience
but its face cop coming out soon it's
it's so it really is like when you're
doing it with no crew and like it's
tough but reading those books and
knowing like how hard it was to make the
Evil Dead like everything is like a
cakewalk in comparison like that movie
like the Evil Dead like if you
especially the Evil Dead companion where
you realize like we're supposed to shoot
for four weeks but it ended up being
like eight weeks and then all of our
actors had to leave cuz I had real life
so they had to get back to so we shot
the rest of the movie was with like
doubles like Sam Raimi's little brother
is is you know he's the hands and legs
in these shots all that stuff like that
was whenever I think about a movie being
like difficult to shoot like I think of
the Evil Dead and like like how much
easier it was to do what we're doing
than it was to make that movie it's
really fascinating like the making of
that movie is the most fascinating of
any movie ever mm-hmm Oh
don't mind that guy I guess that's where
I got my recipe for fake blood what is
pretty common now but when I learned it
the era it wasn't as big of a thing
Sheriff
yeah he's an entire thing about the
proper recipe for fake blood the KO
syrup kara syrup and food coloring oh
yeah a tiny bit of non-dairy creamer
really never I never used that but that
was what does that do she I don't
remember it's been a while since I've
read the book but that was a part of it
you want me to follow up on my tweet on
why I am bread is absolute balls the the
game I am bread is is part of the new
genre of games where the premise is
purposefully bad controls and that's
supposed to be the fun of the game like
Octodad if you remember okay there's
kind of weird to move around but you
know overall that was the challenge yeah
he's doing generally mundane things with
difficult controls and while Octodad one
had humor and personality oh yeah I
thought it was fun even though it was
frustrating yeah and and more
importantly it had fun yeah yes okay
sorry so that was the thing is it was
even now on even while failing at
Octodad you were enjoying what was
happening because of the character
because of what was going it was silly
right whereas I am bread you play a
piece of bread that can move okay and
it's very hard to control
like I slice it I play a slice of bread
okay and you're trying to get to a
toaster you're trying to toast yourself
okay it lacks any silliness any fun they
was just tough controls and so it was it
was a really unenjoyable
time is a very bad game it's the
weirdest thing that genre so
intentionally how many games are there
like that but he's calling a genre yeah
it is an emerging genre huh I can think
of two I'm sure there's more okay I
don't know I want more than two before I
call something a genre thing but I like
s co-op oh there we go claw Wow
done the most frustrating game ever done
yes Oxford that fun out of 10 yeah
that's just the thing like octor that is
cute bread is dull that's this is all
the thing is it had no character to it
and the character is what gets you
through the rough patches
do you not have the fire exploding thing
I did it just won't explode all right
fine no surgeon simulator that's a good
one
surgeon simulator is a game where you
have very convoluted control to control
hands but you have to perform heart
surgery oh my god that was fun and it's
funny at least and and so that's that's
another intentionally bad control game
goat simulator isn't doesn't have bad
controls that's just that's a insane
sandbox that's a different kind of thing
that's just goofy that's just goofy yeah
surgeon simulators is another fine
example let's say we got four that's a
genre all right all right
I'm down with that okay I'm glad we
could be on the same page and yeah the
idea of a surgeon simulator is like
you're a heart surgeon and you just took
acid premise that's great so you have to
press different buttons and then you can
like try to grab things but of course
you're just knocking so it's very that's
a fun we should do that that sounds like
fun
we should play that game that's a silly
time all right I guess I didn't get it I
thought I did I don't know all right you
want see gum yeah yeah we're going for
Gollum all right I'll be give me like 30
seconds I don't have that kind of time
you don't have that guy's I don't know
telegin I don't know what photoshop's
for fun on Twitch is but yes I would do
it I guess I enjoyed I enjoyed
photoshopping things so is it really fun
so is it just photoshopping I like while
screaming because I'll do that I will be
doing some After Effects effects on
switch trims just because I'm sure I
won't have time to do them otherwise
you'll get to see some exclusive behind
the scenes space care footage the most
boring footage ever guess what making a
movie is boring alright here we go
oh wait wait he doesn't show up for the
near the end of this vision
what reason give me another minute rich
you promised you promised rich so
talking a lot of them they're definitely
talking about this one of those ghosts
from the end of Return of the King yeah
it's a reef another race are different
those are like the grim reaper looking
yeah but remember when he went into ring
worlds yeah and they look like that
in the human were in the real world they
look like grim reapers but in the in the
ring world they look like that okay get
it together
dong dong Ali I don't think we are gonna
do wiki Wars again only because some
assholes I know started changing
Wikipedia pages for us huh no no they
weren't no while we were playing wiki
Wars they were they were updating
Wikipedia pages Oh vandalism
there were some Wikipedia vandalism
going on and as a big supporter of
Wikipedia I cannot condone okay or
contribute to the vandalization of
Wikipedia so so no we will not be doing
wiki Wars again even though I thought it
was a fun fun time I Oh Jim Jim's here
hi Jim
oh hi Jim oh hello I'm sorry I didn't
see you off but it was nice seeing you
why would people want to come to our
streams
that's a very good question very
yes Jim Mazz well hopefully all is well
with you as well it's Jim Jim Matt yeah
okay yeah Jim to make sense cuz he's a
math painter his last name is that a
family name it's a family name oh okay I
get it now what a weird family man
that's true Genghis Borgnine if not for
Wicky Wars you would not exist but
that's that is also true as you
shouldn't ginga's Borgnine you're in
about your Tuvix
you're an abomination domination who
deserves to live that's true I was I've
been I've been reading listening to a
lot of that cuz I need all the footage
we talked about that during the Arkham
night stream oh we talked about two
weeks yeah I remember which is why it's
fresh on my mind I don't remember
anything we said I don't know it's from
a start I don't know I don't know the
Star Trek's it's from the Voyageurs okay
two separate people in a teleporter
accident gotten melded into one person
Tuvok and Neelix okay to fix okay I get
it I get it
and in an interesting turn this is one
of the very few interesting episodes of
Voyager yeah hey a moral dilemma is had
to vixx is now its own unique identities
it's part of Tuvok part of Neelix but
Captain Janeway wants to try to separate
them back into their original people
okay but Tuvok says no you know if that
happens to vixx will die Oh chef and I'm
here now and I didn't ask to be here but
you have but I'm here but I'm here and
you can't kill me okay and so Janeway
needs to decide whether she's going to
try to get her friends back or let this
new life-form live okay and she just
says fuck I'm killing you and get
yeah but I spoiler alert well the
premise sounds interesting it is even if
the payoff though basically the VM so it
ends with Janeway murdering an innocent
man all right in order to go down yeah
I'm with it
and her Gestapo dragging him off while
he's pleading for his life it's honestly
a little that sounds great
I approve Picard wouldn't never live
there no Picard would let two Vic's live
which is why he's the best no I'm sure
there were some there are some good
episodes there are some other good
episode Oh No
let's go there's golems gum is this a
recent game oh yeah
zany circus doing the voice of Gollum
yeah okay did you check that oh I
thought you checked that I never checked
that oh it sounds like Andy Serkis how
about that I'll back out that's good no
great if it sounds like him it's fine
I'm going as IMDB right now
tella god no I have not seen the English
version of SOS because that would ruin
SOS yeah who cares party yeah part of
the fun of SOS is is that it was in was
it Japanese Chinese Asian the fact that
it was in Asian did you do - did you -
do - did you do he is not listed on IMDB
for this year for this game okay so
maybe not he's busy doing Planet of the
Apes movies and the Black Panther movies
he's a busy guy he's a dude I liked him
in that Ultron even though he was only
in it for four minutes
no any circus is a talented ji this is
the promised moment yeah it's coming Oh
are we finally at gum there he is oh
that's him that's totally
he's I mean it's not listed an item
that's let's go to the game I love I
love go home I love this character is
oh that's funny
do you remember ratbag later in the game
rich uh yeah the or occur you helped
become captain that's Phil Lamarr
oh really from that TV from Bad TV's
film art famous for MADtv and getting
this head blown off in Pulp Fiction okay
ready Liam O'Brien
this isn't oh really this is Liam
O'Brien you know that's the voice of
Gollum and doing a very good any sense
this is fresh very good yeah Wow
interesting that's that's what according
to IMDB I looked up the game on IMDB
okay Phil Lamarr is also on the train
inspiring too I don't think he has a
line of dialogue it's possible that he
had dialogue that got cut he's there
he's just in the background but he's
there there you go tell Lamar also
Baxter Stockman in the Ninja Turtles new
cartoon oh really
also on the train and spider-man 2 is
Danny Hicks who's the hillbilly and evil
that too cuz Sam Raimi yes his loyal to
his friends and old actors
even picture the hillbilly an evil dude
he's great Bobby Jo Bobby Jo there's not
very many characters Niva led to so you
can't really even forget about it thank
you I know I know no one but ash I'm
sure he's in it
I know easy well I won I believe you
even if it wasn't listed in any internet
there's like five characters in evil ed
- he's one of them but he's also in oh
no no no movies by right - yeah possibly
I regard you might be an army of
Darkness but he's definitely inspired
ran - okay well there you go I should
check out Liam O'Brien's credits for
voice work extensive to say the least
I'm on a doom doom anyone that does
voice work like they have hundreds of
credits right anyone that does that for
a living I just want to see like what
he's done that where he's like a peeing
circus and maybe that's his job this
sound like somebody with you
oh he's he's an Arkham Knight okay as
man Batson alright he's in Lego Jurassic
world oh yeah he isn't just fucking
everything sheriff oh I do boys work
there they are in everything oh he's got
a he's got a Sony hard-on he's in the
order 1886 yes June which one was Finlay
rich no nor which character was Finlay
all those memorable characters no well
with all this who was Finlay was that
French guy or not French guy
I asked that was a chant
oh he's in Lego Batman that's great
oh my god he's everyone in Lego Batman
ooh
burly survived that one congratu oh
that's a big power - he was a he was a
big guy 18 power yeah this guy's been in
everything
Finley was the Oh what he was the French
guy who's that friendly the French GUI
the for the French guy so this is a guy
who does the voice of Gollum and this
also does the voice of the French guy in
the order 1886 oh yeah that guy you know
the French guy isn't it sad that it took
me that long to remember the French guy
he's the only other guy they're all
jerks
not running away running I want to fuck
around with these guys anyway right
which I don't want to be in this area in
general yes
yeah where do you want to go we're going
there okay Oh
nice jab donor oh good yeah and yes I
did remember to switch on the program to
remind people or to remind me of who's
subscribed so yeah I suppose I could
take a moment and thank the people who
subscribe Rich's uh Richie's Richie so I
will take a moment so we have press B to
dick punch mister shy smile
uncool aid man Grand Moff coolie
top ramens baby slavers one five six I
thought that was gonna be top bottoms
vodka gimlets fleshy patch tab or ik
negation Nick Mason and G masoned L
Ronco on powerful raindrop twister fest
self by sector grec neck dungeon master
blaster and gay for J thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it
oh you know what I know what the fucks
are not the what the fucks are not gone
permanently I just don't have them
turned on right now streaming is a
little different right now with Rich's
back rich rich does not want to use his
back more than necessary and so he
doesn't want to bring in his computer so
I'm actually streaming through my laptop
so things are a little different things
are a little different right now and I
didn't have the what the fuck set up to
stream on here but I will get them back
don't worry we'll get them back I know
those are fun some people leave them
some people hate them I like them
oh that's a that's a good question I'll
wait til Jay gets back and ask that
question to both Jay and rich the butter
zone that's a good question let's see if
Jay comes back and we'll ask that
question did it did it it a sneaky
sneaky sneak sneak sneaky sneaky sneak
sneak until I'm making a fool out of
this guy yeah Oh is he weak to stealth
kills I have no idea but oh yeah yeah
you got half of his damage done
Oh Oh
nice rich perfect
nice fucking perfect I mean that's
beautiful Dean you've got an intruder
after he killed your boss who say that
Oh new boss
oh fuck I don't know doohickey doohickey
says why do some people get thanked
every month
I've been subscribed for months and I've
only been thanked once we we only thank
people that we see and some it's quite
possible that you subscribed once and it
renews when uh when we're not streaming
and so we don't see it but thank you do
Hickey we really do appreciate you
subscribing but you know perhaps you
just didn't do it while we were
streaming I apologize but we do thank
you we thank all of our subscribers new
old people who haven't subscribed yet
getting subscribers that aren't
subscribers that's good I haven't
subscribed yet okay so Jay here is a
question posed while you were going okay
and I thought you should be around here
to answer it with rich uh answer is yes
which was more miserable oh my god
filming gorillas interrupted or spacecab
rollator update you guys didn't see the
utter lack of hesitation gorillas in
trouble yeah
space cop was frustrating just because
it was so like stretched out but Girl
Interrupted was almost because of one
person it was a miserable experience you
know you don't need to do that you it's
Mike
okay well that's good to know yeah
making any movie is a frustrating
nightmare mm-hmm basically live your
dreams kids yeah
leave your friend cremated be prepared
to pay for it it's the experience of
making movie like the exciting part is
right before you start making it yeah
when you have the idea and you're like
we're gonna do this that's when it's
exciting and then the moment you start
shooting it's a miserable night
yes from the moment you start shooting
until you're done it's it's it's awful
every time you're free I killed everyone
you're free feel free to talk to that
guy with the fist mm-hmm can you talk to
that guy yeah you're free Oh dad now
you're really free run run forth slave
humans I split you know like filming a
movie is hard
probably because you have to make sure
that it's you know good you have to try
like every day that's the things it's
it's a lot of work yeah it's a lot of
work making movies especially when you
don't have a crew mm-hmm especially when
you want to die
could you imagine shooting stuff for
space cab now rich it would be on hiatus
yeah I remember back when and this was
but like like people don't really pay
much attention to feeding frenzy but
back when it came out there was you know
a couple like reviews of it like it's on
DVD here's our review okay and there was
one person that was like I'm an aspiring
filmmaker I I want to make movies I
watched the RN listen to the commentary
track for feeding frenzy and it made me
never want to make a movie
I was like that's not our intention but
that's probably the appropriate response
Italy is like even something as simple
as feeding frenzy like if you watch it
like it seems simple and it's very
low-tech very low-budget but like let's
make a movie and have fun no yeah no
it's never fun it's no it's always like
oh we got to do this we got to do that
we got to do this it's it's it's just
nothing but a series of like nightmare
scenarios that's that's kind of the
thing about this industry is it is it
has its own gate and the gate is how
hard it is yeah
which is why so few people do it yeah
it's why so few people get past a
certain point it takes a certain kind of
insanity to keep going yes some people
call persistence
work ethic no no it's pure an utter
insanity yeah I do like how the slaves
also beat up the hora yeah that's
oh that's true yeah for anyone who
doesn't know a game we're playing we're
playing Middle Earth shadow of Mordor I
did update the stream I think and it's
basically Batman in middle-earth but
it's basically just the combat and so I
was just gonna say instead of a story
you just murder orcs and every time you
murdering or more orcs come now and so
then you murder those orcs so many fucks
and then there's a lot of words which I
guess is it's true like in the movie
there's a lot of words there is so
there's a lot of orc murder and then
every once in a while you see Andy
Serkis and then there's more earth
mortar Dirk more pork more birth there's
Morgan will there be murder and murder
I'm good I'm going to see the circus
circus' after I murder and murder
the circus circus is where Andy Serkis
is performance in a circus I was gonna
say Circus Circus is in Vegas right yeah
Vegas Vegas it's in Vegas circus is
Omegas Vegas Vargas is the thing right
what's a Vargas I think is the thing
that you just made up no circus Vargas
Scott Farkas is a character in a
Christmas story yeah now you're spouting
gibberish Scott Farkas no guy Farkas
Scott Farkas is the villain in a
Christmas story he's the bully kid oh
that's right yeah Scott Farkas played by
Andy Serkis after he performed on the
circus
whilst we murder in Mordor we need the
bat glide what is happening is we're
losing our mind slowly surely that's
what always happens I'm not yeah just
Veronica lurks that's what's happening
that's there's not much more to it yeah
there this this game is not much it's
fun I'm killing captains you get points
for killing cab
then this to level up yeah and then they
leave behind rooms for your swords the
combat is really fun but you know that's
alright I I'm looking for a little bit
more ash it's very generous with the
Connery tag it's almost like an easier
Batman combat well you can in the in the
options you can turn notification you
know notifications off if you want it to
be a little more challenging oh you can
do it rich what locations are best to
peruse a career in the industry I can
only assume you're talking about the
video industry go to California that's
the only place those jobs go to Los
Angeles
that's the only place there are jobs in
the industry that's it if you're talking
about traditionally I guess oh I know
still today if you will want a job in
video production film you have to be in
Los Angeles yeah that's just the thing
jobs elsewhere are few and far between
you know you probably you might not get
a job making movies I have a friend who
moved out to LA recently got it finally
got a job in the industry and he is uh
he's working for a trailer house so you
know it's his job to help he's an
assistant editor in a trailer now so he
watches unreleased movies to find the
trailer images but Jody how to start the
director Kremlin's there you go he
edited trailers for Roger Corman if
that's what you're looking for if you
want to be a part of the quote-unquote
industry that's where you guys that's
what you gotta do if you just want to
make sure you can do that right now go
buy him just make things just make
things
notice how there is a big difference
between being in the industry and making
things yes because that is really really
true see orcs just keep fucking coming I
know it's kind of annoying
yes it's very annoying rich I like the
idea of clearing an area in any games I
just want to pick up that room drops
doom-doom Polk says after spending after
nights spent out in the deepest darkest
reaches of London you'd be surprised how
familiar most of the dialogue sounds in
this game mate you see the food bone I
don't think any orcs have talked about
football they will
how could anybody be get so excited over
something so boring
wrong noah's mike my friend is is not
the one responsible for making all the
trailers look and sound exactly the same
that would be his bosses and really
their bosses work for studios trailer
houses work for studios and studios want
their trailers to look exactly the same
yeah he was cutting what was that was
that awful movie not on i don't know
every movie no it was a recent movie
from a set in hawaii
bradley cooper oh the camera curl movie
yeah what was that called huh that just
came out I want to say San Andreas but
that's not right that's the rock movie
that's that's way wrong Jay what the
fuck was that movie called nobody saw it
it came and went
McCamey Wonderstone was in it emma is
she and she was Samoan Emma Samoan and
mr. Moen it just came out and nobody
remembers Aloha Aloha Aloha
remember that hit rachel mcadams was in
it and emma stone it up now like Baldwin
and Bradley Cooper and Bill Murray one
Krasinski and Danny McBride oh my god
these are all the people that are in
this movie that nobody is seen nobody
remembers a month after it came out yep
yep I only know because I was just
looking at IMDB so he was helping cut
trailers for that yeah and part of his
job is watching these movies that
haven't been released yet or parts of
the movies that haven't been released as
sure and he was telling these stories
that they would get edits weeks apart
and then be entirely different movies oh
sure like they had no idea what that
movie was right before release date yeah
and I think that's beautiful
well that seems appropriate for Cameron
Crowe like I don't know what the fuck's
going on with
oh that's a very important question the
space cops character arc involved
learning not to just put ketchup on his
on time oh that's you know what I never
realized ketchup on a hot dog was so
controversial really came out like there
are people that it oh my god that came
out of the controller that came out of
oh okay
yeah no I never realized that ketchup on
a hot dog was so controversial but this
trailer is proven that most people are
very angry about the idea of ketchup you
know I don't like it
yeah you like it more than ketchup or
more than uh mustard hey that's why
there's ketchup on the hotdogs in the
trailer is because the other option is
mustard in ritual not even one yeah
there's there's shit on hotdogs
do you know peppers I know but then but
then it doesn't look like a hot dog
exactly you mean it to be visually
recognizable as a hot dog
I understand these things whenever if
you put onions or our peppers or what
like you need the the you know any
simplicity of a hot dog with some sort
of condiment you wind it on the oven you
need a bunch of condiments and then the
nubbins sticking out that's pretty
common oh let me need a bun with a hot
dog in one thing visually that's what
you need it looks good but yeah I just
ketchup on a hot apparently everybody's
upset about the the ketchup on a hot dog
you know what you're just gonna have to
live with it
yeah nope that that particular hot dog
that some of the thumbnail isn't even in
the fucking movie it doesn't matter
that's a that's a the original opening
of the movie in which we have since
changed so it's not even in the movie
there you go down about the ketchup I'm
gonna take that shot digitally remove
the ketchup and and add some extra
condiments okay you do that a motion
track urea renders the scene isn't in
the
anymore some onions I had no idea that
ketchup was such a comfortable playing I
didn't mean very very upset about if I
catch up on the hotdog yeah yeah you
know we all have our things I know it's
like a Chicago thing like you don't put
ketchup on all these oh maybe they're
all very adamant about it you have a
very strong Chicago in fan base hey you
know that makes sense shit-shit Kogan's
yeah it makes us rich yeah so kind of
going you chicken shit comedians
what a what a sliders remake work the
television shows sliders oh god what was
where did they slide to mind trap no
it's other dimensions other dimension of
realities alternate timelines oh it was
based at the show was what is yeah it'll
probably look like today cuz whatever
cares I was gonna say I don't think it
would because I think in general people
are getting a more refined taste for
television I would like to hope they
could do some interesting historical
what-ifs with it but then the show
stopped doing that and started doing
just weirdo like the world where magic
exists yep I barely remember sliders I
think was carried on sliders
I mean look her up that's not a name no
it is she wasn't a ton of B movies
Carrie were war Carrie were wait that's
her name okay I'm gonna look it up was
she on that show she was Carrie world
wasn't my show oh yeah she was oh she
was an anaconda she's in sharknado 2 all
right now you gotta see chef manitou I
guess
nope so a sliders was a mid-90s
television show in which the characters
found a portal to another dimension
built as a machine it was a device that
open one but though there they couldn't
find their way back home and so they
were jumping from dimension to dimension
so every week it would be like what if
instead of men being in charge of the
country it was wind right what if
instead of cars we wrote on square
wheels Davies it was on that show he's
the one good part about the show John
rhys-davies sure what if penicillin
never existed everyone died that episode
that was an actual episode oh really
that's not a joke so it was kind of like
quantumly
yes very quantum leap yeah a little
quantum leap a little Twilight Zone a
little schluck sure and Carrie were
that's not good were was in Sony like
like cheap cable softcore movies and she
was in king of the ants directed by
Stuart Gordon which is a great movie
that nobody has ever seen ever even
though it's good king of the ants yeah
it's fair to my Stuart Gordon who did
reanimate her from beyond all these
great movies nobody's seen it it was
like one of the very you know the asylum
the company of the asylum mock Buster's
yeah I am a been their first movie yeah
before they were known for doing mock
Buster's um it's a good movie it's
really gritty and dark and good care she
did a ton of softcore movies that's
that's what everybody knows her from
Carrie war but she was on that show that
was like her attempt to break into the
mainstream oh okay oh that's a good one
Jimmy Jam five what if Hitler was a
slightly better painter Wow sliders it
was you know it was fine it was a fine
premise of the week's show I don't know
if it were it would work now just
because I don't know I don't know if
premise of the week is good enough
anymore hmm
no no it's about overarching stories you
know which is about a layout like a show
that like every week we learn a little
bit more about an overall story you know
we're getting we're getting kind of a
kind of a version of that the minute
from high castles the men in high
castles that still go that got picked up
that got picked up by Amazon that all I
haven't seen that it's if you have you
have Amazon Prime I do I haven't seen
the show though they only have the pilot
up and it's great it's it's basically
what if the Germans and Japanese won
World War two okay and it's it's
fantastic and they picked it up for a
full season but that's the whole thing
if that's a big what-if but it's an
overarching so sure sure that's what
sliders has become nowadays
all right let's go fuck him
what about Luke knack the friendly whoa
he's got a big posse what the damn girl
yeah I suppose you're right the butter
he's on doctor who has a story of the
week with an overarching story mixed in
yeah I mean Doctor Who sucks now but
when they did it right they did it right
how about this the the real safe answer
is if it's done well enough anything
organ that's sure but that's a boring
answer it's true it's true yes I do know
there's a book the men from high castles
and the show is based off of the book
okay fine
I don't care about no book except for I
got a book I did I'm and I'm so excited
to read it I know nothing about this
book okay all I know is the guy who
wrote wool a book I love oh yeah I'm
talking about Hugh Howey
tweeted out no write em nope oh did you
just kill the guy that gives you
information the guy who wrote the book
the book wool did a foreword and has
been tweeting about this new book called
abominations okay I know nothing about
it but based off of his recommendations
i pre-ordered it and it came like five
days ago and I've been so busy I haven't
even had a chance to crack it open and
it's so upsetting cuz it's standing
there I just want to read it happens I
just want to read it I understand
it's called abomination I don't know
nothing about it probably bad enough
nomination probably about a bon
abomination I hope it's not I hope
that's not what it's about it's just a
really pleasant story about a young
couple falling in love yeah oh I should
have Tara gated him
was that the captain yeah you could kill
the captain like that apparently yeah
well there you go first time I've ever
seen that well there you go
abomination known it's not called
Obamanation I'm sure there's a book
called abomination oh sure
this is abomination that's the most
obvious thing there has to be of course
right when will you see another board
game night it's I I have actually I
don't do your game nights by the way we
haven't been to now got to business is
gonna say it like I'm not on Facebook so
I have no idea what's going on no no we
haven't for a long time because we've
been too busy okay but we played an
amazing game recently okay called small
world and it's basically like risk but
faster okay and instead of you get one
army to control you get waves of
people's and like your peoples die off
and then you've replaced them with new
peoples with new abilities great small
small world smile wander a small one be
show about the little girl that's yeah
it's called small one and you have to
build little girls and it's not creepy
okay they're like cuz I have Hulu Plus
and I realized recently that they have
else oh did he show up I was like holy
fuck
Alif I loved alphas a tiny child I'm
gonna watch is a chinese-style as a
Chinese tiny child so I watched the
first episode I was like no like I'm
done is it really that bad it's elf is a
terrible show it's not funny it's awful
but what about Ronda his love interest
he loved her Ronda
that was his girlfriend's name back on
Melnick Melnick is the off-planet
do you talk about around the live-action
show I mean II did they're not a
live-action show there was a cartoon
cartoon there was a cartoon it was him
back on his alien planet that the
cartoon was always depressing cuz you
knew that all of these people
are going to die except for elf oh yeah
no I watched the first episode of the of
the sitcom and I was like nope
life's too short I'm not gonna keep
watching this yes that's the correct
answer life's too short
it was exciting for a moment cuz I loved
it as a kid yeah it's like oh yeah I'm
gonna read watch Alf nope I'm done I'm
done
oh he's behind the couch again cuz he's
a puppet now yeah I think that's why I
liked it as a kid was just because it
was a public but it sucks
no spoilers elf sucks I'm sorry but yeah
I do want to be more boardgames I have
one that I've been waiting to do for a
stream when it's just rich and I and
when his backs not hurting cuz you know
when you play a board game you kinda
have to sit for a long period of time
but yes more board games all the time I
love board games so much I'm a big fan
of board games I have a two-player game
called I forget because I forget things
have a two-player game that I want to do
live on stream because I've been playing
it and enjoying it with Lisa and I'd
love to do it upstream
hey it's Phil Lamarr who does this troll
yeah her work or whatever does a troll
or troll work ratbag okay
his name is Rhett his name is rat
Baggins phil lamarr yep he gets the side
blown off and full section oh that's
right I'm not in control I remember when
you did this yeah you know wait is that
phil lamarr or is it someone else
in fiction there might not be some
lamar's no it's a white guy isn't it no
no you know what I'm thinking about
super troopers there's a white guy in
the back of the car I don't know if it's
phil lamarr might be confusing him with
someone else
when you're looking up no I've never
watched tabletop I think I've heard of
it though
table table top is the Wil Wheaton's
YouTube show where he plays board games
I've never seen someone's gonna tell me
if I'm right it is it is Phil Lamarr is
full oh yeah okay I found it
it is Phil Lamarr no Marvin wasn't white
I in my head I was seeing anything in a
Frank Whaley the other guy in that scene
in the big of Hoonah burger scene I was
I was thinking about him and then that
made me flash to the guy in the back
seat of the current super troopers who's
really stoned well there's three guys in
the back of the contract and super
troopers is there yeah oh I thought
there was just the one now three dudes
there's one that's freaking out yeah
who's married to Christina Hendricks
Tina Hendricks yeah
I've seen which is insane because that
guy's like weird-looking Troy it gives
us all hope ladies like funny guys Jim
apparently that guys in Garden State
he's the best part of Garden State I
hate that movie but he's in a very funny
scene in that where he's working at the
hardware store
it's good oh yeah you know I like board
games so I like tabletops one of those
games one of those shows that I always
want to check out but I never do
I do enjoy um if you're into board games
you probably know shut up and sit down
which is a board game review show and
website and blog about 4k you say so
it's a new level of nerd it's it's a
good show that reviews different for
games and tabletop games that's that's
how I found k2 oh that was that was a
good play Monopoly I enjoy monopoly
there's nothing there's nothing wrong
with monopoly this is the point where I
stop playing the game yeah by the way me
too you got it like after after my
stream on Sunday I I picked it up a
couple more nights like four maybe I
maybe I got three more hours into the
game and it's just this it's this that
you've been watching this is all that
happens in the game okay you just wander
around and kill works and there might be
more like they're making more stories
but this is all I've experienced and it
has bored me to utter tears I understand
I get good combat though really good
combat
monopoly has broken up more families
than alcoholism ha that's true stuff you
know the problem with monopoly it's
boring
no I don't know no it is it's boring the
problem with monopoly is no one plays by
the actual rules of monopoly that's true
there you know everyone has house rules
and those house rules make the game last
8 hours longer yeah yeah if you play by
the rule set that the game comes with
it's a it's a nice easy game it's not
the greatest demon we're boring but
monopoly is fucking boring nothing wrong
with them no it's fine but it's boring
yeah sure there isn't much more story to
this game the devs were forced to rush
the end and cut about 30% of the content
oh well then fuck man
I've just you know I'm just also just
not terribly into the Lord of the Rings
world okay I am but this still looks
kind of boring
I love the orcs I love the way they talk
why can't we have some meat meats back
on the menu boys right there's so many
beheadings and there's a lot of
grotesque stuff in the Lord of the Rings
movies I do like your overactive blonde
yeah yeah yeah and that's solely because
it's easier to get around the reigns
board yeah we haven't Black Orchid gore
is fun why can't we have some meat it's
great
Oh apparently late late in the game they
introduce you to a new very neat
mechanic and you get to use it twice
near the end of the game
that's a shame
I'm whoever brought this to our
attention thank you because this is
exactly the Batman game in the middle
earth girl world shit nice and we were
talking about just wanting to play more
Batman game but in a different universe
so thank you to whoever brought this to
our attention
yeah Jay likes Lord of the Rings he's a
nerd Lord of the Rings he's the son of a
few things in the last 15 years that I
really loved and I didn't like Lord of
the Rings the first time I saw the the
first movie in the theater I think I saw
it rich with you and Mike yeah yeah and
when we left the theater and I was like
I don't get it I was like cuz it was so
dense like there's so much like
backstory and world building and I just
did not get it
and then I went to work the next day or
the day after and my boss at the
hardware store he was a huge like he
loved the books and he's like oh was
this cuz he hadn't seen the movies yet
he was like it was this part in it was
this in it was ass in it I was like yeah
that was in it and that was pretty cool
he's like was this in it it was like
yeah that was it too and I was kind of
neat he's just mentioned all these
individual elements and I was like and
the more we talked I was like that was
cool that was cool that's like oh maybe
not like this person I saw his second
cyber leader and I was like this is
great it was just the first time I
thought it was too much yeah it was like
too much to take in
yeah but it took a lord of the rings'
dork who love the books
6
Wayne to me why the movies were
worthwhile oh oh I like that part I like
this part okay they're good even though
you liked all the individual parts you
couldn't process them all together yeah
it was it was too much cuz it's like cuz
there is like I mean the movie starts
with the prologue and it's like like
this happens and this happens it was
like it was too much for my brain to
process oh sure I mean there's a
thousand years before the movie starts
exactly there's so much backstory and I
just I did not get it it was too much
for my tiny tiny brain to process but my
mom was so pissed at me after she saw
that movie because I told her you know
she's a normal movie goer yeah and she's
like what do you think about that
Fellowship of the Ring she never had in
the books or anything yeah she came out
she was so pissed at me I had assumed
she knew that it was part one of three
oh sure but she came in expecting a full
movie yeah and she hates cliffhangers
sure and she's just like I'm ain't
leavin they don't even finish the movie
they didn't get the ring back - there's
two more movies man just just the worst
I think I'm about done okay yeah you
know what it's midnight we can be done I
think it's been a nice run I want to end
it here okay
we can do that let's see if we have no
new subscribers um well thank you
everyone for coming out our first J
stream in a while
it's a J full stream the person a while
yeah yeah you've been you've been
avoiding us you've been in the future of
space for a while sure I might have
waiting anything I've just been busy
fucking busy trying to finish four
fucking movie uh stupid movies but thank
you all for coming out thank you to all
the new subscribers thank you to all the
old subscribers
hey subscribers since uh no
no no so I'd so you know I say new
subscribers but they're not yeah yeah
not really there but
