Episode 342
Rocket League - WooHoo (Part 1)
August 22, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVj8jfUdHbU
___________________________________________

and now we are now well thanks for
tuning everybody this is a ke POF for
your Eck 720 m evening and we are live
what am i doing we were hoping you knew
oh no I felt like I was doing a euchre
which is which is always something that
happens in Milwaukee oh yeah everyone
does it you confirm for those who don't
know euchre is our famous baseball
announcer who was also the dad on mr.
Belvedere was also the announcer in
major league they go it just makes sense
it just makes sense
hi everybody Josh's here setbacks
everybody that's okay there's a little
technical difficulty you guys are used
to that are you're gonna see a black
screen for a little bit using as brats
or uh musi i once i was listening to a
game and yeah and you crew was doing a
promo for you singers brats it was like
a giveaway like a full box of free using
their brats some with bytes taken out
who cares love that guy no egg national
treasure this is all nothing seen no
this is all not pink okay okay nobody
knows nothing about say anything nobody
knows nothing about nothing I don't know
nothin about nothin'
isn't that right Chad you know nothing
about nothing
I was vampire toe and what is what is
vampire you don't want to know it's it's
very unpleasant but you know the fact
that I'm not dead yeah as far as I can
tell I'm you know I'm moving and stuff
so that's good welcome back to moving
hey thanks an improvement yeah no I just
I was around
doing stuff why is it stuck in here I
don't want this game oh what have you
done I click on a wrong thing and there
we go there we go ok now good exactly
you can see the rocket League
we're playing rocket League alright how
do we set this up so friends can join
what do we do here Jack my match or
private match would probably how you
deal with it ok if anyone is my
PlayStation Network friend
I believe rich is trying to set up a
match so hop on it hold on I'm trying to
tweet and you guys are talking to me
while I'm trying to tweet let's go and
and it's it hurts my brain ped invites
someone at the party before starting a
private match you say I don't want a
player game at all I don't understand
these words create party ok ok what
happens when you create for I don't know
oh I don't know either
alright I guess it just said all hide
away what a wait what am i doing I don't
know what I'm doing oh lordy ah no I
just get out of here it's good just get
out of here and just go to random fine
match alright just do that that'll be
that'll be fine that'll be better
that'll be fine yeah we're playing on
ps4 we're playing on the ps4 rich has
been playing for the past 10 minutes and
loves it
it's neat it's different it makes it if
they finally found a way to make soccer
fun
hey I can't help the way I feel well yes
alright ok I know I'm I'm I'm almost
done tweeting I was I was I was
transfixed by the spinning blue thing
wow that's Geneva blue thing yes
sometimes we do have other games to play
in case we get incredibly sick of this
though this looks amazing so I don't
know how you
goodness no I was saying before when
live that I'm not generally a video game
person so when they see like oh this is
the new big thing I look at it and gone
oh hey everybody's playing this game and
I really get it but this is this is cool
I like the design I like kind of how the
physics work what I'm seeing it looks
just silly enough right like oh yeah it
is a simple premise and good controls
yes here it is you get a rocket you go
oh no
did you just score on yourself I think
somebody else that means they kill me
right to my head oh lordy into the
orange gold alright you can do this for
people they're just tuning in this is
Josh I'm here
josh is here because of general work
schedule Josh was talking to me last
week I was like hey I haven't seen you
in since forever
yeah it's true he's like let's get
together and then we went back and forth
a couple days oh you can't do this day
oh I can't do this day well how about
Wednesday
oh he's cream white oh you know you
should just come to this room I should
just come to the stream now that God can
do that this is how you hang out with
your friends when you're a workaholic
yes easy work and you just made all the
things we do in two shows close it's too
bad there's no show of me sitting on my
couch drinking whiskey and listening to
records but I'm working on it I'm not
working on that can you make a show
right why not have to be amazing he
probably is probably illegal to stream
other people's music uh you have to
license you know you can do it
I'm talking over Wow yep but I don't
want to talk over the records I want to
listen to the records I want to sit
quietly god damn it yes rich is a big
fan of balls camp okay um I think I'm
being oh boy I'm being asked to
acknowledge my beard acknowledge it
acknowledged great there you go
I even play the tutorial was it tutorial
you know rich did you play the tutorial
yeah actually I haven't shaved in like a
month because your beard is not as epic
as a normal it's not but it's also it's
it's very shaggy because it's been hot
and it there you go nice yeah yeah
there's just like the barest amount of
moisture on my face like again I give it
just a little flip oh I'm a ball hog oh
oh boy oh whoa okay work as a team rich
doesn't work as a team you can do it
rich Packard scores well Murdoch 283
asks a very important question
oh yes where's Jay that's a very good
question I don't know I'm not sure or
where I don't know where Jay Z I'm sorry
what I've always been here Oh what are
you playing I car car soccer is that the
name of the game okay and you have a
rocket-powered RC car and you play
soccer with everyone although I think
I'm with Jay and that I think it would
be better if it was I'd listening you
think it was better if it was named you
said that no car soccer I got lost
yeah I've known it's I'm very in favor
of truth and naming things car soccer
yes that's why baby genius smart babies
it's a little upsetting to me that there
are C cars I think they should I think
it would be cool if there were real
sized cars people were in this work so
is death and destruction well I think it
works because there's their light and
they would like to bouncing around or
something that are yeah you know what
you suede blue suede me blue suede my
shoes that's exactly what I said cap
blue suede I'm not really sure what
that's supposed to refer to I don't
it doesn't sound clean yes empathetic
one I do know that pho is perhaps fun
and it's delicious sweet oh god yeah
it's tough it's delicious but you know
it looks like it would be pronounced
faux and I believe I have pronounced it
faux in the past I think we all have for
the first time the first few times
yeah would you call that a foul pop
that's a fucking great job that was a
great joke you can tell it was a good
joke by the dead silent yeah I I enjoyed
it I'm sure many people have made that
joke but but also there so there are
some fantastic places in Milwaukee look
lucky to have those it's been a little
while since I've been I made myself
you mean fun yeah what do you have to do
well it's I mean the thing is I made
sort of like a cheap version of it
because like if you really do it
properly you have to get like beef bones
and boil them to get to tell them out
and the thing oh my god I just made like
broth like beef broth but you mean ramen
noodles didn't you know but I seasoned
it and then I added you know right and
did this and so okay I in my you know
sort of weird cooking more it's just
like I have these things see if I can
make this you know allowed to be proud
of that what everybody has made fun yeah
most people don't cook at all so I think
that's true you know it's a special
treat
I like cooking I do damnit damnit
I scored twice which really you know
what counts is once if you consider the
one I accidentally not did can I say how
weird it is that you just happen to be
playing against someone with the name oh
my face
Oh are these these are not like people
from the stream or no no these are not
people from the stream these are just
random people and I want to say that's a
rich Evans line oh my face
how am i grain is more famous shit oh my
face isn't space cop though yeah yeah oh
but they're okay this ruse is explaining
how much you have to do for real thought
you have to turn scraps into kind of a
jelly soup and it's hard to make small
portions oh sure it's like it's one of
those things rock you make it you make a
ton of it and it doesn't really it's
kind of hard to I've refrigerated it and
it did seven oh yeah I was gonna say
it's probably like like grease like
leftover cooking grease oh it gets like
gelatinous and gross means it's easy to
take to go yes need to scoop it out
alright it's just solid eat it with a
spoon I mean I do that with bacon grease
mmm spoon Falls to make the woods
that was a good shot - I gotta say fuck
you bleach weeds
oh that's it I mean Animists Prime
that's a great question for Josh Josh
are you angry that both Jay and rich
stole your identity as bearded rlm guy
haha
these are port Boston Rob I had the
perfect angle and the guy's fucked up my
shots all I know is it as if all I know
is beard God could be stolen have you
not seen Josh's fall beard by of I J and
her riches power combined they could not
touch them this is a month right right
there's beards and then there's Josh's
beard so settle down Internet she's
trying to break up our little friend
group here give us against each other
always that's all they ever were winner
takes beard I think that were the best
of the worst beard match we all pick a
movie lover
oh yeah know where winner keeps his
beard but nobody would vote for like
everyone will further our moves well
that's why we have a fourth person this
is spoiler oh okay someone on bearded
winner Pig be it well what we need it we
would need to other people right and
then the two other people would watch
the movies oh so we wouldn't even come
on okay okay though that's doable we
could probably you know a couple of the
people in there somehow this is the
thing this is what having a beard
centric movies as well what would be
considered like a beard movie is there a
documentary about people who had
those beard competitions yeah I'm sure
there is the first thing I'm thinking of
is somebody's gotta be Canadian really
any movie where someone has any when
somebody grows a beard during the movie
or has a beard on the cover that's all
I'm saying okay it has to be like a real
beard like whoa not just like a like a
pansy tripping all over ourselves or
let's chuck norris yeah yes so op what
oh all right you got a whole new twist
see I really like the legends of the
fall is that a beard movie I don't know
sure okay I think the the the only
criteria for a beard movie is the person
on the cover of the movie has a beard
okay an enemy you know even if it's even
if it's a VanDyke another beer that's
not a beard its facial you want to be
everything it phobia it has it has to be
a Philippine okay yeah no it's got to be
a beard okay how do you very specific
rules here you're right sorry so this is
happening I don't we'll shoot it tonight
beard of the worst a beard of the worse
and it'll be out tomorrow it'll be out
tomorrow does that mean say it doesn't
take any time at all no you kidding me
oh there's a truck it's other were
different cars I didn't seem like they
the truck that's an interesting know
what kind of advantage that gives you
chicks in the back hey you can like haul
pretty great I like mulch all around
some mulch great just don't don't
combine the two unless you're you know
you're trying to get freaky
I like you to smell like a fresh garden
ball boy boy boy I'm sorry what's
alright no I'm good okay uh I see it
just gesture bell Jeremiah Johnson used
to be her movie and I've never seen
Jeremiah Johnson I've seen the cover of
Jeremiah Johnson said a movie yeah sorry
frother Redford know what thanks God
he's got the hugest fucking beard okay
thanks God he's got an epic beard a very
famous movie speed a revered hundred has
anyone seen all is lost no sound Netflix
now it's really great yeah yeah it's
well worth it not the only act like the
only actor pretty much the whole movie
oh that one yeah it's his he's out to
seas on a boat you don't know why at the
beginning and his boats hits this like
barge thing let's just down the middle
the ocean and so his boat is like
sinking so the whole movie is just him
trying to survive insane nobody gonna
show it again and as it goes along you
kind of learned like why he's out there
it's really great cool yes damn it
rich loves rocket I do love back at me
right now it is free for any ps+ member
let's be on the reason I got into this
pre I probably wouldn't have paid for it
yeah no I know
okay so all is lost
yeah okay yeah I remember yeah I
remember when that came out but I just I
think it was one of those things I
missed yeah that's just kind of with me
too or is like cuz I knew that it was
like almost no dialogue and very minimal
is like that's my kind of thing yeah
yeah it's on Netflix it's well worth
watching excellent I oh I watched the
documentary on the Wrecking Crew which
is the group of students from Los
Angeles and 60 of the played online
oh yeah boys yeah records that my fiends
and all that um it was okay
I wasn't documentary what you like
filmmaking wise it wasn't
thing spectacular it was just kind of
cool to hear some of the stories but
yeah but I went in probably doing a lot
more the lot of people would oh yeah
that could be bad for documentary yeah
that's like me with the George Romero
yeah what does it call Oh documentary of
the Dead yes that has me confused with
doc of the Dead right oh really there's
another one it's a newer one yeah it's
it's just a documentary about George
Romero yeah but I like I knew pretty
much everything in it so I mean it's
well made III there was some stuff I
didn't know about that's and I thought I
thought it was just overall yeah I was a
good movie but yeah I can totally see
like now I mean yeah it was well done
yeah they're people not as familiar I
guess I would recommend it yes it is
called doc you documented the Dadar
document of the death no document under
that is the one that was made about Dawn
of the Dead
okay so it's a documentary the right
bronchus one it is document that's
document of the Dead yeah that's right
you mean yeah so it's the other one it's
the other one it's on Netflix not
document of the Dead or dock of the Dead
I think it's documentary of the Dead now
not only do we have too many zombie
movies but we have too many
documentaries oh you fucker are these
you know fucker fuck my own goddamn
teammate oh come on hey rich makes a
good point yeah guys for playing the
game even a little bit I just like it in
the middle of random conversations yeah
no it's fine
I'm dealing with it by bringing it up
and you do you rich
Oh their birth of the Living Dead birth
of the Living Dead that's okay at least
it is a different enough title where it
won't get confusing with the other ones
yeah although I got a computer so I
guess it doesn't matter there you go
jump rich jumping one thing of the time
we hear you Oh bother
rich is gonna learn how to jump it's
gonna be great talk about that oh did
you guys see the Deadpool trailer no I
haven't seen the full one I've seen a
bunch of teasers and some test footage
yeah I saw the full one I don't know
anything about Deadpool like to me that
it looks like cuz I know people are like
oh it's violence and they're sweary and
alright it's like just a running me of
kick ass so it's like I already saw this
his tone I don't know anything about the
Deadpool character so I don't know -
mock other superheroes now he breaks the
fourth wall okay violence which you know
most comic books are from the time to
come and code so they weren't allowed to
be too violent
yeah it's this kind of gleeful violence
yeah okay like that's kind of like kick
ass - oh yeah if he breaks the fourth
wall in the movie and comments on the
gym that's his trademark yes that's okay
the whole Deadpool whole bid is breaking
the fourth wall okay they don't hinted
that in the trailer but if they do that
then that's interesting there's probably
not a good way to do that in the trailer
that's what they've got to do that oh
yeah I can only hope that he out like
calls people by their actual actor's
name that would be great yeah be better
yeah I am speaking of Marvel it related
things although done a movie thing I
just started reading the Hawkeye run
done by Matt Fraction not in that
fraction and it's it's basically it's
it's the stuff that happens when he's
not with the Avengers
and it's wonderful I know it's a someone
someone I recommended I read that as
well yeah here's the thing that bothered
me about it and I know it was supposed
to be a joke but why does everyone call
him bro why does everyone oh well all
the time it's it's the Russians yes and
it's just annoying
I get it that it's supposed to be
annoying but it works okay that's you
know I'm through the first paper back so
far side and gotten super far into it
but no I thought that was just the
things that they picked up a you know an
English ISM exactly and then they all
use it and that's is this a recent comic
or this is yeah this is pretty reason
this is yeah I like a man I just I
really like meta French ins style I mean
sex criminals is amazing okay that one's
really good sex criminal sex criminals
it's about um sex sex criminals well not
exactly I mean in a nutshell and there's
a lot more to it but in a nutshell it's
about these two people that discover
they both have the power of stopping
time when they have orgasms that's great
right that's a really great premise yeah
oh it's great yeah and there's old
there's it there's a bunch more to it
and there's this learn the other thing
but I have read the first two Jake
paperback to that and it's great and
it's fun and it's like sex positive and
not exploitative which is funny mmm like
you would expect that to be like yeah
and it's really not get it from you look
the library library still exists
yeah library exists all the fuckin thing
I was the first William Goldman book
sitting if they live at the library
waiting for me to pick it up and then
read those countries in the spring trade
yeah you know I mean well I mean I'd
yeah read them it's just him I guess
it's just him talking about
right movies oh he's good storyteller I
have official list they have too many
spreadsheets
a spreadsheet problem I haven't
spreadsheet addiction mindless sir in my
brain which is why I never remember
anything this is what I gotta write him
up out people say have you seen this or
if you read this and they say it's on my
lists and then I forget about it after I
say that that's what I used to do and
then I actually started making lists
yeah yeah and scoring points those
fucking gives you shit
who gives a fuck why don't you try some
of these different bad I don't like
we're playing on the ps4 ps4 no rollin
chance mixture calm oh that's a
reference yeah that's a reference to a
different video game a game is that
great before all of movie be call over
there has to be a poor version of
quality yeah yeah or it could just be
called call of duty how is the games we
own spreadsheet coming along and not at
all someone had a very good idea which
is rich and I need to make spreadsheet
of all the games we own so no one will
gift us I've been working on other
spreadsheets you know the only list I
keep is of movies I've watched like
every time I watch a movie I add it to
my list okay and I did I separate it by
year so I think I started in 2013 a year
of release or year I saw the movie oh
it's only 2013 I watched this then I
watch this and I just do that for the
whole year that's I know they have like
letterboxed is a website that's
basically it does that but fuck that
write it down I just haven't yeah I just
have a text document oh my god
I don't need to share what I've watched
with other people I don't care I just
like to go back through it and remember
like what I saw you don't want to
integrate social networks into your list
making right no I don't nobody needs
that no I did start using discogs for my
records but that was mainly just to fly
shop on there mostly because it's like
I'm looking for a particular stuff but
also kind of keep track of like do I
have the first pressing in this or that
which is not super important to me but
in terms of value Wow sure it's like
well I should know that it's this cons
it's it's in kind of thing but for
records oh it's just you know you can
add all the records you have and it's
it's nice it's not your a record and
that's fine no but it's not the kind of
thing that I needed like I I think I've
only rebar
thats a problem is Reba like a lot
apparently that happens to a lot of
people is just like they forget they
have something really I mean I got
overexcited and they spent an extra five
dollars on another copy of this Roland
Kirk record that I forgot that I got
from the radio station when I was sure
no fairly it happens people a lot more
than does to me yeah I guess if you have
a lot of stuff I can see it happening
that's true I never can find a
screwdriver what I mean once I just go
and buy another fucking screwdriver and
then when you're not looking for one you
find like eight of them 20 I have a
collection of 20 screwdrivers oh they're
all the exact same screwdriver
apparently I really like one brand
should you should offer that up as a
testimonial from your website I keep
forgetting there's screwdrivers are so
good I keep forgetting that I have
that'll be the next like extreme gift
giveaway is my excess screwdrivers
sure last time we gave my second DVDs I
got so many DVDs I want to get rid of
okay stuff I've either upgraded to
blu-ray or like presents that I don't
useful oh yeah we'll get out we'll get a
giveaway some of them are actually good
give me some good ones you can have a
random DVD simply reason actually on the
copy how did I give you my upgraded rock
and roll high school because my DVD
version was four by three letterbox
probably got the same features but it'll
put the laser disc of that one oh yeah I
think it's probably I was buying a
number of weird parallel universe movie
where Clint Howard is the coolest guy I
love it
have you heard aeroplanes Josh what I
don't know the questions are so weird I
have to save them okay I don't know it's
like it might be a reference to
something you don't understand yeah is
that a record is that a movie other are
you talking about the Nutri Motel album
in the airplane over the whatchamacallit
exactly what the Red Hot Chili Peppers
that's what that's a hole in my mind are
you talking about the Zucker Brothers
movies I've heard that oh I've heard it
and watched it at the same time that's I
try but it's hard if you're afraid to
listen to the commentary track for that
movie forever even though they get bored
and don't have anything to talk about
after like the first 30 minutes
oh so the rest of the thing is to stop
talking about how they have nothing to
talk about
Oh nein I I just wrap that we just put
up a commentary for Kentucky Fried movie
oh yeah oh I have that okay that's not
the DVD okay the other bit is more
interesting because there's John Wayne
as he can talk yeah that's the only
movie I think he's ever done a
commentary for it
because not one for American Werewolf
there's not one for Animal House it
might be the only one he's done the
commentary part you do the one for the
one who is a gorilla
oh la ocular I don't know Locke actually
I get shocked on BHS I don't think I've
watched it since the VHS since I schools
okay
Oh Jefferson Airplane fucking love
Jefferson Airplane no no no no no it's a
fantasy fella
Grace Slick oh look at grease caps caps
right on the back Oh straight on nice
maybe they didn't even know what hit him
they were ready have you uh have you
heard Josh the new Chemical Brothers
album I didn't even know there was a new
chemical others hope there's a new
chemical oh you don't need to worry
about it okay I don't even know they
said we're still our own they're usually
doing have you heard the new single oh
no the go-go Chemical Brothers go it's
fucking amazing yeah like amazing
Chemical Brothers amazing and the first
song on the record
equally as like okay these guys work
then the rest of the album is
masturbation like you like trying to
masturbation
the new Ratatat album that's kind of
like that too yeah or take the singles
fantastic it's just like this is great
this is so good and the rest of it was
just like oh you guys just made the same
album for the fifth time but the one
song totally you know it's a jam
sure sure so
it's always a shame but that's you know
a very good thing about the age of
digital music yeah this bicycle oneself
all for the hits plus filler that's
right on the game MVP which I know some
artists are opposed to that because they
view the album is like an experience
right where you're supposed to listen to
the whole yes but generally speaking
artists that care about that don't write
filler songs they write good albums yeah
you try you try the scarlet texts I love
The Velvet Underground very much I have
spent a lot of money on them because
they keep reissuing stuff and it's just
like oh we found this to other team like
okay that's like it's the four track the
original four track to the matrix in
1960 Mellon cut damn it but I do yeah I
do I do very much how you got mean I
still have to get all that stuff so yeah
well no beast well whatever you're doing
it's great it's great for my gamers
going yeah dude you're getting a lot of
like pretty far up shots and that was
really defendant it's awesome you're
online right now I am rich this is
Rich's first online multiplayer game in
25 years
Oh since before the internet since
before the end no I have not spent as
much money as Lou Reed spent on heroin
no no one could spend that much but
after a while a certain point yeah well
yeah I mean there's kind of an either
end thing I think where you had to spend
money on it yeah you gotta spend money
on heroin don't sing everyone knows that
I can only assume that's for you Josh
the rail what next sir when they say
something directly to us what's your
favorite bands I'd say at least to me Oh
God what are you listening to right now
what's your thing right the stuff that
I've been into right now I they reissued
my favorite Sonic Youth album on vinyl
okay evolve evo l there's a really nice
pressing of it that just came out last
week there's a cool band called little
big league they're almost called
tropical jinx and that's a cool kind of
like pop in the Popish record but it's
still kind of louder female like
aggressive bitch vocals dig it big
league of course a reference to the
famous movie yes naturally wait what was
that movie is a little big league the
one where he can pitch really faster
where he becomes the manager I always
get those two confused because there's
one where he breaks his arm when he can
pitch real fast yes and then there's one
where he becomes the baseball manager
what's the name of the other movie
I think the one where he becomes the
managers little big leaf okay don't know
what's the one that's more you can pitch
really fast their dress Rob right okay
and then he's really good at killing
himself
no jonathan brandis oh did he kill
himself yeah even okay oh thank you
aren't breaking any not gonna kill
myself but good thing at me I'm working
like a rookie Oh Thank You Chad alright
but your movies come out I'm like the
same day I feel like those thing
coexists they shot at me same time with
kids we need to have a baseball movie
with Kate it's gonna be baby one one
person shot their scene and then they'd
all have to feel them and the other
players came around they shot the exact
same saying it sounds good on me
filmmaking and the other stuff we've
been into has been like stuff I picked
up at the PRF barbecues or so it's a
bunch of bands that I know it feels kind
of like I don't want to like you know
just suck my friends fans dicks here we
are but if I got a dick and a face but
is so good like this has been called the
powder room from Athens Georgia they're
fantastic there's a band called hungry
man from Chicago they're super good but
the one that's really probably gotten
the most listens out of that there's
this another fantastic band from from
half of GA 12 motherfucker and it's just
it's just straight ahead like loud
powerful rock and roll and they're so
fucking good they're just like they're
amazing and I think that's that's an apt
of genre for a band named mother example
sure yeah it's just like it's like do
you like rock and roll
motherfuckin you should listen to
motherfucker wait is it motherfucker or
motherfucker motherfucker motherfucker
okay this is it and one word or two one
word okay straight ahead rock band
they're not gonna be called motherfucker
No and he called motherfuckers whose
motherfucker yeah I think there is out
motherfucker
no that's like that's like that's like
oh fuck
like silly motherfucker like all right
you know what all right oh and there are
their album is called
confetti which is actually a certain
title apparently the the original full
title was confetti confetti in your
fucking face all right but they thought
that was too vulgar for a band called
motherfucker
all right you know it's just simplifying
possibly many fuckers yeah yeah you
never have too many fuckers fuckers but
I will I will definitely drop that one
more time
motherfuckers the band name confetti is
the album they're on sickroom records
out of Chicago and I recommend them
highly very much that's apparently
lessons of life fun just listens to DMX
oh there that's a lot of fuckers X is
gonna give it to you yeah gonna give it
to you didn't he just filed for
bankruptcy
no that was pity that was fitter that's
right Finny
bankrupt poor fitty yes I'm powerful
raindrop I understand that motherfucker
difficult to Google that's why I was
giving out the album title and the label
trying yeah just Google motherfucker and
see what you get like no I think
everyone should just google motherfucker
just to make that into Google like so
sure make sure that sticks you know what
go ahead and click on image search you
got a you got a couple of goals on there
right you're in line by the bus Dean
cows and shit you can customize your
ride I like pretty got one yeah like you
like yeah we're gonna download this when
you get on it probably well yes oh nice
definitely see this seems like
everybody's it's fun it's fun to observe
say that great yeah so far I I'm halfway
through it and it's fantastic that's
great I'm sure it's only gonna get
better
is it on how on par is it with the movie
pretty on par yeah um so far it's more
ridiculous because everybody's it's
supposed to be what the beginning it's
the first day of camp but the movies
made fifteen years later so they're all
15 years older and they were too old to
play teenagers in the original movie
there's just the right amount of jokes
in the series that mention that no good
look where they don't overdo it it's
just occasionally it comes up nice and I
got it I accept all right all right
looks all right doesn't age no rich
gonna leave it to ya ain't no thing
we're gonna give it to you
look at the rainbow now blow up this so
festive I I have not gotten around to
wet hot American summer head that's a
show you know the mission of course I
know that we're gonna I love the movie
but because the day before what had
Americans ever came out I started
watching since 8:00 and I have since
become obsessed with finishing it and I
finished it last night see that would
completely even if I was I even watch
that show but even if I was into it it
would take a backseat to wet out
American summer that was like my top
priority of the day came out yeah and I
had work to do that day so I made a
point of waking up early I won't have it
like 5:00 a.m. and I just watched a
bunch of them I didn't get through all
of them but I got through most of them I
get very little inappropriate TV time oh
yes my house is filled with children now
oh sure
and so I only get an honor or so of
inappropriate TV time of day and it has
to be you know well budgeted yeah and I
will I will note that so far a lot of
inappropriateness yeah I think I would
have longer than the movie it's lots of
small children which is great
the one kid the bully kid they're right
here kid he's hilarious like his drapery
I think his character's name is drew
something like that yeah but yeah he
just says things so blunt and they like
the way he says it is hilarious
wheat follows like when they're there in
the cabin and they're playing ball which
consists of just throwing a ball in the
cabin and then they insult the one kid
the sensitive kid and then he runs away
then coop comes in he's like you
shouldn't do that he's like I like to
eat things like that it's like just it's
just so like simple yeah very enjoyed um
I'm looking forward I'm still looking
forward to it and now that sensei is
done it's only like 12 okay 13 they
should have been eight is that
yeah is it half-hour time you watched it
right this is one festive Jack this is a
value investor that should tell you how
good it is because time does not matter
when you watch okay so you have like an
hour huh you're like an hour of
inappropriate time yeah how many did you
watch it a time I don't know like two or
three in an hour this doesn't make any
can really watch it did you watch this
the first episode and then the rest of
it just got on your head like that maybe
maybe and if anyone is a Doctor Who fan
you should watch it because you get to
see Martha naked oh really you know
Martha I want to see that that depends
on when when she was young she with a
hottie oh yeah oh I know that's what she
looks like she looks that good now even
though she's like 80 she most recently
made a cameo in the end of Sandler film
pixels Oh
remember that thank you our episode okay
okay thank you Father for looking that
up for me
appreciate it I bother I'm not I never
do go back to what how Americans summer
I love oh yeah Lizabeth banks his
backstory yes I was very surprised at it
and very much enjoyed it you get some
nice nice
Paul Scheer action in there yeah good
way too good way to work in some some
some new faces that's the best thing
about the show is like the new regulars
like Jason Schwartzman what's-her-face
late bail like all the new people they
fit in like perfectly it's great yeah
they really do no one feels out of place
they're never ready for no no no you
know you're doing you're teaching them
lessons you you think they need it after
a while and well hopefully this is the
first thing people learn is Oh watch out
right away yeah
oh uh 13th libras what is playing with
you and is in the sea whose team is he
on I think Gordon he's a good guy okay
guys you're playing he's with you good
that's awesome um yeah they've always
seen the Kristen Wiig and one scene so
far because I'm only halfway through
yeah she's done it in a whole lot of
what that scene misil
she's young fantastic Josh Charles great
now yeah he's he's really good oh man
yes yeah they so they did a really good
job of just integrating like blow you
know blowing the story up yeah spreading
it out so it's it's and because it's on
Netflix it's just there for you brother
I know it's great yeah it's not quite as
dense with jokes as the movie but I
think it's because it's four hours of
materials oh the two things the Scarlett
sex put out at David Haig juice his
backstory is oh yeah that was also he's
barely an eddy but he's in a cold open
yes not only is it funny but it's a
really well executed scene it was
sequence yeah so yeah Gary Kenny's in
that scene too yeah she is
she was in a more great the funny thing
is the somebody was asking a Craig
legend who did the score oh I saw that I
stymied everybody's cake like yeah
tweeting about Carrie Kenny's band cake
like okay now's the time cake like Randy
it gets to the free members of cake like
are in without American summer yeah
what's cake like it's very Vinnie's band
who's Carrie Kimmy here's on the state
from the states and and she's in
Americans
he's no 9-1-1 she's well she's the tall
one yep are you the blonde one no she's
at all okay she's the girl from the
state yeah she's the one girl you don't
you didn't really watch nice header 1300
yeah and then the nurse in wet hot
American summer is Nina helmet and she's
also in oh yeah take like really good
bed they were on yeah thank them they
were hunting up eventually on Neil
Young's label
oddly enough what kind of music do rock
yeah it's kind of a catch-all straight
up it pretty straight up straight I need
rock a little noisy chair earlier on
they were very noisy their first album
is actually on John Zorn yeah but that
one's like full of really short songs
with kind of like childish vocals and
noisy guitars alright you're sort of
melding and then as they went on they
started writing more traditional songs
kind of stuff really good really good
it's trying to become maybe the man now
sure come axion I think back on the
Highlander movie positively only because
of sword fighting 's and I haven't seen
it in maybe twenty years
I love the premise but I've tried
watching the movie a few times
yeah and it's always like the opening
credits start and it's like boxing and
queen and I'm like yes and you're like
yes give me more I don't know there's
some movie I've never been able to get
into I think the concepts really cool I
just think the movie is so like corny in
a bad way yeah the only the only thing I
know about Highlander is that they used
to show law commercials for the
Highlander TV show during Mystery
Science Theater because I it was always
the one they would show right before
they come back to the show so I'd see
what's-his-face of like lightning in
this in his mouth okay play no regularly
watch I've never seen it I've seen the
fourth eyeliner movie though which is
where Christopher Lambert
teams up with the guy from the TV
I saw that once I don't remember
anything about it I saw the third movie
too the third Highlander with Mario Van
Peebles as the bad guy
oh and he's like horribly over the top
so tomorrow yeah yeah remember anything
about that either I never saw a
Highlander - that's the famously
terrible one right that's the one where
they decide to take like pretty much all
of the Lord they made up in Highlander
one just throwing garbage
well there's multiple edits of its
aliens was that an Connery came back for
no reason yes there was a radioactive
shield around the earth to keep the
ozone layer going you got it all great
it was great boys I think you mean we
have a version of eyeliner - I don't
know which one we have it's like Blade
Runner where there's multiple edits oh
where it's every time they try and recut
it to make it make more sense it just
doesn't work
yeah I think we have all the Highliner
sequels but we don't have the first one
no somehow we ended up with all the
Seekers here yeah in case I ever get
real excited about watching the
hellenistic Will's yeah go sounds like a
Sunday project that's something you do
on a Sunday I'll just watch the
Highlander movies watch other sequels go
for a walk in the park
drink slowly and think about life
what have you got we're doing nothing or
that still might be better take your nap
then walk down the aisle like a series
of naps biggest I think that's just
called sleeping that's called a coma
no okay nice somersault yeah good
that's what everybody's confusing
everybody
just like Highlander - oh that we're
circles
it does it does actually remind me of
yeah the other thing about motherfucker
they have a they have an eat babe in
command yes yes their previously before
the the album had an EP called Taekwondo
and the last song is entirely the lyrics
are entirely dialogue from Miami
connection oh great like the beard like
the weirdest thing so like the there's
about two minutes where it's just use
repeating the same line over and over
again which is from a computer class
that the girl the girl Miami commander
oh this is such a good circle
wait Miami connection yeah Miami
connection what part of the movies like
when she's at college they're all in
college yeah nobody's glass and then the
tall guy comes oh yeah oh yeah I can
face the matter
that's right that's the first the
beginning yeah yeah the teacher says to
somebody this is such a good circle is
it like them singing these words or
examines them singing words okay and
it's just the lyrics are just made up
it's just like you know I'm not so it's
really it was just like oh I need to
re-watch Miami connection yeah I've only
seen it once
hey hey 13 that was a nice assist there
yes come come here boys and nice yeah
all right let's take em over here and
thank some subscribers spooky Dookie
which is one of the kids one of my
favorite names thank you let's see here
riot crew yeah
leftover beefcake who made this
wonderful chat subscriber application
thank you again
humberto Cabbage Patch
Justin Holman sonic poon smelter wedge
in all of us doctor
Talos Lucky Strikes
Genghis Borgnine um
kool-aid man look at that box yes great
salad baked crocodile brain hometown
markup Oh Mary Mix oz Mike gay for J and
Walt Tizen beard thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it I got through
this know one of you just now you're
supposed to say it's true we really do
oh it's and and once again gay for J J's
out of the room when I thanked your
subscriber name I know you only recent
crime so I would say that in front of
day and you are foiled again good J has
left the room it's true he's gone he's
not in the room he didn't hear it shut
out oh yeah do I do the different
chassés handle different with different
bodies bigger ones are easier to block
sure or hit with well that makes sense
hmmm how I switched up if I have to exit
the main menu and then might add some
options you know go to like change your
car
oh hey J welcome back yeah oh and he's
gone again he's back and I read my
letter I am not being I'm not being a
troll that subscriber is being a troll
and I am yeah i acting appropriately
I am trolling a troll which is very
appropriate oh I missed the trolling
neutral you missed the trolling of a
troll oh oh oh my god I'm um I'm like a
turtle help me Oh Oh help me where's the
ball at oh damn it
you gotta jump well if I jumped I
would've hit it in I had to get in front
of it you were in front of you no I
wasn't in front of it I was under it and
a little bit behind it alright I know
John kilo he's a normal chatter it's
just what freaky fanfiction freaky
friend friction fiction freaky friend
fiction yeah it's above the burgers
thing okay that's erotic friend fiction
nope
it's freaky it's getting weird I mean
that's what friction are fiction fiction
fiction okay how's that erotic friction
freaky friend friction is aroused yeah
sick of writing erotic like zombie
fiction so she just said she's gonna
write erotic fiction about broom oh wait
you're actually talking about the show
yes oh I thought you were making a joke
about whether in fact friction oh I've
seen like one episode of Bob's Burgers
oh it was funny notice haven't launched
anymore
Oh bad bitch
bad bad it's fine should have been sped
man it's alright it's alright a flying
bison ponies was that that was for the
there was the Fantastic Four episode
right that was for super toaster but
that's the same of Soviet Fantastic Four
yeah supposed to know is it ever coming
out it's supposed to come out this I
think it was supposed to come out last
year no I think it's supposed to come
out this year sometime some other
articles popping up yeah well there's a
now there's a renewed interest because
of the new movie which is also supposed
to be a train wreck
yeah when when the entire cast comes out
publicly saying we haven't even seen it
oh yeah what's out in like two days
oh they're not screening it for critics
and even the cast has said like they're
not showing it to us yeah we can't help
you out there's rumors that they reshot
like half the movie just a couple months
ago the director is supposedly like a
horrible asshole
Josh tanker tranq he directed chronicle
Oh boobie I like that movie what oh damn
it
thirteen you knocked me you knocked me
out of my gourd there but he was real I
was the director no wine one of the solo
Star Wars movies that are the rival be
fired and he he's supposedly left over I
don't know if it was scheduling her
creative differences there someone cool
that but basically yeah because he was
such a monster on Fantastic Four that's
the theory is though you wanted anything
to do with them don't be a dick and be a
dick in look you're in a position where
you're making big movies don't be a dick
about it
seriously you should be grateful you
made a little phone footage movie that
turned out to be pretty good yeah you
should be grateful that someone wants to
hire you to make Fantastic Four you know
maybe maybe follow the Sam Raimi levy
put a fucking suit on yes and I'm not
going that far you don't need to go to
see that just how about this
you'd be nice to people right yeah don't
trash your hotel room
don't just say think about the Sam
Raimi's thing I don't want to take that
away from say ladies it's because it was
all for kids Croxton yeah
oh okay that's why he doesn't oh so I
think that's dope then that's Alfie's
thing and you leave that alone don't Sam
Raimi just a cup suit I'm telling Sam
he's got from telling nothing your
father mirle sam raimi he needs to take
off the suit whoever was the first
person to wear a suit while directing
movie is the only person he wasn't so
much directing as told them what the
point the camera and he was the director
that's what was directed at that that's
directing so after Thomas Edison no this
is why movie sucks so much now yeah lack
of suits your Thomas is everybody
ripping off Thomas Edison oh well that's
true kiss Thomas hasn't sucked
according to Tiberius Kirk rumour has
that he liked had ridiculous
requirements for filming fantastic for
renting a house in Louisiana trash trash
yeah dogs oh yeah that's that's a
terrible way that that kind of makes him
a dickhead if it's true it's alleged but
allegedly a dickhead I don't know what
kind of actually got the grinds Tiberius
Kirk yep why you spreading false rumors
but inside here's oh hey there's Colin
Colin is saying apparently he smoked a
lot of weed on set - well you know I
shouldn't do that when you're working
maybe but hey it works for Kevin Smith
doesn't it I don't know have you seen
his recent move nope
well there you go although I like tusk
I've admitted to like he does
I've even know like if someone were to
say that was the worst movie I've ever
seen I would say okay I can see that
understand I would understand completely
but I thought it interesting because
I've never seen an Ellen Smith people
it's because you've never seen
