Episode 186
Rocket League - WooHoo (Part 2)
August 23, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5N3fc9dELU
___________________________________________

because it supports moob the worst movie
ever is not it can't be that interesting
it can't be as interesting as things
yeah exactly that's why the worst movie
ever is an Alan Smithee film burn
Hollywood burn I'll stand by that I find
that no matter what
this is just the right amount of
ridiculous as an in unison so close oh
I'm sorry you're right miss Lee with
some no no Jack got credit for it okay I
guess the bounce oh yeah then there's
the assists there oh no it didn't even
know well good job the item it's almost
too ambitious okay it's trained for
something they lose is worse than the
item ooh
I would rather rewatch the items and
things I really I would well then again
I like things as I say I would rather
watch I think I'm oh yeah the items down
there yeah it was pretty for seconds we
can make a comeback oh my god you can do
it you can do it just keeps oh you got
this they don't they don't got nothing
on new year the way all the way over
legs you gotta let that middle person go
hmm the tomb was closer
oh the tube made me feel bad I didn't
see the tomb that was that was one that
you know on the two made me feel bad
yeah see not only did I not see the tomb
but the way the episode was edited I
didn't really understand why it was so
bad
Oh like I think it's one of those ones
or if you're not watching it you don't
you you have to have that experience if
you don't want to take the time to watch
it that's what I gathered from the
episode yeah Cowan has worked with the
director and star of the item yes what
I've talked about that I'm so sorry
Colin oh I'm so sorry
oh my god you poor poor me yeah I talked
about him once he really is full of
himself
yeah yeah
yeah you could go so our our assumptions
were correct oh it's so blatant when you
watch that I got steamrolled Wow
things like things in the enema right
there for me things is so much more
interesting though to try and figure out
with the item you know exactly what that
guy like where he's coming from
nothing about things makes any sense
forever like what who would make this
that's true nothing about things make
sense yeah which is why it's better
that's that's a hundred times more
fascinating to me than yes but it's just
so incompetent yeah yeah it's amazing
that exists like I get how the item
exists I get how the tomb exists sure
things is alien things is a hundred
monkeys at a hundred tank right yes ooh
Exim is Exim the wall accent was really
bad Exim is one yeah we've never done
that on the show or anything but with
accent is that you can't understand the
dialogue in 95 percent of the movie yeah
it's so badly reported it's just a
muffle muffle muffle muffle muffle oh
shit and then somebody gets chopped with
an axe I remember because yeah it was
the year that I couldn't do DFS so I
tried to be fast at home we had the
projector and everything was the Eisen
and everybody was coming over and then
when action came on everybody left leg
either left the room or left and that's
people that are there to watch back I of
I saw you I that up yeah oh boy oh boy
nobody actually gets axed in Axum um is
that true no I don't did someone die by
axe I believe so I don't know I don't
remember much about that movie I
remember there's one part when they do
the close-up with a guy with the glasses
yeah and the glasses go like blue hmm I
remember that I'm gonna say it's a
problem-free movie if you have them do
we call backs I mean we cannot remember
if anyone died by axe yeah well this has
been a few years now still and I've
tried to block that movie from my
brother you know the answer should be
yes of course should be yeah like not
even a question right like all the crazy
axe doesn't happen that's true like it
was like no thank you here's the thing
I've never seen the movie machete oh he
does use a machete I can only assume he
uses a machete and I would assume that
in the sequel machete kills he killed
somebody
or he kills somebody with just himself
because he isn't a yes he's awesome
that's true his name is machete both
things I would assume both fit yep mr.
glitch says oh I'm sorry mr. collection
movement ignoring you we need to see
melanda freaks what freaks title sounds
familiar it sounds like I maybe have
seen like oh no I'm thinking of blood no
there's a movie called blood no oh god
I've been visualizing the cover from the
video star that about which at least one
gnome there may be multiple gnomes blood
sucking freaks the Troma movie I've seen
some of blood sucking freaks I've not
seen the whole movie I saw enough to
know that it wasn't for me right that's
a good question one freaks Bert versus
blood sucking freaks these are the
things we need to know it's tough
Pro Jesus anti-drug killer turkey
monster movie that does sound familiar
but I don't like freaks that's blood
freaks
I know yes I've read a little bit about
that but I've not seen that killer
turkey monster yeah this sounds familiar
yeah but no haven't seen it well there's
also ThanksKilling which is about a
killer turkey rights like the worst
thing ever that might be the worst movie
just back from Vietnam Hershel Steve
Hawks is at loose ends until one day he
stops to help beautiful Bible quoting
angel fix her car she takes him home
where hers it must be scapegoat
scapegrace sister and immediately Pyles
was what Pleasant thank you plies him
with drugs in order to seduce him
instantly addicted he needs money for
his habit and takes a job at a turkey
farm where he's instructed to eat some
experimental lab grown turkey he does
and undergoes a hideous transformation
that that sounds great like that's
promising
thank you just this guy you know for for
copy pasting that synopsis for us no
that sounds does that car have a fez on
it on its car head look at the car too
britches well he's over there I think it
does there's a car with a fez on oh okay
it's very exciting
is it the Steely Dan car it's that one
that just flew by see for two seconds I
want to know how to put a fez on the car
go ahead oh yeah
oh it's like a stranded thing yeah
10 seconds straight down the middle
straight down the middle straight down
the middle scrotum with dlc Fez $4.99
Thank You crocodile brain you know how
video games work
oh I'm rich you can do this you can do
this know this serious cause you're
fuckin fuckin yeah I saw I saw that
question a little bit ago worse movie
Batman and Robin yes Batman Robin Robin
is one with mr. free that's Batman or
Robin okay yeah yes that alone is almost
enough to say that it's worse I've
actually often said that Batman or Robin
is the worst movie ever made when you
factor it like it's not there are more
incompetent movies but when you factor
in like the budget like that man that
attack of the clones
I think Damon Robins worse famine Robin
is like watching money burn on screen
it's such a gigantic fuck you to anyone
that wants to get any sort of
investments in a movie you know the
traveling oh one of these starts as a
goalie know one of them was just 13 just
sitting there man I just went into the
buzzes a tall man 13 you know the drill
come on man so now Rick you're back
there wait yeah hang back and see if
they do it okay because so do you start
at a new position every time is a random
or seems random
okay or do you just go like oh ABCD
yeah Batman and Robin is yeah and it's
like it's over two hours long - is it
yeah so many villains Batgirl is there
oh yeah and it's Alicia Silverstone
she's like the worst actress yep
there's no point her being there and
it's terrible yeah
once all the things she disappears for
large chunks of the movie and then she
shows up again and you're like oh that's
right she's in this Alfred yes American
news yes fine okay uncle Alfred that's
how she says his name every time uncle
Alfred Oh big in 1984 Madonna I think
who's that girl I was thinking Jeff
Goldblum is Jeff Goldblum in a movie
with Madonna
oh no okay or you don't know why I'm
Jeff Goldblum and Cyndi Lauper vibes
yeah maybe that's art you know I know
that just because we're gonna the VHS
copy today we always have you ever seen
that
no okay I was wondering if it's worth
watching I've never lived with it exists
I didn't know it exists until someone
sent it to us
fun fact about Jeff Goldblum and Madonna
I keep directed her first news appeal
why would you do that why would I make
up stuff yeah whatever oh yeah he's in
the first the first ones he yeah yeah
he's a pug and then Alex winter is a
thug and the third one felons right I'd
let you sound like a fact that that is
true though no Jeff go boom directed
Madonna's first music video no no
there's no reason for that to be true he
was
it's still movies he's directing music
videos but we gonna started as a
director in transition the actor is the
opposite of what anybody ever does kind
of makes it seem so out there but nobody
would make that up because nobody
believed it was like 81 video was
everybody Joey sure probably its Joey
it's Joey a Backstreet Boy I don't know
but back back
Oh Steve Buscemi's it vibes
oh stop giving me reasons to watch vibe
oh you got a lot of reason we have a
copy of it that's a perfectly good
reason no not always
we got copies of a lot of stuff well
what's going by the old mountain here
credo
speaking of because it's there hmm have
you heard the band slashed the album
public broadcasting race for space no no
there's a band this exists or is this
another joke another filthy lie never no
no it's a real band called public
broadcasting and they have an album
called the race oh damn it and it's like
rock some rock music some like ambient
music and the vocals are collections of
like NASA sound bits Oh
JFK's like speech I like to promote NASA
okay it's awesome
leave it's super awesome it's a really
great album to come on NATO shuffle
sure just because it's fun music and
then like little bits of like NASA
talking about like Apollo 11 and stuff
like posters go that's cool that's a
rapid Eno it would very much be into in
something that everyone should be in -
yes
that's all I know that's the lesson no
number oh thank you your nerves hurt her
public broadcast system with broadcast
system race the space yes that was
totally going in Oh totally going in do
you need more new key
oh that's I'm glad you brought that out
we haven't mentioned this in a while
we just need a couple more yeah and then
we'll have enough just yeah yeah then we
then yeah we we tallied up the new key
shelf a couple days ago and we are like
what do you think I think we're at like
two or two or three more and then we'll
be good is who were three more and we
will be we will be good to go
we'll just the neck the next day we'll
get started on it yes the project's Yeah
right we're ready to go
we need those couple mark Hayley to live
a couple brief a brief chuckle I handle
myself and breathe Chuck oh I did not
like it it was good bro
see this together you gotta you gotta
give me accent you know the bro thing
didn't bother me that much you know some
of the stories in it like there was one
I don't know if you've gotten there yet
there was one story about there's one
really really fun story about him having
to pay for committing a crime no okay I
won't say anymore that was a really fun
story you don't mean the one with the
auctioneer yes the one would be okay so
yeah yeah it's like it's not you know
hey because he came in for the other
yeah yeah yeah that one is really well
that's a really fun I like the way that
was the way that was constructed with
the switcheroos and then who's who yes
no one's gonna read ha no one's gonna
really hot guy book here but maybe in
the chat but something let them know you
know we're going to stand alone Hawkeye
boy kami
because nobody likes no he's everybody's
least favorite Avenger oh it does okay
Oh what what some music joke anybody
who's a music person this is time we
have nothing just to do what yeah
what happened any of those Zappa's
they're still rough weird names which
one what Dweezil was that one yeah
weasels the oldest ok I see it like an
MTV Veejay for a while off of MTV he
enjoyed a game show I don't remember
that sounds vaguely familiar but he's he
tours a bunch playing playing Frank to
music with it like an all-star band kind
of thing ok that's what he does mostly
these days rounds we need it to the WTF
with Marc Maron a couple years ago and
then they dated for a while all right
Marc Maron yeah oh ok
no okay apparent according to the chat
he was divorced when he started to buy
okay I had that in my head too for some
reason I've only listened to handful of
episodes maybe it's just because you're
talking on there it's a lot of me he did
not you know we were like he was talking
about it in the past tense but you know
was not clear that uh
don't fart again Oh Jack do you have a
favorite stand-up comic
no George Carlin George Carlin like my
current favorite is Vaughn punches
Ron Funches yeah he's really that is
he's really good he's on I discovered
him does he ever say I put the fun and
fun jizz you might I don't know I
haven't heard him say that okay but I
discovered him watching
I was watching @midnight and he's he's
very very funny I'm waiting for him to
do like an album or something cuz I
don't think he has yet he's still coming
up okay so he's pretty pretty unknown
yes point he does a lot of podcasts okay
that's what they all do now oh no that's
something I'm excited about what very
for asked if there any bloom County fans
oh yeah I'm so excited
bloom County is Samak a comic strip from
the 80s and 90s which then became
Outland which then became opus you know
opus the penguin no really if you saw a
picture of him you'd know oh wait I
think I know yeah yeah I don't know it
by name you'd recognize it I was in the
comics I'm in for a wild brick Breathitt
was doing kids books
he drew he made a book called Mars Needs
Moms that Disney made into a terrible
movie and then just recently he's I
realize that was based on anything he
did yep okay he's not but then he has
brought back bloom County and it's a
perfect time for it because bloom county
is basically it's it's couched in this
sort of you know somewhat more
traditional comic narrative but it's all
about questioning authority and talking
about people in power and that was a
good time for all that unless you've got
to work technology into it like one of
those current plot device their plot
lines is a Steve Dallas made a video of
his genitals for his girlfriend but it
moved sure
and instead of sending it to her
actually accidentally got posted take
y'all to Twitter on my viral it's really
good and I'm just I miss the new comic
online somewhere the only place to see
it is on his Facebook okay he just puts
it up there I don't think you need I
mean obviously he's not worried about
like syndicating and reporting in Rogers
or anything like that because the whole
point is he wants to do what he wants to
do yeah that's always that's been its
point for 20 years or something I don't
know if they're gonna be on a website
somewhere or not but just go you know
Facebook they're all their friend him
there's a link in the chat cupboard
Facebook it's good stuff friend him
don't think you can friend to me can
following his friend him was a business
friend and fun to like this I don't I
don't a whole lot either which is weird
because I've always I mean I like mister
show bundage yeah but I like to stand up
a lot when I was younger I haven't
listened to in a while I have a feeling
if I listen to it now I would get more
annoyed than anything he comes across
very white very aggressive yeah yeah
there's one really good story of his
that I liked which is the story of him
yeah that's that one holds up yeah but
other than that yeah never really gone
back to it I mean I love them as an
actor oh yeah yeah mr. show is it's very
funny I've never I've never laughed at
mr. show and never but every single time
I want to really show sketch I admit
that it is a very funny no no no I
always enjoyed you you understand why
it's funny I understand this is a well
how all right mr. Joe's coming back yeah
yeah apparently some sort of project
with all those yeah all those people
and there have been sneaky sneak preview
pictures of the writing room there's a
big face hey thanks couple with a quick
you know
do-do-do-do more absurdist I do go a
little more like any David Wain stuff
usually didn't you say you didn't like
they came together I don't know it's the
most fucking hysterical movie in the
last five years
I think it's on Netflix now oh my god
it's so funny good
no but like any of those old Stella
shorts fucking love that help man the
Stella actually the Stella TV series -
yeah you know whatever that holds I
never watched The Comedy Central one oh
it's great I have the DVDs a feel on a
bargain I do and it's great but they
came together just didn't see that
doesn't make any it's the same type of
humor I don't understand why that
wouldn't work because art is fluttery
maybe I was just in a bad mood I loved
everyone involved and they came together
yeah and I was so down with the premise
what is it dude oh man that's so funny I
just didn t echo Michael
alright let's change the seems like
questioning here jack jazz jackrabbit
asks is a hot dog is English no it's a
hot dog that's a very important it's a
sausage what is that is it what constant
here's why it is not a sandwich okay
because in general the bun is one unit
as we know in a bun like we know because
the bun is one unit of bread yeah that
is not a sandwich that's my definitive
answer stand with you on that um at one
of the special garden very recently was
basically just a taquito
great sausage place in Milwaukee yeah if
you're in or near Milwaukee at any given
time go to the vanguard
it is they specialize in sausages yes
I missed I missed oh that
this episode brought to you by the
Vanguard it's not really but maybe
they'll give us free sausages it
the other thing the other thing we love
with the Vanguard is wrestling as well
oh yeah that's the two things are
sausages and wrestling so they like did
they have a sausage Sam I know what I
was what I was going to say was there
they had a taquito which had a hot dog
in the middle so if you can remove the
hot dog that much from the context in
the sandwich yeah yeah yeah I'd say just
masala gets a hot dog yeah right same is
a jeep a car no it's a Jeep but did you
visit car
no but it's not a jeep is it's an
automobile but that's different a car is
a car obviously that feels like that
that question feels like there's a hot
dogger sausage okay yeah you're right I
take that back oh well definitions of
hotdogs one is just these sausage hot
dog and two is a hot dog in a hot dog
bun
yeah you just call that that's one unit
yeah but it's it's it's it's almost like
it's referring to that is one Dweezil
it's though it's referring to this kind
of a serving suggestion there leave me
the province of recession because if you
really go give me some hot dogs at the
grocery store someone's gonna come back
with an eight pack of hot dogs sure and
hopefully they remember device that's
context sensitive yeah so when a
sandwich is always a sandwich right a
sandwich was always give you if you say
go to the store and get me a sandwich
they're not gonna come back with like a
bag of roast beef right there are gonna
come back with a sandwich is that or all
be making scores or all the makings were
saying yes that's very speaking of hot
dog so technically speaking a hamburger
is a sandwich yes burger sandwich
something I love doing when at a cookout
he's taking your hamburger cutting up a
hot dog putting it on top of the
hamburger
two buns or a sausage obviously if
there's a broad abroad
on top of the hamburger anything like
that it's the greatest I just feel like
that kind of mixture is dangerous and
you think that until you eat it and then
it will change your world forever
even my live in the band that came up
with the damn witch and what is the damn
way the damage was the same once it was
made entirely of condiments the bugs you
know the condiments like an existential
sins like just like things you could put
on top of a burger okay
eXistenZ wig on like a fried egg then it
would good okay
we got we're gonna tell that could be
weird is great what do you have oh yeah
that'll kill ya
any and I remember my first fried egg on
top of a hamburger I remember it vividly
yeah right right like a gooey
drippy fried egg doesn't seem like it
would be appealing but it's real good
there's a place called Kuma's dam
Chicago oh yeah which is never been
there it's pretty good that's all it's
all burgers and the indexer heavy metal
bands but it's all like these crazy
burgers like I'll put those searches for
stuff in there but one time I was there
and I was very hungover I was feeling
very unfortunate and we were big tore
healing area so I think we had to get a
drive to Indiana I think okay but we
went into comas and the special was the
axe handle which was a pile of waffle
fries and the burger fried egg and I
polished that thing off and I felt
amazing
that's like okay let's try what's the
key Rome it was great
oh it was just perfect because it was
just there was a lick not a ton of
grease but low grease in with you know
like just because of the fries and
burger champ not a lot just a little bit
just enough to kind of work this gossip
so good there probably aren't only five
people in the world now there might be
only five people playing this on
PlayStation we are playing this on the
ps4 oh this game is pretty popular on
steam at the moment sorry coalition
there's a lot more users playing that
it's though it's free to PS Plus members
there's probably a bigger user base on
PC as many people want us to play this I
gotta imagine this more you'd think so
but well they're probably all PC users
yeah because of Rich's back we're not
bringing in Rich's PC at the moment
because then you would have to lift it
and we're trying to make him not lift
things
so we're gonna be very console heavy for
the next few weeks
oh god damn bounce that bouncing ball oh
stop sucking gravity thirteen you're in
there
cares are for player than a I fucking oh
they're saying Steam and ps4 use the
same servers really that's fantastic
that's true Wow you fuckers
apparently the ps4 version broke the
PlayStation Network as it was so popular
that's great shit this this seems like
an amazing fun time I look forward to
playing it oh and being asked if I watch
NXT which is the kind of the the Tribble
a version of WWF or ee w e wrestling
it's like the the farm league kind of
looks like the the new kids are kind of
working our way up sure you know so I
don't I didn't understand the sports
records oh oh no I D
triple-a thing I was a baseball baseball
faces ball so it's a farm League
wrestling kind of yeah I mean like like
they actually do like we'll call up the
best before people into the regular yeah
WWE and it's fantastic it's basically a
full of young people that wrestle like
really wrestle but don't you know it's
full of real actual skill and there's a
lot of really cool people on there I
don't watch it regularly but I have seen
some pay-per-views and I know some of
the characters they did just recently
they kind of did a big call up the divas
league which is the ladies wrestling
I've been hearing I mean it's been
terrible forever sale
oh thanks to you it's just they didn't
know what to do and they just you know
they didn't want you know it's all just
like you know women nice teamwork women
dressed in skimpy clothes no a foxy
boxing go basically yeah
but the NXT setup has been like they've
got bunch of women that are fantastic
wrestling really skilled and there's
kind of been all right damn I try I jump
luckily no one of you sir oh that would
know that was that was easy users on
goalie but so they just called up three
of the best medic CD thes and they just
basically kick the shit out of all the
current maybe the vidi this and it's
been great so far
super good so it's just like okay
finally Vince McMahon is basically
getting pushed out of the picture
he'll involved yeah how's Vince McMahon
pretty old but basically like Stephanie
his daughter is in charge along with
Triple H okay and they're the ones
they're kind of pushing for better
female wrestlers more interesting actual
workers y'all know Vince just likes buff
dudes exactly now exactly know it's
absolutely fucking true and so that's
been really cool I've been appreciating
that Kevin Owens is another guy that's
been coming up and it's been getting a
really big push and he's been like he's
worked in indie stuff for fifteen years
and he's finally like you know in the
big program yes and he's doing really
he's getting he's got some really good
matches he's has a really good matches
with John Cena which is has been sort of
rare in the past because John Cena
hasn't really been like he doesn't work
a lot like he doesn't do long sort of
sort of matches that involve a lot of
skill okay
and Kevin Owens pops up and then all of
a sudden they're do an hour-long match
my favorite people like it's really good
stuff so that's very cool that's that's
was your press one quarter rep deluxe
asks a really important question which
is how can the commentary track for this
game have nothing to do with the game in
a room that rambles and then said ship
it welcome to the stream this must be
your first this is kind of what we do we
just jib around about stuff while we
play games sometimes we're talking about
the game but you know what it's a game
we have a rocket-powered car you how can
you get the game which kind of makes it
a great oh fuck same well does anybody
else one play
no maybe you really drum now off
oh no you've not well no then I guess
I'll take over okay yeah okay hang it
over oh my god how do you things you
don't ass do in a game because jump
circles your rocket let's go always our
- oh uh and there's the last ten years
Vince is turning 17 this year okay
alright jack is no playing it's gonna
take me a little bit here we also say
rest in peace absolutely there's an
article on grant land about him that is
really fantastic and really kind of
heartbreaking because I'm talking about
they started off with infinite talking
about like some little like you know
they start up in there early and they're
talking about the legacy of wrestling
and he was on real sports with Frank I'm
willing it's like 2003 okay he's talking
about come with the set up is with the
pension in WWE else and it kicks in we
can turn 65 and he said let's face it
I'm not getting 65 ah shit didn't ya 61
60 1 but yeah I mean it's it's it's a
rough game but he was fantastic and that
article is really good cuz it really
kind of points out his role both in
wrestling and acting and just have who
he was not as long as I give him a
little credit for his acting oh and I I
watched they live the other night very
fast away and I was like man everyone
cuz everyone did that was like more
people watched it that night than
watched it when it was in theaters
nobody watch I would have if I hadn't
cuz I've seen they live so many times
what did you think
first time I've seen since it was kid oh
really
yeah I I watch it every I might watch
that movie once a year actually as an
adult I find it a little bit working
really I guess I gotta understand that
it's it's very like you have to keep in
mind that it's low-budget
ich verstehe yeah and Len so the the the
scale of it is pretty small like the
idea that he knocks out one satellite on
the top of one building in LA and that
magically appear at the satellite place
- yeah it just happens okay they're just
conveniently yeah it's like yeah they're
underground he's seen their facility
then it turns out that they just so
happened to also be at the UH the
station right yeah I'm okay with all
that just because I like the concept so
much and I like I think Roddy Piper in a
lot
here's your here's what I think happened
with the movie and why I think I have
problems with it they had it they had it
like the idea the only real idea was
that like ten minutes for he puts the
glasses on that's the best certainly he
sees the world the way it really is
yeah yeah that was the only real good
idea there's a lot of filler around that
one see see I don't even think I'd call
it filler like I love the opening like
15-20 minutes of that movie before he
gets the glasses is so more than 15
minutes how it's a long time I'm sure a
lot of people would say it's slow but I
love it like I think it's great just
like hey Jack to see just seen him like
wandering around the city and trying to
get a job and getting to know the
environment like and that's why I like a
lot of people thing to skate from New
York's boring too but that's what I like
is the exploring the world stuff yes but
it's both good character but again
giving you sort of good feel of what the
situation is yeah just yeah you know
overall with characters but yeah I mean
I can I can i I see kind of both sides
what we're talking about here and I can
definitely agree that that's like oh you
get I understand a lot of the movies
phones but to me they can get robbed
Shire yeah like the eye on the opposing
team I'll take it
listen I did download the John Carpenter
episode of podcast oh yeah I know send
that up like a year ago
I just unrelated I just happened to come
across it it's good the fight see the
famous Miller at all that's not a filler
dollar that's gratuitous the best
possible right yes that's not filler
that is that is that's meant to be that
way
that is John Carpenter saying I want to
see you two guys beat the shit out of
each other for as long as possible
everybody goes like filler oh it's great
you're just not looking at the same way
I did this start with somebody actually
taking some orders you see cars
I'm trying yes oh I hope so that would
be great no apparently this is a sequel
to a game that nobody played Wow
oh but this one's hugely popular this
one's hugely popular we just weren't
ready for it apparently the first one
was called like rocket-powered
radio-controlled cars play soccer again
smart babies yeah Marvin's intelligent
doubtless of course equal to my babies
too it's yours
it's my babies the next movie yeah I
think I think they live is a great short
film hmm I can see that I like the whole
thing yeah I mean you know obviously
that's the central concede and that's
the you know that's that's all the plot
there it is yeah sure yeah I can give
you that they don't really know how to
resolve a be resolved it's kind of like
the Iron Man problem I don't always have
from not saying I hate big trouble no
China yeah when I was a kid I was a
little bit too young for us and white
white why was the Kurt Russell why
didn't he get to be the big yeah
where's he on the floor for half that
and fight yeah I didn't see it when I
was little some
I never saw it oh I didn't even know I
know it was on cable all the time but I
never saw it so I am I didn't see it
until I was in like my 20s I still like
the movie but I didn't get that until I
saw oh sure oh he spends the whole movie
asking what the hell was going on
recently I rewatched for the first time
in many many years Johnny dangerously it
holds up oh yeah it's too Mun girly Jack
fun and stinky baggage I really I really
was in love with Michael Keaton's
performance kosher it's so good and
there's this weird thing where he's uh
he's in jail and then he gets the word
on the street that they're gonna kill
his brother so he's got to get out of
jail spoilers for Johnny dangerously
fucking 30 years old okay 25 comedy yeah
but there's this really weird thing
where like he's got to get the guys
there's like hey God
come here this foods Rodney this is
weird like the motion with his arm yeah
this is weird jerky thing is just like
it grabs me so far the fuck is that I
rewound it a couple times yeah I have
three it is okay
oh just recently I got back I don't man
I don't remember the last time I saw
that movie it's really I don't even know
if I've ever seen it straight through it
was on cable all that's all growing up
sorry seeing pieces like basic cable
like HBO okay yeah it's like just like
you've had you have seen all that like
all the Danny DeVito done stuff oh
really I was I was pleased to see that I
might have enjoyed
why are they bouncing I don't know cuz I
like it's a party oh what's that one
there was one with the Jets
it's Institute I'm sorry what what is
there to W Drive hit ball good rocket
John fuck look I'm gonna be a Captain
America car fuck yeah fuck yeah tires
this one fuck yeah sure what about more
tech so glossy Bucky I'll be shining ok
you so crazy it's true that's pretty
good that's pretty good that's pretty
good pink holy moly
I think I'm thinking the orange that's
cool Oh weird it's cute that's the whole
thing it's cute it's cute
that's gross yeah Frank baby I think you
gonna choose the country flavors to
automatically warrior from ooh that's a
good question let's look at it now oh
sweet Amerika Amerika motherfucker nah
you don't want to be from America
Oh what I don't even know if it's even a
country anyways look at what the last
country no I'm from America Jack I don't
wanna be from America the video game
you're Chris no Wales got dragon fuck
you guys I'm from America I don't know
you want to scare the other team B from
United Arab Emirates I'm from America
motherfucker earlier look at my sweet
taxi let's see yeah has anybody seen
Tomorrowland I believe some people
who've seen Tomorrowland
none of us but some was right oh you saw
it wasn't okay it was pretty good I
heard it was kind of a mess uh yeah
great but it was pretty good uh
Christmas Stuart is good in it that's
the weird part
you know she was good in oh hey that's
not Tomorrowland what was that oh you
know you're thinking of Adventureland
thank you that's gonna say that's the
movie she was good in yeah that's what I
like eventually yeah no Tomorrowland is
the Brad Bird movie George Clooney no
nobody saw it
nope nope you're still doing three
versus three yeah it was it was that it
was a local theater for like I mean
wouldn't think it actually got there
because it came out the same time as Mad
Max I didn't have Mad Max initially was
gonna be there like nobody wants to see
anything but man everybody wants to see
Mad Max oh sure yeah I heard
Tomorrowland was kind of a mess yeah
which is unfortunate I like Brad Bird no
he directed the fourth one right the new
one is Chris McQuarrie okay who rose way
the gun there was the additional row
okay yeah yeah yeah oh yeah you almost
knocked it out for that we got a point
does that count yeah thanks let's go
hang back here I feel like we have a
good team so I'm just gonna hang back
here great really we're gonna contribute
nothing I was Nathan's I was defense is
important pucker factor defense is
important and I thought like oh I want
to be the guy that saves it if it gets
hit into our goal I'll see now go
big fog of do oh I think I hit it I
think I think yes don't quite understand
it oh my god that blonde without
somebody exploded yes oh yes he's got it
he's got this I'm tellin ya I'm gonna be
able to hear I'm gonna be here for the
assist yeah exactly
jumpin jumpin is tough I did that on
purpose yeah it's something good and you
meant to yep yeah that's impressive
now doing that no that's no no keep
doing it now keep playing the game good
thirteen he's got it 13 is up back up up
I got the back in again Church oh come
on I got this Tarou sure Oh Cooper back
okay okay I did it I did a flip I did a
sweet flip not gonna do my boost up my
booth fuck
sorry my teammate grabbed the booze ball
loose ball
fuck what weight you lose then because I
was gonna hit you didn't I was gonna hit
it with my boot oh you can jump into a
quick turn that's pretty cool okay you
don't even teamwork that teamwork is all
right that's all right
out of seven reviews what no idea what's
going on all sorts of crazy high in you
know I'm not great at the game yet like
how rich gives up the controller but
then wants to play I still want to play
again with the controller because I
don't want to hog the controller rich is
being good yeah oh sorry 13 I wasn't
paying attention I was talking to rich
rich has manners
rich is Satan and all understand that
sure that's true stop you know you're a
room with other people okay
I try not to do that
I don't blame words but though there are
other people it's weird sometimes
oh that's coming around this coming or
oh my god no no no get up get up don't
let him get too far back with it okay
I'm circling I'm bordering
okay okay she's getting in real and
intense uh-huh we're also
