Episode 193
Mark O' Da Ninja (Part 2)
August 30, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6BLh224HXM
___________________________________________

boom The Price is Right
maybe if Robocop can hit Godzilla right
in the eye like a thousand times well
that's the real thing as Godzilla can't
die Godzilla has regenerative properties
because of the radiation
regenerative regenerative regenerative
he has regenerative properties he's made
of dicks so so it always hurts when he's
shot but he's constantly growing the
deck is made of dick dicks you ever
ashamed to be you like all the time once
you get past the shame though really
there's just more shame and alcohol but
you know I have good
it's a very sloppy performance in my
partner my sloppy marker than in Japan's
I'm gonna blame my not playing this game
lucky you you're what not having played
this game in like a Europe oh yeah yeah
you know you know what you're missing
you're missing that muscle memory you
Shh
get into the groove timing was off fuck
that up too fucking everything up
I'm just a big fucking
what about Robo chick she would lose to
everybody who lose everybody wrong she
could barely she could barely speak in
water
Robocop could speak and walk at the same
time hmm he did so often
damnit yeah well I got one but not the
other
you did it I'm so proud of you
because it did it I got nothing neither
I got none either chatting we need you
we need you chat I've wasted all my
pre-prepared material and now we're
going on and on about Robocop which I
guess it's fine
Robocop still a quality quality movie
you know shit to talk about running up
steam on this game we're playing on
Steam
I could I could talk I was not here for
the stream last Sunday because I went up
north I went way up to the northern part
of Wisconsin hmm
it was glorious I really enjoy road
trips why I don't know the time driving
don't like driving no like driving not
not not for a road trip driving yeah
yeah that's no no I like driving I like
seeing the countryside I like putting on
the cruise control listening to music it
was great it was great I really I like I
love road trips there was one time
something I don't much care for is um
roller cola yeah and or like carnival
rides because I have a really weak
stomach and so like I just get sick
right but there's like a big roller
coaster Park in Ohio
and the wife loves roller coasters and
her family loves roller coasters and
they wanted to go to this like big
roller coaster park in Ohio and you know
like it has its own hotel attached to it
so you could go there and they're like
let's go and I said well I'll go with
you but I just want to drive so you guys
go I'll just you know I'll stay in the
hotel and work and you guys come on all
the roller coasters I just like road
trips that's how much our groceries
drove them to a high anything so I go up
to the northern part responsible for
anyone interested very small town in
northern Wisconsin and while we're up
there we go shoot which is something I
often do and enjoy and we're at this gun
range and it's like an outdoor gun range
and it's very weird it's very strange
rules at this gun range in indoor gun
ranges you put your your target on a
little slider then you know you put
everyone who's seen a please show yeah
see now you put it on the on the clip
ease and you press a button and it
glides it out so you can do your
distance right this is a free outdoor
gun range and so there's just posts in
the ground and before you can put your
target up everyone else they're like you
need to like signal to everyone and go
hey I'm going out there nobody shooting
me and everybody and everybody puts
their hands up and goes yep yeah we hear
you we're not gonna shoot you you know
why I can't handle a gun because I'd be
the person to accidentally shoot you're
like wow oh no oh you're my moving
target no I would I would just hear you
and I would turn towards you and I just
have the gun on my hand
what are we holding it off I would just
be holding it straight out I've just
turned you just say wow and I would
accidentally shoot the gun and you would
die you I you're over-exaggerating it
once once you have a loaded gun in your
hand you become very aware of the things
around you but in any case it was it was
a fun gun range and we're there and
we're shooting and everything's fun
because shooting guns this one there's
shooting guns responsible can't be fun
but they're up in Rhinelander there was
a group at the shooting range of like
maybe 8 to 10 preteen girls that looked
like they were fresh off of a bust of
cheerleader camp yeah I'll stay here and
make sure no one comes back and it was
very strange white only because like
they didn't look like people who would
they didn't look like people who would
be at a shooting range and they were
shooting a giant rifle like it did not
look like a hunting rifle it looked like
a war weapon you know and they were all
they were they were dressed in like like
athletic wear you know like they looked
like cheerleaders captain in pick we've
talked about this before I support
responsible gun ownership but I do not
support the NRA they are nothing but a
terrible lobbyist organization fuck
about your right to bear arms they just
they're they are a lobbying propaganda
when the NRA can suck it that's coming
from someone who believes in responsible
gun ownership in any case it was just
I'm not saying that it was like wrong or
anything it was just the juxtaposition
of you know like seemingly cool preteen
girls shooting rifles at a gun range was
strange it was comical to me you you are
a fairly liberal person and I'm kind of
shocked to see you taking the stance
just because I'm open-minded doesn't
mean that you're not prejudiced and
bigoted it's not prejudice we we all
make we all make assumptions about the
things around us and it could just be an
an up North thing where that's something
you do when you're up north but jack is
afraid to let girls haven't gone I'm not
afraid he's worried he's worried about
the uprising
that's that's what he talks about in the
meetings who told you about the meeting
incidentally Chet I am just kind of
digging around a bit right now I'm the
guy I'm not I'm not taking this super
serious at this moment trying to jump
over this guy without alerting him oh
yeah it's not never gonna happen
you can do it oh look at that time that
perfectly I did nice now is a fun time
it was a it was actually my wife's very
first time shooting a gun and she did
very well she even hit the target after
after a few tries I'm gonna say after
after about 30 rounds she finally hit
the target and she was really excited
about that most of it she was hitting
the ground and then she would
overcompensate and hit you know like way
above the target and I I recommend it
for everyone I think everyone needs to
shoot a gun once in their life
it's an important thing to to understand
the the powers like a gun as a weapon
you know yes a gun is a gun yes deadly
weapon and I think not a lot of people
like people who are on like all sides of
the gun control debate or whatnot I
think most of these people have never
touched a gun and I think it's really
important
my preferred stance
I know people recommend the parallel you
know like with the peril or the
perpendicular stance whatever you're
shooting you should have your feet
planted and side by side kind of like
shoulder-width apart that's the
preferred stance but I always like to
put mine a little off-kilter you know to
give my back foot a little more weight
and I feel like that bird reduces the
distraction so I don't know that's just
me though I'm probably not doing it
correctly how far away were the targets
on the shooting range they had like they
had these posts and so one post was at
10 yards one post was at 25 yards and
one post was at 50 yards and we were
shooting at the 25 yard post only
because that was the only spot that was
open oh yeah the post I got the post to
post so we were we were shooting at 25
yards with handguns and you know doing
fairly well being fairly accurate oh one
of the secret worlds
thank you humble stranger a great quote
from Jack a gun is a weapon
well sudden you gotta know about a gun a
god is a weapon yeah yeah here's the
strange thing about guns they shoot
things most people didn't know that yeah
yeah it's really weird it's really weird
the shoot projectiles after you pull the
trigger the question for Jack are there
any Second Amendment groups you do
support you know I think a lot of them
are extreme I don't even know that you
even have to ban guns I think if you
have to have a license to drive a car
yeah yeah I think it's reasonable to
expect somebody to have to get a license
to use a gun I think that's entirely
acceptable yeah and you do need to take
courses in order to conceal carry a
weapon in Wisconsin we have concealed
carry laws and you do need to take
courses and get a license for that but
then by the way after you get that
license you never have to check in again
whereas if you drive a car every once in
a while you need your license renewed
make sure you're up to snuff I'm driving
a car need to take your car in for
regular emissions test to make sure that
your car is still functioning all of
these things by the way should be normal
I think for a car which wasn't even
designed to kill people right and so and
so no you don't need a license just to
own a gun you could walk into a gun
store after you weight an appropriate
amount of time you can just buy a gun
but I think it's perfectly reasonable to
like have people check your gun status
to make sure you are caring for your
weapon correctly I think that's a 100
percent reasonable but people like to
take these extreme stances you know
don't take away my guns
get away my guns my dawn is my life my
gun is my life Second Amendment except
for that part about real well-regulated
militia that doesn't count
that doesn't count when they militia
aside when when they wrote the Second
Amendment yeah like like assault rifles
were we're not in their mind at all they
weren't thinking about assault rifles
that wasn't even conceived they had
muskets they had it took you out like
two minutes to reload try and try and do
a killing spree with a musket see how
far you get you might wound a person no
but but here's the most important part
of the Second Amendment here is the
incredible for sight they had as part of
a well-regulated militia and in the
military or say on a police force you
know what they have to do every once in
a while get their weapons inspected to
make sure that they're caring for them
properly but we don't have that anymore
you know I I want to say it was in the
70s or something the Supreme Court said
well right well-regulated militia that
could just be one person I forget when
that court ruling happened but that has
been brought up before but but so this
is the thing if we had regular say like
you own a gun right people like do you
think of course how to handle the gun on
how to respect the weapon you regularly
have to bring the gun in you don't not
even to a government place to it like a
gun store and so the guns start can be
like oh yes yeah I see that you are
maintaining your weapon correctly that's
really great these are all normal things
not unreasonable and like I said I even
though I am a pretty liberal person I
ice q.o
i skew more Gunny than most
you're very Gunny I'm very you know I'm
kind of Gunny am I am slightly Gunny I
think a lot of that has to do with just
growing up around them and you know
understanding their okay yeah you're
right we've been talking about guns too
much
why well someone just is bringing up a
different topic oh no it's not we're not
interesting enough for you we here are
we here to entertain you is that is that
what we're here for on this this
streaming channel on the streaming
entertainment channel we're just here to
to tell you what's up I know I think do
I amuse you
I think I think people can understand
our gun stands here you know someone is
saying Jay s it says jack how important
would you say a balanced breakfast is
for productive and work heavy day you
need a good breakfast you got energy to
use that gun think cuz here's the thing
shooting cleaning and oiling your gun
take some time yeah like you know going
to the range shooting and then
disassembling and properly cleaning and
oiling your weapon that's at least don't
don't eat breakfast while you're
cleaning your gun cuz you just gonna get
like the wrong kind of oils all over
your gun and grease so this is the thing
that's it like it Lisa to our commitment
you need a good breakfast beforehand
yeah
I know people who aren't breakfast
people like who do I'm I'm not you're
not a breakfast person that blows my
mind right breakfast I love breakfast
literally is the most important least
least enjoyable meal of the day that's
include that's insane to me people are
people are different people I love
breakfast and I think breakfast is
terribly important oh this is
problematic yes I do carry a pocket
knife with me everywhere I go
not just that I carry a multi-tool
everywhere I go that's not gonna work
have a I have a Leatherman wingman
that's what it's called and it's a very
small pocket friendly multi-tool it has
a knife a wrench some not a wrench
pliers and some simple tools in it and
yes I carry it I carry it with me
everywhere I go because I I carry
several things with me everywhere I go
because I'm I'm a little anal like that
I carry a pen with me everywhere I go I
carry a notebook with me everywhere I go
because I often feel like I have to
write things down because as we've
talked about many times before I don't
have a good memory so so I write things
down obviously I don't carry my knife in
the airport that would be silly because
it would get taken away from me
but but yes I have a knife with me
everywhere about any of my cars I'm a
little I'm a little I might be a little
paranoid because in both my car and my
wife's car I have a a first responders
knife in there which is a it's a large
knife with an integrated seatbelt cutter
and window Smasher and so if you ever
get into an accident sometimes your
seatbelt can't come undone because like
the buckle gets damaged and so the knife
I have in my cars has a special seatbelt
cutter it's a special tool just for
cutting your seatbelt off and a sharp
blunt sharp blunt like a pokey edge
right that doesn't make any sense but
thank you missing the point what I've
what blunt
for it's for smashing open oh oh I
accidentally killed him with a missile
launcher and then I got killed by the
missile launcher wait you have a missile
launcher no there's one in there that
got activated and instead of hitting me
it hit the guy with the shield which I
was very happy about sure
but then if it you better hit me thank
you
Lucy's Corbin he says he doesn't think
it's being paranoid about being cautious
I I think it's important a knife a knife
is an important tool I think to have
with you everywhere you go you never
know when you need to cut something or
someone open you know terrible terrible
that's just just terrible it's the
quality of material we had to give these
people they want you know this some of
them gave us five dollars this is what
we have to talk about today with knives
and guns this is the knives and guns
chat we're playing a ninja game talk
about nice rich do you carry a knife
with you no have you ever carried a no
no no never felt the need never have
needed it so I don't think I'm missing
anything yeah yeah all right I use my
Leatherman all the time get a box cut it
open
going it got it open he got it open Oh
Krieg here 783 he says I figure we got
about 350 worth here by the end of the
stream we're gonna get that full $5
worth I really think we can do it I
really really think we can do it
Oh what do you guys think of the female
Ghostbusters visiting those sick kids
and taking photos that's very nice of
them I thought it's kind of tacky
because the kids obviously had no idea
who they were yeah doesn't matter it's a
PR stunt that happens it is a PR stunt
but anything anything they're intense
sick kids I can't completely shit all
over it like I don't think those kids
would have cared if they were like four
female non-celebrities dressed up like
ghostbusters they would have just liked
someone to come and visit them it's a
movie that doesn't need to be made we
all know this yeah
don't cares how what they do to
publicize it all women cast gimmick or
not it's not a movie that should be
remade it's like Robocop yeah but that's
something that celebrities do they visit
sick kids that it who cares if it's the
female cast of ghostbusters
they would do that I'm sure for other
movies it doesn't matter who cares if
the kids knew who they were or not those
kids were prime just happy someone came
with did any of the kids say you're not
ghostbusters no I'm sure the kids said
thank you for coming to visit me it gets
a little boring in here sometimes
nobody's visited me in years those those
kids they just sit there all day let
them go oh look some care someone took
my picture her a fucking man leave those
kids alone
yeah yeah fairly John Cena does like a
ridiculous amount of those the wrestler
yep like he will just go to every kid
who asked me I think that's great I
think that's great oh it's starting off
in here that's nice apparently I need a
corpse less you need a corpse yeah don't
like anything where I can't get by
undetected
it's not right that's not how this game
should work red letter media is not
gonna remake space cup in 30 years in 30
years we'll finally be done with the
sequel the space cop hey how much money
for a secret huh how much money first
sequel how much money like for you yeah
for a remake for a sequel I'm for sale
yeah we'll see how well the first one
does very poorly yeah
I'm just saying it did very poorly yeah
Johnny Depp dresses up like Jack Sparrow
and visits hospitals this this is what
happens every it's fine
as long as they're not like you know as
long as they're not going in there and
smacking people around I think it's fine
for anyone to visit sick people
so just saying is there's never a bad
time to visit sick people in the
hospital you know there's no way there's
no way to know you know what anyone's
gonna crash but I think I think it's
usually a good thing to visit oh yeah oh
yeah it's kind of depressing at all all
right
you know I'm probably gonna die I'll get
that shit and who needs that what else
are you gonna do with your day go to the
park no you can't go to the park I stay
in the hospital some of these kids can't
leave that's why I always I always
enjoyed the I don't kids play kids play
yeah give them video games and not like
life-saving drugs as well yeah I mean
there's there's better thing she could
probably deal with in kids play we can
only assume that the doctors are giving
them life-saving drugs I would rather be
if I were a sick kid I would rather
somebody donating money for her medicine
Cara my cure my cancer and then we'll
talk about video clips you can only
assume that people are already working
on the medicine stuff but you have to
spend a lot of time in the hospital look
now I got something to do while you're
in the hospital I'm gonna know if I'm
gonna donate to a charity it's gonna be
to a charity that's doing something
useful yeah I don't know I like it I
think there are there are people who
like for either for treatment or just
because they're so sick have to spend
all day in a hospital on I get bored I
want something to do
child's play not kids play bottom
there's no official release date on
space cop rich yeah are you planning on
visiting any six sick kids dressed up as
base camp they would not want to see me
they would not want to see babies okay
if I were famous enough that it would
make a difference
sure you would yeah I wouldn't think to
do it on my own so he said hey it's the
kids I'd really appreciate seen spacecab
yeah yeah that sounds like a good idea
maybe maybe something like Tina at sick
teenagers they would know of you
teenagers usually ask for this let's be
honest well of course they're well you
know maybe there has maybe so and then
they're there especially if they are
assholes especially red letter media
fans then until then they've really
wants you to come in they probably need
to be a dick tear while you were there
but you know yep you'd be doing
Alvis for the right amount of money rich
will visit any one dress the space kappa
I think I think we've gone through that
any more
rich is for sale yeah you you you put up
the dough little strapped rich in that
space cop outfit ship him off to
wherever what do you want him to dress
as he'll dress up as anything we'll put
him in the blanket outfit dress him up
as George Lucas well we'll put a new
page on me on the merchandise a new item
in the merchandise shop personalized
rich Evans visit yeah oh yeah he'll
dress up as nuki no dress up is anything
anything you want except nuki except for
new key or or or Darth Maul you won't
dress up is there no I won't dress up as
Darth Maul that's smearing that shit and
a bunch of horns all over my head rich
rich has a price oh I'll dress up in
whatever costume takes the least amount
of work
okay so rich does have a limit that's
interesting that's interest
okay how about in a suit made of new key
tapes I think that's fine
he doesn't want it bricks doesn't want
to put makeup on no I don't I really do
I can't stand full face makeup let's
just yeah yeah okay I'm on gunk all over
my damn face
he doesn't want as long as it doesn't
involve gunk over his damn face he's
fine with it this way I can do
once again okay they would have to be
smearing gunk all over my face and it
would be racist I forgot I forgot her
eyes when there was every dork no some
mace windu is all of all the Nerds are
down with that I forgot you know what up
for a second I've read mace windu but my
mind was reading qui-gon jinn I'd be an
easy costume
oh yeah did you put on full face makeup
to play the alien in the Grabowski yeah
I hate it
I'm doing stuff
stealth requires quiet time I'm sorry
yeah and we are gonna do more text
adventure games I think what what do we
say our next one was gonna be we're
gonna do the King's Quest one right um
most likely yes seems quest three rich
said it would be the good one one and
two are a little bit too simplistic
don't wanted to were like fetch quests
okay rich here's here's the real offer
from Elvis Elvis yeah four tickets to a
Mariners game just a few rows behind the
dugout and dinner yeah yeah you can play
favor the flight yeah you gotta pay for
the hotel at least one night of a hotel
this things ain't free
I can only assume it's the Mariners game
we're in flair though right you're gonna
lose Disney World or land but they're
gonna have a whole Star Wars themed wing
of the park now of course Oh more's no
not a huge Star Wars fan we know that I
think I like the original movies but let
me make a ton of fuckin money
it's it's it's ER it's not even funny
yeah but Disney World is now gonna be
filled with assholes that's the
trade-off nobody else is gonna want to
go there yeah it's gonna be overrun by
Star Wars right Real Talk though have
you seen the Lego set no they've leased
or unveiled or something for the new one
the the new lego sets for the force
awakens yeah super excited about them
I'm a big big lego fan
super spoiler if ik I don't know if it's
spoiler if ik I mean I don't know
anything about it there's a new
Millennium Falcon
like I said there's there's a bunch of
new cool stuff they look great
I'm very very explosion I'm more I think
I might be more excited about the Legos
Legos are like Legos but they're so
fucking reticular comically expensive
for what they are
comically they don't even come free a
symbol that's that's the fun rich I
don't know I'm just yeah it's the fun
but you think that would anything would
just help keep the cost down I don't you
know to me there were the the hours the
the day's the months of entertainment
that me and my children get out of Legos
and then you know new sets and then you
can take them apart and make your own
sets I love it Legos are the best toy
they are the toy that keeps on giving
you get you get a kid a guy an action
figure you know they play with them for
a little bit you get him Legos they can
have a new fucking thing every day so
basically you like them because they
keep your kids out of your hair you know
but I mean also for me do you like what
I'm playing with them I want something
to do it you know playing with the kids
would play Legos build shit I'm still
gotta watch the old my house fucking do
your kids have some of your old Legos
the question no no my mom was pretty
terrible at keeping yeah my childhood
toys so no not not in my jaw Lisa
my wife's mom capped a lot of her stuff
yeah and so
we have a bunch of old Legos but I
constantly scour rumor sales for like
just bins of Legos cuz we go for rooms
we had a very we have Harry you know
careful organizing system for all of our
Legos I think that's great just this guy
you know he's so excited for his
daughter to be old enough for Legos it's
fantastic and like especially once
they're old enough to just start like
creating weird shit themselves it takes
their days it's great it is great how
young do you have to be to not be old
enough for Legos well one when you're
too young
like even even like my question is
where's the line I think it's like five
or six cuz they got the duplos yeah
duplo's and duplo's do great but then
eventually you get too old for new
clothes
Oh too old for the duplo but then you're
so young that you don't build a
structurally sound LEGO creations and so
then it turns into a thing of like I
built this awesome thing but it keeps
falling apart when I play with it right
and that just makes it frustrated but I
think once you start hitting at five or
six they can start like piecing together
things that actually stay together
that's what you're most excited about oh
I like building stuff I like putting I
love a stem assembling stuff you know
like ya bring all your piece oh yeah
organizing them and buy different colors
and sizes and then precisely putting it
together I mostly just built spaceships
actually I built towns but I got a
little bit older I tried to build whole
towns great yeah oh fuck you're sitting
right there right there fucking jackass
that's true yeah if they're too young if
it's too young they just eat the Legos
you gotta be careful of that duplo's are
a great way to start but man like Lego
Legos we went through a phase where we
were super into mech suits and just
everything was a mech suit and you know
like my oldest would just put legs and
arms on any creation it's like okay it's
a mech suit now and it was awesome I
would like putting together Warhammer
hall's you're probably right no no
actually you know what I tried model
building once like you know model
airplanes you didn't have the patience
that take this thing would be neat that
takes precision and I don't have that
kind of precision though I'd want to
build model spaceships
model planes yeah the Lego movies great
I love the leg of moon
right oh yeah I was fun super fun I was
I was all ready to call some bullshit on
the lego movie for being overly generic
but then the twist happened it's it's
got it yeah the the the gimmick that the
gimmick kind of negates the dumbness of
it just clever it's clever but it's
still dumb it's still dumb but you know
you you almost feel like it's dumb on
purpose because it's right yeah it's a
gimmick gimmick work and the gimmick
works and yeah like a movies great
oh that's a good question did you hear
how do you feel about there being a Toy
Story for I don't give a shit I'm not as
big on the toy stories as most people
are yeah they're fine find a good then I
haven't hated them but it's not toys
story is not sacred to me the toy
stories aren't even amongst my favorite
Pixar movies I don't know I don't know
that they make my top 5 any of them oh
really
Incredibles up wall-e and they go just
about any order you put up in front of
you up his number 2 for you there those
the top 3 there's some jostling there's
some I think I'm like I'm Wally might be
my favorite
well he's amazing I might like up more
than the Incredibles those really close
up is great I'm up as fuck up had me in
tears of in five minutes
well but here's the thing like there's
there's the first five minutes of up and
there's all and then and then I think I
put monsters incorporated and Finding
Nemo above it before I get to any of the
Toy Story yeah yeah so do they I mean
you know they're all great was was there
all the time makes good movies but none
of the top none of the toy stories make
my Pixar top 5 yeah yep I mean totally
Story 3 it's brilliant and heartbreak
it's fine they're really manipulative of
that ending come on that ending the
tricks people into thinking the movie is
great better than it is what are you
talking about it's the ending that
tricks people into thinking the movie is
better than it is the ending is great
yeah sure it is what do you mean it
tricks people explain explain your
because then you think they're gonna die
and it's all super hyper emotional the
rest before that is it's fine it's good
it's okay so I'm saying Jack and you got
a deal with it because it's what I'm
saying and you can't stop saying I'm not
gonna stop me from saying I would like
you can't reach the mute button I would
I would like to rebut if I comb that
garden but the entire movie is the build
to that ending the entire movie is them
coming to grips with where they are in
life right it's fine it's good it's
great it's fine it's just not in my top
five Pixar's sorry
bite me I'm not tough on you you you
know when you say stuff like how much
would people love the movie without that
ending us all I'm saying what could've
you know if a frog had wings would it
hop okay
what did bump its ass when it hopped
right it's a moot point it has the
ending that was by the way I that was me
retelling that thing terribly what how
does that say it phrase go what if a
fraud oh I've never heard that phrase I
thought you're just making that up
oh no it's a specific phrase to mean
like it doesn't you know if a frog had
wings would it bump its ass when it
hopped mhm and it doesn't matter cuz the
Frog doesn't have wings right yeah so
your point of if without that ending
would it matter it doesn't matter cuz it
has the ending it's beautiful oh and I
don't care if I'm spoiling Toy Story
three Toy Story 3 is out of spoiler
warning tonight yeah I'm gonna agree
with that that's been out for a while
had your chance yeah
by the way love Darth Vader's Luke
Skywalker's father right we're done with
that kind of spoiler territory Snape
killed Dumbledore bunny kinda did it on
purpose but who's supposed to tell Snape
thing I never much cared for but I don't
know I'm not a Harry Potter guy I just
heard that as a spoiler that's all I
know totally a spoiler okay Toy Story
four apparently rumored yeah and I know
well you don't care but I guess I do so
I'm gonna talk well I was fine rather
I'd rather they do another new Artie
property I'd rather see another up not a
sequel but I mean another movie in the
vein of a poor Wally yeah is what I
would rather see okay yeah or The
Incredibles 2 which has been announced
so I'm happy about that credible Seuss
coming out
I need more incredible everyone needs
more Incredibles very excited about that
agreed we know wall-e is a that might be
my top toy story for the rumored story
is woody finding Bo Peep oh god forgot
about after well she left
did she leave I don't remember how that
work she didn't leave you know like
remember and Toy Story 3 they were
talking about all the toys that are
there as I mentioned Bo and he's like
yeah we lost ball so we can only assume
she was given away or she's forced
license broke
ambiguity you say it could be so you
know we can only assume that you know
they see Bo beep Bo beep up on eBay or
something right mm-hmm and they discover
that if their baby's not just another Bo
Peep thousands right right wind that'd
be awkward like the entire movie what
he's like searching for his lost love
and he gets there it's like Bo I missed
you she's like who the fuck are you
they'll be the twist that'll be great
I'm all for that now rich Evans is now
100% onboard yeah yeah so that's you
know could be could be fine good suck
depends if it's the same people working
on it what do I kill this guy do I let
him live she might look around a little
close the door but let him live you know
why because once once your mission is
complete and he's left alive he's gonna
feel oh this is this is a mission with
the lightning that can flare up at any
time and and and reveal you
so yeah and you want to let as many
people in the level live as possible
because then they feel like shit yeah
I let them pass oh I love I love
ghosting yeah but I'm doing terrible
today I too long so I played this game
my mojo is gone I can get back there
sure but shit happens and we're all
gonna have to deal with that do toys die
when they break well part of them has to
break can I just have a head who fucking
cares well what about that amalgam thing
in Toy Story 1 oh the doll head right we
fucking eye I see post like that all the
time about like you know oh and Toy
Story buzz actually couldn't fly or
float or anything you know it's like
fucking pairs of movies I don't care
about stuff like that
ah ok well stuff like that
they can't even fight without these toys
to protect them
I you know I liked I liked Toy Story 3 I
I thought I think I think all the Toy
Story movies are it was it was good not
saying it's bad movie oh no no I agree
but you know I see some people hey can
it not be him slightly bad-mouthing and
I think I think that the Toy Story
movies do an amazing job of metaphor you
know like they're all about very
grown-up things
but shaped around toys and around your
childhood I think they do a good job of
that even even confronting death and
just growing older and I thought Toy
Story 3 was one of the best midlife
crisis movies in just these old toys
were no use to anyone who try to get
back in the game only to be smothered
and crushed by the you know need people
in their life right only to embrace
death that's great that's fuckin great
you know Toy Story wanders basically
about it is about a father stepfather
relationship it's not a divorced dad
being taken over by the cool guy that's
what I that's how I was
fuck
oh no he bodyslam me is there a director
you guys would love to see make a Batman
no no no one in particular I'd love to
see somebody who just I'd love to see
somebody act Batman I'd love to see
somebody write Batman right and somebody
act back I'd love to see him not wearing
a plastic black armored suit yeah yeah I
would love that I will have to say
actually see Batman in a movie for a
change in fact just make another Batman
the Animated Series movie there problem
solved think of a director who made a
movie where like characters had to
figure stuff out and you know who would
probably make a really fantastic Batman
movie
Bradburn or rushed him and Paul Dini
live action a live actor I'm thinking of
all of the like sneaking around and
stuff stuff in The Incredibles I'm
thinking of the fun action sequences in
Mission Impossible
I'm like one name alone who's gonna do
it well you are a lot of things have to
come together I think to make a good
Batman movie you also need a studio
willing to not get their way and shove
like new bat toys into the Batman movie
it'd be neat if they were willing to not
do a super villain this Batman versus
the corrupt city do year one as a movie
I'd be done with your one as a movie
that's what they're saying the daredevil
showrunner yep doing a pair of simple
down their version of Batman be cool I'd
be fucking yeah Tomorrowland was kind of
lame but I'm thinking of yourself
whoo Batman in a7 style Gotham who's 7
again I've never seen 7 no I know I
should one of those things I needed to
see you in I haven't no excuse I'm
blanking everything
that was a Fincher was a picture yes Oh
Fincher would make it go Batman not I
mean not Carrie Fincher would direct the
good bad husband Bruce Wayne and Batman
will the same person all along okay that
joke was so good Jack's quacking hey
Jack quack like a duck
no Fincher would've enjoyed about
wouldn't make a good Batman and Fincher
might have the balls to stand up to a
studio because manga is stupid chat why
were you talking about comic books how
can we never talk about manga because I
don't like whiny 15 year old boys
there's my answer
lots of flashiness little depth pretend
depth and 15 year old whiny boys that's
anime that's manga suck my dick
yes I'm generalizing and there are
probably exceptions to the rule I don't
give a fuck go to help Colonel Richard
we're not talking about mango which is
delicious though it's hard to get the
fruit you know it's hard to cut into a
mango mango I think it's delicious
have you watched any of the DC animated
movies not many though I'm definitely
gonna have to see The Killing Joke with
if Mark but the way I've heard he's
confirmed I don't know if that's a
reliable source but with Mark Hamill
doing the Joker yeah I got to see The
Killing Joke I saw I saw one of their
recent like dawn of Justice like I'll do
is for more for that it was it was like
a recent Batman fight Superman for a
little bit and Wonder Woman's there and
I think the flash to or some I thought
it was I thought it was terrible
I thought it was terrible and rushed and
the characters were all over the place
and I didn't much care for
oh this thing on me didn't much careful
I thought I thought they handled like
the the Justice League coming together
really well back in with in the old
Justice League cartoon again that that
old Adventures of Superman Batman that
Justice League did you ever say which
one sorry I was dodging dogs though
right well not the the old dresses like
the night those dresses uh a little bit
yeah I haven't seen the whole thing
I thought the part of eating those part
of the DCAU yes yeah I thought they
handled the Justice League coming
together better on that ultimately I
just wanted you know I'm like Formica
chicas just like Batman dominated
everything I just wanted to see what
Batman was gonna do because he was by
far the most interesting I'm all written
character on the show it turned into it
Bay's well have been another Batman show
which I'm kind of okay with but I don't
I just don't give a shit about the
Justice League maybe I don't know okay
you know the DC characters have a
problem they have a big bro they're
gonna die and then be reborn as
something else and then be reborn in a
more Trixie
get your master killed dog
it's an animated movie and continuity
with the Arkham games what what what
animated movie is that right although
it's not actually about Batman that's
probably just about the asan them be my
guess there's a Batman here one movie
yeah yeah
animated I'm not sure who did the voice
snack I don't think it's Kevin Conroy so
my interest level dipped like 75 percent
I'm gonna be asking you yeah it's stiii
identified that and with Kevin Conroy so
much at this point that actually
decreased my desire to see that it's
tough it's up it's tough when someone
nails it's so much yeah and you're so
and you know he did it for so long
he was Batman for so long that I agree I
can see you might not be a fair reason
to not have given your one a chance but
is what it is
assault on Arkham is what it's done
thank you Darth Stevens Steven s
I have not seen the Dark Knight Returns
animated movie I want to say I read the
comic when it came out assault on Arkham
is a Suicide Squad movie set in the
arkham games
why bother setting it in the arkham
universe other than just a gimmick it
might not yeah i guess it doesn't make
any difference
maybe we haven't seen i don't really
know because the games did well and so
you just want to connect it and yeah
again to that alright oh shit rich I
just re-watched The Dark Knight and I
think you guys are totally blowing the
Batman voice out of proportion
you mean Christian Bale's Batman oh
we're no we're not it's ridiculous yeah
I I'm good you know what you know what
weird I'm gonna use absurd it's absurd
oh I didn't I did not know that there
apparently Kevin Conroy was interviewed
by Kevin Smith yeah oh my god how when
why was probably on his Batman podcast
oh hey that's right he has a Batman
theme I'm sure that would be a great
podcast to listen to him he had a great
interview with Mark Hamill yeah
it's great ya know Chris Bale's Batman
voice oh it's awful is absurd where are
ya keep doing it you do it great it's
like and like the more I love I'd love
to hear you do the the year one
narration with that voice so we can we
can we look up some of the year one
narration wait hold on
father set me aside I don't know
anything I know I don't have it any of
it to heart either but that would be
hysterical just like it's just the were
like and then the more intense he gets
and the more like emotional he gets a
bad a worse it is just the more I don't
hear and here's the real problem is I
can't even remember any lines from any
of the movies because I've removed them
from my brain but can you look like
you're one script is this thing that
exists somebody if you could find a
script to year one send us a link
you know it's just a lot of bruising
myself oh okay okay
Bruce it's and rights away because
there's like this little I'm almost
diary entry day one yeah oh we're
getting there we're getting us some good
stuff here that's not why I'm gonna jump
to your stupid
there's so much not badly there's so
much not Batman in the people is that
all eyes I don't just spoken words or is
that doing the the narration to the
diary entries because those are all over
that script the diary entries should be
in voiceover
they might not have done it for the
cartoon movie for sure I know in the
comic book that once every day he's got
an entry which I had your one who
actually just loaded the mic you wanted
to read comic book stuff yeah yeah I'm
old you got no your one yeah name your
one again the Dark Knight Returns and
what else I give them Killing Joke well
yeah I think I just wanted to serve with
some Batman stuff Oh movies comics most
movies you want her to brush out or be
prepared
yeah they've already done Watchmen so oh
yeah the best line from Batman is
indiscernible growling it really is
it's like I'm just trying even trying to
remember a scene from that movie Rachel
Rachel but one day and you're not even
doing a comical exaggeration you're
doing the voice but one day someone told
me that they were gonna need someone
like me Rachel listen to me
sometimes you have to be what the world
needs you to be and now it's you want to
be
Rachel gets me into it here I can hear
him say Rachel Rachel
I don't wear hockey pads
do the speech Batman says to Superman
before kicking his ass and returns I
don't remember that speech sound like
Harvey Fierstein sure Harvey Fierstein
is a probably doesn't better Batman boys
than Bale we need someone like you
someone who will rattle the cages it's
like even I think I'm doing it to subtly
even you know mm-hmm man it's so awful
how not the new Batman a class like
Christian Bale I know your mo you don't
kill anyone I'm not trying to kill you
Howard I know you'd have the same stupid
thing I thought Maggie Gyllenhaal was
fine in that she was certainly better
than them Kate Kate was a fucking wet
blanket Maggie Gyllenhaal at least
emoted some
fucking like I waited and waited no
lightning came so I just said fuck it
I'm going and happened again I'm sorry
yeah okay dude thank you rich what do we
do when we fall look there it's David
what do we do when we fall we get up we
fight we fight for another day fuck my
life
fuck my life we are the Ragnar Empire we
have specifically chosen this URL I'm
getting worn out those might be my last
stage sure to reveal our battle plans I
must say that the Space Jam website must
be taken down he just reading things
they're writing now no I'm just that's
the only thing I can remember is that is
the dialogue from the great space - oh
yeah
maybe huh no Katie Holmes even looked
more bored in Batman Begins I am
thoroughly convinced that Katie Holmes
10 Donna yet she is just here you know
she's she's in movies purely on momentum
Maggie is a good actress I like Maggie
job
The Dark Knight isn't a Batman movie but
it's my favorite movie with Batman in it
and see here's the thing failed or
whatever your name is what's the logic
mom come on mom no mom this is why this
is why the Dark Knight is the best
Batman movies because Batman does his
Batman things he does actual detective
work he doesn't just go around punching
Superman I got this suit that lets me
take bullets right now I'm not wearing
hockey pads you know like it's a movie
primarily focused on the villain and
Batman does what he can he scrambles to
catch up that's a Batman movie he's a
detective he spends a lot of time
sitting around and thinking and figuring
out stuff looking in abandoned buildings
for clues like a fucking detective would
do that's why the Dark Knight is the
best one to see
here here's a here are some lines from
from the Batman Superman Dark Knight
you're beginning to get the idea Clark
we could have changed the world now look
at us
I've become a political liability and
you you're a joke I want you to remember
Clark in all the years to come in your
most private moments I want you to
remember my hand now your throat I want
you to remember the one man who be you
that's that's the speech at the end of
DARPA terms cameras oh yeah I am the
night Rachel
you know what that is a little off-topic
but I think that's a great one
maggie gyllenhaal the just this guy you
know we have you seen stranger than
fiction
nope that will Ferrell Maggie Gyllenhaal
movie no it's quite good okay it's not a
typical Will Ferrell comedy it's kind of
a like a dark comedy indie comedy very
enjoyable movie I think might be a
little off-topic but we were talking
about Maggie Gyllenhaal and her being a
good actress and I think that's a fine
example of her is a good actress also a
fine example of Will Ferrell's talent
outside of very good
yeah I don't even know this is actually
a really good guy you know that's I
literally all I'm doing is growling
that's my Batman voice because Bale I
think it's I think it's great I think
it's terrible I think Bale's Batman
voice is terrible
that's the worst the only affleck batman
voice we've heard so far is his robot i
sized batman voice and i wonder if that
is going to be his whole batman thing
wait I haven't heard this what is this
you know what he says do you bleed
doesn't it sound like real body Affleck
did this right remember in the trailer
oh oh I blinked like sorry it's
forgettable you know you like it's
coming through his Iron Man suit yeah
Robo Lee so I wonder if you I wonder
what his like normal Batman voice is
gonna be well we ever see him in a
normal Batman voice I don't know that's
a good question
who cares if Maggie was not attractive
in bat the bat in hand movies she was
playing a character
well they cared they care about that
that's somewhere that's what someone
said who fucking cares I don't think
I've got your priorities straight man I
also don't find Katie Holmes attractive
but like I don't necessarily find Maggie
Gyllenhaal like attractive except for
the fact that she's very talented and I
find talent attractive she's attractive
and kind of like an indie girl way you
know no no young Jennifer Connelly we
can all agree on that but who cares
about that she's an actress she's
playing a part in the movie fucking
fucking get over it does she act the
character well yeah I think that's the
first question that's all that should
matter Batman in Iron Man suit that's
what have you have you not seen the Man
of Steel's trailer that's what happens
Batman gets in an Iron Man sir Oh
what I think that's a weird thing to say
Tiberius guard that whenever in the dark
night whenever they were doing a
close-up on Maggie's face it was
distracting and she looked bizarre I
think that's that's weird incorrect
you right Oh bother
Iron Man Batman had better act a hell of
a lot like Robocop what's the point I
think that would be hilarious like like
what you were hoping for in in Arkham
Knight oh yeah yeah come on clonk clonk
tell me do you bleed shit man just like
flies away really fast wait up oh I
don't have rocket boosters on this thing
hide it
fear for us lunch boy I'm not gonna say
warren- Maggie Gyllenhaal
my fans are kind of mean assume
something let's be honest abandoned kind
of mean sometimes they're kind of mean
and you know so as we've discussed in
the past these might be jokes you might
be saying jokes
murmurs remember we run after our
streams they used to attack that the
streamer with the big boobs that's true
I do a mean thing sir that was a little
mean there's a little mean and like I
get it she was putting that out there
she was really like let's be honest it's
me I am I am let's be honest you put a
lot of this but if you you know what I
was doing right there I was being a
little mean do you want to do play
something just think this is fine why
don't we think this is gross
it's 9:30 so we've been at it for almost
three hours 9:30 and you and you know
there's some private room should we
discuss discuss that the chat when we
got home okay wait first of all chat is
the plan to go play rocket League and
talk about it in chat because I guess
here's what I'm saying I'm gonna go home
and play rocket League no matter what
yeah yeah
are we playing together or not oh we and
if anything we could that's true
be nice if we could team up his friends
even though you're PlayStation I'm again
can we and just tackle regular rooms
oh you mean that can we join a party
together I don't know I don't know if
you can specify I'm already rocket
League II know we won't stream it we're
just gonna play it yeah we're gonna play
this let's go home I play it well well
we're gonna we're gonna check in the
stream later and I'll give you guys the
room in that and then what now let's
thank our subscribe yeah
mr. shy smile doom doom poke Rena Gazzo
iced lizard game shark spear
Dave oh oh five babies layer one five
six scantron the immortal optimist no
this just this guy I know
you know jack you blew the name what
just this guy you know
fuck fuck just this guy you know specs
for Jason Kaikoura
Cara seein fart and done make sure you
gonna write first times I'm just making
sure I get it right the first time
Dungeon Master Blaster thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do was wait that
Batman voice to come in a lot earlier
were you yeah waiting for like a name to
be Batman
oh yeah that's good let's go it's gonna
happen at all sure sure
thank you for subscribing we really
