Episode 195
Mute Crimson+ (Part 2)
September 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ew6OZSpG5OA
___________________________________________

I'm done doing that now along with you
yeah looks like fun Nitti it's a very
fun game it's like a puzzle second
puzzle more than a platformer which is
fine well it's the the puzzles are the
platform elements that was luck good a
spear skill that was it last part wasn't
your skill get out of town only I could
do this only I have enough skill oh my
oh you are a doesn't lead I burn
oh did you guys know by the way that on
Netflix there's a behind that there's a
wet hot American summer
behind-the-scenes featurette yeah not
even a feature of it's like 90 minutes
or something or an hour at least it's
it's a whole behind the scenes thing I
just stumbled across the other day a
hurricane of fun it's called if anyone's
looking for it it's great yeah it's
clearly like it was shot at the time and
almost looks like it was edited at the
time right really
oh the original yeah that was serious no
another show yeah it's like four by
three like it's a old-looking it's great
yeah and I wonder if that was like meant
to be some sort of behind-the-scenes
thing on the DVD is it not on the DVD no
oh it's great yeah it's really good it's
interesting scene on Bradley Cooper like
he's so excited just to be there like
this is his first big gig no no that was
his first gig yeah like crazy
it was Bradley Cooper's first movie it
was Amy Poehler's first movie Elizabeth
shoes first movie was shoot Elizabeth
Banks sorry okay sorry thank you for
being there it was all of their first
movies isn't that amazing and then in
the future they keep talking about like
how Janeane Garofalo is the big get
she's like looking Stern now she's like
the least famous one in the new show
correct like we have Janeane Garofalo
and david Hyde Pierce and that was their
huge again and at the time I guess it
was you know and I kind of love that
yeah yeah it's a good behind the scenes
yeah I was really excited I rewatched
the movie after I watch the show just
because I wanted a more put out American
summer nights I know I want a second
season
already I don't know and we you and I
haven't talked about this yet I had very
real problems with Michael show halters
weight gain it's distracting it is
distracting and I don't want to be like
but it is distracting and it's not
because he gained weight it's because he
looks so drastically different yeah it
would be the same as if the what's the
name of that heavy he said comedian in
the in the original series and admit her
in the original movie maybe that Court
longer yeah yeah it would be the exact
same if he lost a bunch of weight and
was like railfan yeah it would be
incredibly distracting
and so I couldn't I found myself
inaudible it's a really awkward physical
comedy with him that makes it funny like
when he's chasing the little kid like I
thought that was boy yes and they're
just like running in circles it's funny
cause he's so like yeah but a lot of his
jokes I think were flat to me only
because his character looks so different
which I feel I feel bad saying but no I
thought his storyline was the weakest
the one with like him and what's her
face like Israel and israelian yeah that
whole subplot was I thought the weakest
I didn't hated her
oh sure
better business going on but they got
the better business Israeli and sent
like a weird doctor who race or
something israelian yeah we have to stop
the Israeli ins Israeli Israeli yeah
Israeli and does sound alien sorry
anyone from Israel I'm American so I
don't know what other countries call
them so they're oppressing the paranoid
this goes against everything the globe
ulaana treaty tried to resolve the
paranoid keep sending neutrino bombs at
us just some really clumsy social
commentary right exactly exactly
but these rail eons have all of our
supplies of dilithium crystals so we
must be of act nice to them right that's
heavy handed everything sex so overall
though did you enjoy it was great that
sounds like a no to me the first sounds
like a you know we're talking about the
first like shattering no I thought the
first like three episodes were hilarious
and then I think it got kind of got
weaker as it went along I thought it's
true
I enjoyed it all but I I think I only
enjoyed it because I enjoyed the movie
so much and but yeah yeah it was alright
DJ ski mask DJ undercover you don't the
venko they can only get bradley cooper
birthday yes he's like hey it's me DJ
ski mask who's also been has it been
yeah and then every once in a while they
just cut to him alone and he lifts up
the ski mask it's still very funny it's
just you know like especially re
watching the movie
the movie is so special it is yeah and
the movie has an energy that the show
doesn't have yeah that's the one thing
I'll say about the show is that it
didn't it wasn't as like rapid-fire yeah
as the movie but it's also a show right
to fill whatever eight hours should they
have just made a made for Netflix movie
hmm I don't know I kind of like the
format of it as a show I get out of
there no I got stuck on the wall ya know
like it works overall I'm happy about it
you know I'm happy it exists in general
oh my god
but you know
I don't give it a solid b-plus
get off the wall that's but coming from
an A plus plus plus on a scale on a
scale of 100 I'd give it a b-plus okay
if that makes any sense
good considering it could have turned
out like Arrested Development season
four right way better dude I can rush
the development season I I liked it more
than most people seem to people seem to
hate it I think it has its moments it's
not a solidus the the original series
but okay it's not anywhere near the
first episode I watched it like the date
went off and the first episode was so
unfunny yes and I think that's how
people view the entire season I thought
it got better
I don't had its moments it definitely
suffers from the fact they're all
separate yeah oh trying to put them
together all that stuff bad very awkward
but there's some funny storylines I
think all this stuff with Tobias and the
Bant reference to the Roger Corman
fantastic Homer with Maria Bamford Maria
ban yeah Oh God oh yeah all that stuff
was good actually that's another one
that's that's the opposite of my Michael
Showalter problem where Portia de Rossi
like lost a bunch of weights even issues
I think she kept plastics she looks
different I thought it was a different I
thought it was supposed to be her I
thought it was a younger actress and
then it was like wait that's her this is
too easy something something yeah this
is too easy
heard about a part of the last couple
levels hmm this is pretty cake this was
so this might be right right before boss
is it expected to die as much as you're
dying I think so yes and say would you
like to try it no no I think I'll do
maybe maybe you should shut the -
actually I think Ritchie's doing well
okay like I think I just I unfairly been
paid attention so now that I'm watching
I'm like wow this looks like it's
intentionally the most difficult thing
ever oh sure I think rich is doing
better than most people with it's yes
it's
I think that's the style of game you
know yeah a quarter sucka fucking dig
the soundtrack to still not as hard as
ninja gaiden one but well but a few
things are
Oh way down these might be spikes yeah
this is like classic Nintendo me oh
there are spikes spikes confirmed spikes
confirmed
sorry Phoenix there were things before
that looked like spikes but they weren't
actually spikes they were like to
confirm they were evil tentacles
overeating Wonderful's these look like
spikes so maybe they're like long blades
but we're just seeing them through the
side that's too deep
how is that different than spikes blades
like a razor blade like a with thin long
edge just we're saying them through the
side so it looks like a spike so I'm
still saying those spikes
I get that cheesy
it's confirmed there's mics damn it yeah
so siren I know you're not sir I know
that's I know I'm patronize me I'm not
I'm not sorry
not even a little bit afraid yeah yeah
yeah just about to suggest that I had to
try that one twice I mean I only tried
it once
sure oh yeah it wasn't a very good jump
sometime yeah listen not I'm not trying
to ask what bassy game or nothing I'm
not trying to rich Evans it you know
it's the way to that
oh my god Andy oh my floored
I write down things to talk about in
cases
now the magic has been wrong now now the
whole show feels artificial people know
that I've told them that before that was
one of the things I wrote down in my
notebook is I should tell people I write
things down in my notebook I run with no
notes yeah yeah yeah well that's fine
you and I or nee you're getting 100%
natural yep
natural evans coming at ya corn and you
get so fed natural rich Evans corn-fed
dad dad I don't understand the corn-fed
is interrogation yeah yeah I guess I've
never in context of what what does it
mean what does corn-fed mean I think I'm
giving us what a pass oh you got it you
can do it it's it's sitting right there
just a cheese it's staring at you it's
sitting right there because it's so
fucking hard to get yeah it doesn't need
you kinda have to prove your worth a
rich it doesn't need to fake you out
come on give me fish yeah come and get
me exactly why this cheese it and you're
just gonna let it season you want this
cheese and Jesus Jesus you think you can
get the cheese it's what is that from
Jesus arose snack items she's a tart
snack item dirt if you didn't know what
that wait no no there's a there's some
sort of internet sketch comedy in which
a character goes cheese it's cheese it's
oh she's it's and it's very strong in my
mind and I can't remember what sketch it
is and I've just seen a million zillion
internet video so if someone in the chat
have you ever watched anything by Smosh
it's like the most subscribed YouTube
channel or whatever it's it's the
largest comedy YouTube channel I never
watched anything never they have a Ruby
and I watched the trailer for their
movie ok and it looks like the worst
thing ever oh and then I got really
depressed that I found out later that it
was directed by Alex winter ok his bill
and Bill in 1000 directed movie freaks
which is amazing he directed free you
know he was in it he's in it too but he
directed them no no active it and he
just recently did a documentary about
Napster like he's a good filmmaker and
that's like oh you made the Smosh movie
is but you haven't seen the movie yet I
haven't see the movie but the trailer is
terrible
Cerebus is terrible what's the premise
the premise is like it's like the lamest
idea do you remember the Jerky Boys
movie I mean I remember that it existed
yeah well the Jerky Boys movie was like
okay these guys make comedy album oh
alright you're so knows baby they make
their giving is like oh they mean they
do prank calls how do we turn that into
a movie right it's like oh they're being
chased by the mob and they have to make
prank calls to get out of this
predicament it's like the lamest idea to
turn into a clicker to take something
and turn it into a movie that sounds
brilliant
and so the Smosh movie is like something
happens with YouTube or YouTube breaks
and most so they go to the YouTube
headquarters and they get sucked into
YouTube and then they're going to
various YouTube channels like stay tuned
in or that movie really gets sucked into
the team of course like John Ritter
classic yeah it's like it's gonna get
stuck in the TV they get sucked into
YouTube oh I was like first erected by
Ali's winters so now I feel like I kind
of have to see it
she's supposed you suppose when he made
Bill & Ted he thought he was the one who
was gonna go places
he's very candid about his place in
comparison to Keanu Reeves
he'll expect her school I like yeah you
know he's working
Smosh move he's working I mean I guess
but he's gonna know
he has another documentary this don't
die right don't fucking die now you've
gotten the cheez-its you can't die
and I see thank you everyone in chat you
are correct
did you ever see the internet sketches
David Blaine Street magic no or they
make fun of the David Blaine Street
magic eye that's where the cheez-its
thing is this feeling of including I
thank the chat for for remembering
obscure internet videos everyone burb
burb or the one person is that figured
that out
exactly yeah take me to your
administrator burp burp er don't speak
under the time I don't speak computer
computer and Rich's do if you will not
help me yeah then we fight there be beer
agreed agreed
apparently Alex winter also directed a
documentary about the Silk Road murder
trial so he's an he's an accomplished
director yeah I loved reads that movies
great I watched it one time and he used
to do a show on MTV called me o Hawks oh
it's like a sketch show same type of
humorous dreams
oh I'm guessing you've never seen please
I've never seen for either you you and I
have had a conversation about freaks
before and I confused it with like the
1950s black and white movie about
sideshow no freaks freaks brownie yeah
Reese's oh yeah yes freaks is a an
interesting interesting I I like I guess
I'm a little curious to see what Smosh
does I've never seen any other things I
know they they are like I've never heard
of them until they're the the most
subscribed to comedy channel on YouTube
shock that's not like college yours yeah
yeah who stole one of our videos once oh
yeah
what pricks I mean it's not like they
need to have any one of our videos into
their player yeah yes I'm gonna say yes
not really knowing but that that seems
like something they would steal you
think it might have been the
Transformers oh we confirmed they were
getting the the ads for that yeah it was
not it was not the YouTube player it was
there it was their play yeah you can do
it you can do it rich
but you know good for Smosh we ain't
hatin on Smosh unless the movie sucks
then we can hate the premise for the
movies
the premise for the movie is terrible
but there could be the first thing I
thought it was the dirty boys it's like
this is taking something that is not
intended to be a feature film and trying
to work that premise into yes it was I
mean the Jerky Boys in general got old
after like one bit sure they have their
stick that's fine I I washed that when I
was like so horribly sick I couldn't
change the channel oh no like cable late
one night and I was just horribly ill
yeah oh I think you're going somewhere
with that no you just reuse just really
upset because he couldn't change the
channel oh it's like sickest I've ever
felt in my life
and yet I'm watching the Jerky Boys
movie i'm sure didn't help
boom
have either of you seen orphan black no
no okay well then fuck I did just start
watching orange is the new black oh
that's a quality show yeah yeah it's got
a really weird tone it's like it's not a
gritty prison drama it's not a straight
comedy it's like a really funny drama no
way can describe a real people I mean
drum yeah that does not seem like it
would go together this is this is a step
up from the I monster by the way yeah I
noticed an hour you seem to be doing a
lot more dying on this one yeah Lisa
really enjoys orange is the new black
but orphan black if you're into sexy
ladies and sci-fi premises I've heard
the name I don't know anything about
it's pretty fucking good the in the
pilot in the first episode a lady oh
yeah yeah oh well I'll do it cuz I have
a
you're not so I don't page I'm sorry
that's from Cheech and Chong movie it's
Paul Reubens I don't know which one so
the pilot episode of orphan black
this lady is down on her luck and on a
subway train track she sees someone that
looks exactly like her and then the
person who looks exactly like her throws
herself in front of the train and she
steals her identity because she looks
exactly like each other and then sci-fi
entry happens
what is this on Amazon Prime it's I'm
sure it's not in another channel first
but I don't have watches anything on TV
anymore so you do it nice I just got
through season 1 in this fucking
fantastic first like after the first
like hi premise episode 1 it like the
next two episodes are kind of flat but
then well pizzaz we here
space hi Sawyer oh space level it seems
we are going to fall into final frontier
you seem to be getting more raisins do
not hate on that you cannot hiding on
moon I am come to your base all right
before the silver I nicked all your base
are belong to me before he kills the bad
guy do you think yep all your base are
belong to B I'm calling it okay oh my
god oh he's just checking to see if he
was that racist no no I was turning on
the twitch app on my phone oh but the
volume was off oh my god the rich did
you see that what the the dog the
Diamond Dogs I saw my have his face
on the other side
I was those kind of a gimme well I'm
okay with that
well as soon as I we've missed out
missed a couple is this the four is this
we fight Oh everyone has a space helmet
on how adorable
except for you you don't have a space
salad
that's why you get cut now cuz I'm gonna
jump here's something that's true I
guess you're in space you should
probably wear one ninjas don't you they
can breathe they can be the same magic
all right
they have the breath technique technique
it'll be fine for hours the breath
technique yeah is that what it's called
yeah really appropriate
counting this world there are three
before you beat the game oh okay
and we will try to get through this
level then and then move on what three
did I missed all worlds three yeah three
worlds left I do want to get to some
other games tonight
okay I'm just assuming I can't hit that
thing my Thord yeah you know you also
don't have a sword you have a karate
chop
is it a sword or is it a karate job nice
assumed he was taking the sword out of
somewhere it looks no I think that's
motion okay
i iced lizards visibly showing the
motion of his arm is it is that a sword
or a karate chop these are important
safe stations have soars right no we're
not gonna play more rocket League though
we want to look at the trunk game that's
a trek game rich and I have been a
little obsessed with it it might be the
greatest game ever oh we're at the
halfway point again that's good to know
Oh rich you are right it's a magic sword
he summited his summited he sees
somebody he's some dude someone gave him
it hey you know he's some bit a little
bit of it something it's imagine so it's
a magic sword he summons it with his
slices
according to iced lizard no that may he
made the game no you're right you can't
tell me how to interpret a work of art
that's true because you're kind of I
guess so suck it which is bullshit I'm
definitely in the authorial intent camp
when it comes to interpreting a work
one can't oh yeah but I think if the
author didn't intend it you're just it's
just something you're pulling out of
your ass yeah but and it's worthless no
no no it's your interpretation and
that's fine and even if the author
disagrees like he an author can have a
different intent than how you view it in
your view is wrong in my view no no
there's no there's no wrong way to view
art sure there is that I disagree with
there can't be a wrong way to be
No but the idea of getting something out
of a piece of art that the creator did
not intend is not isn't that what I was
nothing morally that's not what I'm
saying but I mean there's what I hate
like I'm thinking of that room 237
documentary where people are just coming
up with insane stupid theories about the
shiny okay where it's like no that's
just dumb that's going it's the same
thing
author didn't intend it pulling it out
of your ass
it doesn't matter of what you're pulling
out of your ass is slightly crazier or
not I think I think there's varying
degrees i I think it's kind of got to be
an all-or-nothing thing here because
even even if it is like even if you find
it dumb like you know it's it's okay if
people national person would find the
stuff in room 237 don't finish that
thing oh yeah
parts of it were amusing yeah but for
the most part just a bunch of idiots it
was also the execution of it too it's
like you don't see anybody it's just
footage with all these voiceovers like I
hated that
Oh as someone who is saying I see you
Chernobyl kinsmen Jim Nobel it's an it's
an R and an end just throwing that out
there
Chernobyl kinsman yes sorry apparently I
butchered your name all the time and
that's just gonna happen thank you for
for correcting me
I will butcher names Chernobyl kinsman
yeah I think you're right
the Scarlett XJ just needs to open his
mind a little bit you know man it's just
like have you ever wondered man or it's
like what if the movies our reality and
we're living right what if z80 really
spelled dog that's the one funny joke
and Revenge of the Nerds - yep oh yeah
that's no curse that's where they're all
saying money line at allmovie where did
you where did that come from your brain
I just I don't know I always remembered
it cuz it was like did you recently
watch no it's just always stuck with me
nice there's a cheese enriched no
pressure I think I know what to do
okay pulling it off won't necessarily be
easy but I think I know how to get it
sure the the Vulcan superhero wants to
know in general what type of music do we
listen to rich random stuff I like yeah
yeah Friday if I had to if I had to pick
favorite bands and I have very few bands
just because they've got bad song genre
like let's say you know you're I can't
do that I just I just can't I would the
answer would probably be none yeah you
Stella's in a music that really Wow I'm
quite fond of the doors okay most
everything the doors have ever done yeah
and Nirvana oh alright I think you've
said that before and I was surprised
last time you said it too
okay when you're doing shit what do you
like listening to oh man lately I've
been on a kick of synth wave stuff okay
synth wave yeah it's like a hit buttons
I'm running it so a what sample search
like synth away playlists on YouTube
I've been listening to well been doing
space cup visuals it seems appropriate
okay but it's like you know like 80 some
type stuff mostly instrumental oh and
it's not even like a like a nostalgia
like Oh corny eighties music I genuinely
like the sound of it
so that's why I've been listening to a
lot lately but in general yeah I don't
really have I mean in high school I was
really into punk rock it's got all that
but not so much now like I like old New
Wave stuff I like the blues quite a bit
you like the balloon I do like the
interest never heard you listen to the
boys well that's not good music to
listen to on your plate doing visual
effects or like throwing a party yeah I
wanted to hear that it just it's this
this is new Jim Bowen information I
think it was since high school and you
know what I am the Blues Brothers to
thank for getting me into it those
posers know that's how I kind of got
into it and learned about a lot of stuff
from there and discover new stuff on my
own
Oh normal gravity but but I'm not I
don't know why there's no like specific
genre all right my favorite genre of
music is the Talking Heads they go about
that that's that's a correct thing to
say and I really enjoy most the time
when I'm listening to music it's when
I'm doing stuff like visual effects and
so I really like electronic music so I
had time mostly because it it can be
ignored and that's that's great music to
put on in the background you're doing
effect stuff Daft Punk is great although
next time you're doing it look up a
simple wave playlists on YouTube yeah
let me know what you think
listen this is happening totally into it
this is happening
oh god I also really enjoy the hip hop
the hip ''tis and the hoppity's and
and girly pop music and I'm not being
ironic
Oh
stuff like stuff like Katy Perry fucking
love it
kids oh my god first of all crass but
like like kind of indie girly pop like
I've been listening to a lot of Sylvan
Esso lately it's really amazing and like
a lord within lord I love fucking lodges
I just the only thing I know about Lord
is that she fucking ruined everybody
wants to rule the world
I just ever album I like it I'm a bigot
and she fucking what you did well just
don't listen to that one because
gravity's going this way
and gravity puzzles fuck yo gravity
so you can walk back but you can't jump
back well that's the treadmill most
heading that direction oh Jesus
the treadmill weren't walking back I
couldn't have gone back you just got
jumped forward I gotta stop before it's
too late
alright or do that
nope nice
yes
oh I got distracted by the cheese it I
you know what I haven't seen that Lord
South Park episode I'm sure it's very
funny
oh yeah it's like Stan's dad is actually
bored
yeah I'm sure it's very funny I haven't
kept up with South Park that's the thing
I used to love it I mean that I'm sure
it's still fine I just haven't watched
it oh yeah they usually put out quality
stuff I just saw someone new type i am
lorde yayaya that was the joke from the
episode Ritchie getting done um are you
losing your mojo you need some words of
encouragement like yeah you can do it I
believe in you concentration okay ah
dammit you can do it
South Park is hit or miss yeah you know
I mean it's usually there's at least one
funny thing in every South Park
I'm just amazed that they've been able
to continue doing the show for as long
as they have under the circumstances
that they make it yeah I don't know if
it's still on Netflix but if anyone has
not seen what's it called six days to
air boom I bet the documentary about
them putting together an episode of
South Park it is ridiculous read I'm a
clear concise - in such a short amount
of time yeah listen I'm not you don't
have to do it I'm wearing how I would
write jeez it's our important but you
know Jesus aren't life what if you're
starving is death
she just might very well be life Joe
yeah
that's a tricky question someone that
someone is saying how is this more fun
than 101 spikes I didn't I personally
didn't hate 101 spikes but this isn't as
hard is that it's not as hard and it
like this seems a little more the
controls are a little more forgiving
wearing 101 spikes you have to be so
precise every millimeter you know every
every tiny little movement has to be
exactly your timing with everything that
was going on around you had to be insane
- yeah and so this is al it's a little
more fluid and it gives you a little
room to - correct if you make an error
and so that's what makes it a little
more fun not saying no yeah I really I
did not much care for her once Mike's
ejected I was fine it wasn't my favorite
game
and I beat it I beat Onderon 801 that
spikes
I got snake
that's a good question Phoenix they want
to know rich how you plan on sleeping
tonight knowing that you gave up on that
cheese in probably pretty good yeah okay
Oh God nice oh my god
rich is losing it a little bit that's
okay you're saying one more section I
once we get to the end like you know the
end of this section that's when I was
ready to call it but if you got to do it
earlier you know it's for your sanity
what we what we play next might ruin
what's left of your sanity so you know
save a little bit cuz I guess what I'm
saying save a little mental capacity
four-fingered
next we're gonna play a game called
fingered it's pretty involved as he size
up the prequel to Freddy got fingered it
is it is absolutely you can do it
I saw Freddy got fingered in the theater
what the fuck is wrong it was the most
amazing experience because did everyone
leave it was no well some people laughs
yeah some people most people who sat
there in dead silence they open and then
there was lots of like uncomfortable
groaning like yeah that was such an
amazing theatrical experience that
sounds exactly right was that just
another one of Tom Green's practical
jokes against the audience is that
pocket the movie itself I think as a
joke I I've never been able to figure
out that movie I'm fascinated by it
um what is it steam Jack what is the
trick here what is that
something's going on that's weird I
weird and I don't like it I don't think
there is a trick then swing the sword
makes you fall off the pipe does that
true yes oh well then there's your trick
what did you just press down no I don't
know
might open us I don't know why why do
you do anything rich
what
oh so it only affects the gravity when
you touch the arrows slice that eyeball
I don't know if Jays gonna be able to
answer that question but Jay yes
hypothetically Marvel has it is inviting
you to direct Jesus a cat one of their
comic book movies okay what comic book
do you choose
I don't know if it'd have to be
something like obscure and weird yeah
cuz like I Howard the Duck but I would
record the duck movie sure let's go with
that
there you go let's go with Howard the
dun dun they just brought back Howard
the Duck I would request a budget of
$25,000 and that's it $25,000 yes not
including your feet
no that's including mine that's funny I
would just get a large percentage of the
kickback the profits of the movie oh
sure you'd get a larger cut of the toy
line yes yeah nice
nice nice i dodging yeah
remember
by the well right by the way Gulliver no
no by the well by the well this helmets
are a really nice touch
that's adorable yeah agree just say an
effort to the cheez-its I think that's
fine rich you don't have to
oh you've gotten pretty far now not to
freak you out or anything yeah sure but
also I'm trying to psyche out a little
bit trying to psyche me out oh this is
you know a couple levels away from the
boss a couple levels we're gonna try to
get to this boss before rich loses his
mind I like that go a ghoul what I like
that I like to bounce off the wall stuff
with the arrows
meat that's fun that's fun level design
Oh God oh fuck gosh shit
which you are fucking ninja you don't
even know well you know I said that was
a very difficult thing to do here I just
need to stop calling you a ninja because
I think last time I called your ninja
you did the same thing
oh I haven't I have not seen Bob's
Burgers yet Messina neither so many
people have recommended it to me and
I've never watched it
I've seen one episode it was funny
did you ever get tired he's a ninja and
he's not real it goes along with his uh
breath-holding ninja spelling or is
every time he dies is he actually a new
ninja
there you go that's why you never gets
tired it's a new consciousness yeah with
the memories
oh my god
ninja ninja rich burped out of existence
for a moment there that's fine that's
fine
J have we talked about ant-man yet you
and I
I'm holding long awaited ant-man
conversation
oh no I even remembers that movie
anymore honestly I was having some
troubles for a moment I didn't too soon
to talk about any oh oh you're playing
the game still what did you think of
ambien I don't I didn't watch your half
in the bag on it's a big old shrug of a
movie it was fun what'd he say yep -
your voice has to go up at the end yeah
hi yeah I wish I do wish there was more
to talk about with him there really
isn't a whole lot no it was fine I
enjoyed it I enjoyed how small-scale
yeah you know like the heist aspects of
it I liked all of the ant-man II stuff
yeah that stuff was creative they were
writing me a funny I Shrunk the Kids yep
I didn't the the one part of about it
that that bothered me a lot was
Evangeline Lilly's thing or lack of or
lack of a thing to do yeah and it like I
get it that that was like the quasi gag
it's like she's clearly more more oh
prepared to be ant-man
yeah it wasn't a very well development I
think most of that movie I was picturing
what it would be like if I go right did
it yes sir that would be more apparent
that that's the joke you know but it
even seemed like what I was waiting for
at the end was for her as a character to
like have a need to get in the suit and
prove her worth to her father
right but that's what it that's what it
seemed like it was building up to she
was you know they have Ant Man in the
ant-man costume at the end of the ad man
well sure he can get back in the Casa
but you know oh they weren't gonna give
her anything to do yeah but he hinted at
given or something to do in a future
okay mate
maybe we'll let the girls play sometime
is basically there was no dumb romantic
subplot like clearly something was
happening between them but we never saw
it like at the end of the movie when
Michael Douglas opens the door and I'm
like kissing or whatever yeah that's
like any sort of romance is completely
off camera yeah yeah that's fine that's
fine it was just frustrating cuz it was
just like as a character I you know Paul
Rudd didn't have an arc he's kind of the
same throughout the whole thing it's
like isn't that the Scott Lang character
in a nutshell what isn't that isn't that
the comic book new current ant-man isn't
that he doesn't have he's just aunt Matt
now because they made ant-man a wife
beater so they have to have a new
ant-man
well they set up earlier in the movie
that like he's not there for his
daughter
well he wasn't there for his daughter
because he was in prison sure but then
his wife his ex-wife is like you gotta
prove yourself right everybody crews
themselves and you come ant-man because
you hear that all you deadbeat dads be
ant-man become an ant-man
well but you know like they alluded at
some sort of like how he doesn't like
follow through his stuff yeah
but it's the whole end climax takes
place in her bedroom
yeah super heroics yes man should be
like like fire ants like army ants like
there should be thousands of ant men and
they just swarm all over the bad guy I'm
tearing apart a little tiny chunks oh I
was talking enough so I guess there were
it's oh no it's just go like little
chunks of the movie were missing and I
don't know if that was necessarily like
an Edgar Wright thing changes oh yeah
also I didn't think it was terribly
funny
no I told Rudd isn't given a whole lot
to do
no very Paul Rudd II which is my OC
Caston exactly
the only very like generic everyman
through most of the movie the oh there's
two good gags in the movie and both of
them are in the trailer the the Thomas
the Tank Engine wide chat reveal oh yeah
that's a very funny joke and the I'm not
gonna steal stuff anymore I'll help you
oh yeah what do you need me to do I need
you to steal stuff that's it those are
the only funny gags in the movie well
ends just like Adam McKay was punching
up the comedy script oh really what the
fuck was he doing
well just cause he wrote stuff doesn't
mean it ended up in the final murder
sure that's true nice
yeah
oh Jesus Christ there has to be a
basketball ranch that was so close
there's almost a one-and-done
Fantastic Four documentary in the dunes
oh no there's not a very no I don't know
I want to see it so bad it would have
perfect timing if they had it out in
time for the new Fantastic Four and I'm
like what's holding them up I don't know
it or not they're still an amine or what
I wonder if there's a if there's any
sort of rights issue I want to see a
documentary about the new Fantastic
discussion I think you got cut out
mm-hmm oh yeah it was it that bad uh
it's it's not that it's bad and said
it's not a finished movie yeah like like
there's interesting stuff in it but you
like every it's so obvious the reshoots
because uh-huh
sue storm for the rishis cut her hair
after the initial shoot so for the
reshoots she's wearing a wig and it's
like samurai cop level like these wig
really so you every time you know when
it's a reshoot like you can just tell
and I'm less than a second half is
reshoot
oh no I want to see it it's I want to
through the way I think I think when we
talk about it sounds more interesting
than actually as the movie itself sort
of dull no I I don't think it's the
worst thing ever like people are
reacting to it okay
I didn't I just think it's not I think
it's kind of a unfit
mess sure there's all like oh yeah the
disaster is shoot like I want to see a
documentary ball yeah sure
but even like what I from what I've
heard from the movie again you know like
famously the director of the movie has
started like speaking ill of who put it
out Fox yeah and he was just like if you
guys could see my comedy the movie
started getting bad reviews he made it
tweet right and then deleted it
immediately but from what I've heard
also just like I don't I don't know if
that would have mattered
like his cut of the movie or whatever at
least his version of the movie would
have been a consistent movie it's not
the appropriate tone or style for a
Fantastic Four movie but at least it
would have been cohesive yeah like a
solid story they can read talking about
Fantastic Four I guess I should say
potentially I have no idea it could have
been a disaster it's all sure sure but
the stuff that was clearly his in the
final movie I thought was the most
interesting stuff it doesn't work as a
Fantastic Four movie but has its own
thing I've ever seen
oh no it's sort of like it was a bad
idea to do Fantastic Four in that derive
take it in that direction
hmm it was a bad idea to second-guess
him after you Greenwood his scripts
please happy to shoot him yeah that is a
bad idea to reshoot half the movie
that's something I will never understand
yeah from a foremost studio perspective
we're like we love this script make this
you know once he starts doing it what do
you do so it sounds like it was just
everybody was in the wrong
yeah everybody involved with that movie
yeah yeah but I would love to see a
documentary about
twenty years we get one right Oh
Robo squid now
shit look
but the first ball bouncing he's a
regular squid and now we're now on the
same squid he's just a cyborg okay
the dialogue definitely seems up why he
is the same Oh
nope not even a little bit the ridge no
oh god what happened
Wow there's no floor there's no flooring
yeah I knew that but I was jumping I hit
jump Oh didn't hit it hard enough got
jump ha ha - boy
Salus worse do you do you yes I do great
just this guy you know wants to know
what's left on my lists of things to
talk about not nothing well there's the
only thing left is about Batman Arkham
Knight which I need to talk about with
rich and he's playing right now so leave
the DLC no not the DLC I mention that a
little bit well I did I downloaded the
new DLC well I have the season pass and
the new our community DLC the worst part
of the Arkham Knight game to catch up
anyone who doesn't know is the driving
sections and there's these awful parts
of the game our Batman has to drive on
in the elaborate race course because
that's what Batman is best known for
right you want him to be like drive on
like upside down racecourse right and so
like the team operate teams up with Dale
Earnhardt jr. - stop stop the NASCAR
bandit oh I'm sure that's been pitched
at one point and so some new DLC was
coming out and it was being made by the
people who made the original game like
we got the Batgirl DLC yeah but that
wasn't made by rocksteady that was made
by a different company right so
Rocksteady is making some DLC everybody
gets excited until oh sure sure and they
still would like to use the same code
and textures ah but just not made by
thank you okay but the rock city's
making this new DLC everyone gets
excited until we find out what it is
which is - new race courses we get Hank
nobody likes we get we get 89 Batman
though we get a new the 89 Batmobile
oh the Tim Burton Batmobile and the Tim
Burton Batman outfit yes but you can
only use the Tim Burton Batmobile in the
race in a special race courses not in
the rest of the game there is something
yeah so fuck you I played it a little
bit today just because like I already
bought the season pass oh you know I get
it and it's just a dumbass racecourse
there's in no way a Batman thing race
car game because it's the third or a
technically fourth Batman game in the
series and they're afraid of the same
thing yeah they needed to escalate it in
some way and somebody at one point made
a tank game and I already had the code
for that in there and they decided to
make it seventy percent of the game yeah
yeah but it's still good game because
good story so good
if that's not the most surprising part
dude it did it did it did it
it's good tips kicking my ass well yeah
as he should
I do just like it that like fuck that
squids momentum he's coming at you full
force spinning all his tentacles and
you're just like no
oh fuck you
bilikiss is you can use 89 Batmobile in
the open world you just have to clear
all the drones first because the 89
Batmobile doesn't turn into a tank does
amaze doesn't matter it's race courses
we don't want race courses we want more
fighting
and they're not giving us more fighting
until next month you can clear all the
drones they don't just keep spawning
yeah yeah eventually you never even
bothered to try I know that oh yeah if
you have to clear all the you know you
have to be the deaths drummer and you
can clear all the drones and get rid of
all the bombs you know all that stuff
and the watchtower is all that
I know you were more interested in the
main story yeah but I I a hundred
percent did all the side missions except
for the stinky
Oh ice lizard rich nose rich now is that
when they're blinking they're
invulnerable squids just too fast for me
we're just having trouble this pattern
yeah you can do it there you go take it
easy
yeah
boom nice nicely done that was Ric Flair
worthy no more delayed Here I am going
all right okay all right okay we're
gonna finger give fingers set up we're
gonna get that Seto first let's think
some subscribers let's think some
subscribers then we'll get your finger
set up all right let's see here
twigs ink perfect dark Critch Todd 2k
great Crichton Crichton 2k ho asshole
limas Berrigan spli miss is there any
questions yes like who the fuck would
call themselves realest taboo hook on a
powerful raindrop and real means real
digital I'm a double digital I'm a devil
no digital did you know digital demo
devil digital DW digital demi devil
let's just see how many we can fuck up
your font it's like it's like one I have
two kids oh my god damn Mike I can't
change the fun I can't change the fun
I'm sorry
Krieger 783 Wilkins the cloud ragged
scribe vodka gimlet gimlet gimlet
there's not as like pronounced like
French or something Oh Jim lay empty H
Killroy mix Punk collecting data baffle
Potamus flushy patch and hunchback jack
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we do
all right we're gonna take it up small
break and and we'll be back with fingers
this has been mute crimson plus if you
have any questions talk to ice blizzard
games they'll answer a question sure you
sound Lisa T talked about the big
blizzards there's a fuckin mouth
