Episode 196
Fingered
September 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3shJdsLpZ3I
___________________________________________

all right finger did plus fingers right
hi everybody how's everybody we're back
so there a lot has changed in the five
minutes that you were gone
after the game came on it quickly became
apparent to me that they made fingered
in the crime solving since Isis or the
crime I I had no idea
yeah no possible they could have been
going for some kind of crass humor you
know I I believe it's a purposeful mm
tone double entendre like Freddy got
fingered Freddy got fingered was their
first just games just a ripoff Tom Green
I've never seen Freddy got fingered he
gets figured for a crime is that no no
how so I think that's what it's going to
be known times room I never assumed that
oh really
yeah cuz I think most people would not
assume that a suit a big studio would
release a film that's talking about
fingering in the title in that in a
sexual way no have you seen anything of
Tom Green's before yeah well sure I had
but I'm just thinking like a general
audience going to see a comedy movie I
don't know okay
I don't know how to play the game I know
you might want to click on start
oh you I the the only reason I know
about this game is because Edmund
McMillen
one of the creators of Super Meat Boy
and binding advise you would like to
finger who I was
yeah maybe maybe just hug it doesn't
have to be fingering not at first
we'll see where it goes up to it isn't
I'm saying natural and James it'd we
know James cuz he made
the commercials for Super Meat Boy and
Binding of Isaac and is a it's a very
strange filmmaker and they made this
game so let's click start let's see what
happens okay basic bomber basic Bob day
one no itself must buy dog collar
positive indefinitely clues mean the
witness is 100% sure positive and
definitely ok ok I'm positive he looked
tall ok what constitutes tall I'm
they're all pretty tall they're all over
six feet okay except for him he's not
release we can release him oh yeah I'm
positive
all right I mean they're still friendly
tall in my book but we'll see we'll see
ok - I'm positive he looked rich all
right so the hobo goes the guy with a
crown Stace yeah he's got a sign this
his help yeah it's no no it's the crown
guy maybe we get more points for doing
it early it's it's the crown guy Jack
it's the crown guy finger him executed
I'm gonna assume it gets harder the more
you finger you should update the words
above the video cuz I want to see what
sort of joke you I did if you click
refresh I have to or did I not update
once it gets harder you're not really
going to be fingering
I updated this dream okay next case
nearsighted man oh no think clues will
only be correct 60% of the time
oh this is tutorial mode okay
I'm positive he looked like he lost his
hair okay okay
something two bald guys yeah well but
what if that's like a wig looks like
hold onto him
this guy has a lot of we can really say
I think you're overthinking on the wig
but okay I could technically technically
they gonna all be good wigs yeah but
like look at look at you know he's got
like the patches looks like I understand
okay Oh despicable dolfe wrinkled will
he has hair so get rid of him right yep
he's losing get him out of here
I don't know I never know I'm positive
he looked he looked he hadn't what he
has money so not the help guy oh no did
we release someone wrong I'm positive he
looked tall I think he did not look like
me what what you know what you look like
what my battery didn't bling-bling
Bilbo has money and Despicable Dolph the
guy's name is bling bling yeah and he
looked rich and he looked at all
so yeah it's probably bling bling let's
finger going bling a war finger in you
why are you smiling
can you poke him we could he was guilty
soon if you get it wrong the newspaper
will say something like innocent man
I assume wrongfully executed or
something bigoted Barney okay well we
know thinking positive would they be no
so he definitely did not look like he
bathes too much so clean so he's clean
I'm positive he looked like a lard ass
so he's a clean fat guy I think he
looked like my paw oh so he he might be
older he definitely did not look ugly
and that's a judgment call I mean but if
he's racist he might think that black
people are ugly
right I don't they all look pretty ugly
yeah they all look kind of ugly well if
he said he looks like my paw he'd be the
pink one the pink one there's only a 60%
chance of that being a thing let's let's
actually start ruling these out from the
first clue let's get the positively in
the definitely he definitely did not
look like he bathed so who looks filthy
let's see here
the god of zero looks pretty clean mmm
I'm calling him clean wait so he if he
did not look like he bathes too much
that means we're looking for a dirty
person
yep yes so here zero get rid of zero
okay nasty nasty Norman nasty it's all
the nasties cam cams yep
stubby and bulky okay
I'm positive he looked like a lard ass
oh that's bulky okay right they all kind
of look fat except for maybe nasty
oh no he look he's really good yeah so
we can get rid of him yes release he's
thin - yeah oh yeah you can see his
waist a little bit okay daddy
I think he looked like my paw so I'm
gonna say he doesn't 60% chance none of
them gave his ball so that's it's kind
of a useless clue right he definitely
did not look ugly I'd say get rid of the
black guys right but he's cuz he's
racist so he would think that black
people look ugly unless were
overthinking it but that's that sounds
right to me so then it's my way out so
they make him racist if they're not
gonna use that gameplay at all I'm right
there Massey comes up in different
circumstances with different characters
something with a randomizer just didn't
matter this time around I don't know
and he definitely did not look ugly I'm
going with three pink three but what do
I know
I'm can't but you know he calls him
definitely fun all right well as far as
ugliness goes hatch it in the head and
green ogre that's not coming out of his
nose retainer yeah it's not good enough
three is the the least ugly one there
yes okay you want a finger on Carl
unkempt UNK I think it's I think it's
you know ramping up the difficulty day
for Negative Nancy she's always so
negative before make sure be sure you
inspect every person in the lineup
before you finger someone yeah he
definitely did not look ugly I hate that
one yeah well except for bandage girl
look at that what's good what everyone
who's like nasty except you have
reference to what they are yeah so
that's so hottie Hugo yeah right did not
look so it could be hottie gentle George
W Steve so nasty Negro National League
but he's nasty maybe he's just I'm is
gross gross gang yeah get out of here
okay
you definitely did not look so wait one
it's definitely not bad so not fat
yeah so if we have a fad to give her a
stubby Steve stubby Steve Levy Steve's
Fanny okay
I think he's the only one obviously okay
let's see he definitely did not look
totally old George kind of looks old
mustache and he definitely did not look
dark I'm going with the zero yeah he
could be old also is he he sub bandage
brandy should be able to go right yeah
did not look ugly so maybe not nasty
Neal did not look fat oh yeah nice thing
that's kind of fat a little fat not
Popeye arms yeah but you know like
compared to this waist this waist is
bigger yeah I think hotties yeah howdy
Hugo
howdy Hugo did it get him in the chair
disgusting
yeah all right I almost the whole game I
think this is the whole game oh my god I
do kind of want to fail one just to see
just to make sure that you can fail
it'll happen oh I'm sure
oh he's usually wrong Tim dan oh it's
bad if you send two innocent people to
the electric chair
good to know that's a really good note
try harder to not kill people think he
looked real up hi
possibly tall yeah I'm positive he
looked to not miss favorite one weight
number as a turn-on
yeah okay so we got to get rid of him
right or her I hate Harlan hobo
get out of here that guy's got shit on
his face all right clean four I'm orange
but clean I think howdy Hank is
apparently hottie but he has a piece of
shit on his on his hair is that supposed
to be like a patchy beard what if one of
the clues is definitely had shit on his
head
funny it's positive you don't happen do
you have to finger somebody it's the
question oh that's a good question
misunderstood Martin and haughty hair
all rights next I'm positive he looked
ugly Oh Bo Hektor here and this one is a
dapper
let's is that steppers like not
necessarily looks that's how you dressed
right that's cleanliness I'm sticking
Deb Deborah's queen okay so but get rid
of hottie here hi here okay get out of
here Harold you definitely did not look
like a no did not look like a no hair so
three is gone
wait what it's a double positive so he
had he had hair oh yeah but isn't this
there that's beard yeah that's it
that doesn't count that doesn't count
how do you know he is there he's a head
on well we don't know but we he looks
bald honey why do you think three is
bald
why do you think he's both he has a head
on other than the other than the beard
that's like skin under the bed weird hat
flap thing isn't it
no I think it's pink like a skin oh that
looks like it's part of the Hat though
let's go back to the other clues I think
he looks real up high these kind of 60%
chance it's five right yeah threes the
shortest side say we can get rid of
three well that's only that's not a sure
think think I'm positive he looked not
messy this is dapper type of what the
negative shit here double negatives
negative I think what Simone
that's the point and we have
misunderstood and Martin
dapper and who's this hobo at the table
well hobo was not he looked not messy I
hope it would be messy so get rid of
hobo maybe he looked he doesn't look
messy but I think the names are a big
part of it too though yeah I think I
think you're right so your acquaintance
homelessness with big mess yeah yeah
you're not regular we don't have access
to her because you see you'll be staying
at a shelter definitely didn't he
definitely did not look like a no he's
got hair demo and we could see her on
his number one yeah yeah number one
looks clean to me was the number one is
a ho is your right but the hobo does
look clean I'm positive he looks and not
messy wait buddy
this is dapper and you said dapper is
cleanliness I'm gonna say yeah not
ugliness was what I'm saying
in fact ugly well threes the ugliest one
this one yeah three is pretty ugly
that's just my personal opinion I don't
know what what our character things
this person has a chip on their head is
that like a piece of bread how it is
then I'm going with five you think it's
you think five did let me see the
clothes I positive the tallest
definitely did not have hair or not not
have here what was that again he
definitely did not
she's definitely got hair who's got hair
hard to tell weren't a hat but he has a
big beard I don't think I met her she
doesn't you don't think that man but he
might have hair may or may not we don't
really know okay I'm positive one
definitely as here yeah the other two
might have hair so that's kind of
useless except unless we're talking
about beard hair those let us hit one
right
hit one is I think he looks really bad
that's kind of you somebody useless but
it does point towards five yeah okay I'm
positive he looked clean clean he looks
fine he looks fine three he's wearing a
box but his name's is a death that's
true
I don't know realize he was wearing a
cardboard box I don't know what to make
of all I don't know either I'm positive
he looked ugly but one one looks the
least ugly to me yeah I'm ruling out one
okay okay he definitely did not look
like a no hair has her as their that one
so for hip four is useless right okay
hint one points kind of maybe towards
five yo so two and three will have four
two and three not messy and ugly
let's take care of not messy yeah so we
have misunderstood Martin dapper dingus
and hobo Hector hobo would imply some
some degree of messiness right yeah
and Tiberius Kirk is right though it did
say that like dim Dan does say incorrect
things but I think that's is that just
this or does that mean like I think
that's just what the thinks yeah
the toriel clearly said that the
definite and positive things were 100%
right
there's otherwise you have no way to
determine what was sure or not and it's
useless good chad is saying one eye I
think I think one I think what is ruled
out my my eye I'm waiting I'm waiting 5
and 1/3 is like you mentioned wearing a
cardboard box so he's he's messy I'm
with you I think it's 5
I think it's chip head or whatever that
is let's finger him all right
a were finger and you buddy they make
you pull the trigger to who was it
it's better him than us right evil Eddie
only half-truths
you can't kill everyone right you're not
trying hard enough I think he did not
look wealthy positive he looked ugly he
definitely did not look like a hippie
and I think he looked manly okay so
let's get rid of tie-dye shirt man he
did not definitely definitely did not
look like a hippie right double check
that definitely did not look like a
hippie okay you're out of here
he's holding up the peace sign they all
look like dirty hippies that's the
problem is like when they say he didn't
look ugly like with this artwork style
yeah it looks ugly yeah the artwork
needs to do a better job of making it
clear of what traits are supposed to be
what traits yeah I'm gonna say real up
for because they're throwing out the
peace sign do you think I don't throw
another flower in the hair that's hit me
yes clear hippie behavior this one to
them yeah their flower in the hair oh
yeah all right let's see here I'm
positive he looked ugly so this is
hottie get rid of get rid of Patti get
rid of hottie chains clifford fem bang I
mean I would say that FEM Fang is pretty
and nasty Nelson is definitely ugly but
I was like look at fenfang he's got a
hair the curly mustache painted nails
it's kind of a pretty dude did not look
like a hippie and so then now these are
our 60% errs I think he did not look
wealthy and I think he looked manly so
oh this is FEM yeah yeah awesome but
well these are the 60% errs sure I think
we're gonna think our best chance of
seven yeah yeah seven is seven is both
manly and not wealthy yeah that's double
60% chance
yeah hey you they were all asking for it
hold on
maybe the ugly thing is only determined
by the names maybe yeah that's her to
tell describe Steve on the opposite oh
dear God
sometimes they have small tattoos or
piercings that may give them away like
this music it's very twin Pete see it's
true so we are we taking that at his
word but he's definitely young I think
that's why they would give you that
yeah look and look all of his things are
positive so so I'm positive he looked so
old now so what that means he did not
let go
so who's old that guy's both those last
two are old
okay get out of here the same character
design actually right does differ color
I think I think all the characters are
procedurally generated all right get out
of here all these let's see if anyone
else is like an old name
grizzled necessarily old stubby q-ball
troubled with Terry and forgetful Freddy
Katan so that's all right that was like
the same all right so that so we're
looking for a dumb person
cueball stubby grizzled moneybags that
doesn't help
well you know somewhere the bottom
someone's there pot on that I'm positive
that he looked cute so that means he
didn't like it he did not like you none
of anybody is cute that's yeah that's
they need to rework the art for this mr.
work I'm positive he looked hairy so
bald guy what about the bald guy okay so
we get rid of we get rid of grizzled
gates right yes he's got hair we get rid
of stubby Sven cuz he's got here yeah we
get rid of it thank you I think beard
counts his hair by the way
I think you're turning nut because
they're not saying they're not saying
has hair on their head looked hairy how
how wrong is Jack about the hair thing
yeah like Anna on a scale of one to a
hundred
yeah how wrong what's wrong it's Jack
about the hair what's wrong is a hundred
runners what is one wrong uh a hundred
is wrong okay it's just the most wrong
so and I skills zero being not wrong at
all in a hundred being the most wrong
ever how wrong am I about Harry in this
meeting also beard ninety ninety sixty
there's some zeros in there five hundred
999 1 million they're zeros a 77010 a
nick negative 100 yeah I think yeah ok
so it's one of its one of the cue balls
cuz the positive look Harry
looks cute so that means we're looking
for an ugly person both ugly this person
might be more ugly positive he looks
smart so we're looking for someone else
glasses means smart usually oh that's
true his face looks dope
I'm gonna I'm gonna play the game and
I'm going with with with moneybags I'm
positive he looked at all so that
doesn't help us
I'm going with money back money back
that's me yeah what do you what do you
think just the smart thing the only hint
I could see of intelligence is the
glasses he's making like a dumb face
though like a derp face smiling it's
smiling what are these things what like
what it mutton-chop my ex has even less
hair moneybags does have less hair look
smart looked old so young looks older
too no we want young dumb ugly bald
I think it's moneybags yeah
let's finger moneybags I'm thinking
about one finger at you buddy
I don't
Oh
oh my god I read that too late the guy
on the right has a book oh really
oh wait oh wait is that the real person
on the right oh oh that's right there
was the guy with the pot on his head but
he has hair crazed killer oops
okay find your mug shot
oh you're yourself type in your name
it's the game gonna generate a character
that looks like you that's something you
say all the time
yeah age 10 charged is laying on a
donkey well thanks for that Jack thanks
for that I really really appreciate it
okay so now that you can type in my name
jarring Jack also aged 10 charged with
pissing off that ass yeah they the game
knows me that looks like a like a crown
of thorns like I have a Jesus crown of
thorns and a badass tattoo well so now
we got a DJ scared and some Jay watch
jagged J yeah yeah no I was charged with
worshipping goats I'm aged 24 though
yeah you guys and yeah yeah you look
genuinely pleased with yourself
Mike hi
as basic as they come
oh so you always start I think because
we killed two innocent guys we lost
million I think so I click start and
then we'll see if we get the same guys
I'm pretty sure it's gonna be ready
I hope it's random yeah these look
different now I am positive he looked
old so cool Coco has a beanie so that
means he's young yeah yeah ba means
young we're making a big assumption
there let's see we'll see I'm making a
baby so we gotta come up with something
considering that the visuals yeah needs
to be completely reworked yeah I'm
positive he looked pale so they've gone
it's three yeah well let's just
double-check that you looked ugly hello
it's everybody you know sure okay finger
nasty there
guilty man excuse great new your side a
nanny I think he didn't know who cares
about that looked really strange
everybody so far that is absolutely all
right they're all strange they're all
strange
you look meat not on look neat get rid
of all the ones with poop on their head
let's go with the names hobo Harry get
rid of hobo Harry Harry poop on that
hobo poop on ahead poop on ahead
accident
yeah that could I use another poop on
that we know that one for sure guy I'm
positive he looked like he lost his hair
Terry seem to have here I think we can
get rid of for yeah yeah three to tell
make your art clearer I know you
probably whip this game together mr.
McMillan fuck an did ya down and it all
ended McMillan in it I think I at the
cleaver in his head looks taller I'm
positive he looks really strange gotta
the cleaver is has prestress and he's
got a yeah let's do that one
misunderstood in the chair
yeah big hit party this guy he's right
it's not like that I'm positive he
looked the bald so we can get rid of all
the hair dude so this guy is a hairy
dude right maybe okay this guy's a hairy
guys definitely get out here this guy's
definitely hairy get out of here this
guy's definitely hairy dudes balls is
that bald
no it's there's some baldness cool I
think yeah keep Pete I think there's
enough baldness going on all right
he definitely did not look like a white
person that kind of narrows down he's a
racist she's a racist I think that's an
unreliable clue oh I think the racism
might be coming into play there let's
see what else we got oh I think he looks
like a giant that 60% he definitely did
not look like a twig Simmons
Tabu Tim Oh for tubby Tim get him in the
chair
you know coming from a racist I feel bad
about this so he has like a dunce cap on
yes it makes me think of like the Green
Mile I've never seen oh I know I know
I've never seen it
Shawshank Redemption might be the best
movie ever made I know it's supposed to
be great I'm sure it is I'm just never
watching I'm gonna like Frank there but
Green Green miles the little schmaltz
bud
Shawshank I know I know Jay Davis that's
one of those ones where it's like
eventually I'll get around to watching
them and you will you will love it I'm
sure the chat is gasping I know I'm
sorry they're typing Jay yes Jay you
monster ha ha ha ha
Jay you got to either get busy living or
get busy dying Jay you are in perfect
what because I haven't that doesn't make
any sense how much is this game under I
want to say it's a buck 80 this game is
$1.00 just about right for what yes this
game is a dollar eighty under $2 on
Steam all right definitely did not look
like he was bowling so hairy guy bald
bald bald arrow - 2 or 1
nomads we're getting to run everybody
that guys bought balled great all right
he definitely did not look start we
already have our suspect she was a very
good witness gusting done dim Dan is
usually wrong about something
Darryl so I do wonder if definitely one
of them yep one of the positives is not
correct yeah that's what dim Dan means
cuz I think the last dimmed and when we
and I think we killed an innocent man -
yeah so we can't just release people
this time out there all the clues first
take a look at everybody
baby face not ugly yeah we have a lot of
people who are not ugly let's see here
I'm positive he looked dark or something
you know what I think the or something
might be a clue yeah I'm going with me
or something being yeah that's the only
way that you could possibly guess yeah
okay so I'm positive he looked clean so
if we find a messy predator Allah
so there's turd on the head we gotta get
rid of him we can like this guy right
nasty man yes very nice Enoch
and so that gets rid of all the dirty
guys and then this one is I'm positive
he looked ugly so like this person has
like rosy chatty and kissy lips probably
this one too snobby - yeah he looks all
pretty icy like this one - has like
kissy lips and baby face just get rid of
baby fish okay so now we're up to dark
or something and I think he did not look
like he got some money I'm a finger
nails that could be a pretty thing
hello I'm with one even the tennis
understood Matthias yes great get him in
the chair but he's ugly hmm I don't know
if I could get this game yeah it needs
to be clue with the visual of the the
suspects yet everybody's ugly all the
time yes everybody's art yeah
alright everyone looks disheveled yeah
everyone looks ugly everyone looks dirty
baldness is apparently debatable right
and this were like convention of this
relate guess who the same pictures that
use make children how many children be
crying alright well do we want to give
it one more go or a fucking move on to
the next game oh we lost everything
because not yeah it's fucking next time
alright yeah
we get it okay good no next game this
game needs work
