Episode 197
INK!
September 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgvnlXVcxjc
___________________________________________

sure we're gonna play we're gonna play
ink let me give me a second let me
update this dream and then Jane he's
gonna play ink see how this goes Oh what
what hola
and customers
pink that's nice there's only three
letters not helping
and update and this is a controller game
this is a game that I've been looking
forward to a lot this this is a simple
platformer and the premises you kind of
have to splatter ink around the level in
order to find the level oh I hope it's
controller supported oh yeah oh this is
the game I thought there's like a
loading screen or so what Oh
it's cute Oh double jump area
jump off the water you get higher yeah
there you go
attaboy Adam you're doing it get to it
Jay
yep double jump from that high area
there we're at now yeah
oh there's the thing about I was kind of
deep just kind of neat exactly it's some
twigs ink says it's like super meatboy
but made of paint yes that's exactly
what this whole actually can get up
there yeah oh there wait okay oh my god
boop boop boop ah holy Thank You captain
if it is this is ink yeah now without
India
I don't know what that means damn it
you're right Lawson technical visit the
controller this does have Shawshank
Redemption music yes now I gotta watch
Shawshank Redemption
you really yeah I mean I know I should
have seen it by now anyway I just this
is this is the only this is the only
game besides you know ducktail MJ has
played in 25 years it's true well and
and that was an outcast oh yeah that's
right you played outlast for a little
bit which one was outlast the whore one
dozen asylum oh yeah I like that one and
co-op Wow co-op doesn't count you've had
a slew of very strange names do we want
to just go straight to the out of the
asylum game how do you get up there jump
off the wall I'm trying to do that it's
too narrow yeah like you can jump out
but then you can double jump jump back
you can come back in yes fly out jump
out and then press back in that's what
I'm doing and it just makes you fall
over it just pushes you back out it
won't let you go back yes yes trying to
get what we need to go good
see don't you ever shoot it though you
gotta learn to compensate get those
Heisenberg compensators up running what
no I think I'm already sick of this
you're a crazy person
well stupid yeah oh you're a crazy
person
j-just because you don't get the art do
we have Mario I can play the shit out of
Mario can J play pokemons there we go
god damn it
I'm scared there's gonna be yep no
ground I think that's part of the give
of the game is like just figuring out
where to go you know OOP but too far
yeah
it's cute gobbledygook says Jack I'm
guessing this game is trendy trendy it
just came out I remember reading about
it a long time ago just because I enjoy
platformers ah it's probably trendy it's
a new game does that make it trendy I
can't like frustrate I can't see this
holding my attention for long yeah I
think my problem is like I get what
you're supposed to do I think the
controls are sort of frustrating well
it's it's a more modern platformer and I
think you're necessarily used to old
platformers with highest responsive
controls yeah I think that's probably
this is like I always hated and like old
Mario games and stuff and actually maybe
it wasn't Mario but I hated all games
where there was like the ice world where
you would slide yeah you know that's
what this reminds me of like I always
thought that was the most frustrating
thing
I don't J probably wouldn't like playing
blood-borne I think J would just like to
watch blood-borne
yeah I don't have the PlayStation 4
here's my guess we're stuck the what's
on Jack's computer so no rocket League
no baby doesn't wanna play anymore yeah
I don't have the patience to learn new
controls I can the feel J's unhappiness
it's more it's not unhappiness so much
as frustration yeah yeah where it's like
I know what I'm supposed to be doing but
crying on the outside all right take
over chat with rich about stuff and
nonsense why haven't you seen the
Shawshank Redemption I don't know and
there's no I don't have any good reason
it's one of those things or it's always
been like I know I need to watch this
and I'll get around to it eventually but
I got to watch those Friday the 13th
sequels for the 27th honestly no I I do
need to watch it it's one of those it's
always like in the back like Oh someone
will remind me I need to watch it and I
say no I do and then I kind of forget
about it until the next time someone
brings it up
you know watching these controls are a
big shit okay see this is this is right
this is not necessarily J alright now I
feel I feel better no I mean not
necessarily no I mean I'm sure that it
doesn't help that I know it has a very
strange momentum about it yeah but that
was my first level too so give me a give
me a second all right give me a second
someone to do those kill you is your
brother doing
I can only assume it kills me yeah like
when you move like when you jump you go
from you go from zero to a hundred yeah
like you feels like you don't have much
control isn't that just like Super Meat
Boy I don't don't know Super Meat Boy
hasn't has a wonderful momentum like
Super Meat Boy feels very natural this
like it feels like you're moving way
faster than you should like there's
almost like no gravity
you know like gravity should slow you
going left and right as well because it
pulls you down and it feels like it
doesn't slow you down
these things seem like they'd defeat the
purpose of painting the level yeah and
they're not very dangerous right we're
still getting introduced Oh
Oh
oh you have to kill them all
something is off about these controls
Jay I'm so sorry for I'm sorry I'm glad
that it's not just me being bad at the
game I mean I know it wasn't good I feel
bad now for for doubting your gaming
abilities but no this thing does not
move like you think it would is the real
thing
and it's very frustrating
are you thank you you're so cute you're
uh sometimes programmers don't know how
to draw characters is just a square
whatever you know I know how to make
things jump I don't necessarily know how
to draw a thing
so you just an abstract thing yeah arts
I like I mean I love the concept like
just doing that to splash on the level
is so deep it's old at this point but we
should probably play a game called ish
ish it's pretty like a little thing up
physics platformer with a little cello
blog
ish
can I say dish it's an old enough indie
game that I'm not sure if you find it on
Steam
yeah you know you guys chat about one of
those I heard about when PopCap first
started up oh my god
back before pop cannabis and evil yep
yep
they make games smaller games according
to Jack why are they evil jack pop isn't
PopCap like the I'm just familiar with
the old pop cabbage so pop captain makes
now they make like microtransaction Eli
do you think that's bad that's what uh
that's what I like like cookie clicker
type game something I am good I don't
want to smoke this much
I remember bookworm I remember Peggle
remember the original plants vs. zombies
oh yeah that's pop gun
at heart same I remember Zombies Ate My
Neighbors that's quality game was that
for a Nintendo or Super Nintendo Super
okay and Genesis check by editors
everything well aren't you special I
never had a Genesis systems doesn't it
feel like you should be able yeah you
earn nothing absolutely yeah I got that
thing I got that thing I wanted
are you gonna use the defaults I feel
like okay I feel like I don't like this
game because of the controls the
controls are a big part of it like there
the idea is cool like it Sidney concept
and it looks good and I mean this is a
game that I should minimal and arty yeah
I don't I'm weighing in myself and using
me yeah and that's it's a lot of men
just mostly because the controls are
Zuma
the Frog game this is the thing with a
be shit models yeah
do i you see the marbles from the frog
yeah
it's my favorite flavor of pop-tart
that's a great question gobbledygook the
only answer to that question is s'mores
I wouldn't stop terribly yeah it's the
best fucking popular flavor we need some
kind of rocket ice to read that chapter
or normalize anything so small you know
you work lessons you've got like
built-in magnifiers well I could I was I
was unsure like the TV is also coming
out of the computer and so like we could
plug it into that but I was sure I was
on sharafan like would draw too much
power I guess I figured that rich
country rock creations I have not played
the new King's Quest game and I got to
be honest I don't have much interest in
it because it looks nothing like the old
style of Sierra games it looks like in
modern telltale game which is probably a
lot of quick time events and very little
actual puzzle solving so met
you can you can put a name of something
I like on a new product but it doesn't
mean it's gonna be like that thing I
like so
I vote people to check can't see Jack
get visibly frustrated basically all I'm
trying to do now is get my money's worth
out of the game because I'm not I want
to say it's like four or five bucks it
was not terribly bad he could have
gotten a taco
I could I could have gotten at least two
depending on my taco establish well if
you well if you want to go to Taco Bell
sure yeah
I give tacos for like fifty cents a taco
bell's just like cheap garbage they
cheap stuff cheap garbage at Taco Bell
don't be ugly a whole menu of stuff
that's like 70 cents under $1 J they're
the only restaurant that survived the
fast food Wars the greatest movie
advertising ever you know what I'm gonna
say
demolition man highly underrated movie
agree the execution might be so-so but
the premise top-notch what I always say
is that people that love demolition man
love the first half person
ah yes the teracle then the second half
is just generic action movie the satire
part that was so good to sense herself
so good yeah the first half was great I
get forward about the second half cuz
that just turns into the boring actually
tell the suspect calm down please please
put put down your weapon
Wesley's night show something they just
don't know how to handle them say it
again in an authoritative tone
add the words please put your weapon
down add the words or else I love all of
that movie even the bad action he kind
of he gets frozen and then he kind of
kicks his head off slash slash shatters
yeah
it's it's so much effort to compensate
for the shitty control or maybe that's
the game me anime it's like Octodad
it's not you to control it what it is is
I don't think it's shitty controls I
think it's I'm gonna be mean here good
I'm gonna be mean I think it's lazy
program I think that the well and what
dollar value is lazy program acceptable
exactly cuz I would say the the
Macmillan in in game we just played
fingered lazy programming not lazy
program that's lazier well that's broken
but that's part of a lazy something lazy
they see something that's an important
part of the game yes I agree
hey do you give them a pass enough this
game no no no I thought that game was
equally as frustrating because we we
couldn't play the game because of the
bad part of the game right for any for
any money amount it's unacceptable
obviously they their game was half as
expensive as this one so sometimes you
just have to stop just to stop it moving
reset
if you charge for something there is an
expected
so no they don't get pass either let me
just see yeah I'm gonna flow for this
give it to the rich is now giving this a
try
thanking Louisville or so get acclimated
do you do do you do die so part of this
game I'm sorry listen we had a grand
plan for tonight and this was part of it
so the last thing to check off my things
to talk about list I'll start talking
about it now it has to do with the game
Batman Arkham Asylum and rich and I so
slight spoiler alert for the ending of
Batman's Arkham Asylum obviously oh oh
you mentioned this once yeah obviously
it's been a while since the game is been
out so I think like we're kind of past
spoilery territories but for the next 10
minutes or so if you want to mute we're
talking we're talking about Batman the
ending specifically specifically the
100% ending not just the normal boiler
now in the end of the game back Bruce
what the world finds out that Bruce
Wayne is Batman and he blows himself
early someone blows him someone blows up
Wayne Manor
it's alluded to that Bruce Wayne
strongly fairly strongly blew up himself
as operation nightfall as part of up
because he tells Afrit alfred yeah begin
operation nightfall and then it goes to
his house and it blows up but then cut
to maybe like a year later right and the
the voice-over narrator says Batman's
gone and people have moving on and some
thugs are robbing another rich couple in
an alley and suddenly they look up on a
rooftop and they see a Batman figure and
they go yeah you know scare us know more
we know that bats dead and then the
Batman figure on the roof turns into a
smoke monster and attacks them and
there's like fire and explosions and
Batman blows up turns into a giant bat
the building is standing on also kind of
have renamed say blows up and some kind
of explosion fiery spread out missing
whole thing
Belov right this right it's it's a it's
a it's a bullshit ending and rich and I
had some theories on the ending about
what we wanted to happen and what
actually did happen but someone tweeted
at me a reasonable idea of what that
ending means because the in the entire
game the Scarecrow releases fear toxin
over all of Gotham but the only people
left in Gotham are criminals and so what
their theory is is that Batman is really
not around this is residual fear toxin
the fear of the Batman is still around
and that's what so there was nothing up
there there's no bad simple there's no
nothing it's just the Scarecrow's fear
toxin really interesting it's bullshit
though it's a hundred percent bullshit
that means that means the Scarecrow is
responsible for solving Gotham's crime
problem that that explanation is 175
percent unsatisfying yes it means Batman
and the likelihood of that being the
intended thing that's going on is like
zero zero percent that's what's going I
think that's already enough where I
believe I can see Batman using the fear
gas for his own reasons but I cannot see
that being you could see been in the
Scarecrow's warfare yes I can the Batman
mentions he's gonna need to do some
something extreme
yeah and that is obviously the extreme
thing he decides to do
my spoiler warning was for the wrong
game didn't I say argument in medicine
city or something
fucking we're pat we're past spoilers
for the game that the games been out for
how long that months what's what's
normal spoiler the tears I'm gonna say
you're wrong about the clothes it's fine
really
yeah I think Jack I think J I think
you're just not used to playing
platformers okay uh Jack I'm gonna say
you're too used to meet boy this is fun
it's not just me boy this is fine this
easier to me the meat boy what yeah
you're great no this is fine this is
100% fine I think I think you're going
full force with the controller and
you're not being subtle enough yeah no
this is fine
look at this I'm having no problems well
I see it's extreme ever see that video
on YouTube every 90s commercial ever
made oh god all easy there are spikes in
this game
ah there's invisible spikes go out and
watch every 90s commercial ever made
right now
famous youtubers speaking of famous
youtubers its smosh smosh smosh it's
brandon wall Brandon Brandon W not
Brandon Oh Freddie Freddie Wong thank
that's a brilliant name but I have no
idea
Brandon is the other guy Thank You first
Freddie Wong Brandon was the other guy
Freddie Wong what'd he do yeah I feel
like all these mistakes are me I don't
feel like the controls are fun at all
yeah yeah it's just it's it didn't feel
it didn't feel natural to me like all
the his his his his movement did not
feel this is this is worth the 5 bucks
yeah yeah so says ahthe rich this is
worth 50 the findeth coin
but I'll get achievement
Rich's nalin
so I guess Jay and I are wrong and you
know Jay camp you're wrong I have an
excuse that I never write J can't be
blamed so it's me I guess this did not
feel move it to me it's all like it's
all I can say but yeah I make mistakes
but I feel like those just me I mean
obviously you feel how you feel so so
that's fine I'm trying I'm trying to
explain it I think more so than are you
being weird I think it used to be boy I
think you're used to me boy
and it might not control exactly like
meat boy does the velocity and whatnot
yeah well I don't I don't think it has a
velocity I think it has an honor and off
is the problem whereas you know I'm not
having a problem well I see I see then
yeah I love the premise I love the I
love the painting mess I'll be forever
down with the painting is
what does this heart tell us about the
human condition that's a good question
first we like colors we just love colors
you know it's a metaphor and basically
what the game is telling us that
sometimes in order to find the right
path you got you gotta get a little
messy
you can't be afraid to put in the work
and even failure you can't be afraid to
spill pain everywhere you can't be
afraid to spill can go and into your
garage or your parents garage
they'll find as much pain as you can and
start tossing that shit off especially
not your garage go to not your garage
and just talk to a neighbor's garage let
their garage door is up does it take all
their paint and start spilling it
everywhere else but see like even when
you fail in this game you squirt paint
everywhere right and that shows you the
path and so Sam I even failures
sometimes is important this is this is
rich before struggle of the artist
what is horse malarkey you should be the
expert on a horse malarkey you're right
you're absolutely right
also it says you should crush those that
get into it and that the only the only
way to succeed is by crushing those
around the lamentation of the seer
enemy's driven before you yeah we were
just we just did this the other day
someone in the channel what is best in
my life press your enemies I'm driven
before you and these are the best things
in life
see this is why if it's a Shawshank
reduction because now I'm thinking about
the fact that I need to remark over the
barbary absolutely that takes press if
you see Shawshank Redemption you'll be
thinking about how much you need to wash
its charge I mean I can see one of those
movies every time I see it's on when I
used to have cable on TV yeah every time
the Shawshank was an are just stopped
instantly and watch the rest movie no
matter how many times I've seen it okay
but here's the thing
I'm cable Shawshank is on and Conan is a
Shawshank Shawshank I don't know some
days are just gonna days he's fine this
is fine
what no we're under that all right
have any of you fuckers who haven't seen
Casablanca have no life
now when it originally came out I didn't
see it that's fine it's not what I feel
any strong desire hey those classics you
know you watch ones right ahead
that's what people like this one there's
something like iced tea I know we've
talked about Citizen Kane before I
genuinely love Citizen Kane right
I can rewatch that oh I respect its
place in film history it's fine but that
was neat No
the lamentation of the boxes scratching
the enemies that the morale the game is
even when the people around you don't
seem to be hurting you in any way you
must crush them in order to achieve your
goals but by the way that was the best
splat of them all that orange yeah
that's horrible
yeah
you read your girls beauty everything
you can oh no
everybody damn it bloom vine is like I'm
having six it's like I'm copies like I'm
having everywhere you can drive beyond
me
also everyone here who hasn't seen
pumping iron should go to sleep
is it still is that's the most bizarre
fucking movie in the world that came up
in the chat last night because pumping
iron we're watching Star Trek fan
episodes okay and Lou Ferrigno was in
one oh yeah and somebody in the chat was
much thing you know and pumping iron
that Arnold's kind of screwed over Lou
Frey go I haven't seen pumping iron so I
don't know how we screwed them over but
just kind of weird that that comes
and today when you weren't involved in
that conversation last night well you
know you talked to her I think pumping
iron has to be part of it everyone knows
everyone knows Arnold the movie star but
you know Arnold and everyone knows that
he was a bodybuilder but like watching
watching that documentary man he's a
weird dude
him being a movie star is one of the
most bizarre history yeah you can only
happen like you cannot have a guy like
that become a big movie star today I
don't know no can speak of the English
very well with the American cop said and
my head is giant my arms of German with
with no acting ability whatsoever pure
charisma and an accent and the fucking
weirdest name in the world yeah
beautiful his career is beautiful
assuming is gonna be like a
direct-to-video though what it's
actually a real thing but exist
screenshot right now I don't necessarily
believe you know it's true I would
Yvonne flat-out say I like this yeah
yeah wait kindergarten copper that idea
I don't have a tumor okay that's fine
the controls warming it for me I I loved
the world I love the art so much I don't
know maybe if I played around with the
controls more I could get it but it's
less floaties than super meat boy meat
boy felt
it sounds like it's coming me to go back
to Arnold I mean every mics maybe you're
right maybe I came in expecting me boy
and it's not that but I know I keep
bringing it up I just you know I want to
give this game a first shake because I
am I'm enjoying this I don't have
problems I don't to make it sound like
yo your opinion isn't valid of course I
want the other side to be heard oh no
and yeah I guess I'm doing my best to
elaborate yeah feel yes and I think
that's fine it's perfectly okay that we
have different opinions like right of
course no matter what as always we'll
get lumped into the same opinion so
either
so what do you think we got lumped into
do we know we're gonna get lumped in
today
you think yeah even though you're saying
you we never get lumped into like yeah
that's true
people gravitate towards me yeah yeah
but if you're talking about something
that you really like if you mentioned
one thing about it that you didn't like
dare W yeah that's the way it works
Star Wars cool should we start wars
quote here
where do you go now I know I gotta get
on the inside of this I gotta get on top
of a desk all the Oh God then actually
that's one of my favorite parts is like
every death shows you the path you know
visually
I'm in love with this game
Spray agency and get this religious
I can't stop doing don't stop just don't
sit down this be Arnold the Arnold for
us tonight we have a guest tonight
Arnold Schwarzenegger is here yeah that
would be good this is a great voice
everything he says it's the most
ridiculous thing
of course it is I mean the reason he's
famous cuz he's a cartoon character yeah
it's just the truth yeah that's true
give the game to rich well I can I
bought the game yeah I can now now that
I've bought it I can't give it to rich
but it's it's fucking $5 and I'm gonna
go out on a limb and say that rich can
afford $5 a lot of the money that comes
out of prereq anyway so I'm not no I'm
not worried about he's also he might
have the log in to my Steam story what
captain to pick we have a real guest of
the dog the developer of ink is in the
chat or the developer of mute crimson
plus while we played earlier what is
happening
what is happening and say it takes me a
while to catch up with the Janssen I
don't believe we'd have to developers in
your for two games in one night you
never know wait wait huh you think you
think that's stranger than him becoming
the Governor of California
okay that's strange uh you know that
makes sense
dink devs showed up to what he's I'm
suspicious
he's been here for the better part of 10
minutes I'm suspicious she's always been
here who are you
says he's one of the doves I think a
little inny oh you should be ashamed of
what you done now we're talking about
the game I'm not ashamed thanks for
showing up so why cubes that's the
question why cubes
shrim President Trump was not a
president Trump is not gonna happen it
even if he somehow wins the the vote
yeah the Electoral College is just gonna
say no no no like if if it looks like
he's even close to winning anything
every everyone's gonna be like okay
jokes over now yeah we're gonna stop
covering him because like it was all
funny it was all funny while he was
saying you know dumb racist stuff like
how we all got a laugh out of it but
suppose someone over at Fox News is like
saying oh my god look at the monster
we've created
our cartoony worldview has spawned this
our mockery of real politics right-turn
life itself into a character ooh
what's the they said the game was a
submission to Ludum dare 32 what's Ludum
dare is that like is that like one of
those game jams like a Space Jam but
it's like a Space Jam Wow
but instead of getting into the slam jam
up in this time jamming it's actually
more like a 48 hour film festival where
you have a certain amount of time to
make a game yeah so I can only assume
that's like that a lot of games have
come out of game games space jams things
to dodge now oh my god this is getting
intense
oh my god oh my god oh my god jesus H
Christ rich I think it's getting real
enough oh that's right they get the
space jams your game jams Andrew Jimmy
jams all sorts of jams
oh thanks husband
so is there any way to confirm we have
the actual developer you know I twice in
one night we're too weird
do we know your last questions what do
you got ask some questions let's ask
some questions okay Oh a parent so yeah
Ludum dare is a 48-hour game development
competition so much like 40 adventure
composer where you have to make a game
in that amount of time and then they
according to the quote unquote dev they
spent three months for a full release we
got this I think that's great I think
that's fun what would the other that
other game I was playing bad Titan souls
that also came out of a out of a game
jam where they had like and you know
much like the 48 hour film festival that
you have rules that you have to adhere
to make your James make your game around
a theme his need
no more political talk yeah hi I can't
imagine where second is you little talk
to me Clinton Donald Trump but Jane
that's a little fun making fun of Trump
and making fun of Fox News that's that's
not making fun of somebody with actual
conservative views because I think
everybody knows that both of those
things are just characters caricature
caricature
oh thank you grammar nazi' okay Erica
Jay that's a hard word to say caricature
caricatures Lee it's one of those words
were you if you say it more it sounds
like not a real word
no I'll see ya iced lizard game is still
here I know I know I've been I've been
emailing you so I know we know that's
really you
we just we assume assume we're being
played and the safe assumption is that
you've been played always like that like
when we had the straight guy on we never
confirmed that it was him right and we
talked to him for like three hours so we
could start we just start talking for
this guy we hadn't even know his name in
the chat so I apologize to the person
who was supposedly a dev of this but
yeah like like 20 minutes now you're
gonna say so and then you to leave
it's always a possibility right it is
and when we when we were talking you
know we were skyping in with the guy who
made the strafe game and like I said we
talked to him for like three hours and
never went right never once did it occur
to us never wants to hit occur to us
that it could not have been him along
and I think that's funny we I'm a
trusting person I'm gonna go ahead and
say it I'm a trusting person
the oh by the way uh Alejandro he he
just tweeted at us and looking at his
Twitter that's really him okay that
verify just just Bing rather than look
like an idiot I'd rather look like I'm
sure easily with those who've okay yeah
yeah I can only imagine that you would
be discovered rather quickly I get your
I mean I'm not I'm not saying that
you're wrong in fact you're very right
there are people out there who have
posed as doctors for years this has
happened yeah no I agree I'm with you
you were being a friend back really
podiatrist there was what I think we did
like surgeries I think he was counting
on like people around him did it most of
the actual work yeah yeah find out that
the guy operating he isn't a doctor
worst nightmare know if you go off the
edge it counts as a job oh so I'm
waiting too long you're yeah you're not
jumping fast being too worried about the
job you can make that double jump you
just have to jump a little so so once
again the Falls is mine okay absolutely
I mean the fault is always yours I guess
what I'm saying
everything about this game looks
fantastic I love the fact that triangles
are pissed off at squares right they're
jealous that extra side vodka and right
the other enemies you crushed were
rectangles the poor man square everyone
knows that you know you know the bosses
yeah the boss is gonna have to be
servile if there's not an angry circle
at one point I'd see it again you did it
again
it wouldn't be hard to pretend to be a
dad especially for an indie game you're
right oh yeah what I'm saying is rich
and Jay are absolutely correct and we
should be concerned about being Oh
actually speaking of this is something I
wanted to make sure I mentioned is
speaking of being legitimate rich and I
have gotten many legitimacy questions
because we I set up a previously
recorded gmail email address just
because I needed to get stuff done
quickly like startup Twitter and whatnot
and I didn't have a red letter media
email but we finally took care of that
and so now I just don't remember it
exists it did exist but either I didn't
know about it or I forgot which is more
likely let's be honest that's more
likely so anyway we now have in use an
official prereq at red letter media calm
so I will be transitioning all of our
email correspondences
to that email look at that look at MLG
pro MLG Pro I'm think we're gonna call
up redbull and they're gonna sponsor you
I want to call me the redbull rich the
redbull Evans I don't think they would
want to take away from their brand my
bad I just can't imagine there's much in
the world of competitive Inc play right
now at least not outside of like an S&M;
Club I'm reaching I'm reaching these are
the jokes these are the jokes everybody
then that they ain't much but that's
what we got I just took a moment I was
just really trying to wrap your brain
around what that could be any sort of
Inc and SNA just sounds like something
that's supposed to be sure I guess I
don't know what it would actually
involve but it sounds like something
that wants to be kinky sure yeah you
know we got we got all the kinks here we
got a in play
it ain't play SNM Inc play horseplay got
squishing you know you're blushing
I guess it's a real thing splashing
sloshing this one you you you or your
partner
into each other's like privates that's a
real thing there's a magazine devoted to
it it's the most disgusting that's the
most officious go that just makes me
want to barf but that's also my fetish
everything's a fetish splashing is
particularly close to me oh that is the
grossest
just a bowl full of spaghetti right your
crotch
right this very welcome boy a few bit
crazy bitch okay I get it I get it the
bivi I am the spectrum when and when
when you die it's a ROYGBIV right up top
no Jack Jack let me down the jack
high-five himself rich determined that I
had nothing to do with that hi Scotty
the sweetest high-five ever for that
awesome joke right cheap he was like man
good joke
you didn't hear cuz he turned away from
his microphone but he said good job and
then he gave me a high five I hate so
much about the things used to be
yeah food and sex should should not go
together those are separate things feel
sorry for the Debbie comes here to
listen to somebody talk about us games
and we're talking about S&M; Club is a
mid-range e-business
blog sheen this is uh if this is
anyone's first previously recorded live
stream this is what happens we talk
about the game for a little bit and then
discuss whatever we feel like for the
rest of the time and you're welcome we
had a talk show would be called doing
well we would get the promotion out of
the way oh yeah what movie you promote
yeah what are you doing oh great
what do you want to boast it about yeah
yeah those new cheeto who's that those
beer Cheetos what a disgusted I have
just made some up that wasn't as bad as
dewitos what Mountain Dew flavored
Doritos no no wait it was Dorito
flavored Mountain Dew
what somehow that's grosser yeah that's
where this was a test flavor there's
there's pictures of it on the Internet
Doritos flavor dewitos yeah I think so
look it up
you're looking up it sounds like the
most disgusting thing ever you're
looking up splooshing aren't you it's
washing stop
yeah you didn't trust me
you're right do Eidos sounds worse than
squashing would you Oh would you rather
with dewitos
I'd rather drink a do mean oh yeah I
mean you're right but that's not a world
but he splashed with dewitos
oh yeah not even even bark how about you
oh we got your name are alejandro if you
are still in Chadha who did the music
for this d like yeah once we started
talking about you know the final straw
and did them if you're still here if
you're if you're listening to us in the
background while doing more important
work tell me who did the music for this
cuz i bought this i did buy this with
the soundtrack because i enjoy the
soundtrack a lot no he's still here
I see you I see you in Gen plugin dig
the music this is some shit I can listen
to these triangles are just nightmarish
the triangles well they're out to get
you I know they like Heather I like how
they're kind of spazzing about while
they wait to she then sent Rubin Eddie
thank you I will up ship copy and paste
that name into Twitter as I dig this
sometimes like when I'm working with
After Effects I enjoy like the techno he
like just kind of keeping striving but
you know sometimes you just need a
little something like this
it's perfect After Effects a music
really any any sort of instrumental
music you can't deal with lyrics when
you're doing After Effects yeah that's
alright I like the simple wave stuff
Oh Jay there they're asking for a new
key update how are we on our
Wow we just need a couple more yeah you
people need to see the new key shelf new
key shell it was pretty impressive at
this point we got if you haven't seen
her Twitter we have a new tool Oh
somebody said this so we also have that
it has to be something they had maids
but it was it was me not it was they
ordered off of Etsy but it's English
it's like the perfect it's larger than a
VHS tape but it's the right machine so
it looks like an oversized VHS tape
that's beautiful I'm doing it I'm doing
it oh hello Draco I use premiere more
because most of my work is actually
editing obviously for any compositing I
use After Effects lately I've been using
After Effects more because we're doing
effects and only effects and I'm not
editing
that's never gonna get there it's
getting there
if if all goes to plan there might be a
space cop effect stream on Sunday one of
the problems with that is right now I
don't have an office because there's
some remodeling happening at my house
and so I'm it might not happen if my
office isn't ready but I'm thinking it
might also I need to do some of the
effects first to make sure that I figure
them out before I scream how I'm going
to do that so but yes
coming up either Sunday or maybe next
Wednesday we will stream light bar space
cop car light bar effects after
affecting it's going to be very exciting
it's going to probably be the most
boring training we've ever ever had but
it'll be a lot of fun
maybe it'll be a lot of fun or very
bored I'm sure like most of our streams
some people will like it and some people
will not that's a that's a bold
statement yeah I know that's a false
statement
oh no I'm not getting a new office I'm
painting I just had to move everything
out of my office to paint it and I
didn't want to get paint on my work
computer and equipment I know I didn't
want to ruin the things that I used to
make a living and so it'll be done
shortly I'm hoping my Sunday should hit
the closet room closet look like a man
Jack right right no I'm just I'm I'm not
I have literally nothing to do with the
editing of space gap I'm doing some
special effects
who's who's primarily additive you or JJ
is not completely but majority of it is
them now it's just affection sound
effects cleaning up the image which I
got a lot of that already
oh so you can you can bump into the
hollow triangles yeah but now rich is
the rlm Foley artist he has a special
routine we put my ash next to the
microphone for you we put different
parts of rich Evans next to the
bichromate
sometimes ass sure sometimes other body
parts
depending on what noise need we know you
should expect a very special behind the
scenes video for the rich holy work its
I unless it's more instructional than
your makeup seats fully
it'll be me making like the most
pathetic sound effects for whatever and
they'll be an extent of your mouth
instead of any sort of Li oh yeah yeah
enemy there'll be a whole section with
you a mic like listening to it and just
listen very serious
I like how you started that one wait
rich rich can you end your your your
laser sound with a little more cut
friends yeah copy copy the prince and
duplicate the copy of the Prince
oh oh that's how you do it
this is this is easy it's getting back
up
my eyesight again that's gonna be no
hitting it you can do it
is that what was that horseshoe
nup nup nup are you trying to get up and
down yep
that's like it it's like you waited for
that one
you already has want the beauty the new
subscribers that
did you ever play the Max Payne game was
Max Payne the firt that was the first
bullet time yeah right oh my oh
subscribers a certain level I think the
answer is they don't know probably not
what do you mean online screaming leads
a drain Jay baby said we spent four
years making a movie and they want to
see it yeah but I don't understand
online screaming they want they want it
to be straight it's very doubtful it
over the stream anytime soon
oh well and but it's like even when it's
done was like what point leak streaming
serves if you couldn't have it Pete's
trained I guess I don't understand your
question
do you mean like an early screening for
patreon because of supporters you know
that's the most important
I always dream with some sort of live
commentary
you know probably be a commentary track
yeah
I think that's fine faster it you can do
it it's gonna be it's gonna be like a
four-disc set space cop is one quarter
of one bish I don't know that I'm gonna
be able
I think you have to like jump around me
Oh God oh my god moving thing this can't
be done this can't be done this can't be
done suck it up rich oh are you doing
like that Oh My Jesus that's my favorite
is when it looks like you almost aimed
for
this is getting ridiculous
no it's like riches 1 percent through
the game yep
not even close oh there's so much
content Oh No
hahaha I'm just picturing like as
artists this looks one thing I don't
like is that falling off the edge yeah
yeah you should be like almost off the
edge before that counts the double I'm
like kind of near the urgent it counts
this is a close to level this is like
level 47 or 48 and there are 75 total
levels so you're over the halfway mark I
don't think you can I think you have to
wait for the thing to come
you can't wait for the ding
I got to that one yeah rich says he
knows what he's doing guys he's gonna
try to make this jump we have someone in
the chat who might know whether or not
that jump is possible well I need to go
up the wall oh and actually Alejandro
says a something he was working on today
was to give players an extra frame or
two before the double jump oh nice nice
to avoid to avoid the ledge issue that
you're having nice because I am doing
that a lot yeah yeah which is a normal
video game thing like you know falling
off of the ledge VX is a jump what oh
yeah it's like I'm not quite forward
yeah
oh there you go see I beat the system
that was nice rich I beat the system
I did what do you call that Jack what do
you call that kind of a leap jumping
skill I don't know real pro super pro
gamer sponsored by Red Bull rich is the
red ball which is the green ball you
can't be Red Bull because that's the
name of the drink they're not gonna name
the player the Red Bull right they're
gonna call you they're gonna call you
the ultra I named a soccer team in New
York the Red Bulls really yes after Red
Bull yes
soccer is the most popular sport in the
world but not a single person likes
soccer
yep to be fair the ones that do like it
don't call it soccer it's true so you're
right nobody likes soccer yeah everybody
likes food the ball food food the ball
red like red ball we're out there's a
connection we're onto something here
guys I got this
I'm the food bowl expert so many food
bowls
yeah the New York Red Bulls they are
owned by Red Bull and they are of an MLS
team a major league soccer team oh is
Jay and rich excited for football season
somebody who herds for the Chicago Bears
I haven't been excited about football
for the last 30 years oh my god oh my
MLG Pro that was a beautiful run rich
thank you oh it's the mega triangle
now Oh inspector oh oh I know I didn't
see the spikes
have you seen of what we do in the
shadows
no that's what does that one it's like a
mockumentary comedy okay about vampires
sure it's must be very much
Omega well there you go
my doing something
I'm not sure if this is working but I'm
not sure what else they can do do you
have to jump on him what he's still okay
you can jump directly on him
I just assumed I couldn't think of
spiking right and then him hitting the
spikes kind of stuns
oh you have to say okay okay okay we're
figuring it out we're figuring it out
game though for for developers say just
the fact that he's the spike made me
think that jumping on would be a bad
idea
absolutely that makes sense oh yeah
especially one spiky things have killed
me before spiky things are killing you
in this very level but you figured out
you used your brain
the competitors
oh I haven't seen that did you see the
new guy the man from the guy over chief
that guy ritchie yeah
recently what's he done he did swept
away with madonna what one of the worst
things ever he did Madonna he did
Madonna for a while one of the worst
things ever know the worst things oh
yeah his fucking barrels to me use this
like the style was aggressive and
obnoxious it was different as what I'd
have to rewatch excitement seated oh
yeah I really liked the style was so
refreshing liked it because it was
aggressive oh yeah I agree it was like
it was aggressive but it was a maybe it
was just because it was British yeah but
like it felt different I'd have to read
it I remember really
I'm very sure look who the enemy is this
time I knew it
so maybe the circles aren't the final
boss they're heat-seeking maybe it's a
well it's gonna be the daddy well for
this level but maybe the the end boss is
something fuckin crazy like an octagon
pentagram yeah that's the grin is circle
pentagram that's crazy
what it's geometric shape yeah but
that's a more complicated geometric
trade yeah hey boss hey boss
use your brain use your library I'll
crack it out here you know that you know
that
I hate these things good I think you
should boss the boss is satan like in a
in a stark turn of events the boss is
like is like a satan from doom yeah like
a real like a real character you know
wouldn't that be weird
fuck you
they move into this before J have you
since watched a danger finalists
5,000 other things for the first season
you long the second season is the ages
water yeah that's the one I think I
would probably like it's not the second
season is not done as well the first
season is pitch perfect 60 70s Italian
b-movie satire everything about it is
perfect satire I can't get past that
that's second I always get in
there you go they go there you go
but in the second season even though
they tried 80 satire they stick with
some of that 60s and 70s filmmaking
satire but have like 80s tropes and it
does not play nice together but the
first season is wonderful
the circles I think are too much for me
right now
they're too much for me yeah yeah have
you hit fatigue hard probably that has
something to do it sure
well that you know that's okay I think
we've been we've been going for like
four hours see if I can get to the end
of this if I if I even start getting
close to the end of this I see I get to
the end of this level
yes yeah oh listen ultimate sir I agree
like there's some there's some fun in
season two but it's not season two is
more insanity than satire and season one
is a perfect satire and so I felt even
though that was a question yes that's
right so Italian spider-man was done
Miss America yes
a good pair but but see it's season 2
has wackiness and craziness and it's off
the rails
oh but it doesn't have that you know
like this like for example in season one
all exteriors are obvious miniatures
okay which is glorious they keep with
that theme in season two even though
they're supposed to be securing eighties
movies but they would never use a
miniature as an exterior shot of the
dates and so they try to keep the style
of the first season while incorporating
80 strobes they try to keep the style of
a 60s or 70s Italian b-movie while
incorporating 80 strokes like highschool
slasher and it doesn't refresh well
and the Hitler joke gets always very
fast ah crazy comedy like yeah that come
here it will be the bad guys Hitler that
seems like they're gonna yeah how many
bad guy now I know he's overused yeah
oh fuck right
rich agrees about ever drop my nutsack
you know I just don't know how that's
possible cause I'm just gonna put that
out there
yeah you can do it my goose cooked your
goose is going to fleet fingers reach 10
RS 10 more tries
to
well agreed Mauri Mauri season 1 of
danger 5 is far superior to kung fury
season 1 Avenger 5 is a must watch
especially for people who like bad
movies like it's wonderful did do the
jokes on danger 5 work kung fury is so
much funnier when it's not trying to
make like actual jokes yes yes the
styles 7 the serious tone of it is funny
but then there's parts like it turns
into an infomercial for a second 9
10-zip
yeah is it okay go for it remember you
gotta crush those things oh my god I did
forget that yep
but
part of its fatigue but I may have hit a
wall oh sure well yeah it's the fatigue
or even you've been playing platformers
for the best for our circles had the
ultimate nightmare
we took a we took a tiny break it's a
play fingered but you've been playing on
'hardest balls platformer for four hours
uh-huh
it's a train the prereq team a Lowe's
prereq and red letter media doctor it's
right we're legit now Oh
you're so legit
it's the first time I paid attention to
the chat all night and I was glad I
could be you never with my my ideas
never can get here get here just do the
same thing I know that well that's what
it looks like that's what it is I think
you got to go back track for that one
shot yeah yeah don't forget you gotta
kill the things
one to dodge one two one two Dutch
trying to find the real
oh my god I got this this is what I was
trying to do in the first place
it's like get to the no because I almost
impossible
but
I need to go watch demolition man that's
just watch the first half and you'll be
fine watch all of it you know it's it's
action garbage but it's good garbage is
that the last good Stallone action movie
of that era
was that the beginning of the end is
what you're saying yes I don't remember
when Judge Dredd was but it's probably
right around that same penny was after
Judge Dredd I want to say Judge Dredd
was like 93 I feel like that was the
period when all those action guys we're
starting to yeah good well you know the
action genre was falling out of the
wayside as the the CGI spectacle era was
taken well and also the ones that were
coming out as far as the exit stones
were the 80s old movies were starting to
suck yeah just alone movies started at
the start it's not even just stuff like
the CG spectacle was taking over us and
the actual movies oh my god just any
good
I'm starting to doubt in my abilities
this should be like climax of the Cape
this is like halfway through I can't
imagine how much harder it gets after
this I miss triangles go back to
triangles
triangles didn't hunt my ass down
oh my fuckin boom Wow you just died
oh I just wanted to get through that one
mama like I could do this I'm gonna call
that a small redemption to me oh that
was hard though yeah I was difficult
those balls hard okay well let's see if
we have any new subscribers we do we
have midnight of the century 2 inches
away from the monitor like a smallest
letters I've ever seen
Reggie Mon ring gak and
sfw wookie NSFW oh well I get it not
safe for wookie like it means I get it
Oh Ronco Maul rattle fatty mu slime
vitamucil ooh
Betty Betty Betty muscle one maybe hey
whatever your fucking name is thank you
for subscribing
we really appreciate Oh
according fala Haun drove by the way
speedrunners can beat the entire game in
less than 13 minutes my god I don't
think we came close to that also no no
we did not thank you by the way
Alejandra for coming and chatting with
people and sorry for doubting you
it just we had another Devin here for a
game we're streaming earlier and it just
seemed it seemed weird that that would
happen twice so also thank you to ice
lizard games for coming out and
and chatting with the chat during mute
crimson plus we really appreciate all
you guys come out for all the game
nonsense
that happens so this to hear this
