Episode 202
Rocket League AGAIN!
September 10, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lYRfZtB9-4
___________________________________________

stuff is pure speculation and rumor it's
it's very simple if dawn of justice does
well again they'll make Man of Steel to
Don of Justice is probably going to do
reasonably well you can do so well Chad
a people for a little bit you know I did
see that I mean make a room yeah yeah
let's make a room right oh we need some
like st. prereq prereq prereq prereq yep
okay hey anyone anyone who wants to play
a prereq prereq you can play a private
room named prereq one word er er EC
password the same all lowercase Oh mom
we gotta change the yeah I'm gonna mess
around with the menu good luck playing
oh oh my god yep oh you can't do shit no
I can't
how do we do the jacks got a giant menu
screen up on from the TV and I hate him
for it do you remember how I remember
yeah I don't need the menu it was fine
no it's not fine you're cutting shit off
I got this picture size screen fit boom
you're welcome
now you can see the whole screen you're
fuckin welcome almost weird playing into
your controller oh I bet by the way
playing with an Xbox controller all I've
been playing with is a PlayStation
controller are people in already
one or two I think I'll do it for
beefcakes in Busan you sell some guys
get in same rules apply by the way we're
after
what is it two games yeah two games
someone else give someone else chance if
if nobody else pops in if it's still AI
playing you can you can jump in yeah
sound everything could be a little bit
louder it seems like Jack's face oh yeah
my my face one
from the mic while I was changing the
the controller settings yeah you can
turn game play up a little bit I've
probably got to turn down because I tend
to listen to podcast or whatever when
I'm when I'm playing okay sure sure
oh and it's way down in OBS too oh yeah
we're gonna lose this one just shit I'm
gonna just crap we're working on it
twigs game audio that's not deafening
yeah I probably know that out loud like
have Jesus Gorn Oh göran Oh göran kick
for being idle my fine we made the room
weekend oh my god leftover beefcake
you're paying his ass you're playing on
like tin cans and a string he's playing
on an NES
he duct-taped a phone wire to his NES
I just think this game I got to turn
around I was knocking it away from their
goal I got all turned around this is
become a living living nightmare
that is my life Newton pizza roll says
Jack
do you or anyone else at rlm watch
content screen junkies what did they do
again doesn't Jane know one of the
spring joke you guys don't they do these
honest trailers oh did they do that I
think they do I think Jane knows one of
the guys he was on he was on one of
their shows bad and everything wrong
with them I've heard of their name we
don't we don't watch much are we talking
to people why is why is the audio thing
coming up Oh are we problem because
we're hope the computers hooked up to a
mic that's automatically broadcasting
change that setting that's a gross
setting push talk push attack there you
go okay sorry about that for anyone
who's like hearing us twice
honest trailers I think is funny they've
done honest trailers have had some funny
stuff
and death counts oh good good
cinemasins is who does oh yeah yeah I
really dislike everything wrong with I
think that's a that's a really dumb Joe
I think screen junkies except show Jay
was hot when they did that he's actually
these yeah like who's the best 81 that
to you know i they're following they're
following the standard internet formula
which is make stuff short and i thought
that i feel like she's probably the
smarter internet considering how often
we come out with shit though if you if
you cut like our shit up and like
10-minute junks we'd be we'd be probably
the most prolific people on youtube the
only problem with it is like their own
format the the show was like let's
discuss eighties actions heroes but then
it's three minutes and no one says
anything of you know I mean we do fully
edited hour-long episodes oh yeah I like
the I like the honest trailers honest
trailers has some really funny jokes to
it
not everything wrong
screen junkies is nice so yeah I like
some of this great ice cream junky stuff
and Janos one of the directors or
someone on it
oh damn it damn it good we probably
won't review until dawn get that fucker
in yes tied with three seconds to go
fucker that's a story driven narrative
driven horror game I don't think that's
a written Italian I think so
oh okay you can do this you can do this
rich I believe in you I'll slash it out
David you left over beefcake we can see
your lag I know I know what you're going
through that shit's a slide show for you
okay we have now updated
we think um mine for Lincoln who
screamed oh Jesus
bam ba-ba-bam
virtually the overtime goal yeah oh look
at that
that's it that's a sniper ball right
it's just no no AI everyone's free to
stand one more yep then jump out nobody
jumps in you're free to come in back in
absolutely absolutely Danis Miranda
Swanson a rich how the fuck do you have
nine hundred hours of XCOM enemy Unknown
because I fucking love XCOM enemy
Unknown I've been playing that fairly
consistently since it came out
listen if you love a game you play the
shit out of it
we're only ice somebody can jump in how
do you join Steve matches from a ps4
what you do is you go to private match
and then it'll ask for a room name and a
password it's all lowercase all one-word
prereq prereq yeah they use the same
servers actually and they use the same
PlayStation players and Steam players
play together all the time it's amazing
it's the future it's it's exactly what
oh nice you might as well not have saved
who did that who did that fucker we're
gonna watch this squall fucking mr. aids
mr. ace trains get out of here happens
everybody yep unfortunately it happened
to you bu so like right now if you try
to join the room the room is full
obviously that's it just wait for the
Mac it's over and try to join man and
was asked if anyone plays - what
happened to King's Quest three people
weren't loving it people weren't loving
it there was no voices to do and the
game itself what are some bullshit going
on through some oh whatever more than I
remember
honest like quarter-second bullshit oh
oh good nice shot nice shot yeah you
don't search for games I forget like we
can have we just set up our own room so
you can do right and so it's like you
got to play online and then there's a
private match tab going there and then
you can say join room yeah and then if
you accidentally not you know do an
own-goal thing it'll be recorded for
everybody to see exact for all time so
you know don't suck definitely don't
suck tonight coming here Lucy in Corbin
you have 1500 hours of FIFA 14 oh that
would have been a beautiful shot oh
that's pretty good - that's good a nice
shot I shot you you know what mr. aids
you made up for it yeah here you're tied
mister now you know you're just even
though you're a TV zero exactly look at
that look no glory for you but no shame
either so you've taken your shame way
good job like you're perfectly average
with with like tf2 I have over a
thousand hours of GMT I want to say like
over 900 on Steam and then a couple
hundred hours on my xbox three
and and you know it's great if you find
that game that is your life for
ow Oh goddammit I went right under it
when do we expect the Kings best for
probably not I don't know what's next
bass quest three I want to go right back
to police quest okay we got to go back
to police classes okay
please press two left over beefcake has
2000 hours of FTL okay yeah that's fine
that's beautiful
scamming and secret to sink your teeth
into yeah
oh it's alright as that was on me
knocked you out of the way it's actually
something I'm really the while I love
playing The Binding of Isaac rebirth on
my Vita as you guys know I agree with
Journal the gaming my bathroom sessions
are definitely longer because I play it
on my Vita oh my god that was close
I'm gonna say I'm into it
yeah yeah and I do love the fact that
you know I can start a game on my Vita
and then take it to my ps4 if I want to
play out great the one big regret I have
for not solely playing it on Steam is
the PlayStation versions don't count my
hours so I have no idea how many hours
I've sunk into Binding of Isaac rebirth
yeah yes I know I know if we had our
chat on we'd be communicating strategy
but I think we're doing a stream and
we're obligated to be you know
entertaining right and our opponents who
are also our nice people in the chat was
wouldn't be a disadvantage which is kind
of nice either
I'm fine with mutant pizza roll will
there ever be a licensed bass cop game
in the spot in the style of police quest
we were talking with someone and
unfortunately everyone got busy as
when the someone gets not busy again
they're going to contact us and maybe we
can do something but everyone's busy all
the time
Mario Mario a hundred thirty six hours
in Binding of Isaac rebirth 100%
achievements congratulations I'm right
now I'm working on I've defeated mega
saver and I'm doing I guess there's a
mega satan and I'm just a fee I'm just
working on items and so I'm going
through everybody on hard and you know
defeating all the achievements on hard
have been the treasure chest
see
is doing that with every character to
unlock all the items and I would love to
know my our pals
yeah they were actually talked about it
there was actually a small little demo
of space cough as this year it just
never got off the ground which is fine
oh god no no I'm gonna have one gram I
haven't even gotten the lost yet dick
neutral for fighting Isaac and reading
about how to do that is insane there in
order to get the final unlockable
character in The Binding rising a series
of random events need to occur that is
almost astronomically like just doesn't
happen and so I think a lot of people
cheat because you can do seed runs yeah
we're like very specific things need to
happen yep this event you need to get
that event you need to get this event
before that event you need to get fine
this sector II hope to have that sector
spawn in the first place yeah then
there's another sector that needs to
spawn that happens after that that's
exactly what he's having in order to get
the lost and then and that's just
unlocking the character and then the
lost is a character who can only take
one hit and they die and you can't get
extra hits so you have to beat the
entire game with the lost and not get
hit once
that's fuckin unheard of so whoever's
get tied up I don't remember they came
being tied that's
Oh ain't got shit you ain't got shit you
wake up shoot no one is complaining that
we're playing
fearful slug boy I will of course I will
try to get the lobster because I will
continue playing finding guys they could
until I say 10% golden real golden God
status a real platinum God status is the
110 percent this stuff you had unlocked
before your save God worked no oh no I
wasn't even close I'm significant I'm
pretty I'm pretty good no I will
continue playing The Binding of Isaac
rebirth until I am
because in that game you have to be a
hundred and ten percent
it's nonsense but it's fun of course of
course but I'm never gonna stop playing
that game because I don't think I ever
beat it constantly
my favorite games of all time which
again is something that makes it really
upsetting that I don't have an hour
because I do want to know how much time
I have it on steam i bought it on Steam
oh but you know but I've been playing it
PlayStation oh my god oh my god fuck are
you doing oh hey I fuck this but the AI
fucked us somebody else should have
jumped in yeah yeah I'm super excited
for the vine of Isaac rebirth expansion
it's just more game to play how could
you not be excited about that oh shit
thank you son I guess acts up oh
speaking of expansions rich yeah have
you heard about this shovel knight
expansion no free shovel knight
expansion the plague Knight it was that
a Kickstarter thing yeah yep how I
should play ready uh and it's happening
it's happening soon in fact okay so all
new game play is play ignites probably
be busy with something else but it's of
course just exciting yeah we'll probably
stream it alright here we go hey why is
imp still there I'm sure there's still
an AI well make sure once start the game
hit the button we'll see well alright I
guess we yeah
let's hit the button to see who's in her
okay
should we do something
is there any is there any value in in
what we have to say about I mean you
know that's a of course that's a real
super loaded question I know
I have not played a Metal Gear game
what was the Metal Gear game that came
out after solid tumors Holland to write
really yourself dude
I have not played a game since that
because I got bored with the convoluted
story yeah so I'm so out of the Metal
Gear I didn't bite - because mil gur
cell did one kind of lost me halfway
through that story when you got two evil
twins yeah I'm like yeah guy bye I'm
gonna finish it on I didn't let it be
one there maybe maybe that's you know my
own bias I wanted something a bit more
serious oh sure
the story is so prominent in those games
it's it's hard to divorce
I think the gameplay from the story in
Metal Gear and so you know like there
could be some merit in like I mean I
like I like stealth there's probably a
lot I would like in five
holy shit well that's what that's why
I'm saying like there's probably some
very real merit in like we haven't been
a part of the Metal Gear universe
mmm-hmm we're coming but then there
would be some silly ass boss that would
just take me right out of the game
followed by a large cutscene my review
would not at all bitch about voice
change rush I don't give a shit now
theif I would be totally pissed about
the voice change that they had in the
last one
yeah but just don't care of that much
about metal here in the first place I
don't I don't think that would face me
it would be again it would be one of
those things where where we would you
wouldn't even be close Oh like I've been
trying to teach myself how to fly like
that who are you reviewing a game like
should should a metal your game be
reviewed by somebody who's at least a
fan of the series because that's the
people who are going to be buying it
does it make any sense to have a person
who's not a fan give their thoughts nice
Jack it's nice see that was sweet
I was so fucking look at this off him oh
no I mother fucking dopey shit rich well
I guess that's what I'm saying is like
our review is not going to come out
anywhere near the release of beginning
because of the time we'll have to put
into it
and so will anyone care at that point
but I mean it's a huge game yeah
so was Batman and we got mediocre views
that's true
that's kind of I was personally upset
that didn't do as well as like the order
of you some of those I thought we really
nailed it I did too I did to us why I
was that's why I was sad
shit
all of us miss temple yeah pretty into
oh that's nice
oh my god that was great Sniper Wolf is
gone you're right jibin I'm just saying
that in your immune in the rocket League
dad
I guess that's the question where it's
like you know is it more important that
we make this show that we want to make
even if it gets mediocre views or is it
more important that we get out of video
fast and dirty as an outsider I might
even have interesting things to say
about metal here I'm thinking I'm taking
credit for saving or or all those props
again into the debt no no save it okay
okay I'm taking credit for saving that
did you not hear me rich Oh God are you
trying to convince me or yourself myself
okay under percent myself Oh God
flop it up all over the place I played
this game before I swear I like it
better
I but I'm also just a fan of this
controller the Xbox 360 controller yeah
Oh Oh Jack that was definitely my safe
you're having a good game oh oh I
couldn't what did I say no you were okay
I just you know there's no I wish there
was a like a rocket slide like a
left-to-right rocket slide you know
sometimes there's just no getting over
there fast enough
so we're talking about the show I say
fuck it let's just do it
about bias roots bias if if metal gear
as the tradition is has a convoluted
story line yeah and I don't have and I
don't like convoluted story lines or you
do too and to just like everyone else
Jared just like everyone else just like
everyone else all right
is it is it really bias if they're just
doing something that I don't like and I
genuinely don't like it it's not like
I'm going to hate the game for the sake
of doing it if I were to play Metal Gear
Solid 5 and it actually has a fairly
straightforward concise story without
without hand possessions and vampires
maybe I'd really like it but is it my
fault if they do things I don't like as
a reviewer no well I I think you know no
matter what if you dislike something
that someone else likes they're gonna
call bias or their bullshit because
people are dumb it's it's especially
tough going in knowing that's like this
series has something that I don't like
about it but you know we do I think try
to go in as
objective as possible and so someone's
saying what it's practice to was the
only convoluted one that you have to
remember that one lost me with the evil
twins okay I don't think it's just - no
no one was convoluted as shit there was
twins and ninjas and yeah some ninja
knows a robot - what there's a robot
ninja yeah oh oh turn over your
motherfucker
and I might even have really nice things
to say about the gameplay itself and
that it could lead to an interesting
conversation about story versus gameplay
you know I mean it would be really
interesting after the Batman episode of
where the story saved the lackluster
gameplay what if the game plays yeah
yeah if the story's even lackluster
right but I'm just you know assuming
it's assuming it does some of the shit I
hated with 1 & 2 we're going to assume
that it's convoluted bullshit because I
think that's a fair assumption yeah
based off of past knowledge of the Metal
Gear series
it's most likely going to be calm oh no
oh yeah you saved it that was you know
the only thing you saved as your own ass
rich I saved it I I want to say that I
knocked it up so it hit the top of the
goal and if I did not it would have made
it into the goal oh I totally sick
so yeah maybe after because we already
know we're doing for the next prereq
lien which were filming Friday but maybe
the one after that we do medal here
maybe Mad Max is the other option the
questions which which would be better to
do 404 a prereq show yeah oh definitely
Milligan Mad Max I don't think we'll
have enough to talk about what I just
there there's no doubt in my mind that
we will have more to talk about I think
we should stream that next
at this game
it's what I'm used to the question job
is which one of us gets the Bible Pass
which one of us goods to heaven
if you would like it you can I'm not
interested flat okay so you can have it
just bring it
it's a stream oh there's always stuff
you know when you get it to Center cuz
you're like okay I'll get the center and
hopefully my teammates will get it but
it also makes it so that the enemy but
okay yeah you get Mad Max will stream
Mad Max will do an episode on Metal Gear
okay that's as much of
robots playing the game that the
shoulder button that brings up the older
person
everyone's person everyone's a person
oh my god everyone's on the roof
yes everyone knows the strategy to get
on the roof I got a feeling my opinions
on the bag match well this was
ill-advised and that was ill-advised
combat doesn't work for this series and
car combat much more exciting to watch
in a movie than it is the plane again
you know I got a feeling it's gonna be
like a laundry list of this didn't work
that didn't work well you know it's a
it's a question of you brought up a
really good point I did not know that
they were reusing that was my miss I
missed that same
oh my god we are we have not scored a
point yet no orange I believe it's using
the shadow of mordor engine yeah so you
were saying you didn't you didn't know
what was going to what I didn't know it
was gonna use that combat and so it's a
it's a the problem is in not properly
utilizing gameplay for a
characterization because Mad Max
wouldn't fight like that
Mad Max doesn't fight like that hold the
second movie libs right
Mad Max isn't about stuff like that and
then in the end for the most part he
just drives a truck in a straight line
pretty cool to know that was a really
nice shot yeah fuck man
look at this boom we need to score one
point orange and we're winners in our
heart Hey
ten seconds every ten seconds you got a
score you're back in yeah no no I just
don't I don't want to shut out that's
all we need right now is not a shutout
oh oh okay
oh there you go no no once every ten
point two seconds we're due to score
that one a little bit quick eight
seconds yeah so now we can now we have a
real shot now you got a large slightly
larger window
Jim that's gonna hurt your chances
Mireille you got this
I got it
Wow oh my god
100% on me Oh 100% on me that was my
Biff but I can save it over here I'll
shoot it right to me
that's right oh I I would hope that the
Mad Max game would have watched and
character interaction which had no
character interaction I love that the
Nemesis system and shadow of Mordor but
I've never had a world feel so empty in
me like a fucking push shove a fucking
town in there or something
I can't tell you how like incredibly
disappointed I was with shadow of Mordor
you know like we're just coming off that
Batman kick yeah and and like I just
needed more of that combat in my life
and it's like okay Lord of the Rings I
kind of know the Lord of the Rings
mythology like I'm not a huge Lord of
the Rings fan but I understood what was
going on and it was just nothing to that
game but work fights
I love the tactics I'm planning I'm
taking a captain dollar analyzing the
weaknesses that's neat I really like
that yeah that was nice bang by the way
I ain't donuts I'm sure you're being a
little snide but our sonic the most
overrated game ever did pretty well in
the puke oh yeah you know there's yeah
you don't it's a saying don't we need
more click baby titles we we we have
been talking about another like in depth
didn't work we tried we wanted that to
work what the Batman review alright but
but you know like Batman did alright but
also our blood-borne review was pretty
in-depth I want to say are the order
review was hyper and oh yeah but also
people love negativity right people want
to see someone shit over you you've got
that though for part of the Batman
review are you can you got that for like
80% of the Batman review was shitting
him yeah but people didn't want us to
shit out back that was our problem
didn't they I don't I don't know what
that game was is well reviewed as you
and well-received as you think Jack was
it not I don't think so
I think everyone hates the fucking bad
they should yeah well that Racecourse
dlc to go ahead and paid 40 bucks for
that shit
I am looking forward to some day getting
the gist using a normal bathroom
that's what of the DLC you get to play
as Batman I think that great you know
what I was doing the other day just
because I wanted to fight his Batman a
little bit more yeah I was using the
Batman Beyond Batsy uh-huh which gets
rid of the cape and it looks really
what's like Batman Beyond the pouches
right the night yeah because you know it
still has to have like oh I liked I like
not having a cape what number of you do
you consider good that's a good question
I a hundred thousands nice over a
hundred thousand feels good I mean
compared to what some of the major
YouTube channels get it's it's not
gangbusters but oh god right now I think
over a hundred thousand and I'm saying
anything anything above that is cake is
frosting is gravy
yeah but yeah that's what I'm looking
for and I want to say Batman is a little
over 80 which you know it's fine
yeah
we rich and I were talking about it was
different like more click Beatty more
like general game discussion that
specific game discussion or you know
like the Masonic game wasn't necessarily
about the game it was it was about this
like grander idea you know about it
about its place in history and we like
the same way that was the kind of the
same with me like in the Zelda 2
Adventures of link whereas more just
about like why this game existed and
less so funny we were talking about
another one like that and it just didn't
know but I'd call that quick interesting
you know we didn't give Legend of Zelda
a click baby title but we were talking
about one with a superkick baby title I
may have fucked your shot up it just
didn't pan out we couldn't we couldn't
justify the pokemons won the Pokemon we
were looking at doing a Pokemon episode
after which is Pokemon breaking run but
we found enough evidence to Jesus fuck
the order was a beautiful episode I mean
it was fun to take down the order
because the game was so short we could
actually film and get it out in a
reasonable amount of time it was the
perfect game for us you know because we
could get it out in that window where
people were still talking about it did
very well
view was the order was a perfect yeah I
can't imagine we're gonna find another
game that we can complete an 8 out for
this pokemon does it turn your son's gay
Mauri Mauri oh that was exactly that was
exactly I wanted to talk about how JRPG
combat is kind of boring at a joke but
people kept saying that the multi
players
we're depth to it maybe does right the
whole idea was whether or not Pokemon
was kind of broken and
relying on people making a metagame for
themselves like I had always played the
single-player Pokemon raising a well
diverse team and apparently I was making
the game more challenging within it
ooh nice that was like a double rocket
goal
so you know we were gonna do this whole
episode on like whether or not people
were creating the metagame coconut
because rich was able to you know beat a
few gym leaders with just in one Pokemon
not having a diverse team at all but
what we found in our research was that
many people do that
for speedruns and Wow
also the player-versus-player portion of
Pokemon requires more therefore we the
the episode was unwarranted
oh c'mon story has always been yeah
that's what we that's what we basically
discovered is the real game starts 20
hours in god I never got that far I jest
at played the mated the bane game for
all of them and really enjoyed it oh
sorry beats drain my mic is but but but
but but but maybe Metal Gear and yeah me
never you're never gonna see a console
Toki button no that's how they sell
handhelds
that's what Nintendo that's that's what
Nintendo has going for them handhelds
and they're not gonna shoot their
handheld business in the foot have you
guys thought of increasing the number of
discussion episodes instead of a
specific game review playing reviews are
everywhere yeah I mean the answer to
that is yeah we just need something to
discuss and usually a game is a nice
jumping-off point
yeah and so the answer is of course
of course we have but you know it has to
be something that we want to talk about
and quite possibly that's something
we're working on for our next episode is
a greater gaming discussion wrapped
around okay we'll see how all turns out
that episode might be kind of just short
it could be short and blah yeah which of
course it might happen is always an
option failure is always enough
Tiberius Kirk says aside from the first
two reviews guacamelee is the lowest
viewed review with 53,000 which tells me
what this tells me is the game's
identities do matter to me yeah oh yeah
absolutely
Sonic we we badmouth like Dino Riki
nobody would give it a shit unless it's
a notoriously bad right oh yeah no it
either needs to be a franchise that
everybody knows or a fresh out game that
we do a timely review yep and that's
incredibly hard when we don't get
pre-release copies of games and we will
never get pre-release copies of games
and so that's why rich and I really do
concentrate I'm just having the most
in-depth discussion we can we can't be
the first out we'll be the most in-depth
what would be nice but I don't think
we're popular enough to ever get
something like it going be like like
interviews love to do interviews yeah
good tim schafer on the show or ed
mcmahon that'd be great I would love
that I'd be terrible at it well jackal
me Jack are we doing all the heavy
lifting in an interview I'm sure but
that'd be that'd be interesting and you
know some of those could happen Jake
Solomon oh yeah
we know someone fire axes I know that's
why I just been in the back of my head
what about the interviews though I know
I'd be terrible at it it's part of the
problem
no mr. glitch yes we we see that comment
all the time and here's the thing so
about the sonic review what's the number
one comment on the sonic review is you
should have rolled yeah you're not
rolling the only problem you lose
momentum you you're not you know you
have no gas well you know all the time
one you lose momentum - there are still
things like spike traps that will kill
you and three there's still not enough
time to press the roll button when you
see an enemy because of these the screen
yeah all of all of our business huge
issue to this at the end of the screen
being right in front of our goddamn face
all of our points are still valid
we we just didn't show with the roll
because we kept dying every that's what
every one says it's like why aren't you
guys rolling can't walk try and press
the down button and no we already got
killed by an enemy so it didn't roll
well then you run into spikes like that
what the honking
nice with that that's the finger cheese
sonic is nothing but trial and error and
muscle memory you have the sonic
requires you to memorize the levels and
that's not good game design that's
old-school the quarter sucking game
design
Mario taught us a better way Mario
taught us a better way using your skill
using
people just lie to them said well you
know what like we said in the episode
sonic Sonic's place in gaming history
has more to do with the Genesis's yes in
gaming history Sonic is the embodiment
of the Genesis and for anyone who
planted their flag with Sega sonic bonus
in Sonic is home to them you know so I
understand why people are very
passionate about that doesn't make it a
good game
good night twigs thanks for playing
I'm alright cool says I spend all day
writing Sonic fan fiction
I want I want to believe that's true I
really do why why why do I want to
believe anybody do this why is sonic a
tightness so big a thing visit all just
the furries
no no it's I mean that's funny but it
literally is people had to choose signs
when we were younger when we were kids
there was a difference between Nintendo
people in second people yeah there was a
big difference and we planted our flag
firmly in one side or another
you own a Super Nintendo or you own the
Genesis you fucking tell me same way
every Xbox in history exactly but we're
adults now so hopefully we can put that
past us but these kids who grew up in
the first console war pourable with and
there's no there's no terracing you
start that rocket up and there's no
turning it down
Sonic or Mario exactly Oh bother and
it's hard to put that away even when
you're an adult now and you're
rose-colored glasses
yeah oh my god double withering
jimmy-jam five we don't cater your
fancies Sega folks here in this part of
town what do you what do you got there
boost processing get out of you it was
the super Nintendos thing last
processing oh that's a good yeah what
was a mold eleven motile oh yeah we're a
Moute eleven kind of town we don't need
your blast process and to get outta here
beer controller only has three buttons
that ain't natural
mode seven
oh so close boost processing and note
eleven babes process
you got your boost process and we got
mode eleven motherfucker
oh the gap is getting too late I need to
stop drinking what time actually take it
we can take one more there's one more
game one more game guys
jebin don't be crude UH one more thing I
had left on my list of things to talk
about
which is in my newly revived comic book
spirit I picked up a new comic book and
I rather enjoy it okay it's bad girl oh
I was just looking around town NIDA
needing something to read and I picked
up the the new bad girl the the new
outfit bad girl which apparently by the
way is the old Batgirl new outfit is
pulled back her off and what the the you
know the the Batgirl with the new outfit
I had always assumed it was like a new
universe Batgirl uh-huh but it's it's
same background same Barbara Gordon she
you know that Barbara Gordon has been
shot by the Joker okay they mention it
briefly she got better she got better
okay
she talked about her downtime you know
she's a college student
kind of like that Derby and I'm just a
couple issues in yeah but it's really
good really fun art style I'm down with
all the characters already like Barbara
is interesting and fun as always you
know she is a she's like a very nerdy
detective there's a question does she
know that robot Batman is her dad is a
thing that hasn't come up yet
okay how could they not bring that up
I'm only two issues in all right I don't
even know if robot Batman is the Batman
yeah
these are old issues you know those that
so Barbara's
Barbara's stick is she has a photo
photographic memory Batman how many of
these fuckers have photographic memories
right and so the way they show her
detective skills is very much like I did
it in the game you know what really used
to it yeah and you know like you see
things but it's really just her
remembering stuff okay
I thought they handled that very well in
the contract and her outfit is adorable
and every the way the artist draws all
the characters every one is very
adorable but still not like not
realistic but like it's great I'm really
shame I'm really enjoying it and it's
it's a DC comic and I'm not usually a DC
guy I'm I'm glad you enjoy think I'm
enjoying it I'm really I can offer zero
feedbacks for you
oh no I and I know you can because
you're not you are no longer into comics
but either I read comic books or I have
a roof over my head right but you know
the last time I tried a conical as the
the Batman super wonder what the bet of
the Superman Wonder Woman thing and I
was really disappointed by that
I thought I would share my trying to get
back into comics I hear they're going to
turn Peter Parker into like a
millionaire or owner of a company in the
vein of Tony Stark Jesus this morning if
you affirm or read to any of that I have
not heard or read that I think that
would be the dumbest idea in the history
of spider-man including deal with the
devil it could be interesting I mean if
they don't fundamentally alter Peter
Parker's personality it might be
interesting to see him and him such a
different circumstance briefly no I
don't read it would be a great permanent
change the reason that spider-man I
don't know how you'd write your way out
of it right
spider-man is a beloved character
because he isn't as close to an everyman
superhero as beep yet hmm
Superman is invulnerable Batman is a
billionaire Ironman is a billionaire
Thor as a god Peter Parker is a dude
he's a dude who pays rent and does shit
with his time you know that's what makes
Spiderman special stop fucking around
with that
No we'll call spider-man Peter Parker
everyman I don't know that he said every
man as much as he isn't every nerd you
know there's the a identifiability that
makes him yes yeah well that's I think
that's what I've been digging about
Batgirl is you know Batgirl is off at
college she's not hanging out at Wayne
Manor she is she is as close to an
everyman as we can get in the Batman
universe and I yeah but you know she's
still a detective obviously I like
superhero detectives she still punches
people and I like one of the punch
people but she's a poor college dude
she's actually she's she's Batman in
Batman with spider-man which is kind of
why I'm sorry I'm sorry which is kind of
why I'm loving the book right I know
it's spider-man in a bat suit
oh I had a better shot but you didn't
there was no way you could know that
there's no way you could know that I
don't blame you whoever it's stole my
shot oh my god I hate it when people do
blow they steal your shots with you
clearly they're behind you they can see
you have better a good angle on the ball
is somehow they rock it in front of you
and fuck everything up it's the worst
when your ball is like just gingerly
going into the goal and someone knocks
it in and getting steals your fucking
points oh yeah to be fair a couple of
times I I to be nice I let a ball roll
in yeah only to have one of the
opponent's the last minute knock it off
that's happened like twice sure sure so
a couple times I have knocked in a
friendly ball just to make sure it went
in after that Mister glitch rodent in
in-game chat there this is for Sonic I
don't think we buried Sonic
I think Sonic's fine yeah son it's doing
fine that was this was an interesting
stream yeah see a few hours of a game we
didn't much care for and some rocky
league the best fucking game on the
planet I hope you don't mind I uh I did
on our prereq steam page
are we still streaming yeah okay good on
a pristine page I did recommend rocket
League go on both of our back good yeah
yeah you know I don't keep up on things
we know this I know I know so I did I
curated rocket League not like it needed
it but read more comics check I am gonna
read more comics I really love comic
books I always I think I'll always love
comic books all right here we go oh my
god the mega list hmm rich you got this
I'll be a hype man
it's big a big a big gay make the
strongest cameltoe just a to flaps
motherfucker z no-trump z no trope your
name doesn't sound right hum-hum get
wild
yeah you hung motherfucker Master Kenobi
double-oh-seven some Jedi motherfucking
shit up in here smile and someone is the
second li assume unless you're one II
which doesn't make my son your name
sounds like a liquid yo why be the fat
beat Lloyd X Mensa you used to be smart
because you weren't smart enough to stay
in pizza train 11 yo the best kind of
train got that happens fruit pie the
magician you a magician you also a
healthy dessert
professor grandpa you oldest shit but
you a doctor yo Vinny 69 18 your name
like a sex act it's legal
69 18 to members they're your sex act is
legal
okay Chuck sticks test oh my god I
fucked that up Jax test Rich's drunk on
power on your name dick the beater boy
what a what a what a what a what up hey
Michelle ladies having your name is like
a small French flower and I believe it
blooms once here Manek 12
fifteen yeah that 12:15 doesn't know
what it's thinking self by sector you
cut into but you cut you into you know
what I'm saying yo K for Jack that's no
that's not the right one pop melon wait
no it's gay for J right this is a new
one
there's a new one we're now gay for Jack
what I don't I don't swing that way but
I appreciate the thought
pop melon your melon yo it be poppin and
the dude 19:44 sometimes the bear eats
you
and sometimes you eat the bar no I'm
saying that's a quote from the movie
from The Big Lebowski no maybe I don't
know what big things happen in 44 Jack
that was way before I was born
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true
