Episode 217
More Space Cop Effects (Part 1)
September 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu8QBUHUZxQ
___________________________________________

so there's a warm there's a one oh wow
there's a crackle is what there is that
there's a slight crackle and I don't
necessarily know where it's coming from
bud but that's that I'm gonna tweet
right now I'm gonna tweet that we're
streaming I thought I muted that I did
know a lot of that I one you twit the
hell out I'm gonna I'm gonna
twat it up bridge hello and welcome
everybody who can who can see us hear us
know us love us welcome to the Monday
make up stream we hold on we couldn't
stream last night we were too busy
watching turbo kid have you guys seen
turbo kid because you need to go see
turbo kid they're actually just asking
me about it indeed chat oh really it's
amazing it was it was loved by all it
was one it was loved by all oh my god it
was an amazing time and we watched it
like on an outdoor like blow-up scream
thing projecting it was it was beautiful
no I beautiful I haven't seen kung fury
but I am told it's similar to kung fury
only you know better more of a story and
and more loving to the the source
material is that accurate that's
incredibly accurate see like the the
problem with kung fury is there's this
there's this um the cynical part of kung
fury where it's almost like the
filmmakers alright like pretend to be
above the material yeah whereas turbo
kid they're aspiring to the material yes
we want to make this
exactly they it's nothing but love turbo
kit is nothing but love for the 80s lock
team driven genre it's it's amazing it's
just amazing so everyone go watch the
turbo kit I don't care like I saw I
think I saw like you can buy it for like
you know seven bucks video on-demand
okay Oh rich can you turn on beefcakes a
subscriber alert I can't do that on my
map oh I see a couple right now god fada
42 thank you for subscribing oh my god
I'm rich and Mario Mario and did you see
that number by 42 thank you for
subscribing oh my god I see that number
now for 5 sorry
42 15 months you know row mario mario
has been subscribed to us for 15 months
in a row and that is kind of amazing
thank you we really appreciate it it's
true it's true we really do good press B
to dick punch punch thank you
someone shared with us we appreciate we
really do appreciate someone shared with
me on Twitter the other day like a gif
of some sort of football match and one
of the footballers punched the other one
in the dick and I loved it
fucking looks John Key was at 16 months
recently I absolutely believe that I
believe it thank you very much they very
isn't it isn't it weird yeah kind of
yellow of course space cop has a name
his name is space cop he's account from
the future of space so the stuff we're
working on today is not very exciting
but it just needs to be done and so
we're just you know
there is this sequence in which rich is
in the space cop car and getting out of
the car obviously this shot right here
is gonna be really easy because the car
barely moves if you notice here I'm
scrubbing through the time line and the
car is barely moving but it does move a
little bit and so we need to make sure
we precisely track that that motion this
is yeah this stuff it won't be it won't
be as fun as some of the other stuff we
were doing and oh by the way I want to
let everyone know that I figured out how
to how to get the light bars to tilt so
hopefully one of them will be tilty I
don't know no I think I know what scene
this is you know what scene is is yeah
I'm not saying anything no you can't say
anything I'm only showing you in the car
and getting out of the car okay okay
good of course because you know we don't
not spoil anything that was we don't
want people to know that Darth Vader is
your father and that Darth Vader was
dead the whole time and that Darth Vader
was dead the whole time because Snape
killed him these are these are white
spoilers and as per last time when does
the flaming a humpback whale land on me
oh my god rich so many people are gonna
be upset about our our Metal Gear Solid
video I love the game play so such
second the gameplay is so much fun so
much the world of this the universe the
story is not shut the gameplay is all
that I agree I agree
you know rich I agree no this one
the the gameplay each each independence
Aang right it's like each individual
mission is so much fun like planning out
the mission going and do it doing all
the sneaky stuff it's super great the
only problem is it's very repetitive and
there there's no overarching story or
word you know you know we'll get into
that later later I'm sure we're gonna
get into it very very much later missed
mr. bean a says rich I just finished
Mass Effect 3 for the first time tucked
down from the ledge no you know what I
fucking warned you you for two goddamn
years and if you didn't want to listen
to me well fuck you and out joke god
damn it jump if you feel that depression
that I thought about I'm let that soak
in that you had a chance to avoid it
right chose not to that's okay getting a
my next program up and running here
right I mean maybe there are a new
listener and they don't know your
feelings on Mass Effect 3 that could be
a thing right teachers gonna single you
out now I'm sorry
Krieger asks what I'm drinking a very
important question I'm drinking an OG o
GI I which is a tea-infused quit WI T
from Milwaukee Brewing Company and it's
a fantastic beverage it has a picture of
Godzilla McCann and I
it's great tea infused quit I don't
necessarily know what that means but you
know ok tea infused quit yeah here we go
and also once again in case in case it's
a little low I'm listening to both
hexadecimal and the risk of rain
soundtrack by Chris Chris to do Lou
because it's my favorite music to listen
to while working and you know what
I'm just feeling good I'm just feeling
good about working I've been playing so
much metal gear lately that you know
like I've been putting and I haven't had
much other work to do
yeah so it's just like I feel good about
it I feel good about getting back into
it let's see if this leaf is gonna be an
issue yeah look at this look at this
everybody here's the super fun part is
this leaf will get in the way for
exactly two frames and so for those two
frames we're gonna have to mask out the
leaf huh just your frames it can't be
that bad
no no that it won't be that bad but it's
you know it's fun
more so Oh Jack I know you have opinions
on this somebody is asking hold on I
says I am considering getting final cut
or premiere pro which yet Jack you know
I have not used Final Cut X the new
Final Cut and you know I've heard some
some good things about it I have I use
premier and of course
I really love it the question is whether
or not you're going to be doing After
Effects see stuff this is the real
question is are you going to ever want
to use After Effects cuz you know like
that Apple has its own After Effects
type program called motion I don't even
know if the motion is still exist it's
neither true but uh that's the real
question are you going to use After
Effects because if you are gonna use
After Effects then get premier the
integration between After Effects and
Premiere is wonderful
you can switch like back and forth on
the fly right you can you you edit you
get your scene together right and then
you clump all your clips and say send
these clips over to After Effects and
poof they're over an After Effects right
and then you do all your your
compositing work all of your special
effects work and that automatically
updates back in your premiere timeline
so then you can just continue editing oh
oh you know what I kind of want to
change this effect to go and after
effect change the effect and boom it's
updated in your premiere timeline
premiere i I really enjoyed the Adobe so
we and for 50 bucks a month you not only
get premiere and After Effects but you
get you know their audio editing
software you get Photoshop you get
illustrator you get everything for 50
bucks a month so to me it's incredibly
worth it to be a Creative Cloud member
where is my joke I'm try to change the
stream oh my god I forgot this i forgot
to change the stream name would you say
we are playing After Effects I believe
it's a creative free agent you want to
say you're playing creative okay oh I'm
so sorry everyone
I wasn't thinking rich I wasn't thinking
ok it's ok it's updated so it's all fine
it's all good thank you
what are you doing no this isn't gonna
work at all
what are you doing MOCA Jack what are
your thoughts on evidence I've never
touched an avid I know at least at one
point they like cost as much as a new
car like Abbot isn't a program it's a
system it's everything yeah yeah it's a
whole thing that's that's like what they
used for the Hollywood films oh yeah
yeah and I have I have never touched an
avid so I have oh crap I have absolutely
no say in habit I used to work and final
cut up until Final Cut 7 which is you
know the one everyone worked in and then
when they switched over to Final Cut X I
wasn't happy with it they didn't have a
lot of the the things that I was used to
pro editor wise and I started looking
into premiere and just kind of made the
switch cold-turkey
you know started editing videos right
Premiere and it was it was a hard
learning curve it's it's different you
know
ya still have a soul Jay I you know one
night he's he's so I don't know what
he's holding on for is not it's not for
lack of trying either
oh I'm telling guys talk it comes up
every single time and he Jay has edited
a few things in Premiere but you know to
him he doesn't see the benefit he if he
keeps editing with premiere you'll see
that benefit because the real thing is
fur and you know this doesn't matter for
Final Cut acts but for Final Cut 7 for
the thing that Jay and Mike use it's
only it's only a 32-bit software which
means it's only taking it's only using
half of the RAM they have installed you
know whereas premier is a 64-bit
software and it can utilize the whole
machine and so they'll see a performance
boost in media
or they should at least don't track this
so you stop asking I have not played the
thief reboot I see no reason to
it seems significantly different and
dumb enough that I have no interests in
it I actually have I own a copy because
I like saw it on sale for like 2 bucks
or something comical once mm-hmm I
remember I don't remember if there's a
humble bundle or what but I gotta feel
like I got it for like like a couple
dollars oh yeah I know you're a big fan
of the thief series big fan of the
originals yes first two are just amazing
mm-hmm did you play it at all or you
just haven't touched it cuz you don't
care maybe someday if I'm curious I'll
pick it up it looks it looks it looks
linear and dumb but brown looks brown
like first the first two it's like the
universe is almost like an Alice in
Wonderland fun world
steampunk mixed with more standard magic
fantasy as medieval elements and yet it
all comes together for a cohesive whole
that's a beautiful universe with some
wonderful sections and and whatnot no
that's great and then like the no-one's
like brown hammers the hammerites
there's Ursa fun religious fanatics that
basically worship like like carpentry
construction
yeah I know then jack as an owner of
Final Cut Pro X who wants more creative
tools is it worth the $50 a month for
Creative Suite cloud well you know
that's the question is do you earn at
least fifty dollars a month then you
know you've already paid for a pro
editing software right and so you should
you know obviously just try to get your
money's worth out of that
but I think the big question for a lot
of people is do you earn fifty dollars a
month in editing and graphic design and
in using these tools and if you don't
then you might not need them you know
like for for me you know the answer is
yes I use them every day and and I love
them and I've I've also tailored my
workflow to use the Adobe suite which is
the other thing and if your tailored to
Final Cut X and that's your thing
I'm not I'm not hating on Final Cut X I
think I hear they've made a lot of good
strides recently in fact but you know
it's just it's not what I use what what
don't worry about it you know all right
don't worry about it I worry about
everything else just by nature so what
are you doing with the the space cop
logo with After Effects what are you
enhancing there well what I'm not
enhancing anything what what I'm doing
here is I wasn't getting the the the
light bars you know you the the story
with these green tubes on top of the car
is Jane Mike didn't know what they
wanted for your lights on top yeah and
so this fucking just cover it in green
and that'll be easy to you know cover up
later right and then Jay you know
decided he wanted the lightsabers yeah
and green is really nice for chroma hang
but for tracking it's one solid color
with no variation so there's not a lot
of information here track cap but your
space cop logo and that door handles a
lot of varying colors a lot of jagged
edges oh so you're just gonna track the
motion with that exactly so now if I
line up my track surface here using the
information from this it should move
roughly the same yes yes and it does
okay well that makes sense that makes
sense they're like in hindsight you know
if they could have put some X's on here
sorry we should have done like
pattern a checker pattern would have
been phenomenal for tracking yeah but
you know they just didn't know they just
didn't know and that's fine you know
there's a reason in big Hollywood movies
that you know the the VFX supervisor is
usually on set so you can tell people
like oh we're gonna we're gonna need a
lot more of something else yeah this is
good this is good
also check yes there there is a best of
the worst in editing right now though
they take a while to edit mm-hmm
a lot of work on those mm-hm I I think
it's gonna be a good one uh you know we
had fun we had a lot of data so I'm
gonna say it's a good one okay great
this looks good
this looks good
or great Admiral back bar heart bar what
third bar but money also no it's it's
not a wheel episode full-on regular
regular episode regular episode a Doozer
it is a Doozer front bar Tiberius Kirk
predicts you having to highlight the
feathered edges of the leaf yeah that's
gonna be tough
there's motion blur and it's out of
focus and so the fun part is in After
Effects making the mask blur along with
it you know to make sure that the light
bar peeks through but is also obscured
yeah probably a solid line right oh yeah
yeah that's that's those are those are
fun challenges I think great okay save
Booya we're making so much progress you
know what I didn't play Luigi's Mansion
two on 3ds because I don't have a 3ds
and I really want a 3-2 yes yeah every
every once in a while I think about
getting you know a 3ds with a with a
capture out you can like order us a
fancy 3ds that has its own USB capture
out as a business expense but it's like
hey you know if we ever wanted to do it
for the show then we would need two of
them or we would need to trade off oh
god oh it's just not it doesn't make any
logical sense yeah
no I completely forgot what I was gonna
say and and I think you were probably
gonna mention something about not liking
handheld games oh yeah not really a
handheld guy it doesn't doesn't doesn't
get my motor running I know that about
you I know that about you it just seems
like typically you get lesser versions
of a console or PC game you know with a
hand hold no no there's a you know
there's some pretty good handhelds out
there some pretty good
obviously I'm a handheld gamer so I'm a
little biased
yep
there's a new version of mocha important
by the way everybody hold on to your
tits there's that's not yeah corner and
yeah yes so not actually actually do
like the armored skeptic I know I know
I've seen him comment on our videos I
know he's a fan so that's neat the
armored skeptic is a YouTube guy he does
like you know atheist themed videos and
I think yeah so does some other stuff
too like regular movies or someone I
don't know if I seen those he's our
armored media okay cool
I do oh I have to we are now listening
to the risk of rain soundtrack and I
know it's terrible for you rich cuz you
can't listen along so I'm talking okay
oh oh oh no no cancel cancel cancel
Jesus Christ I almost ruined everything
if you can believe that yeah I'm sure
you can believe that
so I've got a question for the chat in a
in a in a turn of events
shocking shocking twist from the norm
I'm curious how people feel about this I
have recently heard a rumor that Star
Wars Episode 7 the force awakens is
going to have a post credit sequence
advertising rogue one teasing how does
everybody feel about that because I mean
even even the prequels were like
slavishly devoted to the format of the
original trilogy you know you got the
still have the Fox logo
you still got opening crawl regular
standard credits you know and now
they'll break with that because Disney's
gonna pressure to advertised rogue one
because that's what's popular that's
what that's what they think people like
does it really matter I guess is my
question you know and it doesn't
on the other hand every fucking Star
Wars movie has had like the same opening
crawl the same 20th century-fox like I
didn't didn't George Lucas basically
just make some kind of distribution deal
with Fox just so he could shove the Fox
logo in front of that I have no idea
isn't that what happened there oh I
don't know that much about it that would
be very silly that was true I don't know
they're going to it's a rumor I've heard
I I mean I'm okay with it
you know it's just because it doesn't
matter you know they the only thing the
actually the only thing that bothers me
about it is uh is committing themselves
to this shared universe and not thinking
that I don't know if they have their
shit together you know Marvel that
that's that faggy guy Jeff faggy or
whatever his name is okay
Fiji's being terribly what's his name
Haji Jesus crazy sorry everyone know
that fiji guy had a vision you know for
every one of them um and I don't think
Star Wars has their shit together in
that department and so you know the
post-credit teaser says that they have
their shit together but obviously they
don't is home saying and I'm just gonna
not talk anymore about
people worry too much about the stupid
post-credit teasers it's Vegas teasers
they used to just be fun little things
you know am I wrong about that no they
were always you know they always an
advertisement for the next thing you
know it was oh it was always a like a
yeah it was a wink to something more I
mean guardians of the galaxy image it's
Howard the dark I mean that's not
teasing anything that's just a joke
well that's guardians that's that's
their kind of outskirts of the universe
but you know the first Ironman when Nick
Fury come you know when we first meet
Nick Fury like yeah that's a that's a
yeah here we go that is a for realsies
people in the chat are joking about a
Marvel Universe being joined with the
Star Wars universe can you know imagine
a day in the future once once you know
both both franchises are starting to get
worn into the ground by Disney and Kent
can you not imagine today we're just
generate buzz they have a crossover
movie and then you you see you know like
Darth Vader versus you know Thor and and
crossover movie is this not something
that might possibly happen
I'm down why not like phase eight yes
Death Star versus Galactus it would
actually be kind of awesome but they
don't
I do wrong rich what did I do wrong
I you'll I don't know but the the
lightsabres going all over the place
know that lightsaber is going all over
the place this is how I figured out how
to make it bounce is what an infinity
gem will like blow up in one of the last
Avengers movies and will open like a
rift Marvel here the Marvel heroes will
end up getting sucked back into the Star
Wars meanwhile like a Star Destroyer or
something will come and bother earth and
you'll have like two different stories
you'll have like the Avengers trying to
like escape the Death Star or get out of
course on earth and then you'll have
like the other heroes were left on earth
trying to deal with this star story or
that is landed and Imperial walkers are
are coming out and they're trying to
like storm the White House like it all
what the ever-loving f4 for somebody who
you know may effort who doesn't like
think of the Star Wars universe as being
sacred mm-hmm I'm all for it it sounds
like it sounds like a lot of dumb fun
yeah yeah I'm done yeah I guess it all
depends on how desperate they are yeah
this okay so I mean sooner or later I
mean they're gonna be running these
franchises into the ground I'm like a
lot it'll be like a last-gasp yeah so
for everyone wondering what I'm doing
here the the way I figured out how to
make the light bars bounce is I back
here in mocha you can see I made it I
made my bars in the center here my boxes
in the center here and so the one corner
is right in the center in the back
right in the back right and then those
follow the exact movement of where I
want the bars and so then back in After
Effects what I do here is I take my
lightsaber and the lightsaber has a
start position and an end position and I
can pick whip which is this thing and
basically the pick whip just says you
know follow whatever you link it to so I
pick whip it over to those corners of
these things and that should basically
make it stick to those corners but for
some reason it's not but I guess I just
have to adjust it over here that's fine
so okay well okay I guess I just have to
do that so in any case that's how I
figured out the whole bouncing pop
problem is by is by linking them to the
corners of the box here because then
this box will follow if there's any
bounce or rotation which is really
really great Len length Lozinski wants
to know if we have any advice for his
senior year of high school senior year
of high school if I read that right the
comment has scrolled up a while ago any
advice for my senior year of high school
yeah don't don't get attached to
anything or learn to start letting go
because after high school everything is
different none of the things that that
seem important or matter now in the
immediate future it's not worth anything
no like like you're going to like like
90% of the people you call friends yeah
you're gonna see them like two more
times in your entire life in like like
10 and 15 years you'll see them once and
you won't give a shit and that's the
real thing that's not even a bad thing -
because the people in high school the
ones who matter most of the most
important people hmm you'll find a way
to stay in contact with them the people
who are real learn who your real friends
are cuz like I still I still talk to
Mike right oh right right let's go but
then Aaron
there are real things I don't know what
they're doing now
I don't care is is you will you will not
care and that's that's something that
you can't even fathom right now is like
of course these are my friends these I
see these people every day but you're
forced to see them every day because you
don't go to the same school yes
and then once you leave and you're not
forced to see them every day a whole new
world opens up to you like oh I don't
have to see that guy he's kind of a dick
that's great
you know that is that's great
great all right I got one bar yeah yeah
and and college for the little college
that I went to I went to a little
college he's incredibly different and
more so life everyday life is incredibly
different than high school and it's
wonderful
so enjoy enjoy I think one of the few
times in your life where suddenly one
one day one day later everything is
different
it's like I've got a high school reunion
coming up I don't want to go I know I
know Karen might wanna go okay don't
even don't don't even humor her there
there's no good reason to go to a high
school reunion there is no good reason
anyone you cared about in high school
you are still talking to it yeah
everyone else doesn't matter in your
life
so I'm here by I'm here by empowering
you not to listen to Karen
hey listen to Jack give terrible advice
no it's it's I I didn't go to my 10-year
reunion but it was kind of ridiculous I
think it was like 100 dollars to have a
plate where ever they were you know
eating wherever they get wherever they
gather loads it was 100 bucks to get in
that's stupid it's like I'm not I'm not
paying $100 to see a bunch of people I
don't care if I ever see again right
right
I get to see how everyone's old and fat
and I'm also old and fat I sounds fun
yeah well old and fat is a great come on
I came here where's the fuckin exit
sector late outside right no and you
know high school is it was a ton of fun
and and high school became a ton of fun
as soon as I started to realize that
nothing I did there mattered then it was
like oh this is a fantastic time
rich rich can show off his internet fame
I don't I don't care enough about these
people to want to show off my my my
z-list
internet celebrity this
right yeah
the Z list I mean you're at least X
maybe maybe I don't know I don't know
how those numbers work no I'm pretty
good length lenses he says I already
hate almost everyone in my grade well
that's that's good because like I said
you're never going to sue these people
again
you got relationship you have with your
classmates becomes completely irrelevant
unless you actually want to hang out
with these people afterwards and make go
out of your way to do so right oh yeah
no the the people who who I still see
and hang out with that I went to high
school with you know are very good
friends and and that was my decision and
that was the most lovely part of it is
it's it's your decision after that all
right this looks pretty good this looks
pretty good rich you sound very pre
Groundhog Day
you should take some piano lessons so
here's here's the thing wait I don't
understand didn't care about anybody but
himself I just don't care about 90% of
people I went to high school with I care
for humanity in general and I care for
the people in life were close to me
mm-hmm so I don't need to relive the
same day over and over again to learn a
valuable lesson carry the most cruel
lesson you could possibly learn to be
stuck in that time loop here's here's
the thing about Groundhog's Day to
ground a groundhog see Groundhog Day
it's like he's out of that time dude now
right yeah but like relatively speaking
how old is Bill Murray at the end of
Groundhog Day like is he like 4,000
years old
well like the rest the rest of his life
the rest of that character Bill Murray
Kirk Bill Murray's character's life it's
gonna like go by so fucking quick it's
gonna feel like the blink of an eye
relatively I'm sure but I mean that's
the thing is how you know I of course
you know character wise or movie wise he
went through you know how in order to
learn a lesson but also he came through
with an incredible set of skills and
it's gonna be fighting and relative to
him it's gonna go by in a blink right oh
fuck I'm aging now oh god I only got I
only got 20 years I'm aging now Harold
Ramis a little Harold Ramis said he's
10,000 years old
is that is that the official number
somebody's saying I know it's a while oh
yeah I mean he I want to say he's I mean
I don't think it's ten thousand but it's
it's I think it's like years it's more
than just years you think it's more than
just ears well somebody somebody at some
point like did like the map and how long
it would take to become an expert ice
Carver or how long it would take to
become a great pianist all these things
he learns and how long it would take and
it's even even in the best case scenario
he's he's like hundreds of years old I
thought oh that is sad
it said
okay so what I'm using what I'm doing
here for everyone who wants to know is
I'm gonna try to use the feather tool to
specifically you know now I'm working on
getting that leaf getting that leaf to
look right which is gonna be difficult
and so what I'm thinking here is if I
use the feather tool and kind of give a
good feather radius but then take the
expansion in yeah like then yeah we go
that kind of works that's better that's
better
rich do you care more for Earlham fans
than you do for your high school class
yeah yeah your people are great I don't
care at all about my high school class
except for like two people
oh wait wait we will be masbath
desaturate the bar below it what Colonel
rich mustard it seems weird that there
would be a shadow on a glowing thing
yeah but you kind of need that too
can you can you lessen it I can't I
can't listen I can and I will lessen it
here we go this is this is looking good
over there our first frame of the leaf a
little bit over here what am i what are
my general thoughts on Frank Miller
though I think he's overrated Frank
Miller right yeah I'm not you know what
I'm not as familiar with some of his
recent stuff which everybody tells me is
batshit crazy I'm only really familiar
with like classic Frank Miller what does
early Sin City stuff with Dark Knight
Returns with your one so just daredevil
stuff mm-hmm
and I even like Robocop too so I'm still
I'm still fond of Frank Miller though
like I keep being told he's a crazy man
now I just I just haven't ended up
reading much of his recent stuff maybe
that's the more how the stories don't
read his recent stuff yep
that looks pretty cool
yeah obviously it's just two frames no
one is ever gonna notice this but you
you would notice it if the leaf went
behind the light bars yes that's the
real thing and so really as long as it
goes over a little bit and it does then
that actually holds a fair amount of
that blur 'no stu it so i'm pretty happy
with that
i'm pretty happy with this okay so now
let's see what we can do at a light bar
to lessen the effects yeah when i see a
little green peeking out over there so
we need to change that
my favorite Garth eNOS work besides
preacher who loves Punisher stuff is
pretty good I never read hitman so I
don't know I don't know how good hit man
is he wrote hitman well the comic book
hitman okay
here we go yeah that's pretty good
okay so now we want to diminish the glow
effect is our thought right that's that
thought let's see here
have I played any of the hitman games I
kind of played the first one and I
really liked it but my computer was a
piece of shit at the time and it would
take like an individual level like
literally 25 to 35 minutes to load I
didn't have very much RAM apparently and
I think every time you died it would
want to reload the whole level so as
much as I loved what was going on it was
too big a pain in the ass to play it
mm-hmm and that was my only real
experience but they had ban series yeah
want to say like I played that first
hitman game I think everybody did okay
that's fine I played it on the console
whatever fun am I gonna put any Easter
eggs oh I should I should put a little
thing somewhere but we finished we can't
tell Jay okay I'm sure Jay is here right
now listening but nobody tell Jay that
we're gonna put an easter egg
oh we don't have to be really subtle
that's a good idea we should put an
easter egg somewhere somewhere in the
effects ridge yeah we should oh my god
Phoenix I'm not gonna put spikes in no
that's it I'll put a I'll put a Showbiz
Pizza Bear somewhere in that's exactly
at Mario Mario I don't think this is an
authorised Easter Egg I don't I don't
know how I feel about this you won't
even notice you won't even notice I'm
gonna put a Showbiz Pizza bear somewhere
you'll never even notice it
people people listening to this stream
will notice it and and yes somewhere and
I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna show
you where I'm gonna put it in so you
guys won't know but I will put a showbiz
piece of air somewhere
damn space come just ask me more about
my older computers and how good they
were like when when doom came out hmm
and I was a big fan of Wolfenstein so I
was fucking stoked for doom but I I
didn't even have you know a Pentium like
that was a big deal back then when the
first Pentiums came out and I was like
you know how you get like shrink down
the window size I was like playing doom
the shareware doin like this little tiny
like two inch by three inch window
because that was the only way I could
get it to run smoothly mm-hmm nice not
really you know we all we do what we can
I read like being out of business trip
once and bringing my my laptop with and
I really wanted to play tf2 or something
and so just turning the resolution down
to something insane like Nintendo 64
resolution to play Team Fortress 2 on my
laptop in a hotel yeah it was you know
we do what we can rich chad was saying
you didn't need a pentium for look
whatever i had when doom came out was a
piece of shit okay
shit doesn't do now like didn't they
just get doomed to run on an ATM you
know but your computer it couldn't it
couldn't handle it
barely barely all right I'm doing a ram
preview now to see how this looks sort
of smaller levels without much going on
I think
a little bit bigger window who stick
Lords that's a good idea too is I should
just literally put an Easter egg
somewhere like a painted egg like a
literal Easter egg as an easter egg
has that been done I don't know I'm sure
that happens all the time there's
obvious joke when you can't think of
anything else did you for any strike
that's the most derivative Easter Egg
that's ever happened
I'm very disappointed yeah yeah right
you put like a little tiny Waldo
somewhere a little Waldo yeah here's my
own well no no I mean we're doing
showbiz
so here's my problem is it's not it's
not matching the movement why isn't it
matching the movement rich I am NOT
saying movement mesh stuff on my screen
right now so I don't know I don't know
what it's doing it's not doing what it's
supposed to be doing I'll tell you that
chata suggesting a reflection of the
pizza bearer in the window no I'm not
doing it in any I won't put the pizza
bear in any of the shops that you see me
work on because then you'll know where
it is I wouldn't do it listen this seems
good enough right right no it's it's
going to be it's going to be so subtle
than very few like no one would notice
it while watching obviously and even
people looking for it might not find it
for the record this is this shot you're
looking at as part of my favorite scene
in the film oh yeah yeah I think I like
that sequence ma'am we haven't a small
issue here we have a small issue hold on
where's my corners - my corners match
pause pause to see how much of a dummy
Jack is I might be a huge dummy
no those move okay so these are my these
are my corner pins you know these are my
templates and you see like the corner
pins move with the cars and my light
bars are linked to the corner pins but
the light bars don't move with the cars
I can't help you at all oh no I know you
can't I'm just I'm just trying to I'm
just talking it through a rich
yeah you can see you can see the car
move but the light bars do not that is
upsetting it's upsetting because they're
supposed to be oh this might be my
problem I'm gonna front saber
I'm gonna say definitely that's 100% the
problem yes whatever whatever it is I'm
talking about is whatever think we're
talking about yes great I think you're
right by the way
what is happening here gosh darn it
and you know the real thing is I'm
overthinking this all so here's what
we're gonna do here's what we're gonna
do rich this is way easier because
because I don't need to worry about
bounce on these I just kind of wanted to
show people like how I solved the bounce
problem yeah but apparently I don't
remember how I did that
it's been a while since I've worked on
these okay um this but this is how I
solved the bombs problem right but I
don't need that I just need the tracking
data I just need the raw back and forth
a transform data copy to clipboard boom
and get myself one of them Knoll objects
boom and then paste that transform data
Shaboom there it is so now that null
follows it and so then we take our front
saber and unlink it boom boom
okay cool
you need to do
you know right there and then we took it
to front saber and pick whip it to the
null so now that'll match and we do the
same for the back saber back saber we
say what oh oh my god you know what I
know what I did wrong I accidentally put
in a keyframe oh my god Oh jack she's
not helping
I just want you know that I know what I
did wrong I've accidentally put in a
keyframe and that means that it was
staying still when it should have been
moving so and that was my bad
what would you appear in Lenin cabins in
skis bite of the mummy
holy fuck yes oh my god yes yes a
thousand times over yes if Lana would
have us of course yes of course yes
okay great so now things should be
looking alright doing it the preview it
was the keyframes man that was exactly
the problem yeah my I accidentally hit
the keyframe button which made them stay
still when they were supposed to be
following the other thing so it was my
fault because I cooked the keyframe
button but exactly exactly a huggie
snuggle says how is that even a question
if a little and needs help with us all
up to us yeah in his movie who one wants
to put in one's movie exactly exactly
and if he wants us involved in any way
of course I will help lent out Len was
such a great guy you can see my bar is a
little looking a little wonky already
but that's fine I can fix that oh good
old Chris is as a programmer that was
very similar to tracking down a bug in
your code I'm sure it's very similar you
know you do so many little ticks here
and there check this box here move this
thing over here and it's just like what
did I do wrong somewhere that's usually
what After Effects is I did something
wrong somewhere and I need to find out
what or just say fuck it and start over
I'm almost done I'll see if this scene
works out oh that's a good question tell
agon rich when will our LM by Disney
never never answer what would it
question is what would it cost to buy
Disney godly amount of money what it
cost to purchase Disney I mean ungodly
amounts is the is the only answer that
there is it would cost ungodly amounts
of money to buy Disney Disney owns
everything wouldn't approach a trillion
it would what's the next one quadrillion
I'm serious water approached a trillion
a trillion is a gigantic number oh I
mean no it's it would have to be more
than that because like I I know I I
think trillions absurd Oh trillion is
absurd but but even trillion like we're
talking about a company that does
billions a year yeah so you know you
want to buy them out right
you gotta tell what's the next big
number what's the bet next ludicrous
number and I think that's quadrillion
no Disney does not go quietly into the
night what all do they own now - I got I
got Star Wars they got Marvel mmm I got
the classic Disney characters the
classic Disney movies they own ABC they
they owned the Herbie the lovebug
license that's a big one they own ESPN
today they only ESPN oh yeah ESPN is a
has I want to say always or for a very
long time has been owned by Disney they
own they own everything
what do Disney alone but I mean nothing
matters like right they have Star Wars
they have they have Marvel they have
Pixar yes yes they they own
entertainment
right yeah yep oh that that cash-cow
Tron Tron is within our alums reach I
think you want to buy Tron from Disney I
like the real question is what I like
Tron what would it take you know for
Disney to buy rlm and the answer is very
little I'm sure hey on Forbes who says
Disney is worth a hundred and eighty
billion okay that sounds about right
know if that's slightly low well they're
worth a hundred eighty billion but you
know like that's just like what they do
in a year so they're making 180 billion
every year Disney owns ILM of course
now it's it's it's insane Disney owns
everything entertainment and I mean I
guess they're doing a good job at it but
you know when do we hit the point of
monopoly I don't know and do we care if
they keep putting out good stuff I guess
not right and you know it's and it's not
just about like it's not just about you
know movie rights but but in a
merchandising wasn't that the big the
big give with the the Sony hacks is
everyone at Sony hates the spider-man
movies yeah because the movies never did
it terribly well in the box office and
they never made any money off of
merchandising coming compared to cost
and I don't think they did okay oh they
did okay everyone made like seven
hundred million
yeah but they cost too however many
hundred million to make and Sony didn't
get a cut of local ending and that's the
big thing
merchandise merchandising I'm sure
merchandising is the big thing but
saying the movies were unsuccessful I
don't buy that at all anthem anthem I'm
saying relatively spending on 180
million to make a spider-man movie
you're gonna make seven hundred million
globally oh but I don't think they cared
about you know as shitty as the amazing
spider-man movies were yeah I don't know
why the fuck they they they partnered up
with Disney for the Marvel movies cuz
that would be still doing gangbusters
money-wise it's depressing as that was I
don't know if they were doing as well as
they thought they were going to do and I
think that they understood that there
was more money to be made in other
anybody who's disappointed when your
movie grosses 700 million dollars you're
doing something wrong well yes and they
were doing something wrong
they've made the amazing spider-man
movies that was something really wrong
because you don't just spent that much
to make the movie as bad as the amazing
spider-man 2 I didn't even see that one
the amazing spider-man one was so
terrible I couldn't see too John
Carpenter could pull off a superior
movie for like five
yep yeah there we go now my life bars
are moving right all right that looks
pretty good I'm not I'm not happy in
general and this is something that you
know I just need to fix overall like I'm
not super happy with how the light bars
look in the world you know yeah just
because I like savers they're just
glowing
they're glowing things so I'm gonna take
my sabers here and put some motion blur
on them that'll help a little bit
Chet Chet is saying that domestically
the spider-man movies were making less
and less which you know ever it happens
with every franchise for one for second
look at the global numbers I'm you know
the global box box office has been
taking off those people care about is
those global box office numbers I think
the global total more than made up for I
think she's not some light leak behind
that leaf if you want to do anything
else in that show I don't know if it
needs it you know we get we get some
good coverage behind the leaf and it it
doesn't it never gets you know if the
leaf was going more behind it you know
like right here you and you can tell
here let me get my mouse here you know
like right here you can see good
coverage with decent leaking light
leaking that I'm fairly happy with I
don't know if it means anything else and
big just so everybody's ready for it I'm
gonna read off some subscribers
subscribers
first I'm gonna real quick somebody in
the chat wants a free-flow combat star
wars game and my response you're never
you're never gonna top Jedi Knight ooh
when it comes to Star Wars games okay
that's that's what they need to be
aiming for not free flow they need they
need
to do Jedi Knight to again no you know
as a you know Jedi Knight free flow
combat I mean it makes sense right
you know Jedi Knight 2 is fucking
awesome I'm just saying like for free
flow combat it would make sense for a
jet I anticipated
I'd rather have the free flow lightsaber
of Jedi Knight to where it didn't need a
stupid system you just you just ran
around and you hack the fuck out of
storms that was fucking great that's
that's my thoughts on that as far as
action games go peaked with Jedi Knight
- well you know subscribers subscribers
cracker man 5:26
mister shy smile gram Dolph gram ho ho
rip with an Emma Graham Dolph like like
Gandalf
but like grandma grandma Grendel's oh
that's fun hello my Draco oh hello mad
Reiko know what hello Draco I'm just
like hello my baby hello my darling get
it did like a thing it works every 801
MC Lucas delicious
what I was wicka wicka I was like
scratching the turntables for MC Lucas
Papa Zuzu optimus spec sports Maxwell
spec spec for mr. glitch and this all
part of us thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it okay and Draco
thirteen months MC Lucas 15 you just you
a little bit late you a little bit late
on that because you buddy gotten all the
prey
was given out earlier for the 15 months
but it was never well with 15 months
earlier who was that
John kilo head that 16 John kilo has the
16 months and I want to say it was
another had the 15 I don't I just don't
that it was before it was before I had
the twat sure ago I was like that was
like an hour and a half ago rich I have
no idea I don't remember I have no idea
all right best lot amiss with 14 but
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it yeah Mario it was Mario
Mario it's true we really do appreciate
it what happens
mr. shy smile has 11 yes mr. shy smile
you got 11 but look on let's be honest
you're going up against 15 15 16 to 14
and you got 11 you came up short my
friend you came up I like you mr. Schine
guys Ron to see all the time
everyone's got you beat by like three
months something I can't sell that it's
an inferior number I'm sorry
yeah there's nothing you can do about
that we have to let you go it's just
it's business well wait we don't have to
let him go we don't I mean yeah we can
still hang around okay fine Aaron's fine
