Episode 376
More Space Cop Effects (Part 2)
September 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5ntJUg1AXI
___________________________________________

all right everything's fine I like this
a little bit better check this out right
eh I put a little blur on the light bar
maybe a little less blur maybe like
eight that means you seem a little more
natural like look at the front light bar
as compared to the back light bar what
are you adjusting up I put a little blur
on the front light bar to kind of like
jagged up the edges a little bit and I
think I'm looking at it unlike a very
tiny window and delay so I don't even
know if you've adjusted it since sure no
it's fine yeah great that's why that's
fine what do I know I'm an idiot
rich would you ever go up into space
fuck no no fuck no I can barely get on
an airplane III would set foot on on a
rocket and I would my head would be full
of nothing but but but challenger in
Columbia oh that poor Russian guy who
went up in like the first Soyuz or one
of the early ones and he knew it wasn't
ready but he went on because his good
buddy was was gonna be picked to go on
it anyway and then when when as
predicted the flight crashed and like
burned up in reentry he was like cursing
out his superiors oh sure and he
actually before the trip because he
actually kind of knew it was gonna fail
and he he predicted his own death he
wanted an open casket funeral with his
burped corpse just just to rub it in the
faces of the higher-ups who made him go
on the flight home line and they and
they did it I saw like a picture of his
funeral oh my god I wish I could
remember his name also I want to give a
big shout-out to dr. vector right now in
the chat dr. Beck there
that's a great idea doctor vector just
said that I should change the blend mode
to add and that makes the light bars
actually glow and so dr. vector thank
you very much of that it's exactly what
I needed although now it almost like it
doesn't you know like now there's no
separation to the ad so I don't know if
that means I need to turn off my fast
blur maybe turn off my fast blur but
rich wouldn't you want to experience
being weightless oh fuck no I hate I
hate roller coasters I hate that that
sensation when you're on the way down
that's basically weightlessness and I
can't stand it it makes me nauseous
I'm I would be the guy with like
throwing up in in the space capsule and
this puke would be floating around
everywhere and getting in the
instruments and everyone would be
panicking as the systems were shorting
out one by one because of my puke Esther
it would be the most embarrassing way
possible to die
you know they'd be like they'd be like
the the government Commission like on
c-span afterwards and this is where the
puke got and video me like spinning
around and I think you're a crazy person
I'd go up to space in a second if I
could just to see just to go I went up
to space I'm fine on the ground a place
simulator give me a simulator on the
computer I'll be fine
waffle tells us that's not fucking
weightlessness that's you falling with
gravity hey waffle till guess what orbit
is
oh you know what that is that's a six
science burn yeah that right there's a
sick science burn this looks great I I
don't much care that in this particular
shot you can't differentiate them oh oh
I know what I can do I know what I can
do I think what I'm gonna have to do is
find so you know I see some people
asking about um like the colors of the
light bars and when you know like it
like a police light when the lights are
on they're gonna flash blue and red just
like police lights do but when they're
off they still need to glow something
right and so yeah like I'll show you
what we're gonna do here oh yeah okay
take this back one and make it like a
brave red right so that'll be there's no
separation
Optimus Knossos hey rich would you try a
teleporter of those existed you mean you
mean would I like to be ripped apart
atom by atom and then to have a
identical duplicate of me created like a
mile away but I'm so basically dead no I
would not like that teleporters are a
philosophical nightmare everyone on Star
Trek dies different and then they're
clothed takes their place mm-hmm you
know what that's kind of true rich
here's what I think we need have you
seen the fly you if you haven't by the
way you should totally see the fly it's
it's really great okay I think I know
what I can do here I have a plan rich
well that kind of looks ugly cuz I
really like that glow like that glow is
really important you know the add glow
because of the the savoriness right but
we also need to differentiate the front
beam from the back beam I also think
that's very important
someone's asking if teleporters really
work that way in Star Trek you know
there was an episode where apparently
sometime in Rikers past they beamed him
up from our planet but there was a
atmosphere interference yeah and they
didn't quite beam him right so it's like
they just like remade him with other
energy because they were ended up being
to Rikers yes yes Star Trek
teleportation kind of does work like
that
no and that's by the way why like wasn't
that uh that was Polanski's thing and I
think so
is is there there was a there was a
whole subplot of people who refuse to be
teleported because of that very thing
jacket Star Trek is called beaming they
refused to be beaten teleported be
imported be important when when you when
you when you you know when you go to the
store do you do you get in your
your-your-your motorized wheeled
conveyor or do you get into your car
port maybe both I get into both maybe
they both I don't know rich I don't
fucking know McCoy hated being beamed to
has that a thing I I'm not a big fan of
the original this is more so than like
the the the fear of something going
wrong it's more the philosophical what
comes out the other end is didn't really
you it just thinks it is
yeah but does it matter like if it if
it's justa matters to me if it's all of
your atoms in the same grouping and you
have all of your same memories your
atoms that well I think that's the even
if it is like the energy from breaking
down your atoms is it the right energy
going into the right spot or is just
random wherever it goes like maybe the
energy that was your brain and it's not
your foot well I I want I'm gonna hope
that they haven't figured out by the
time that they're using it every day by
the time they're using it in everyday
military applications I'm gonna hope
they have that shit figured out I'm sure
the first couple of people to be beamed
yeah they died they died or they ended
up as foot monsters that's just a thing
they go they go off to the foot planet
but I'm gonna hope that they have that
shit figured out by the time i'm using
one i'm not well i mean i i'm not it's
not like i'm not a fan of the original I
respect the original Star Trek for what
it is of course of course but it's just
like next gen I'm a bigger fan of Star
Trek next gen is I guess what I'm trying
to say the original has a special place
and they did some things really fun
especially the battles I love to battles
an original Star Trek this sorry I'm new
in this movie oh no I thought you're
going to talk about Star Trek battles
like the the slow time like almost
submarine battles of original Trek we're
awesome yeah that's all but am i more of
a next gen fan
some people Chad think I'm worried about
a soul that's not it at all
Star Trek they're not they're not taking
your atom apart and moving it they're
taking your atom and just breaking it
down into energy and sending it over
there right and then that energy is
being reconstructed and I'm not sure if
that's still you once you like you've
actually destroyed the atoms
and and that energy is not necessarily
going into the same spots that you know
I mean you can yeah your your your ass
could be your new brain
well like theoretically theoretically if
they move all of your atoms into the
same spot it's like it's like having a
lego guy and taking apart all the pieces
moving I don't think that's how it works
though if I work because you know the
conservation of energy right mm-hmm you
you you you know that Energy's always
gonna be that amount of energy you can't
add or you can't make it more than where
it is right where it is then you
couldn't get to Rikers in a transporter
accident and they did yeah but aren't
going into the same spot but it's also
TV shows they're just keeping track of a
pattern when they talk about pattern and
pattern buffers is what they're talking
about mm-hmm it's the information that
makes up you but it's not necessarily
the energy or the atoms that used to
make up you this might be getting too
deep for me I think
oh and no Jenna I actually have not seen
any Rick and Morty I've heard nothing
but good things about it rich have you
seen any Rick and Morty sorry about
before it's fucking great it's good
though I think they're pushing too far
with Rick he sees he's starting to
become flat-out evil it's it's it's
getting hard to like Rick now is it is
he stuff like not giving a shit coming
actively evil I think they need to
wrangle him in a little bit
what's the the Homer problem as The
Simpsons went on and on Homer became
Leslie like dumb everyman and more like
the invincible everything everything
everything is that what Rick is becoming
the invincible what like Homer from The
Simpsons
Oh like exaggerate it too far
one direction yeah yeah yeah but it's
crossing a line of apathy into actively
being evil George okay maybe I haven't
seen any of it I I I will watch it one
day but I just have not seen any of it
yet
flying fences Rick is not evil in one of
the last episodes he enslaved Microverse
to make energy for his car battery when
they didn't want to he threatened to
destroy the entire universe he created
that's evil I'm sorry yeah that sounds
pretty evil to me so you're saying the
transporter makes new atoms doesn't it
theoretically brave well I mean if you
get to Rikers you're just taking energy
for something else you're taking like
energy from the world court to make a
Riker hmm and it's putting it's putting
energies that was allocated person
that's a copy of Riker that's not like
her this looks pretty good for now
I'm not super thrilled with our lack of
distinction between the two light bars
but I'm gonna be pretty happy with this
look what I'm looking at now I kind of
like it
yeah it looks better than deep shadow
did ya okay I'm a shadow was distracting
the Shanno was distracting to me yeah
well and it you know the science wise it
makes sense is there's just two things
emanating light right but you know I
guess we don't really need him because
later they'll be emanating different
lights so yeah I'll be okay with this
this looks pretty good great
ganga stances have you played Metal Gear
v yet no no we haven't we haven't played
or talked about Metal Gear at all
there's none at all
the thing that I'm most about ours
here's the thing that upsets me the most
about Metal Gear Solid 5 right now is
there's no our counter on the ps4 and I
want to know how many hours I've put
into that game is really letting when
you look at your save file not even when
you look at your save file you can't
tell how many hours even playing the
game and it's really frustrating because
I'd like to know how much time I put
into it I want to say I'm getting close
to 30 hours into the game I have played
that game too much I'm about 28% done
with the caveat that I've been doing a
ton of side missions and recently I just
started focusing on the story story
story but our plan is to have enough of
it played so we can film our discussion
on Friday yeah and then hopefully have
an episode out by the by next week
who knows if that'll happen but that's
the plan at least I know we're starting
to go into heat death territory here oh
no think about it this way rich how many
of you from when you are born are still
in you almost none this is even true
from just a few years ago and he is
talking about I like like every
basically every 7 years here your body
has recycled every atom that used to be
in your body the thing is yeah I know
that is that is a philosophical
nightmare and it is true yeah but at
least at least you know when you get the
transporter you're just you're doing it
all at once
I guess it's efficient at least at least
when my body slowly replaces every atom
that's in my body at least it's in steps
gradual enough that I don't notice and
that's blessing that's a blessing not
God Oh hold on mister tryna smell says
Jack if you pause the game then go into
records it will tell you - oh please I'm
thank you mister shy smile
that is important information pause the
game go into records it tells me
rich-rich cloning Metal Gear Solid is
about cloning so it's related tell me
tell me if you're fine with cloning
yourself to replace yourself
oh wait rich do you see I don't know if
you see that on the top right corner you
know that is it's time to stand up okay
all right stand up no yes why because
why because it's important to move every
hour or I'll see you do terrible things
about it I ride my bike to work I'm fine
Jack Jack doesn't like it when we go
into heat death territory problem with
cloning someone is interested in cloning
themselves I don't care but that would
not be you a clone would essentially be
your younger twin brother and/or sister
I think well what gender you are of
course
so ethically no problem with it but it's
definitely not you
no of course not you it's it's the whole
it's the whole nature that's a nature
versus nurture thing right like even
twins you can have the same genes but if
you're raised differently
oops sorry about that everybody if
you're raised differently you're a
different person you have different life
experiences there's a lot more to what
makes people people than just you means
I don't know what the metal medical term
for it is ever heard them called
chimeras like like the Greek creature
but it's kind of its kind of like the
opposite of a twin sometimes yeah you
know like like twins who aren't
identical what cycle is it
fraternal eternal twins sometimes
paternal twins can like one twin could
absorb the other yeah yeah I know so the
child that's born is like genetically to
people it's like like like
kind of like the fly only you don't
notice because they're both human oh
that's creepy shit there there are
people who go their whole lives without
really knowing I heard there was a story
I read once I don't remember any of the
details I'm sorry but that was like some
kind of like custody over a child was
involved and it's like the mother wasn't
testing as being the mother of the kid
you know I was like really weird and
then they find out like the cells from
like the uterus for different from like
cells that they were testing because she
was really her own twin you know they're
like merged in the womb oh my god that's
terrifying laughs oh yes I I didn't
forget the windshield reflection and
lash out Mabel Mabel I just wanted to
move on to a different job so because
I've been working on that one for a
couple hours now so I just want to move
on to a different job that uh has a
little more going on so I I will
remember to go back and put in the
windshield reflection but thank you for
letting him it might not have been a
child custody thing cuz I think either
way I would attest it is a relative but
if some kind of thing where they weren't
sure of the person's identity because
they were getting like a different
result than what they expected I had
genetic test oh that's creepy you know
that is creepy
don't worry about me I'm just clicking
when I press the button you ever do that
when you're in your color like a shot if
something doesn't if something doesn't
click make a clicking noise you make a
fucking noise I don't know if I've done
that commonly I've probably done
something like that before I do that all
the time no I like clicky noises I like
feedback you know oh you're doing a
thing
rich would you say Rick is just going
through an arc since the season started
from from Rick and Morty if they are
doing an arc then they're making Rick
unlikable which I still think is a bad
thing he's not fun when he's threatening
to destroy a world so this car has a
battery that cross some kind of line
what when it comes to my being able to
to enjoy the character to have fun
watch that character
for you being able to watch the
character yeah yeah for me Finian's it's
only my own opinion I never speak for
everybody simply I say I am which I
don't know if I've ever done that but I
just want to make sure I guess what I'm
saying is could you stop speaking for
everyone
yes I did not great so I can't why I
know I can't stop because I did not so
no but could you stop why I didn't do it
the first place it would be impossible
to stop oh my god don't you see how this
works what if I didn't be okay I'm fine
with that great great and that's great
and everything's great rich yes
and that's great and everything's great
all the time
I'm asking out this Indore
boom nice
this is a fun shot because there's lots
of stuff in front of the light bars the
door comes in front of the light bars
rich you walk in front of the light bars
all walking funny and silly it's great
it's great everything's great
my ad to
would you say that after the unity
episode Rick is starting to break down
that that's possible I'm just saying
whether or not it's a character arc or
not there they're going into danger
territory at least for me of not liking
the character anymore because this is
too far too far
Oh
Oh
here we go No Oh No
I forgot how to add a spline
does anyone do
I want to add a point rich I forgot how
to do something yep all right this would
be the last
Rick and Morty things these short clips
vague contexts aren't going to be
entertaining in hindsight what when rick
destroyed the whole world last season
that was an accident
it wasn't intentional mm-hmm threatening
to destroy the world he created when
they weren't going to provide him with
car battery power anymore is a different
animal intent the key is intent
ah there we go
I figured about don't worry I figured it
out
intent very important also I'm glad
you're thinking about entertainment in
hindsight you've been rich has taken
over the cutting up of twitch videos
into YouTube videos and I don't know if
I have properly thanked you for that yet
it has been wonderful it's appropriate
it's appropriate you added the episodes
something I can do it's a it's it's been
very nice you know all the sudden I just
get an email that says hey it's up on
YouTube and I can I can still do you
know I had the thumbnails do all the
tags on YouTube side but I appreciate it
speaking of which how did everybody feel
about the Mad Max highlight video people
loved it I can tell you that do you know
what it did a made it on the for some
reason it made it on the ps4 subreddit
oh really
even though you were playing it on the
PC games available on ps4 so I loved it
I plan on releasing them sporadically as
they as they come the highlights
what about episodes I do there are
episodes like that aren't on Twitch
anymore that we can't make highlights
out of I'm thinking like I've liked
older stuff we might want clips those
yeah yeah the end of the order like that
needs to be a highlight that's serious
it totally needs to be a highlight video
we have a highlight of it can you
highlight a highlight I don't know I I
don't know I don't know yeah I don't
know either I thought that was good
the end of the order yeah maybe and I'm
not gonna read out a steam name over
Twitter I don't know if they want their
name out but that person who just sent
me hitman blood money oh thank you
thank you I'll check that out when I'm
when I'm done playing the metal gears
I'll check that out I don't know if it's
the new new ones the last one made that
people liked I think the last one was
kind of uh kind of bombed with the fans
oh did it is it the last one of the one
before the last one was not very popular
no how did the movie just you know it's
awful they went that's a video game
movie so I'm just going to assume it's
awful yeah yeah Cyril yeah that's
probably right you know it's probably
right jack Geoff wants to know if you've
played Mario maker yet I haven't but I'm
definitely getting in it looks great
everything I've heard about it looks
fantastic you know you make your own
Mario levels boom that's all you need to
know it's gonna be great I just I just
haven't because I've been playing Metal
Gear I'm trying to focus all my time on
that I feel like once I start making
Mario levels that's all I'm gonna want
to do for a while and so I'm trying to
finish one thing at a time yeah yeah
like I really want to play Mad Max
there are some people like on Twitter
and whatnot you know asking for you know
recommendations Mad Max vs Metal Gear
Solid and - you know the thing I keep
going back to is which it's which which
ever world do you like the best yeah
yeah I think the general consensus is
that both both games feature a fair
amount of repetition as far as the
missions are concerned but which world
can you stomach for longer but my
assessment of Mad Max was that the
gameplay feels a little bit derivative
it's not it's not as much shadows of
more doors everyone thinks it is it
sounds a lot like shadow of Mordor the
combat is altered you know it's it's
it's that free flow combat the Batman
combat the shadow of Mordor combat but
it's it's it's altered enough so that it
feels different like like Batman jumps
around hitting foes like you X once and
you knock a guy down yeah
Mad Max is smarter you like bash a guy's
face in five or six times before moving
on and and you know like the different
things you do a little bit more brutal
like like Batman doesn't kill people in
the way that max does sure nothing okay
the car stuff is great in Mad Max when
you're fighting a whole convoy one
that's 101 when it's one-on-one it just
turns into like pathetic bumper cars
they need to do something about that
pathetic bumper cars yeah and you are
really kind of just doing the same
things over and over like this you can
knock down the the stare crow thing and
take down the base in every every area
of the maps got like five or six bases
and a skate you know I mean there's
definitely an over again but I still
find myself wanting to do it well I
think this it's similar to the Metal
Gear where it's like no matter the
mission you're sneaking
into the base to get something what are
you're killing someone or rescuing a
hostage you're always there's a bit more
depth though to the sneaking and
shooting then there is to the Mad Max
just how badly a lot simpler oh
absolutely give you more like graduate
no one but it's like like kind of like a
graduate course compared to like an
elementary course yet yet I still find
the bad back stuff incredibly fun he's
easy to pick up and play and enjoy it's
like it's like Metal Gear gameplay wise
gameplay wise certainly not story wise
it's like like like caviar but you know
sometimes I'm just in the mood for a
cheeseburger and Mad Max big cities
cheeseburger what do you like more
driving in Mad Max that take an Arkham
Knight driving in Mad Max driving in Mad
Max I haven't even driven that much a
Mad Max and I like driving more in Mad
Max this there's a little bit more to
the combat and bad backs it's it's not
quite the the kind of brain was dodge
the line and shoot you get dark of night
that was infuriating in Arkham Knight
that's a line shoot the thing that's the
line shoot the thing you're not in a
line just shoot the thing dodge the line
and shoot the thing right like in in Mad
Max you can like use a harpoon gun to
rip a car's door off and that you can
aim your shotgun through the door and
just shoot the driver you could you know
there's some neat things you can do in
the Mad Max car combat
hello oh yeah I'm here so I'm just up up
out for a second there no just doing
stuff oh worried you're doing stuff she
should know how it goes over here ding
Arkham tank combat customer says why
would Mad Max liberate a fortress there
ever actually is a story reason for it
in order to get safe passage in the one
area like the guy in charge that area he
wants you to work to take down the
enemy's fortresses it's how you earn
your keep so it's not it's it's it's not
out of the goodness of his heart which
would be inappropriate for Mad Max there
is a selfish reason yes
which we're all ok with
yeah and like I you know I enjoyed the
Mad Max movies I just can't see myself
caring about that world enough to play
the game you know Mad Max god I'd love
the road warrior so much when I was
young
oh right right yeah and I just can't I
can't get there movies are fine I don't
know if I could ever be into that game
franchise road warrior were so so
wonderfully brutal I mean they had the
guts to shoot the dog Jack that was so
great they had the guts to do that
wonderful movie robberies are wonderful
I always always wanted to play a fucking
Mad Max game and then never really made
a good one
until now now there's a half-decent Mad
Max game but but you still don't get to
wear a proper Mad Max jacket you've
completed the story bow of the game
which is kind of ass for completing the
story you get the good proper decent
looking one when when there's nothing
really to do story wise after that
that's that's kind of okay so explain a
little tube killing a dog is always
cheap though but they almost never do it
because audiences like dogs too much
that audience is gonna feel worse if you
kill a dog that if you kill a human
being in a movie it just I think it's
it's true and bad max had the guts to do
it I think it was the first movie I saw
that had the guts to do it so rich just
wants to see more dogs die it was it
wasn't a random stray dog either I mean
it was Mad Max fucking dog that was with
him for the whole damn movie until it
got killed
how many dogs get killed in Space Camp
20 20 dogs get killed in space captain
actually 19 we cut out one of them oh
did you know the whole scene got cab so
the I think that one dogs just gotta
disappear from the movie and nobody's
really gonna know what happened to it
but is this a minor role for that dog
the the paper mache scene yeah you cut
out that the paper machines dog-killing
scene yeah
oh my god I loved that I thought that
made the whole second act work the paper
mache wasn't working it looked it looked
terrible well of course it did that was
the whole I thought that was the like
the meta joke of it all
you fucking J fucking lit it better yeah
I guess I could see that all right
that's fair that's fair you know a lot
of lessons were learned while making
space Capri yeah yeah like who knew it
was that flammable to begin with
I didn't tape rachet yeah well I like
you know whatever what we all knew in
hindsight there's a risk it's wet paper
you know like the wetness I thought it
would but it's dry once it's a shame I
guess yeah do much with it wet you never
think about it though like that you
always think about it as wet I guess I I
did I don't know you know I guess I
guess what I'm saying is yes we're gonna
miss miss that's we're gonna miss that
scene and more importantly we're gonna
miss blinkers who passed away while
filming that scene but I thought I
thought it was worth it well her owner
was not happy
you know they signed the paperwork
that's out matters you sign your
paperwork liability is not
on us that's all that matters did we did
we you know clear things with PETA yet
is that still going on
no in fact we've made it worse with PETA
in marketing strategy really yeah I
talked to Jane Mike into actually like
ascending angry letters to PETA hoping
that vase that's not gonna work
banned the film we publicity yeah for
publicity because everybody hates PETA
and so we're hoping that PETA comes out
against space cop for free publicity
okay okay you know that's that's my plan
I don't know if it's gonna work but you
know yeah you tried different things I'm
shocked we're still doing this this bit
yeah this is it gangbusters rich and I
think everyone in the chat knows that
it's a bed and they're just waiting for
us to stop the bed but now the business
is about to bid itself so it's imagine I
had to ended I had nowhere else to go
dead end really you know yeah rich you
gotta take some improv classes how about
as good as improv it you gotta roll with
them punches get rich some improv
classes for the new year mr. court says
doom comes up often around these parts
but were you ever into quake
well as we've talked about my computer
could barely run doom when do come out
came out hmm so I I had little hope of
running quake but I did love quake too
quite a bit by the time quake 2 would
come out I'd upgrade it so
yeah we go all I've been doing this
entire time is masking out this corner
of the door that goes in front of the
light bar by the way I'm sure people see
exactly what I'm doing
and Hounds it's amazing work you're
doing jack you know this is it this is
the job and the thing that often scares
me is how much I really enjoy it you
know just making tiny little movements
to the mask and mocha helps you know I'm
just right now I'm just hitting trace
forward and it it follows the door which
makes it a lot easier but really the the
there's a part of me that is very detail
orientated and I really like this aspect
of it
not in every respect like right now my
desk is a mess I think in real life I'm
a messy person but on the computer I'm
pretty I'm pretty clean it's your office
still a mess with the remodeling stuff
going on is that what's going on oh yes
yeah now there's paper on the floor like
literally the floor is covered in paper
because of all the construction I'm
bringing in things slowly it's a it's a
it's a mess over here yeah yeah jack
series question time beret or fedora for
me it would be a fedora so like a fedora
is the Indiana Jones hat right yeah I
wouldn't be caught dead in the brain no
no I mean you know I think Berets are
that's a that's a fashion choice whereas
a Fedora the Indiana Jones had because
of the wide brim I don't think it was
technically a Fedora I think it was some
kind of weird-ass custom things the way
I think the the brim an Indiana Jones
hat was like whiter than a standard
fedoras brim you think what the brim on
Indiana Jones hat oh you think it's
wider than a normal yeah no no that's a
fedora I know I think it was some kind
of weird custom-made Australian thing or
whatever was they found for Indiana
Jones I don't think it was a standard
Fedora oh I believe it is Doris and
smaller ribs no no that's a that's a
trilby this is a real thing we can
google it the the Hat with this small
Ranma all around okay okay that is
called a trilby I know this because
there is a haberdashery in my
neighborhood oh my god the right I know
and so so the wide brimmed fedora the
Indiana Jones hat I I would choose that
because of the practicality I'm a pale
man and
I need some protection yeah so I know I
know fedoras get a lot of flack on the
Internet
and whenever someone mentions the fedora
they show a picture of a trilby and it's
for someone who knows the difference
between the two it's always very
upsetting to me I don't know if it was a
trilby or a fedora but I bought one once
many years ago okay what might be neat
and then I put it on once that's stupid
never wore it again yep yep
i just opened firmware says i just
googled it Jones's hat is a fedora yes
okay it's this is the thing I don't know
how this whole Fedora thing got started
but who cares mark says what's this nuts
from Miss Mythbusters talks about
getting his Indiana Jones hat made it's
a special Fedora a special Fedora I know
I know there's something weird about the
Hat and it had to be custom-made for
every goddamn movie because it was there
was something not standard about it oh
well you know movie prop I guess but
sure okay sure oh no and I see that that
Chad come in the movie is not just
waiting on my special effects the movie
is still being edited by several people
it's not just waiting on me that would
be horrible if it was just waiting on me
I would work on it a lot more if that
was true it's slow work it's a little
work it's slow working there aren't that
many of us working on it I look look how
long this is taking
well and I'm also talking but doing so
like now it was a little bit faster but
yeah this is this is true this is how
long effects work takes you know it's a
it is a slow job it is a slow job that
works best when nobody notices it
rich do you ever wear any kind of hat
other than a baseball cap what do you
want me to wear a beanie right how many
other cat it's a hat can you wear you
want to come to the haberdashery in my
town no no some jerk that's the real
thing by the way like I would love to
wear Fedora like a hat with a brim
because I'm so pale and I want that sun
protection but no everyone who wears a
hat like that looks like an asshole shy
shy well when I was like oversized cat
in a hat hats you would they want you to
wear an umbrella hat a hat that is an
actual tiny umbrella maybe I should have
fucking cowboy hat oh my god that would
be great that would be great rich oh
yeah what a pheasant won't even cover my
butt yes great fucking great
no I know it would be social suicide if
I work for Dora that's why I don't wear
one I wear baseball hats like I don't
watch baseball at all I have a ratty
Brewers hat that I wear when I'm outside
for long periods for the record I don't
wear a baseball cap because of the bald
spot and like my bald spots a matter of
public record because I like baseball
right
oh no rich is comfortable with his balls
bound I I am accepting that it exists
yeah that's comfortable that's that's
something that's more than some people
whatever-whatever like baby barber shows
me the back of my head the mirror oh do
you have to do that I know yeah a subtle
reminder rich yep your body is slowly
falling apart yeah I got that one I
couldn't walk for two months yeah it's
not just your back it's everything in
your body falling apart where's your
baseball team rich Chicago White Sox
we're talking minor-league I guess
they're datin technically minor leagues
they're independent the Windy City
Thunderbolts every every every time I go
to a different ballpark I I buy a hat
from the team they're like I've gone to
a lot of like smaller teams the Normal
Illinois Corn Belt errs the Normal
Illinois Corn Belt Thurs for corn belt
purse what they're her logo was a
cartoon ear of corn what Gary rail Katz
rocford River Hawks Gateway Grizzlies
what rich you are a minor-league
baseball fanatic oh it's fun it's fun to
go to minor league games
Schomberg flyers I want you to start
making up names and see when people
figure it out I don't think that fast I
don't think I can come up with really
don't at the MA night I'm going with Evy
Kings I'm gonna see the the Tallulah
foot-stomping after that there's really
only had jackhammers yeah yeah they they
got really good they go really good away
teams it's gonna be a tough match though
cuz they're planned the the Toledo yeah
go to a minor-league game alright you
get you get like five bucks you get a
seat you're you're like 10 feet from the
damn field you paid twice as much in a
at a major league game and you're
sitting in the fucking sharpest seats I
just there's no way I could care about
baseball's shit
I just can't care about baseball that
much Ridge it's so boring
not since baseball is the perfect blend
of excitement and relaxation nothing
happens there's there's time to sit
taking the nice weather have a hot dog
and then the game unfolds slowly enough
you can follow what's going on easily
and then when action happens it happens
fast patient when you got when you got
fucking bases loaded and and somebody
hits a goddamn triple then suddenly it's
the most exciting thing in the fucking
world I love you have to be paying
attention at that point and by that
point I'm usually drunk and asleep see
that's the beauty baseball happens slow
enough that you you you you you don't
have to be paying 100
set of attention to 100% of the time or
you'll miss something when that pitch
starts to happen you know there's gonna
be this way you know to pay attention
you're the back to the fat you know to
look and see what's going on mm-hmm
if you're not watching the game to begin
with and usually when there's people on
base and exciting things are going on
you are yeah you know I've just never
cared I don't know you know what and I
don't know if I've ever tried to care
about a sport it just doesn't matter to
me anybody who thinks is born actually
go to a game what a nice day
I've been to James on a nice day I
thought the same damn thing until Karen
dragged me to a Windy City Thunderbolts
baseball game and I loved it I fell in
love I mean I guess you know deal I've
only been to brewer's games yeah there
are local team but I've been to Brewers
games because you know our family I have
friends that want to go to a game it's
like yeah I'll tailgate and get drunk
with you guys if that's what you want
and I just I'm just tell was terribly
bored the game starts and you know like
I'm usually into it when the game starts
you know all right
pictures are happening hit sir hitting
if he's out standing in the field again
baseball became popular because you can
listen to a game on the radio and not
miss a thing you know exactly what
fucking happened mmm baseball's built
for radio yeah I'm gonna go ahead and
say that that's a very accurate
statement right
that is a very accurate what happens in
baseball is clearly and easily able to
be defined it's it's not like watching a
hockey game where people are just flying
all fucking over the place somebody's
getting checked on one side father pucks
been passed over there I mean while the
goalie is getting up things are going
out of one time well you know it's just
like a hockey game same like that
basketball hmm
football things are going all over the
on the field when things are happening
baseball it's like any hit the ball and
it's double and then the bases are
loaded this we've won 2nd 3rd and 1st
and when things happen they happen fast
and yet there's enough time between
things and you can describe it describe
it easily that's great yes Herk hockey
is great to watch terrible to listen to
on the radio which i think is my point
mm-hmm I just I just stepped on the
volume control for my headset and I my
my ears are going to hurt every time you
talk but that shouldn't fix that I'm not
gonna have to talk to that rich do you
have any thoughts about Formula One
racing no it's the most boring thing to
watch like NASCAR
why why why the fucking anybody watching
things I'm not NASCAR everyone agrees
NASCAR sucks for most formulas when I
believe it has tracks that you have to
make more than left turns on is it
slightly more exciting and then the
funny cars you know they have the big
wheels no no those ones it just goes
straight right no that's a that's a drag
racing okay drag racing might be the
dumbest thing yeah
yes second only to NASCAR okay okay like
my cock can go super fast right like
wicked fast right
it doesn't do too well at turning so I
say we race but don't turn none huh
I don't I don't understand the pit stop
either way like you're in first place
yeah and then you have to have a pit
stop are you still at first how does it
work nobody knows nobody knows nobody
scares ever everyone is way too busy
getting drunk and finger banging their
sister nobody in NASCAR cares about at a
NASCAR game but they didn't think
somebody was gonna die in a horrible
flaming wreck exactly exactly
no no NASCAR will never ever make any
sense to me never ever make any sense
I'm sure much like every sport there are
those people who are like no if you
really pay attention like there's this
whole meta for NASCAR right Thank You
Chad for hearing my my incest joke I
thought it was pretty funny but that's
NASCAR you know that's that's that's
what it is
people people dig it I don't give a fuck
necessarily it's not it's not a part of
my life that I need to be concerned with
so this is a pretty good door mask right
here this is a pretty good door mask I'm
pretty happy with this I'm happy for you
you should be a little bit oh my god I
just burped rich that was terrible
terrible I got I got a fuckin headset on
what am I gonna do oh that's right your
mic is attached to your face yep
I don't know what you're gonna do that I
want here no I can't play that suppose I
could try it burp out of my ass but that
would take a while don't burp out of
your ass man don't do it I believe in
you what time is it 11:00 a little after
11:00 yeah we'll go for a little bit
longer we'll get a couple more things on
this one shot done okay
next video job Jackson jackets is gonna
be a NASCAR commercial it wouldn't
surprise me what would you do I mean
whatever they wanted it that's that's
the number one rule of freelances if
you're paying me I will do whatever the
fuck you want me to do that is my number
one rule if you're not paying me then
then I get to decide some things but
NASCAR wants to give me some money I'll
make whatever fucking commercial they
want for enough money I'll get in front
of the camera and just be like NASCAR is
the fucking greatest sport ever and
Obama is the worst president in the
history of the United States I will say
that for another call back I get it yeah
call back I get it
you know that was for everyone what
stream was that oh god that was so long
ago that was so long ago rich I can't
even remember Texas Texas seems like
forever ago
for whatever reason I just relisted a
part of whatever stream that was I don't
remember what stream that was
I was that yeah no I I have a price that
price is me being able to pay the bills
yep yep
obviously like if I'm more like you know
NASCAR is just something I don't care
for you know that's that's not gonna
take a lot of money to convince me to do
a NASCAR commercial it's like oh I don't
care for this but people like it so good
for them if it was something I was
ethically against it would take a
shitload of money you know like if
someone wanted me to make like a pro
rape commercial really like a commercial
that was like endorsing rape that would
take basically I would just need enough
money where I would never have to work
again because I would never work again
right would I make it maybe I don't know
I might have gone too far that's okay is
there a person we go too far all the
time
Wrigley's as an actor as an act or is
there is there a price that you would
act in a pro rape commercial no I
wouldn't act appropriate you would never
act in a pro racer you know let's let's
you know like they were Cherise Potter I
don't know that I would yeah I guess I
don't know if I would either jokingly
I'm gonna say you for the right price
absolutely you know some things are just
off limits yeah yeah I mean you're right
you're right but you know like 20
million dollars maybe
is what I can say jokingly because it
will obviously never happen you would
lose the family or trying to support uh
you know but then my kids could go to
college and I think they would like that
paying all sorts of bills all the time
have food every day full rapes a weird
one because that is never going to
happen
well that's that's why it's so you know
that that's a that's the most outlandish
right you would have to find something
that's at least plausible and asked me
that question at least plausible yeah
that's interesting so like you know
that's kind of inspiring me here and I
think they said this Pro Bill Cosby
commercial like it's a PR thing oh sure
like Bill Cosby wants to be like I'm a
good guy yeah yeah okay that's
interesting so you're like me so what
would it take for you to be in a coma
like a commercial saying I'm famous
internet celebrity rich Evans and I want
to talk positively about Bill Cosby you
know you have to put your putting your
reputation on the line for Bill Cosby
how much money yeah I don't know I don't
know but you know because once you start
talking about millions
that's awful tempting that's awful
tempting it's awful tempting you know
what Bill Cosby is not the same as Pro
rape mr. glitch because it's all alleged
he hasn't been convicted of anything he
hasn't been convicted of every end of
anything until like I still think he did
it though oh sure sure oh sure yeah like
how much would it take for you to
support Trump for president you know
what that's never gonna happen anyway
that's about as likely as a pro rape
commercial yeah so you know I would do
that just for the yucks to make myself
feel better I can give part of the
proceeds to Bernie Sanders there you go
everybody's feeling the Bern rich
everybody's feeling the Bern I am I'm
seeing stickers everywhere now I live in
a fairly liberal neighborhood though so
it's not it's not terribly surprising I
just I I thought I'd see more Hillary
not obviously we're not getting into
political talk yeah I'd like to steer it
away from there yeah yeah I think I
think right or left from pasilla joke
yeah I think I think every I think
everyone agrees on that yeah yeah all
right I think I have the door mask done
which I'm pretty excited about
all right let's take a look at this
let's take a look at this look at that
rich look at that rich Evans beautiful
acting right there there's a couple
verbals here so what's the hold or mask
thing about oh sorry yeah sorry forgot
so what i'm doing here is much like for
anyone just joining us
which I guess is the thing that couldn't
be happening so the space cop car has
these light beams on top and in order to
put in the light beams obviously
anything new that's in front of the
light beam let me go back to MOCA here
anything that's in front of the light
beam has to come out and so what I need
to do is in order to create the light
beam I need to mask out everything
that's going to appear in front of it
and add it to a new layer so it's in
front of it and so that's what I've been
doing with the door here so like I'll
have to do the door and then eventually
like when rich comes out I'll have to do
the same thing with a rich is like mask
out his figure as he stumbles and walks
and then after I have both rich and the
door masked out I can track the green
bars to put the light beams on
I think it's going pretty well pretty
well the Chad is asking why you're not
just keying out because there are parts
of the light bars here if I go back to
After Effects here there are parts of
the light bars let me turn off the glow
I should here there are the the front of
the green bars that are the silver that
won't Kiat and then loop see and then
tracking would be a little bit of a
nightmare I mean I guess you could still
track the kind of the same way and
that's what Jay wanted so you just kind
of do what Jay wants and if you key out
making the glow happen I think would be
difficult well you know making a glow
happen on top of that just from keying
it out and then you'd still have these
silver discs in the front which i think
would be a big problem yeah you know to
have the silver discs and then I'm like
a glowing bar and like I said more more
so it's that's just what Jay wanted he
said he said give me some light sabers
on top here and I said okey-dokey and I
like how this looks you know like if you
look at it with the glow that looks
future II that's fun
Kilroy bucks Punk says and isn't some
for sure is a key out the light bar then
key met the silver ends question mark
then key map this silver ends you could
can fly farther than key matha yeah like
and you you could owe it like really you
could you could keep out the light bar
and then just kind of extend the light
bar a little bit and they would give you
the same effect but like I said this is
just what this is the look that Jay
wanted for the light bars he wanted this
kind of glowing thing and it really
looks cool when you
if you just keyed out can do the glow
right that would be the really hard part
and there's okay probably a way to do it
but here it's very it's very easy you
know to add that nice red and blue I'm
gonna add them really quick here so you
all can see like a dark blue
you know like look at that and look at
that red and blue glow and then I'll
have them alternate you know like where
one goes red then one goes blue and
they'll kind of flash back and forth and
I think that's super cool okay I think I
did something else too I think I uh one
other here's another preset to really
make the color vibrant yeah I think I
did this yeah this is what I did
somebody else is just saying what if you
just kid on the the parts where the door
opens I think you're and have a weird
issue where it looks different oh and I
could yeah and you know that really you
know I'm just doing this to be as nice
as possible you could keep out but kini
leaves a lot of artifacts it's very
render heavy and I just you know I want
it to look nice and and kill right mix
Punk IIIi knew that you didn't know what
you're talking about you're just trying
to suggest that's why that's why I made
sure to say that you way had a question
mark at the end of that mm-hmm we do
everything everything's cool oh yeah no
I mean there's you're free to ask
questions you know that's yeah that's
cool I like this they're like you had
the this vibrance thing on top of it
then you get this really cool like deep
red and blue glow to the lights that's
really cool and Spacey's that's so space
copy sir BP what's what's middle gear
sell at five I've I've never heard of
that is there a new Metal Gear Solid
game coming out Metal Gear Solid five
I think there's a new game coming out
rich we should have we should have on
them I said he said V I'm assuming
that's v it could be a game called Metal
Gear Metal Gear Solid V but oh they're
going in like a Roman direction with it
that's interesting
what the Metal Gear series so this is
like the pre pre prequel where snake is
his assassinating Caesar just just
missing the bit Jack just missing a bit
what's your bed I've never heard I have
never heard of it before just a bit of
any Metal Gear yeah that was the bit oh
and I thought the bit was just then
you've never heard of Metal Gear Solid 5
the bit was I'd never even heard of it
but but it's ruined now I'm sorry yeah
and you're telling me to take improv
classes I I find that laughable quite
frankly Riffel I misinterpreted the bit
and if you would have taken improv
classes correctly you would have just
rolled with my misinterpretation instead
of calling me out on that is true it's
yes and rich
yeah so I'm just I mean really this is
just me trying to make it look nice and
then when I you know the other thing is
because I'm masking it out instead of
like keying it out I can do things like
light wrap these doors you know like I
can have the the main mask but then I
can also add an additional mask which
adds an additional feather and add to
make the the light from the bar a little
more natural there's a lot more I can do
because I'm masking instead of keying
and I you know you think it looks nicer
hopefully it looks nicer you know it's
it's all the same stuff and that's all
you can really hope for is that you just
hope it looks nicer this is how I do
things
check please try it King this rotoscope
is taking forever yes yes just for the
sake of the stream we're gonna slap
together a space copy that see you're
entertained
people did see you know like we I did
this tonight because we missed the
yesterday stream and so I wanted to do a
makeup stream and I just need to do this
anyway and so this it seemed like a nice
thing to do and people did genuinely
seem to enjoy the last room I think I
got a little more done last stream but
this is the work sometimes and I'm sorry
if you're not entertained by it but I I
find it to be very engrossing that's
just me I think our chat has been
superlative and thank you again for
chatting with me rich I know you know
like there's no game happening there's
not a lot going on but I appreciate you
lending moral support yeah I I do want
to get back to to Metal Gear Solid 5
right swish so okay well you know what I
think I'm done with this door mask I'm
just gonna double check in and then I
think we can call it a night yeah oh
yeah see you like a tails off a little
bit here
like I see a little bit of white comes
through here so as soon as I'm done with
this door mask we're gonna call it a
night
any any last minute sobs get in now this
has happened reading a posture this is
happening we are close we are close
people
what what did I think about ground
zeroes III like ground zeroes actually
kind of a lot it doesn't have any of the
supernatural shit there's no flaming
humpback whales and it's a really
fucking cool base to sneak around hmm
and I didn't play ground zeroes they did
tweak some of the gameplay elements a
bit for Metal Gear Solid 5 yeah yeah
still really nice base and it's just a
nice non convoluted story you know
break-in and rescue these people rich
this time to stand up I'm not fighting
like that spit blood out of their eyes
bridges that is it oh no no no it's been
an hour you know that peace stand up
stretch your legs oh wait stand up I I
question authority jack
people tell me to get up and move I say
why and that's why there's a fire in a
theater I'm gonna burn to death when
they tell me to leave no no
because most modern medicine agrees that
standing regularly really really helps
my standing app is is just it's called
stand that's all it's called it's for
Apple and then you choose a that app
sounds like it's running your life for
you I'm very happy I'm very happy for
you Jack it's working great you just
pick a time and it does it every hour so
I picked every half hour every every
half hour on the hour it little thing
pops up and it says hey hey dickhead
stand up and I do and it's great what
I'm almost done I think I got this I'm
looking I'm looking at the I was going
to start start reading names but
whatever oh I don't I I said I was going
to stop when the mask is done okay okay
I'm sorry I'm just getting a head start
Jack that's all don't even watch women
we have to wait I was gonna read you I
know you're all excited to have your
name's Rhonda and that's a great mask we
did it go ahead go ahead what go ahead
and go ahead and read the names why
should I
I just saved again all right why should
i because I'm gonna like I did what you
told me to do Jack Jack I'm like I'm not
gonna sit her and say Omni remix a
clockwork Stalin Liz 6005
vodka Gimli
see the new hobbyist and doctor Robocop
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
we got a lot more we got some more 15
saamne remix 15 months that's great
rocket rocket Gimli 14 months that's
amazing then clockwork Stalin on the
little bus with 11 months you know
that's I mean that's fine it's not quite
the new hobbyist you know both months
its one-year anniversary's pretty nice
congratulations happy birthday baby
doctor Robocop has just subscribed oh my
lord it's the beginning of a long
journey that you'll give up in a month
that's okay that's okay we're gonna live
innocence no obligations we're glad to
have you for as long as you want to stay
thank you all for subscribing
we really appreciate we really do and
yeah appreciate you all hanging out for
this I know these aren't game streams
but I still have fun doing them and I'm
glad y'all could come on thank you to
all the new subscribers thank you to all
the old subscribers and thanks to
everyone else we just came out for some
you know these are exclusive first looks
at space cop look at this look at that
rich look at that rich acting right
there he's getting out of his car oh
shit man look at him he's walking
exclusive first look exclusives