Episode 220
Fun with Mario Maker (Part 1)
September 26, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNG1gQ5eOfk
___________________________________________

so we're streaming we are now streaming
well that's good to know
and everything is great hey everybody
how are you doing
Wow goes was was uh was a what and stuff
you have to watch her on nope
it's watcher right here connects and the
stalkers good oh good
welcome everybody to Wednesday - Super
Mario maker we're having so much fun
everything's great this is the easiest
fucking Mario game I've ever played
every level is like the same they just
slap this shit together didn't they this
is this is fucking awful they're gonna
they're gonna load you down with DLC
what it look is the same same the same
question mark box yeah yeah there's two
more over here none of them mushroom no
mushroom yeah and then yeah yours fuck a
flag horse Milano Koopa no no goombahs
horse Network it's like the 20th level
it's like they're not even trying
anymore it's like they're not even
trying anymore and I think that one's
ruts course okay great we're going to
play some Super Mario maker if anyone
has a Super Mario maker level that they
made you can tweet it at us I have
collected a bunch of I put a call out
when I tweeted earlier that uh we were
looking for people for levels we're
going to play some levels but first
riches uh so go to play first yeah any
so go to the tongue Mario challenge okay
that's the easiest way to do oh my god
what buttons hey oh my god
play a level with spikes
Phoenix so basically what this does is
just gives you some random levels and
you have ten likes to get through so
they're random even huh yeah
that's nice it's really great so the way
I've been looking at Super Mario maker
is basically just infinity Mario okay I
think they finally got sick of making
them fucking let them do it right well
you know this was the this was like a
big III announcement I think for for
Nintendo just here some tools here's a
making a game and you can switch to
classic mode
Mario that's only when you're creating a
level oh really yeah so but you know of
course it'll just it plays this oh my
god it's not great it's kind of kind of
cruel you can do some weird shit with
this oh well not bad you should be
getting video you might need to you
might need to so much okay well I guess
I don't I need to refresh I've been I've
been having I haven't I created too many
levels yet but I've been having a lot of
fun what's really been great is playing
it with the boys mm-hm
the idea of them making their own video
game they're just like this is all I've
ever wanted to do is that guys how
terrible other levels I know
we completely goodbye summer the 4 year
olds is it's rough is what it is oh oh
that scream is great oh by the way
spikes Phoenix there's some spikes
leveled you can do it rich yeah some of
them have like custom Oh some I wasn't
sure wouldn't stop going over I it's I
can't
I panicked and that was the wrong thing
some have custom sounds and
but like look at this this is a Mario
level that would never exist you know
this is a weird level it's just one off
and it's great that's kind of great
short simple right infinity Mario I'm
sure that was an idea that they pitched
let's call it Mario Amerian immunity
infinity infinity main area also I'd
like to say really quick I'm about to
enjoy a very good pumpkin ale beer a
lovely fans sent us Rosemary's Baby
scary good pumpkin ale is it scary good
it is it's very it's a very tasty
pumpkin beer it's all and it's not even
pumpkin beer season but question mark Oh
need do you know what happened what have
benefits I don't think there are any
benefits I just figure just okay I can't
like sneak by no no there's no there's
no espionage in Super Mario maker I got
one earlier that turned me into a Bowser
and I couldn't even spit fire he was
really I'm saying Oh
right it's mid-september so it's closing
up but yeah this is very good someone
sent in saying that it was oh this game
is adorable it is it is when it comes to
space cap does every single frame of the
film have a digital effect no no in fact
several don't but you know the effects
that are there obviously for the special
effects stream you're only gonna see the
ones that do well right now but it's not
there's not an effect in every single
scene not not even like there are long
stretches without any practical or
special effects and yeah the coop the
costumes are just cosmetic it's it's
like a way of making like a figure ma
come on I was ridiculous this is just
ridiculous yeah no I don't think Jays
here so I can't imagine he'll be joining
us but anything's possible weird weird
now it's just is just oh my god oh well
I wanted to try and jump on it but I
left the room an accident now you're
saying is this just what I forgot what I
was gonna say okay Oh sis do they have
like it's just just classic Mario and
New Super Mario Bros they have like
Mario 3 style Mario we do and so far
like I haven't unlocked that in the
maker yet there's a bunch of stuff like
like for example I want to say later
this week we're getting the ability to
do underwater
levels oh so we're had that yet do I
don't have it that's weird but they're
rolling that out you know yeah um so
something really need to roll out I mean
I am I don't make video games it's
probably very difficult Oh Mario whoa
I like this oh yeah and and Super Mario
World levels - there there was no
message sent out about your stream
having gone live I'm I'm very sorry that
we have no control over them
that's just twitch being - it you know
just switch being twitch is Mara and I'm
reading the Twitter now is Mario maker a
console seller Oh for fuck sake what
well that I get so bad a Mario well it's
fun you know it's just Mario you know
I'm I'm really enjoying it I'm having a
good time I do I have concerns over it's
like staying power but right now I'm
having a blast and like I sighs I
tweeted this the other day just just
dicking around making levels and like
seeing what the tools do has been worth
it for me
I'm not even in it like I'm not even
making great levels yet but just seeing
what the tools do and also like you know
having my kids enjoy this it has been
fantastic
yeah see I don't help me personally I
know that I have much interest in making
levels I just wanna play Mario levels
but yeah and you can you can do either
yeah which i think is the fun part of
the game and you know you can play other
people's levels vote on them you know
the top ones get to the top you can play
hard way
so here's a water level right here no I
think somebody was wrong about something
well no but we can't make them yet okay
these might be like Nintendo man where's
the Ouija Luigi available or said Mario
maker topped the charts in Japan doubled
Wii U sales selling more than months to
a hunter diary which apparently fairly
has a thing apparently that's a great
game but in Japan I could see that guys
so I would believe it
making your own Mario level this guy's
dangerous
what are those guys
planet safe I don't look like something
you can walk I'm what oh okay they're
transparent those are background items
weird very weird these don't seem very
random
what do you mean you said these are
random Mario levels not randomly
generated levels oh they just show up
randomly where there's a sudden yeah
like it made levels that show up
randomly not procedurally generated what
I just have the octopus guys squid guys
I miss them
oh oh my love's
maybe and maybe that came out today I
think maybe it was today that like the
ability to make water levels came out
okay no time which could be which could
be a thing if other people are streaming
making water levels then it it could
have rolled out this very day
alright alright I realize I'm running
out of time
all these tempting coins I got it
they're saying if you spend time in the
maker you unlock water world levels and
airships and castles so the more time
you spend in the maker the the more
things you get any Glen so I got oh what
I got I got nowhere near 100 all right
fuck it you'll get there no done though
oh you got agree damn it yeah I did yeah
great really greedy you're hearing a lot
of the sounds twice oh let me turn it on
my TV day there you go sorry TV was just
a little too loud no no no no no no yeah
I know getting greedy come on rich yeah
come on
Oh get more lives that's fine no you
don't oh yeah you do get one gotta get
up there I've got to get up on those
ships rich that's how you get the coins
yeah first to get the coins then you get
the coke then you get the win
Scarface yeah that's fine
I know Scarface mr. Scarface is okay you
gotta go just go you already got the
wall
you got three one oh so fine jack it's
all good I know what I'm doing do you do
you know what you're doing
the coins do not matter yeah the coins
give you one UPS and rich has lost many
lives on this level and so he needs all
the 1ups you can get
Oh God it's fine it's fine
oh my god I mean I enjoyed the ever I
think we talked about this on Monday
I enjoyed the everliving fuck out of
turbo kid Oh God turbo can great turbo
kid was amazing
yeah but awesome
right now you already have three one of
the Macs all right so turbo kid is
amazing
I watched the the half in the bag today
on turbo kit and I do agree with Mike
that you kind of have to be a very
specific kind of person to get the full
enjoyment out of just kiddin meaning you
have to kind of understand I think
everybody should be able to enjoy Apple
well you know of course Oh
hey there you um but I think if you are
a fan of oh I hate Yoshi
I hate Yoshi that's fair I guess I don't
care about that much
toad any any peach I wish you stayed as
Luigi I neither will the weed you love
come on oh my god what I just did big
you're gonna make that hey there's peach
what oh my god lost this game together
you lost his skin Oh Biff that but I
enjoyed turbo kid so much everyone
should go watch turbo kid I can only
assume anyone listening to us kind of
understands the b-movie world and so you
should you should all enjoin turbo kid I
could only imagine doo doo oh this can't
be good yeah oh my god oh this is gonna
be great
you can do all right oh one gives you
mushrooms oh my god ones giant no fire
flowers barely know
fuck it yeah nothing it got to take a
hit nice nice
all right they gotta do something
different are they know
the axe is kind of different big axe
hmm this is big axe yeah that's why I'm
bothering you something something I
don't know what but somebody you Brian
Wilson Pet Sounds well I watched your
kid when you can watch another Maze
Runner movie I can't I do I don't even
think the first one did that well
that's not what she's supposed to say or
he or whatever Thoth is something
slightly different than our princesses
and in the castle
Princess Peach has been taken to the
other galas um you know it sounded so
wrong okay so leave here now we can
start making white how do I leave here
do you see that a thing I said of course
maker course maker you can make some
courses oh my god so yeah that's kind of
your navigation tool is Mario obviously
all the stuff on top is the different
things you can put in the world and if
you hit the the number Oh take this the
stylus out of the top of the pad well
this is what we're we're I don't see it
stylus on top of the pan on top yeah it
comes out it's like in oh shit hit the
number one and you see there's more
tools soak up that's all the tools of a
lock so far so yeah X out of this and
then the other thing you can do is you
see the blue and gray on the left-hand
side the blue and the grey like right
next yeah Mario's day and night it from
a up above ground to below ground can
you just start from scratch yeah yeah
you can and then the only other thing
you need to know is a super bored system
for our brothers on top that's going to
change it from old-school to new-school
linked up and the the little blue and
white thing with eyeballs is the eraser
okay but so now if you hold that what's
the robot the robot is how you save the
level okay and the rocket on the bottom
is how you start from scratch so hold
the rocket for a whole degree
cute so now you can start you this is it
people
oh my god rich Evans's first Mario level
and then that little play button at any
time you can test out your level and
jump around on it
wow wow it's how do you go like Duff
whore up how far up can you go go take
Mario up there he's your navigator you
can see all right are you doing it with
the thumbstick oh pretty pretty high up
not very low down not very low down and
I don't know how to do like or I don't
think I have the ability to do like
warping to other places yet maybe maybe
you don't like that alright what's race
oh I am and then hit it again to turn to
turn it off hey Elvis just put in a
billion enemies like everyone else right
alright she's gonna go for something
here oh and you can do vertical levels
oh cool maybe I haven't unlocked that
yet I have very little time really it
doesn't go all the way down Oh
so if you tap on it do you see the
yellow thing tap on that yellow thing
and now you can stretch it and oh okay
so you can stretch it and tilt it if you
want yeah
can I make level okay okay yep you're
good man longer you can do whatever you
want and you always start as small Mario
so clearly he's Mario's no yes there in
case anyone doesn't know this about
Super Mario is this right here is normal
everyday Mario and then you eat the
mushroom when you turn into super mark
that's how it works that's the gigantic
Maura this is this is how everyday Mario
is rich is gone full length here why not
this is a maximum like I can only assume
I can only assume
Oh what you did he's spelling out words
will it let you it's gotta have some
recognition for that because you can
upload these oh right
oh rich and alternately you can just
hold down the trigger and that activates
the eraser tool if you want to do it
slightly quicker I can only assume that
we're now I mean we can probably make
this level we just we probably can't
upload it I can only assume to have some
sort of thing to check for cuss words
felons but we can make it
you need to do what you need to try mmm
oh they're saying you need to round off
the Oh first one oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
they energy good the way you forgot our
thing on the G I didn't actually I don't
can you make the apart make that jump oh
yeah you can make that jump and you can
always test it out yeah my quick wit and
a half Jack it's trying to they go
another fu C word that's not fuck I was
gonna fake everyone out but I just my
brain is my brain has let me down they
go fuchsia but that doesn't make any
kind of sense
Oh
googly I'm just going to type in fu C
and see what words come up yeah yeah
actually not too many
yeah I don't I don't got anything yeah
it's fine
I've got anything I'm sorry rich I'm
sorry are you really getting really well
it's so mature it's so mature it's very
immature but you know that's okay we can
do whatever we want here all the time
okay go fuchsia yeah what if it was just
go fuchsia like let's use the name of
the team isn't that mean it just sounds
so stupid it does I can't I can't abide
by that reach is just going standard
standard jumps here oh yeah you know you
could have done somewhat that seems to
go funky yourself yeah but I already for
the CM yo
oh that's weird how Elvis is having
trouble loading the stream today
I'm sorry Elvis hmm this little there's
neat little musical cues and you see how
like automatically populates like plants
animals and stuff like adds a little
detail that's fun oh is that how you do
that if you drop it drop a mushroom pull
a mushroom down and put it on the plant
I think that's how you make them big
without the mushroom guy big the plant
guy big yeah yeah it's fine small I was
wondering how you make big enemies
there's a lot of weird things like if
you wanna if you want a red turtle how
do I get a flying turtle okay so first
thing you need to do is drag a turtle
out this is actually really weird not
shake it that's a renter oh and then you
can drag out wings if you see the wings
up there okay but that's how you get it
one of the red ones do when the green
ones do what are the difference the red
ones
stay in the air and the green ones just
hop on the ground okay so if you want
red you want red to stay in the air just
got shake it I actually had to Google
that like how do I make red guys you
shake the shit at him
don't shake the turtle I'm shaking the
goddamn turtle you got to shake the
turtle oh um and what is it there there
are there are shortcuts by the way where
it's like if you press down one of the
triggers it just copies something so
instead of having to drag out the
individual turtles and wings you could
just you know copy and drag oh my god oh
I'm sure we'll get there oh I'm at the
top damn it I'm at the top that's the
tub yeah ah I was that was gonna be the
finale
those gave me fucking finale and I can't
do it fuck off what was the finale just
jump on that to something really high
and then well I want to put it up there
you might be able to jump higher than
the top yeah I don't know put it on
there see what happens mm-hmm
where'd it go oh well you're holding
down the a nigga yeah put it on there
and hit play I hit Clank where's play on
the lower left Oh
oh my god
just right in there oh I'm totally not
where I need to be them well oh yes I
just you can just test out that almost
you can test out that individual part
and then it goes back to editing you
know and if you want to go to the
beginning you know going to edit and OOP
nope
can you make it all right I need to be
like you need to be very won over no I
think you can make it
that's too much as tomorrow you just
needed more run I don't think the object
is to be obnoxiously difficult to mol
given two more yeah hmm give a little
bit play this might be this might be too
crazy as it is yeah I think there are
some jumps name that you might not be
able to make I will find out won't we
that's the great thing is you can edit
on the fly all right Rich's first Mario
level oh I can make those and then some
Oh God
okay you know those need to be further
apart or you just got to jump better
really really yeah yep
apparently you can press the minus
button to start from the beginning
that's good to know
I find you find there oh my god oh my
god I want to get ripples oh the dog
undos oh okay
but the dog rich the dog hide here we go
try again rich terrible at his own level
Oh God Oh God that's what by the way I
love that as the further from the game
because you get so used to jumping long
that'd be the level sykes you out I
think that's great oh okay okay I like
it though that's great whoa oh I don't
even need that extra bitter
ah yeah now you know what I just have to
put some enemies in here and I think you
got yourself a winner
nice oh you're doing that you fell to
your doom can you just the time of what
the time limit oh no oh that's a good
question I I don't think so but you know
what let me google it yeah it's a see if
like people compete it in like ten
seconds or whatever okay I gotta get rid
of that ledge that's got to go oh yeah
oh you're good I like it I like your
duck placement your your your turtle yep
just the time
okay now googling oh you can do this on
the fly too so oh you can you can set
the courses timeline let's see here you
can set the courses time limit and the
speed of the auto scroll feature
adjusting these aspects can change the
difficulty of a course that's not how do
you do that it says yes you can I'm
sorry I want to change which stick I'm
just using and watch it oh you know what
I don't think we've unlocked that
element yet I see a turtle face that you
need to click
we don't have a turtle face up dammit I
don't know I feel about this unlocking
editing features thing um yeah I too was
unsure how I felt about it here here is
why I think it's a good thing because
you had you need to start simple and
it's it's almost like a game where these
are these are the first levels of the
game and it scales up with your skill
level ah because if they give you just
all the insanity in the world it's I
think it's going to turn a lot of people
off yeah I think they want you to make
good levels yeah the the longevity of
this game depends on people continuing
to make yes yes so they're training you
to be good level makers by starting you
simple so I defend them and can you set
it yeah not to scroll at all like
backwards that would be oh oh yeah that
would be great
it's almost like a game right the game
maker is a game and I think that's great
I have something flaming chasing you
through this would be ideal oh I bet you
could do that I bet you could do that
easy
just press the my oh wait
I'm just looking okay
just looking can you make invisible
blocks maybe that would be cool but you
want to make Super Mario frustration you
ever seen that
no it's designed to be the most
difficult Super Mario Brothers levels
possible and the invisible blocks are
everywhere to fuck up normal-looking
jumps that would be terrible
all right you can have oh yes apparently
you can have a missile chasing you or
like you could probably make a giant
bullet bill yeah yeah just tears through
the level nice nice
Oh No that's a perfect ending to the
level by the way yeah you have to nail
that joke and if there's any hesitation
in that final jump done I love that oh I
think you need to put some more enemies
in here this is - ah no it's it's speed
course speed let's be course let's see
what you're doing it in well obviously
you're doing it and fail but yeah
doesn't need enemies I'm just thinking
if it were to be a you know no I'm
losing lose my mojo Jack
Mayo you know you could do to make a
more of a speed course is the coins you
could kind of like coin up the the route
okay okay you know not only speed but
you have to get oh no you hesitated you
hesitated yes fuck yeah
nice nice one right
am i more of a Super Mario Brothers
purist I don't know what that means I
don't understand the question
yeah coins
that'll give people a nice little
ding-ding-ding-ding that'll be nice
Jack you can record sound bites too so
you could use rich yelling oh my god in
your games yes yes then we're doing that
as soon as we unlock that of course that
guy doesn't even have time to come out
that's complete fucking waste take him
out then you know you could you could
have you could have other stuff pop out
of that oh that's cruel where do you
make the jump where is the right point
to make the jump I'm not sure that's the
question
every time Mario dies he screams oh my
god that would be great oh my god fuck
my life will make a rich Evans vocal
pack the only thing that can come out of
the what the the question mark is the
mushroom no anything come out of that
question mark you can put enemies in the
question mark you could put coins in the
question mark you yep anything you want
and remember there is a this is like
default just a coin I'm assuming no no
default is nothing really yeah you have
to put something in and remember there
is that second layer of stuff to put in
they go hometown markup Oh my coin
perfect that's way too big I see what
you're trying to do here I see what
you're trying to do come on up why the
fuck not I'm with you I just think
that's gonna fuck up your jump that one
might that one mine let's see what
courses I have to jump perfect perfect
oh the default for the question box is a
single coin if you drag a coin into it
you get one of those repeating coin
boxes okay okay that is a little bit too
low that's no that's perfect just do
that yeah favorite no one can complete
the level everyone dies yeah you might
just do a prereq maybe I'll go the whole
way you're gonna go the whole way you
hate this don't you jack what does this
thing I'm spelling you know it seems a
little unnecessary
all right I'm fuck advertising fucking
fucking come give us a shit putting this
level out there on the Internet why
should you have anything associated with
us on the level I don't know you know it
seems a little gaudy long Gotti you know
let the level speak for itself
all right let's save this fucker I hit
the robot head hit that robot head
and where did we put this or any empties
bottom yeah so you can make your home
okay basically huh so you make your home
game then basically yeah yeah I haven't
done this with the coins oh yeah oh look
at that what how do I put that there
what happened what happened what
happened what how did I do that do what
a floating platform just appeared I
don't why did you press the screen I
might have in new super mario brothers u
option if someone has the gamepad and
someone else is playing with a Wii mode
you can like tap the screen to catch
them if they fall Oh that'd be a feature
from that mr. Ben oh that's a very funny
Metal Gear Solid reference we're not
talking about Metal Gear Solid tonight
we're saving all of our brain juice dude
we're going to record our conversation
on Friday and so we are we are close to
finishing the game hopefully
hey hey hey pretty nice well now I want
to play this level now I want to play
let's see if I can beat it
let's go nope just just write died right
away there I got use of a little bit
this whole thing this whole things are
like a trust exercise I can do this I
can do this and ideally you'd find like
just just a little bit longer than the
shortest amount of time you need to
complete it you never be the time of it
absolutely absolutely give you give them
no breaks you can't stop running I love
it
like oh oh that's so devilish enables I
love it here we go here we go here we go
I'm gonna be Rich's level
I'll show you like a level hope that I
made and I'll try to make a new one and
then we'll start playing other people's
loves cuz it's infinity Mario I need a
wee you know yeah yeah just for Mario
maker
I don't know Josie's could make a few
other things maybe maybe mode I mostly
this Safari Oh too much back with too
much back but on it this is fun
this is a fun thing this game in general
yeah I mean that we you you know it's
fine
is it too hard no no I just yeah like
it's you know the love this levels about
memorization and so I just haven't
nailed down the timing for the for the
things yet I think
damn Koopas let play this level while
listening to Pink Floyd's the wall it
all lines up uh you know what I did but
I've always had trouble with even when I
was younger is a timing the jump off of
the Koopas to give you the super jump
yeah I've never like I've always had
difficulties of event I don't know why I
mean jumping jumping on any enemy that
that makes you Empire yeah come on I
have to be rich I think I hey I'd
probably do my own level I'm gonna be
rich his level of these funds and then
we'll put it out to the world at least
title it the same file previously
recorders and a possibility or
absolutely okay oh and I think the key
is to land on that that the highest one
you can yeah first one the first one or
the first time although the first full
yeah the first highest one that one
that's a little bit higher the other
ones around it
haha I started you know I was like oh I
ain't for that own and really like I
don't you don't have to speed through it
actually or do you want to wait to
release this until I walk the the timer
changing stuff ah that's really good
oh I made it further this time yeah yeah
I'm gonna do it create it we do upgrades
can we like update it later once that
stuff is unlocked no I don't know I'm
gonna I'm gonna say no like we just you
know I know what I have to do now is
jump jump then back to hit that first no
there are no spikes in this level haha
suckin suckin Phoenix dang actually oh
that was Phoenix and brought that up
really someone else I think it's just a
bit
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
against go to rich pots me to do yeah
you can do that and take your time once
we get to the chickens I'm gonna take
the time we keep the chickens chickens
that was a great great strategy Jack
great strategy the chickens might be a
little hard you can edit all you want
until you upload it okay yeah that's
what I would assume we could always
reapply but got us a fly here and
striving be mad ah this has got to be
terrible for everyone watching I'm sorry
that because I'm failing at the exact
same point every time yeah I'll fail at
different points that'll make you feel
better yeah
ah Kelvin ah I hit those chicken perfect
this time can we upload it tonight so
you can burst Jack by beating it first
try you've seen it like four thousand
times by this point it's not really fair
no it's fine
yeah well I've won it tonight well
upload it tonight
and then we can just reload it by the
way everyone is laughing at that last
bit well yeah yeah oh you know it's all
about nailing that second jump you need
the super jump off of the second chicken
and I'm not I'm not nailing that jump I
can do it though you may need to
throttle it back of it and it hit the
one that's a little bit closer than when
you're trying to hit yeah there you go
and AM nice hmm
boom Oh where's the the a stylus oh well
sorry okay wait did you save this
alright yeah I don't know if you did
uh-huh you didn't say it over getting
safe didn't save okay so what are we
going to title this we're going to what
do you want I don't even care anymore I
was gonna say previously recorded level
but yeah whatever it's all fine
previously recorded 1-1 there you go oh
that's plenty earlier so I bring a banjo
low battery time all right all right and
now we will upload yep actually I don't
know what information is going to come
on the screen when I hit upload so can
you uh turn the video feed off for
Bianca ah if you can see that on the
tiny tiny screen
you can do it and I believe in you there
you go
great just cuz I don't know what info is
going to pop up on the screen you need
to clear this course before it cannot be
uploaded oh you need to beat your own
course oh wow
clear course now okay well you can turn
back on the front I can turn back on the
something comes up right will you be
well then fuck it whatever I don't know
see if I can do it first try now
probably not Oh take it easy take
anything made a tough level here rich
made itself level okay alright here we
go here I think that's fun that's a good
idea Nintendo which make you beat oh
yeah your level before you can upload it
probably a necessary idea right yeah
yeah I keep aiming for the third yeah
yeah you have to that fourth one in and
that gives you like a bounce cascade
third oh I can miss it
third then fourth get the bounce cascade
gotta have the bounce cascade the bounce
Kade bounce Capades bounce Capades right
now Super Mario maker like this isn't a
complete level is it I can't fucking
call it huh
okay rich yep okay plug this in here
you're here you and beat your level all
right those I do it you need power
you need power to go on water oh fuck
you oh but I am
why Wow I decided should okay
some I think now just gives you like a
code oh you know what but we might not
be online no we should be online here
huh there we go okay I'm gonna shut them
down shut things off so we can get
online okay okay
getting online pause for getting online
do I need to close out of it no is they
did I need to close out of it to get to
settings we're sure we're we're
straining a black screen right right now
we were screaming in black sometimes
we're 100% sure okay we're 100% sure
yeah I mean we can see that is fine
