Episode 221
Fun with Mario Maker (Part 2)
September 28, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uls1zXcHGmc
___________________________________________

and dick punch all right you you have a
level then you made we need to upload
yours oh my god that's not done yet Oh
Jebus Christ prep press X to ruin Jack's
credit score I think it's all jokes
jokes fu there's no money in that anyway
alright so where we going here play - go
- wait Mick and then go to the robot and
go to load load load look at that on the
bottom it gives you like the and the
overview of the whole oh yeah we're all
that was neat and then the robot again
and upload
the course you created including any
comments you're me and its nickname and
your country will be published oh no
dude have post content that infringes on
the rights of others like what if
someone posted a level and it was just
their social security number yeah
credit card like you've run across the
credit card number I think yeah we're
okay with this we're okay with us are
okay with this okay great and Oh name
this course boss named already okay okay
just doing some situps man just doing
some situps that's their choice okay
there's the course ID name so six to six
five zero zero zero zero zero zero four
four nine d5e that's nine the letter D
not nine D designed you rich great
potential e confusing so there's the
course you cannot play it on your own
Sheamus okay so now head to the robot
and the robot oh yeah we expect time
trials
nice I like this it's great that's a
nice simple course rich yeah yeah how
are the owners are pretty simple yeah
it's just one that's it's one - I head
to the robot and go to load load load
and then let's see here I don't think
like any of them are good yet yeah yeah
yeah go up yeah try one one - one that's
first one you did and you know that
might even be the tutorial one I think
you know like that's it sorry one like
just sends you through well that's not
where I am at all just press the minus
button this is mine yeah this mine is it
yeah how did you download it I'm saying
did something wrong well yeah
yes load that course god damn but I
forget it like I'm niblet oh yeah okay
yeah nevermind go and go to the load
again well why is all this VV tutorial
is it doesn't that yours
yeah this is the tutorial okay okay I
actually hold on for a second
hold on for a second people Oh everyone
I guess everyone should know that if you
play our course now while we are
streaming people will see your we name I
just saw someone's we need another
bottom line oh yeah I need to change
that setting really quick notifications
to course creators notifications about
my course don't receive okay there we go
now you can play without your username
popping up on screen
this was the this was the first course
that I made yeah yeah obviously
just stick oh my god what oh that's
weird as hell I don't think I don't know
how I did then you skinny Mario I can't
jump on them at all
haha you fell for my trap Ridge oh yeah
yeah i trapped you so now you can't get
those coins can use the stars how weird
skinny Mario yeah yeah that was weird I
don't know how that much from getting
that nice easy flagpole there jack you
know yeah more so I wanted a I'm a
creation I wanted to trick people
because I knew everyone would go for
that star all right right and so by
going for the star you uh you give up on
the coins
no not gonna happen it's fine it's all
fine
oh my god rich yep not doing great
Ronnie speedrun this speedrun have so
many things something he would jump I
was predicting he would jump but I would
run on Herman that would be ultra
dramatic but it didn't it didn't work
out that way speed on success nice no in
what is it what is that 9 seconds you
did it in the nine seconds rich nice oh
I don't want to go back to my so Kevin
this is rich playing by the way do the
thing this is rich all right what else
should I play Jax is rich my mouth you
wanna play some some sir is there
another one you did you want to show off
or not really oh no no the other ones
like you can say what's her name the
other ones the boys made yeah like if
you want to do the Goomba one you can
see what my oldest boy made not that one
never yeah no not that one the one out
there the goo yeah that one whatever
that's called it's called the Goomba
death this he named him - the Goomba dad
the Goomba that he named him - so this
is this is a seven year olds level this
is the seven year olds idea I'm not
saying many goombas are deaf yet that's
kind of clever you need the yeah you
need the trampolines so when they're bad
guys and they're all cruel wait oh my
god you can't beat a seven-year-old
I couldn't jump on that turtle you can
jump on the throne I did I should have
let more dead that Goomba
that's a green
so as you can tell it's a bunch of coins
and a bunch of mushrooms yeah not a bad
level no no first seven year old I think
that's not a bad level if you would like
an idea of what a four-year-old would
create oh my god I'm not sure I can
handle that no you can't by the way I
don't think it's beatable in fact really
he ain't go Kyle you should you can
finalize it though unless you beat it
right yeah oh no you can find I mean you
can keep it saved here which one the big
giant I don't think is beatable okay no
no no no no no worse than Jax that's
right that's right it's a first effort
go easy go easy it's fine I don't I
don't take any offense okay this is oh
yeah this is the level of four-year-old
Chris go ahead rich all those guys I'm
wait ten hours fine no you start
yourself up there yeah you know what
other than that start it's not terrible
I'm a mess well you haven't got very far
yet Oh jerk what are you doing are you
editing I'm gonna make it possible we
don't have to save him no say you should
save it yeah like you said you're making
it possible
it's just a coin I hate even bother like
a mushroom and no I don't know exactly
you're seeing into the mind of madness
that's exactly my four-year-olds to mind
of madness oh if you could make it in
there that's not bad there's not a
bubble make it in there I'm gonna try
one more time yep I'm gonna give you
four year-old the benefit of the doubt
don't know he might be a Mario prodigy
Jack no there maybe just maybe just
momentum actually that vehicle trick
what have a jump where you can only beg
just fight like momentum running and
sliding into the right hole that'll be
great
Oh like trick people yeah you know right
now I need to get Mario maker put in the
budget Oh useless goombas oh my god oh
they're called the hidden Goomba okay
yeah you can't proceed now you just
can't all right
we're loading up from some from people
I'll go hit my courses what's over here
here's the pen I don't know what they
drop down menu for that is I don't know
if that's how we go to sample of courses
no okay hit B then hit B what hit the
little yellow thing go to course world I
was that the name for the hub yeah so
now if you go to
courses may be kept and let's see here
if you hit the search button I'm
assuming and now can you enter codes yes
okay so these are codes these were codes
given to me by these were codes given to
me by people they are you know public on
Twitter so I assume it's okay you know
if I say them yeah out loud here let's
see here they'd probably be delighted to
have other people play their levels
we're going possibly quite possibly okay
here we go let's check out this one this
was the first one sent yep is e9e 9 b 9
b 9 four zeros like four zeros okay zero
zero one seven a nine
d nine okay searching for course and
then how we started I think oh you
download and play button but do you want
to download I don't know how long it
takes of a download space Oh got it back
we'll just play it it B ain't
downloading I just want to play that's
fun into the pit pit bitch into the pit
oh my god oh my god oh do you need to
bounce off an enemy to get out I think
so
oh that's kind of clever Oh
I know rich just went into the pit into
the pit end of the pit the Sarlacc pit
oh that's by the way I played some
online yeah it tells you where people
died in the levels okay so that's a
common one after you after you did well
that's where that's where that was the
new marker okay and then for like the
more popular ones once you die like you
just see X is all over the place for
where people died I think that's really
neat no no no okay
lots of people died there over at have
you heard of the game of bedlam no okay
according to the people on the Twitter's
it is a mix between XCOM FTL and Mad Max
it has like movement styles much like
the Banner Saga yeah you know with FTL
aspects set in a post-apocalyptic Mad
Max attack or I'll forget by the streams
over but I want to remember is there any
way I can remember this that's a good
question is there any way you can
remember No then can you can you email
me a thing or I could text me a thing I
will text you a thing that says look
into bedlam okay I'm sending you a text
okay anybody have died there that's
embarrassing oh my bad lamb okay I sent
you a text message taxman special
attacks master passage oh there it is
nice there's a fun class the end there's
a fun one all right hold on
he is that with some class right there
okay let's uh next level cause clear
okay ready no no okay I'm ready now
well now I'm fucking oh how do you how
do you get unready when you're about to
read something how does that happen
okay see one one three zero zero zero
zero
I seen it's a common thing 0:01 a CC 5 4
just another level just another level
who was this one deep did you look the
river I think it's here DJ manic Billy
Ray hamburger sent this to me on Twitter
so how you start right off with a flower
that's neat
Oh God Oh God hey you knew you would
need it that's a face what it's a face
yeah that was a face that's fine kind of
labyrinth Inge yeah
can I go postmodern Mario level moreso
than a classic Mario level oh yeah yes
oh my god they're just gonna keep
spawning that thing oh fuck it fuck it
I like DC down there the the coma it's
good that was an era that was great that
was a great try no just get up there get
get on the flower why won't you grab
that flower Mario you bitch
just let him be rich yeah I have to be
throw fireballs as he spit them I think
it's kind of ambiguous and yeah yeah
just cuz it was pixels but it looks like
in here he's spitting them oh shit oh
that's gonna need yeah you playing with
pirates you're playing with fire I'm
fire Mario those great pro strats that
was a fun level yeah that was deep
thanks Billy Ray hamburger percent and
then you try to use her well you know
you do sound I'll do you know I have the
codes right now how many you got you
know we have a ton oh okay yeah so we're
not too worried about running out yeah
can you rate these yes there's like a
thumbs up yes I don't want this I just
want to give them a thumbs up hit though
not less button oh they go start you can
start okay you can comment
yeah we're not taking that kind of time
yeah we're not taking that kind of time
I think that kind of stuff helps like
the more comments a level has the more
you know that's fine but we got we got
shit to do we got shit to do okay the
next one then get out of here yeah
comment get out of here
say hey man we got some can we get some
elevator music home
oh I can do for anyone who's been
playing Metal Gear here's what I can do
that's a that's a bit anyone who's been
playing Metal Gear Solid 5 understands
what I'm doing there that's like a it's
like a reference to a game yeah it's
like a whole reference what I mean I was
just thinking like like good level man
what you know ok let me go back and and
and spellcheck like it's right I'm sure
I was thinking like hey we had fun
playing this like that good man that
could've been only needed to say you
didn't need to write a novel a
novelization of the level and okay
everything looks like it's in proper
order okay okay yeah it's send there we
go
so I want to work for spoilers no no I
don't need them for a send that's
waiting that says please wait yeah yeah
that's good I think it's good that
you're sending thank you
yeah the content you entered was sent
successfully great okay all right now
we're gonna comment on every single
level we play now every single one okay
are you ready for that
yes I am subscriber collecting data
hazard how do i how do I get out of here
X across Oregon has a course that they
would like us to play and so I would
like
to play there of course well I mean I
know I'm an asshole dickhead something I
know I can but it's I think it's funny
when I am so I run with it that it is
alright well what do we got what do we
have we have five eight eight five oh we
got to go back and leave a comment on
the pin now zero zero zero zero zero
zero four four five five two one
okay plane Lieutenant Commander data
suspense
yes we're filming the we are filming the
discussion for the next prereq on Friday
so if everything in my life
turns out smoothly then yes you will see
the new episode sometime next week
of course that all depends on my Michael
J's things are coming out but hopefully
I will be done sometime next week yes No
fuck it I'm getting greedy greedy from
life Kasbah right I have not published
my kids levels yet so so you cannot
leave weird comments on their levels
oh my god yeah I got me I knew I knew it
but I was kind of crap oh god someone
else there - what I got someone else
there - yeah I'm not even the one that
popped up for me
no no they underneath you that's good
that's good that's good design you know
you got a need trap when you're getting
people in the same spot every time
yeah I saw a comment talking about me
wake up there it's a like jack will make
it this far
riches playing let's just mean nice rich
I'm the man man if we could would you
guys do prereq full-time I mean sure
never gonna happen
oh of course of course and you know
we'll do it it literally is ah you see
that hi jack Isaac I am you know it's
pretty fun
hey no shame in that yeah oh that's
great well thus far is the end so yeah
so they never thought I'd make it to
them I said you would huh
he said you would know he said like Jack
would make it this far
oh you know wow I don't think that was
him though I think that was someone else
playing a little the prereq backstroke
nice are you gonna leave a comment
jacket I have I have to defend your
honor you have to defend my honor
oh no it's probably gonna actually you
know what its gonna tell me I can't send
this are you yeah that's my account no
cussing hey collecting data thanks for
making the level that was fun I say it
with a smile on my face yeah that's good
okay all right here I'll get the next
one you type in the next one and I'll do
the next one okay I'll buy to type it in
for you oh oh now that was okay um we
have BD be three zero zero zero zero
zero zero four two three four two zero
come by Twitter a friend huge and here
you go you need to unplug that and move
it or do you think you got enough juice
so I get the mic somewhere approximating
your faces more bouncy death UK name
that I named George oh my god
couple more Turtles that could be fun
jump on Turtles jump on Turtles
I wanna question mark you take them all
out that big oh I want to get to the top
no I get to top and just try to take out
as many turtles as I can really do it
from the bottom let me take it oh yeah
oh cool I like that oh my god oh oh what
oh you don't get curry powers though
it's just a skin yep that's funny huh no
no probably a link in here somewhere
then oh I'm sure well I mean just in
that one we got a Samus and not looking
at the screen I'm sorry
we gotta get all those one ups now you
jump you bastard oh no look it got stuck
I can't get in there now get another one
it'll just it's in fact I just don't get
stuck down there nope actually falling
down there is harder than it looks
that's like machine-gun fire yeah I know
you want Samus it's fine I didn't I
didn't have the Giants fine that's fine
when do you press the jump I never know
how to time those can you just hold it
can you just hold jump up what up help
Oh that'd work
No okay I think that works when you jump
on a turtle yeah yeah I don't think the
jumpers are gonna let you oh no oh no
you lost Samus is it so now we're in the
pit of despair Oh Sam is still yes she
went over the edge in the other side oh
how many times is Jack after Dan is that
you're goofing around right now
you're not going straight for the ending
well no you gotta like a loser you're
exploring you're exploring your
surroundings I can't I
this is what this is something very true
about me I've never understood how to do
that yes I know something is wrong what
uh-oh
the question mark I gotta leave you so
long oh well now I hit once I know you
don't your own man Jack you're in charge
of your own destiny is where
it was a webseries and I think they're
done making it now but it's called ask
slave okay
it was some lady she worked at like like
George Washington's house as like a
reenact
historical actor and she was their house
slave and she had a web series where she
kind of recreated some of the just the
dumb things people would ask her and her
responses to them specifically I even I
haven't I haven't launched any of her
videos in like a year now but it's
called ask a slave Oh is your easy
that's dumb endured things people have
said I love it okay next course let's do
another one from Billy Ray hamburger no
I mean yeah yeah all right we have f6 1
5 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 5 9 c EF somebody's
putting his level in the chat where
should he send level information if he
wants to have a chance of his level
being played in the chat like 20 cuz
we're gonna miss that well no wait until
we ask that wait until we ask you for
your levels because right now I'm going
through I ask people for levels on up
there earlier so right now I'm going
through the Twitter levels I saw I
happen to see collecting data z' in the
chat we did wonderful world let's play
all right here we go
seems exciting so funny
I mean oh look at everyone dies they're
an interesting interesting I think most
Titans I by doing that I know you know I
was I was trying to beat him out yeah I
was trying to you have a patient here
trying to game the system you know looks
tricky no okay fine oh you fuck be fair
I think I got the easy ones
I think this proof this is a good game
what does Mario maker its infinity Mario
oh that's cheap yeah no of course that's
that's the beautiful thing about this
game is if you just want to play Mario
over and over again you can and have it
always be fresh I thought a time that
better is there anything worse than
dying to a Goomba no I know no there is
nothing we're even even falling off even
falling off the ledge is like okay I
slipped or what yeah but no dying to a
Goomba is a shame
nope oh it's the goop of the most
pathetic enemy unlike all the video
games because in official more right
there corrupted mushrooms Kingdom
citizens right so it's like yeah they
owe what wait why is there a fish
because fuck you
we're on land well you can't see I'm not
doing like a like right under the screen
Jack you don't know that you don't know
that
you know what I want to just know what
was in those bricks but it's probably
some more enemies and so I'm just gonna
save it I'm doing it this time I'm
making it oh my god jump on the bullet
oh yeah that's an idea or the turtle oh
my god look is that it spits out
goombahs at like a thousand miles an
hour Christ that's neat
that's a new one oh my god Jesus Chris
this is kind of a neat one I like this
one
oh my god you're fucked you're fucked
you're terminated this is a fucking
tough one nope too early I know as soon
as I did too early
alright alright alright alright alright
I mean obviously whoever made the level
had to beat it in order to publish it we
know that yep so it is defeatable
now like is there something in those
bricks just coins in father I got the
fish there we go that's what I needed
that's what I mean you know what I am
now fuckin Super Mario I obviously I
don't know what the download code would
be for the level but somebody actually
made a Mario maker rickroll level where
there's a conveyor belt and like the
bricks over your head you can't do
anything but stand on the conveyor belt
and then it's set so as you go by those
musical notes play it's like and goombas
fall on these music boxes I don't in
MIDI with the music box
timing it plays a trick Ashley Shawn I'm
never gonna give never gonna give you up
that is brilliant
and you just you just can't do anything
but ride the conveyor belt the whole
level and then at the end of dumps you
often like a jumper that that sends you
right to the top of the flagpole like
you don't do anything that's great oh my
god you can't see this but there's a fly
that landed right on the screen and it's
just sitting there not moving that is
very very fuck fuck fuck this is a
really tough level yep this is great
this is a great level
Plus behind a shame well that was you
know yeah that's the thing
I'm sure this creator has been working
fuck this fish fuck that fish Richard
Jack yes Jack go up area you get go up
when you get that first spring there is
an alternate path Oh
sounds like the I give up path well now
I kind of want to do it this way
maybe it's horrible how do you don't
know oh I forgot that the fucking thing
comes out right away right yeah fucking
fuck you're not the only one parent like
everyone so it's gonna be the you know
is the trend for this gonna be like hard
levels' is that gonna be the trend with
popular ones I think you can choose your
difficulty you know like right now we're
just putting in codes but if you were
just like let me play some stuff and
then if you see like they haven't
recommended yeah oh my god but do you
think a lot of people are going to be
making hard levels you know yes if video
games have taught us anything that there
is a very devoted fanbase to hardest
balls games
right yeah demon shrooms demons
oh my oh my god like demon salsa no it's
on a thing oh I get it now
I get it now yeah wasn't that great I
tried it wasn't that great though run
run oh no oh my god oh my god okay so
that is equally as hard I don't know
this is good well don't forget to start
and leave a comment I will leave for
coming it's getting past those hammer
bros I kind of don't like that the
second mushroom isn't automatically a
fire flower yeah Oh denied fuck denied
oh no this is super good level over a
hammer brother with low clearance oh my
god
well you can't go through them you go
under when they jump yeah but he would
he had low clearance - oh they can jump
over they can jump over at least they
can in the classic game they can jump
over I thought I'd hit him in one hole
Sasori threw the hammer I was trying to
hit him in the head before through the
head
alright
nobody knows the hard stuffs hard balls
oh you're playing at night yeah that's
what yeah I'm a face fish what where to
go I don't know how did he get sucked
into that cannon
maybe Oh Oh barely
oh my god that's what I was trying oh my
god what the fuck is that I don't know
I'm just running oh my god oh my god oh
no I got it
Jesus Christ
Richard confirm for not having an indoor
voice like you looked like everyone
didn't already know that my voice is two
speeds I'm all ridiculous
chef sang witness witness yeah
witness one witness you oh but they are
a tear of the fence because witnesses
only one like you like suicide to
accomplish something you know I need I
need to rewatch Mad Max again I need to
her I've already seen it like three
times since it was in the theater yeah
yeah I need to I think it's okay just
came out on DVD blu-ray recently or how
I replayed oh look at what that one says
Zelda down there if you get x 'it can
play it all right let's see how Goodrich
does i think we all know the jack is
rooting fulfilled i mean i want you to
fail you've obviously you've seen the
level you know what to expect but
obviously I'm hoping for some sort of
failure but at very least not making it
on your first try that's all I'm really
hoping for
and then I kind of want to go through
and you let go to take the alternate
path and see oh look at that hidden
little guy you know that is what we're
being rewarded for exploring yep yep no
okay that's okay
oh look at that that moves it that's
what happened to it
yeah yeah you should see the smile on
Jack's face he smiled he smiled like
huge smile and then real quickly he
realized he was smiling and he he put he
forced a grimace onto his face there's
the most painful thing I had ever seen
no concern I had of course I'm smiling I
told you I wanted you to fail and then I
was like no I should act concern but I'm
not right that even even that is tricky
like timing that if you're too late he
comes back up if you're too soon you hit
him on the way down me not talking this
says Jack rich and talked when he is in
Lauria mode split atom that sentence
does not make any sense yeah you almost
don't want to be that Mario I don't oh I
have to wow it looks weird but he's got
a he's got the funky jump yeah what's
the funky jump
he's got like the Mario - Luigi jump
your right Dan throttle that this is
about the time when you actually need to
see us play the game you know I'm not
denying that face cams could be
entertaining for you all it you know but
of course you own you know the
logistical nightmares we have just
getting the stream to work regularly you
know after about a year and a half them
maybe we're good enough where we can
figure out a a video Cameron here as
well but I mean come on let's be honest
with the the addition of a video camera
in here while we're it's just it adds
another thing that can fail what should
they do sell whatever but that's not
true
we felt constantly it should have in the
name of our show we feel I have an idea
that I've been kicking around that rich
and I are gonna try out that will be a
little more face kami
that okay that'll give more like us
actually playing the game game footage
so we'll see if that pans out I used to
classic roles where with ii ii mushroom
gets you the this flower oh sure
yes we're gonna string we'd go for Oh
God go bro straps to each of our
foreheads oh my god I thought you were
gonna get it I did too
what's this Louisville ID ah let's see
if I if I still have this level oh I do
this level ID for anyone who wants to
play this level which you should it's
really great is a F six one five zero
zero zero zero zero zero two five 9c e f
Oh fine
need that me you need the mushrooms in
this I'd love to see a note like a no no
mushroom run on this level
make it as Tiny Mario through the whole
level type it into chat yes that's
probably smarter hold on hold on having
a is jet
nope not typing in the chat and now I'm
not working right now it's fine it's
fine I did it I did it
Vincent congratulations Frank
congratulations I don't talk no more not
you tries what do you want do the upper
path or yeah huh yeah let's move on
should we do another one it is whatever
you want to jackar let's uh will vary it
up a little bit now let's uh and then
we'll cook we can always come back he
has a bunch okay let's see here and try
this one seven seven five F okay zero
zero zero zero zero zero one seven d1b
ed1 breast enlargement yeah dog Koopa
shell has more fun
waiting for that thing to kill me
you know well I think we don't want this
about Oh yep yep we do you almost ruined
it reg can you not you do not reach it
apparently other people are having that
problem - wow that's frustrating yep
okay well it's great yeah yeah I get
don't get I hear uh start button ever
plus button of course I'll try it we'll
try it one more time yeah I wonder what
you have to do you have to get down
there like does it does it lower the yep
that'd be my guess
like hits a shell that lowers it sample
oh it doesn't destroy that one I'm just
oh no by the way that was a glitch it
destroyed that one last time didn't it I
think it did Oh Oh get together hood
beat it yeah oh yeah I think I get it I
think I get it yeah yeah that's a puzzle
that's a puzzle that's devious I kind of
like that I kind of like that I was all
ready to call shenanigans on this level
but no
we can do it oh nice oh that's clever
that is a clever liberal yeah I put it
put in the comment clever girl they're
coming whatever you want I'm just gonna
say clever but I can add in the girl
that's not a problem because that's a
reference to Star Wars Episode one the
Phantom in a minute Jack I get it I'm
gonna do it women I get it it's very
funny
that's very funny I get it
