Episode 224
Grinding Binding Tidings (Part 1)
October 1, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BrkLBMw6QQ
___________________________________________

hi come on you can do it you can do it
it says we're free yes we are we're
streaming everything is fine we're here
Issac is here everything is great rich
did you know that yes I did great that's
great I do I need to catch up on my Star
Wars comic you need to do this wife in
fact that's that's exactly why I had to
stop the stream for a second there I
just had a few more pages to read okay
so here finding spoilers Darth Vader is
Luke's father I don't know I don't know
how a comic that takes place between New
Hope and Empire can hope to surprise you
but I wish it the best of luck I'm not
looking forward to surprise me just
entertain just you know hang out in the
Star Wars world a little bit okay so
here is my Isaac as you can see my to-do
list of challenges is all taken care of
under my character's you will see that
all of my characters have beaten all of
the things in hard mode which you know
obviously I'm very exciting for everyone
and so I only have a couple more things
to take care of are you are you going to
endeavor to do your 110% like live on
stream think that's gonna happen no no
this is just
there's no way I think I think you
should pick a day and when you're when
you're like real close just do a full-on
marathon oh my god well but see that's
the thing about this game is like the
right now it's up to randomness because
the the things I need to accomplish are
getting a natural four level bandage
girl which is very difficult and I need
to get the lost which is very very
difficult and so here's what I'm looking
for in the first stage I am looking for
either a book of revelations which means
that a certain enemy will spawn making
it more likely than I'll receive about
bandages or I'm looking like all
bandages otherwise I could get it
otherwise or I'm looking for the little
creatures with bombs stuck to their
heads and if that kills Isaac we could
possibly try to get the lost okay so I'm
playing as Isaac yes I do I think I do
have the four cubes of meat already what
is that gives me a conjoined twin
probably want that yeah that's a good
one you like that one Oh tears up man
tears up is fine tears up is fine too
okay so we're playing Isaac everything's
great I love this game I just play
really I do ever streamed it before if
you love it so much it is it has been
quite some time since i streamed it it's
oh no it's been a way longer than a
month since I've streamed Isaac I don't
think it's been waiting longer oh yeah
no I don't I don't believe three months
tops no no I think I've been pretty I
think I've been pretty good about not
screaming and Isaac someone someone in
the chat back me up on this I've been
pretty good
my brain has memories of you riding
around with a piece of poop on your head
well no no we're talking about Isaac not
the game and not in that real life
leftover beefcake says it's been three
months and 45 days okay so I'm not too
far off you said that one month that's
that's very far off that's a 3045 days
is four months maybe about three months
I just I get altering okay I'm 100
percent right even when you're wrong I
would like I would love to have this 110
percent completed by the time afterbirth
comes out I really would I don't know if
it's possible just because the the luck
needed to guess things you need to do I
think actually yeah I only have two more
things left to do in the end well well
but like one of the things like getting
the lost character after I get the lost
then I need to beat the game as the lost
and and the lost is the character where
you can't get hit even once so when you
unlocked lost I think you should do a
large stream that'll be like last thing
you have to do and just do a just do
everything to lost yeah you know I will
when it went out my colossi
probably stream man that would be so
exciting a few 110 percent of their game
why it would be that would be or your
your dead rising no death run yeah would
be you're spitting a man to death but
you know what you're right I'm gonna I'm
actually I'm gonna restart the game okay
because I didn't I didn't get a thing I
needed to get actually now you know well
a fucking restarting maybe maybe I'll do
like a birthday extreme you know because
then I can you know take the entire day
off and just play Isaac on stream for
the entire day yes usually there are
more jokey streams but yeah like we
talked about playing Desert Bus and all
that I think I don't think I could
handle Desert Bus well I should have I
knew what that was and I didn't want it
and I should have used my d6 and I
didn't rich yeah and that's my fault if
you don't know what desert buses it's
everything it says on the tin yeah go
desert buzzards and Penn & Teller made
it or at least they they they
masterminded it they had much to do with
the program right but you you literally
you just drive a bus through the desert
what are they from from some small
Nevada town to another small Nevada town
and it's like a three-hour drive there's
literally like nothing you do but you
drive straight and there's like nothing
but double cactuses on the horizon
oh yeah there's no scenery and and you
can't like just set the game to
autopilot because the bus weaves
slightly and so you
you have to like press the left button a
little bit to keep the bus on the road
the alignment of the bus is off so you
keep drifting right
so yeah you know we'll do it we'll do a
bunch remote that but yeah maybe perhaps
perhaps perhaps I will do it just the
longest Isaac's dream that I can
possibly muster yeah unless you unless
you pull it off right off the bat jack
well no I mean yep have a little faith
have a little bit no no the the lost I
don't even know if I could win a game as
the laws I don't even know if I could
beat mom as the lost you know not going
through the entire game without getting
hit once practice takes practice makes
perfect
that's true I mean you're planning on
trying anyway of course no I I think
streaming the attempt would be a fun
idea sure new run rich didn't get the
thing I was looking for I'm sorry
ho Pat doesn't help unicorn horn doesn't
help god damn it not doing great
Matt's been great so far that's all
right that's okay we're gonna keep
trying
how many people have unlocked the lost
and then successfully 110% of the game
what what what percentage from the
populace can accomplish this feat oh I'm
sure it's a very low percentage but
people have done it yeah not only that I
the the big accomplishment is I find it
interesting that a game would have
something in it that you're never that
most people aren't ever really expected
to do oh no I like that's it's the
barometer that's the heart of the hard
core and then there are even still other
people who look down upon people who 110
percent it because they 110 percent it
on all three save files you know you're
not a real game you know to realize it
gamer
unless unless you can 110% it on all
three save files they sound like
assholes oh no my man I'm sure they've
never actually said that but you know
that's their claim to fame right
oh oh this is good this is good it is
this is we so so this is one of this is
a horseman right here and the horseman
always spawn a cube of meat or a ball of
bandages like war famine death and and
plague and pestilence yeah
and so here here's a horseman I believe
this is famine I forget and once you
beat them they always spawn a ball of a
bandage or a cube of meat and this is
exactly what we were looking for we were
hoping that we would get one of these
guys let's see what we got if we're
really fuck a cube of meat we start you
know good dad everything
restart new run Isaac war famine death
plague and pestilence other four
horsemen right no no I there's more cuz
there's more rain Ric Flair Ric Flair
our Arn Anderson hmm and I don't
remember the other ones or what the four
horsemen of wrestling do I want this yes
yes I want this great dr. fetus dr.
fetus like The Meat Boy villain and so
now my tears are bombs which is an
incredibly power full power up a little
unwieldy not very happy for your tears
yes my tears are bombs a great power up
to have very excited about this nice and
I can get into this shop for free
everything's coming up millhouse this is
a great run one or one room in and this
is a great run very happy for you jack
thank you you should be
you should be I feel happy about this I
have yet to really fully understand why
it is I'm so obsessed with this game I
don't know why is anybody it's just a
game right I'd like to think that I
could come to some sort of conclusion
but I just you know random kind of
stages always fresh always fresh what
encourages replays yeah I love the art
direction
I love the the blend of like humor and
horrific gory monsters and I might die
doesn't matter like these guys aren't
gonna give me what I want anyway but I
don't want to die of a fucking spider
don't want that of a fucking spider rich
what am I
nobody does what am i a noob you fucking
what I died to a spider right now yeah
aren't you glad you're not an insect Oh
God very I mean every day mostly because
like every day I'm not dead and insects
would be yeah I know all right restart
restart doing it I'm back I see we have
moved Isaac we have moved Isaac I'm
attempting to either unlock the lost or
or get the bandage girl oh yes yes yes
yes we are now rocking it rich I just
got the Book of Revelations oh my god
so this powerup when it fills up it
gives me a so hard yeah which is you
know that's pretty good on its own but
if I'm carrying it every boss will be a
horseman and the horsemen drop of
bandage balls org this is exactly what I
am hoping for these are these are part
of the mad strats for getting the
natural the natural for bandage girl
bandage ball how does how does the chat
feel about you restarting are they in
revolt in revolt where they are they
frustrated or do they like the attempt
to unlock things that's a question do
you have chat open right now I'm playing
red max you're but I'm driving around
and I'm punching people yeah
so I can't see a chat window because my
eye screen is all bad max
they're saying revolts but I think
they're saying revolt sarcastically so
I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and say
that they're fine with it okay you do
what you want to do Jack you're you're
trying to accomplish things I am I'm
trying to come up with something in the
game nice bad strats great great Jackie
is a hack fraud that time you but that's
just well document that everybody knows
that everybody knows that okay and so
now now even if the horsemen famine you
know even if the horsemen doesn't drop a
ball of bandages I know I'll continue to
get more horsemen so I can keep going
you know I can move forward and again a
little bit which is nice do you remember
one hack fraud you should just be a
thing that Mike would say every now and
then you know what it's hard to remember
that time just cuz now you know it's
it's a part of my everyday life just
know was that it was that was hack fraud
a blanket review thing or was it a bit
half in the bag thing Mike say what is
the and we remember anymore honestly
sure yeah and we got our first ball
advantages bridge oh it's happening that
sounds disgusting it is well you know
right now it is literally just a
floating ball of bandages that that
deflects things yet to flex his so like
right now it's not incredibly useful so
what do you what do you have to do
specifically so so then if I collect
another ball of bandages as a pickup it
turns into a little thing that also
shoots enemies and then if I get a third
ball of bandages
turns into bandage girl a familiar that
goes around and beats people up for me
right right and then what I'm hoping for
is to get a fourth ball of bandages to
get a four a level four bandage girl to
uh and that's the achievement you need
that achievement you know to a hundred
percent again yeah you don't need to
beat the game with the Vantage roll no
sneeze
I just need what do you need for the
lost is it is it possible to do both
these things at the same time no no it's
not so the lost is insane the lost what
I know yeah I want them what I need to
do is I need to die as Isaac in a very
specific place play is another character
and die is that character in a very
specific place play as another character
and die as that character in a very
specific place how close have you come
to the lost yeah
no I I haven't even tried oh you know
and that's even more insane because like
and and really the I think the only hard
part of that is is so like Isaac has to
die to a certain enemy in the first
level and you know that's that's really
just re rolling until you get that enemy
but then the next enemies you need to
make it to a certain point in the game
and this all needs to be done back to
back yeah so like if I'm as character to
and I don't make it to the point in
which if I die early I need to go back
and die as Isaac again oh my god yes
and so on and so forth forever and ever
so it is a giant pain in the ass just to
get this character and then of course
the character itself is a giant ball of
malarkey but malarkey
oh one hit the one head thing right just
they just die easy he floats the lost
floats and float
is very important to the game once you
unlock him he's just unlocked you don't
have to do the sequence of dying again
just to get him one more try maybe too
much to prove that no so that's not too
bad
okay so now we are on boss - lets
oh wait we got pin what oh oh oh yeah
yeah so I will get more horsemen but
right now I'm facing pin what happened
what the Book of Revelations just
guarantees that you will face all four
horsemen it doesn't necessarily say that
you know every boss will be a horseman
Oh so but I don't want that for sure
well I guess I got no fucking choice
you know rich I guess I got no fucking
choice but to what am i I'm horribly
lost you have no choice but to what Jack
hope I hope Isaac Lee impaired mad out
the the item is going on the item is
mom's underwear which gives me more
range I think I hate this game already
mom's underwear these mom's underwear oh
my god and it gives me more range but
you know like range is not necessarily
important it can be important if you get
other items you know like a Isaac is all
about synergy you know making your items
collecting items that stack and making
them work together if she'll like FTL
yeah yep I did I sold a heart to get to
do a contract with the devil and that
means any time an item drops in the room
it drops to of that item and that's
awesome
Oh see if you get a bandage no not not
those items like if a key drops I get
two keys instead of one oh that's a
pretty good powerup I'm happy with
stompy I got a powerup called thunder
thighs yeah it's a big bucket of lard
and it means if I walk over rocks I
destroy I can destroy them without using
a bomb yeah it's funny if you will
unlock the bandage girl you're just
gonna die immediately I mean I'm trying
to I'll try to win you know they'll try
to win yeah where you could stop
immediately and immediately go for the
walls no no I would try to win
and I guess it you know really depends
on how far I make it into the game what
if you're very early in the game you're
still gonna try to win yeah I'm very on
again maybe I'll you know I'll go
somewhere else okay these guys I have
the hardest problem with these skeleton
guys I hate them you tried being the
friend
no you know I have not tried using my
words I have never tried using my system
that's the problem with what the world
today jack there's the works I win you
tell their kids this you just tell them
yeah you punch the bully in the face you
know luckily we have not had a bully
situation yet I don't know this no
sympathy for the devil you don't need to
make friends the bully I think I think
my my goal will be to tell them like you
know first sure you know first try to
use your words because you don't want to
be caught in a situation where you're
the bad guy but you know once you try to
use your words once and then after that
yeah go ahead punch her in the face yeah
I think that's fair I think that's cuz
you don't want to just punch people in
the face
I mean you do want to punch people in
the face but that's not civilized so if
you try words first can they be rude
words no that's not acceptable that
can't be loaded words okay
okay yes these are all good things
okay great great great how much they're
bright what great great great great good
great there there was a soul heart to
buy yeah which is very important because
it gives me an extra heart and my pickup
item also gives me soul hearts and there
was a battery in there and the battery
recharges to pick up items so okay it is
as if nice beauty beauty so in a moment
it's going to be as if I got two hearts
there's not won't be as if I will we
have gotten two swords which is very
good so hard good great the only rough
part is I got this thunder-thighs
upgrade which makes me you know be able
to break rocks just by walking over them
which is very it's very useful the only
problem is you have it makes you walk
slower and so then it's just like come
on come on get to the next get to the
next area
come on love patience job patience hey I
know I have I have nothing I have
nothing but patience oh yes and I know I
can go sleep in the bed to refill the
hearts and I will but I want to face the
boss first in case I lose any more
hearts good things come to those who
wait good things come to those who wait
yeah slowness is a fine thing let's find
that chance
stillness
yes still this Libyan are we talking
about what that's that's a great
question I don't know sometimes I just
don't know you know what I do know for
sure what is you need to watch Firefly
I've been rewatching Firefly and I think
that you need to watch it I would
probably love it and that's you know
that's exactly what I'm worried about
yeah yeah you would I don't I don't want
I don't want the heartbreak of lol this
is done I never got to finish this
properly it's got a proper enough finish
that's so good it's so good in the
meantime quiche I'm on Shum out I'm
chemin oh my god rich second ball of
bandages oh my god sorry it took me a
second to realize that society what
we're going for
that's great that's great we did you did
two more and now I need two more balls
of bandages here's the thing how rare
are they and how much time do you have
to do it I know you got the horsemen
coming up did you get it from a horseman
did you get this one random I got I got
it from a horseman okay
so there are of course two more horsemen
left and there there always is you know
the worry that you have to win to 50/50
coin flips yes is the real thing it's
very very unlikely everyone get your
hopes down everyone hopes down everyone
get your hopes down time's up Bob Stone
Isaac's dirty bed you can sleep in it
and
it's back Oh mm-hmm you know what is
nice
oh my god you're right there was another
pill in the store to get my health up oh
well it doesn't matter I have the thing
that gave me all the blue stuff it's
fine okay
here we go here we go here we go here we
go
I forgot about a pill rich I forgot
about a pill said no drug addict ever oh
no I think I think that that's exactly
what drug addicts say all the time I
know I got a pill around here somewhere
they gotta find a pill they don't say
forgot about I got a pill
oh you know I got a pill around here I
got a pillar on to you somewhere
someone in the chat and tell me make
sure does the Book of Revelations need
to be fully primed in order to get a
horseman or just because I have it well
I get a horseman does anyone know that
is there an answer to that question cuz
I don't know well just keep it primed
yeah but if it's I can I can get a heart
you know I can get a I can get a blue I
guess it's not it's not terribly
important that I have a blue heart at
this point cuz my health is pretty high
right now
jettison I of course cannot help you
know I'm hoping that someone in the chat
I can't even look it up online because
I'm too busy playing bad backs right now
I'm completely what I'm saying
well that's right you can't even read
the chat tell me what the chat says use
of it gives you the horsemen okay great
if you use it that levels boss will be a
horseman okay well I I used it that
great
great I used it once already so then
everything is great you have to use it
every level I thought I used it though
the one level I got pin maybe you didn't
there's a too late
does that fuck with things I know I
should have I should I should still have
plenty of bosses left but now I just
kind of want to make sure that I use it
I almost want to use it again just in
case but hurt oh hey go H doesn't know I
can't I can use it again I'll have
there's enough rooms to clear here where
I can use it again G to G I'll be good
to give G to the G G to G Man G to G
there's two items like Lucas what did
you say you want comic books look is
that subconscious no no there are two
items that look really similar the
common cold and Bob's brain they're both
like green blobs and the common cold is
is an item I like it gives random poison
shots you know poisons enemies but Bob's
brain is an item I don't much care for
it gives you a brain that floats around
with you and it shoots at people and
explodes what you think would be great
but is actually pretty terrible why is
it terrible because more often than not
it hits an enemy that's very near you
and makes you lose health oh my god well
you know health is scarce and yeah so
it's basically just a it's a wild card
it can be useful but more often than not
it's just a big pain in the ass Jack
whatever I'm being an asshole and
everyone in the chat whatever I'm being
an asshole like I just don't know what
else to sing I don't know much about the
Isaacs so yeah see now I used the book
of Revelation and I get the ha
I wonder if I if I only get the horsemen
at the you know every other love holder
I used the book of Revelation twice and
I got not horsemen I wonder if there's
more to it I mean there's got to be more
to it maybe it's a chance maybe the chat
light if you're not supposed to use it
at all
maybe it's sabotage it's supposed to be
a full sabotage right it could be rich
it really could be those fuckers could
be messing with me
Krampus Krampus this guy this guy's
Christmas the evil Santa Claus yes
that's a thing I know it's the thing yes
it is it's a brilliant thing using it
doesn't I'm all for anything that's
scarce small children okay using it
doesn't guarantee it only increases the
odds oh okay well then there you go
there you go then it only increases yes
okay thank you sharks beer well you know
we're still doing pretty good you know
we worried had we have a level-two
bandage girl and I think that is pretty
darn good
all things considered
don't want to fuck with that right now
don't want to fuck with that I've heard
of that there is apparently a Krampus
horror movie being made and I have heard
of that I don't know anything about it
but have you heard of this rich no the
Krampus movie being made which is it
sure know what I'm sure it'll be great
yeah I know I know nothing about even
know who's involved I don't fucking know
I just donate but you enjoy the shit out
of it I am I'm gonna enjoy the shit out
of that idea
Krampus horror movie where's my health
did you tell your kids about the Krampus
no I have not told my kids about the
Krampus should she's getting prepared
thing that needs to be widespread bad
children good Santa bring presents but
if you're bad mom's gonna come and whip
you I need to crack you to his cave so
for those for that person in jet who
wondered why you can't see my health
right now randomly in levels you will
you will get cursed and right now I have
the curse of the unknown which means I
can't see my current health status not
the not the biggest deal right now what
not even a little bit not even a little
bit and so it just gives you something
that you have to pay attention to and
I'm not super worried about it just cuz
I know my health is very high right now
my health is is pretty good and and I
haven't been taking many hits so I'm not
I'm not overly concerned with it I do
want that just get the two for two bombs
cause why not because why not for me am
i right rich white I'm right why not
have deep because you can think I have
the money I have the money right now I'm
so happy I got that deal with the devil
so early on really just deals my banks
deals my Isaac banks great great great
great everything is great everything is
great all the time why is there floating
baby head that's that's the level to
bandage girl and she protects me from
some incoming hits and shoots charm
shots which when hitting enemies can
randomly make them turn into allies and
attack other enemies weird gain isn't it
it's so I think it's charm it's so
there's so many weird different things
and power-ups that are odd yep and and
combining them just really oh yes nice
everything's great now oh I just got
flamed rich fucking wings I can fly now
oh I thought you said flanked he's got
some flank that's great what no that's
no I just got a flight to eternal which
is quite possibly and one of the most
powerful things you can get in the game
flying which means you're not affected
by spikes you're not affected by gaps in
the floor you can get more pickup
items everything about flight is the
greatest except pression except for
crashing but you don't I don't have to
worry about that just a king
Malaysian Airlines does but I'm jump
good
I'm just terrible I'm just terrible
you're nothing upsets everything I've
said it's terrible you're not killing it
tonight rich no nice you know why it's
because I'm playing Mad Max yeah you
know that night I'm not blaming that
specifically but I don't think that's
helping no I don't think that's helping
me but it's it's it's probably helping
you and so we're gonna be okay with it
we're gonna be okay with it
yeah that's okay Dungeon Master Blaster
view if you're too broke to sub this
month next month whatever you know weird
we're not here you know we appreciate
all the sudden that extortionists no
give us we're we're grateful for
anything you know and and we're grateful
just for you hanging out we like just
people people watching us you're
choosing to watch us and that is
something and is something just in
itself
can he see me shit shit what shit
oh I'm just all right I have so many
fucking soul hearts I don't even I mean
it's great okay
let's I have used the book of Revelation
yes and we got a horseman we got a
horseman we're fighting war that sounds
like it would be difficult
you would think actually war is one of
the easier horsemen that's just wrong
war should be fucking combat ready 100%
of the time yeah bridge what what why
have our third ball of bandages oh good
now when you don't get that fourth it's
gonna feel extra horrible we got it we
got the fourth the third ball of
bandages things are looking up okay we
are things are looking up so now I have
this little familiar that bandage girl
that follows me around and it's great
one horseman coming up right and I still
have one more horseman to face and of
course I couldn't just find a ball
advantages in regular item pickup room
everybody everybody hacks got one more
horseman it's either a bandage or what
our cube of meat
okay everybody at home you you I'm
assuming you have a coin right hence
heads is bandaged tails is meat I want
you to flip your coin right now and post
in the chat whether or not Jack got
bandage or meat this is this is exciting
this is uh I play XCOM I would never get
excited about a 50% chance to anything
yeah but 50% compared with you know like
I understand you know usually you're
you're I've already gone past my usual
chances
nothing I'm building up this this woman
it's gonna be epic jack it's gonna be
epic
all right I've used the Book of
Revelations oh wait but this might be
mom's level I think I'm on mom now so I
don't think it matters so you can't get
the bandage from the horseman anymore
no well yeah I can still face horseman
later on but I think this is I think
this is this is mom which just means
that which means that I'm facing mom for
sure and I'm not gonna get a bandage for
sure but I could always I could always
find the bandage later or and there's
like mom isn't the end of the game you
know you face mom there's another level
you faced mom's hard so I still have one
more chance for a horseman okay and of
course I could find it just you know
other places so I'm not giving up hope
yet I don't know if this for sure his
mom I wasn't 100% paying attention I
wasn't paying attention which I know is
terrible so was it mom or not chant did
anyone get a good look at the map in my
own mom kind of rinky-dink production
assistant right I was I wasn't paying
attention
that wasn't paying attention mmm
I just I just wasn't paying attention
and that's and that's my fault
that's 100% my fault
you're on Mon Mon I okay yeah so this is
mom this is mom which is okay because
there are still there are still chances
to get balls advantages I think there's
there's one more horseman I can face a
28 and and I could still find it I can
still find it we can do it we can do it
you can do it jack
we can I kiss I mean right now so it of
course just it's just luck at this point
it is your luck at this point I'm at all
points you say you do there's there will
be another Horseman opportunity that
there will be another Horseman a book so
and I have the horseman book so unless
you died a mom that's still a 50-50
chance
oh yeah come on you don't die to mom
anymore
I don't this is a thing your your past
mom no no I mean I mean your your you
know your your your high quality mom mom
fighter at this point yeah yeah okay I
don't know the Isaac's talk you don't
know the Isaacs oh that yeah I know I
know you don't know the guys yeah I'm
gonna I'm at a point now where mom is no
big deal and I have a good enough set of
items where where it's not it's not a
thing I'm worried about at the moment
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do I'm upset
that she has hit me as often as she has
but I'm gonna be okay with that
you're fighting her now I fought her now
I've already beat her
why don't we head which way do we wanna
head up or down I'm just gonna say don't
I'm just gonna say it you're gonna say
down great I'm just yeah why the fuck
not
don't I'm so sorry
it's too late great great great great
everything okay wait Sark's beer says
once you pick up the ball advantages you
are guaranteed not to pick up a cube of
meat although if you get conquest
instead of death
you won't oh if I get conquest instead
of death I won't get the ball advantages
disco cuz that's right drops a horse so
it's still 50/50
oh no it's worse than 50/50 it's now
we're at now we're at 25%
well you're they're gonna get conquest
or not right right but see what comes
Garrett bandage because you have a
bandage
no no well I actually I don't know these
are the things that you know I don't
know a lot about how the math works I
just because I spent I just played you
know I try not to I try not to read too
much into the game just because it's a
game that I enjoy so I try not to like I
try not to do like these things that I'm
doing where I'm you know restarting the
game to get a specific thing I've done
most of the game just natural I've
beaten it mostly natural
shooting at a thing that was driving
away from me at a fast speed okay
congratulations
yeah no I missed oh yeah oh you suck
been kind of you're not sugarcoating
yeah yeah thanks nice
everything is great fighting poop
monsters everything is great I love
monsters that makes me like that
actually makes me nauseous Jack you're
saying you like OB monsters and like
that kind of sexual way you just did
okay so according stream lis off-putting
according to shark spear if I get death
on this floor I am guaranteed to get the
ball advantages but if you get conquest
but it was time quest I won't get it
we're still at 55th okay so yes we are
at 50/50 and of course I could always
find the ball advantages somewhere else
in the level oh okay okay
incredibly incredibly low we're talking
about not even more talk about that but
it's it's there it's in there the
possibility exists what I what I really
need to be concentrating on also is
finding like the secret rooms and and I
haven't been concentrating on those as
much as I as much as I could have been
getting out of here not not falling for
that Satan not falling for that Satan I
can use seeds to get the lost I thought
you guys said I couldn't use seeds to do
stuff like that
didn't we have this conversation before
where I was talking about not using
seeds and how I almost broke to use
seeds and you said I couldn't do that
are you fucking with me now because I'll
just look it up I'll look into this I am
I am looking into it secret rooms where
Bibi
why are ye be secret rooms
why are bees
that's a great pirate thank you I felt I
felt really good about that
why seeds don't unlock stuff but the
lost works alright album you know what
I'll believe you I am still obviously
going to look into it cuz I don't want
to be caught off guard the Book of
Revelations again I have you know use
the book twice open for death we want
death rich what if it's an even or odd
thing what if what if using the book
Book of Revelations twice like ooh-ahh
sided oh god oh god you're gonna be
thinking about that the whole time even
though I completely pulled that out of
my ass back of your head yep oh it's
there it yeah you've even you've messed
with minority this is why I'm a jerk
I'm sure I mean no there are many other
reasons why you're a jerk shots fired oh
that's right thank you the pill and the
dice room is a health up you are correct
I want that you are correct and I want
that
come on secret room I have plenty of
bombs for a secret room searching hello
what do we have in here I don't think
this helps me at all its purity yeah
sure sure why not
okay great secret room secret room does
whatever a secret hide things you don't
want other people to know yes I can it's
a stick because you're really good at
writing songs rich yes half ripped off
from the simpsons movie yeah doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo okay going
slowly I am moving so slow because of my
lord because my lord ass can you can you
get rid of items I mean like this
lard-ass does that do anything now that
you can fly yeah it still smashes rock
when I when I apply over them when you
can fly over them oh yeah well the the
the reason why you want to smash rocks
is because often there are stuff hidden
in them like bandages
no not bandages but uh there could like
there could be seeker I just found a
secret room but while smashing through
rocks and the bandage could have been in
there and and or power-ups important
power-ups like damage up and or just
random shit so smashing rocks is still
important
you do do do okay here we go
feeding you with money about lunch
I think this is a Amana I'm on a weird I
think I'm on a labyrinth level I'm not
super out --fill but it's
everything's fine
great great great are you I'm sorry Zack
you didn't want that that's fine that's
fine okay keep moving keep moving don't
forget about the pill I won't forget
about the pill I might forget about the
pill like I don't necessarily like the
pill is not a top priority for me right
now only because you know I have very
high health at the moment and I have the
the item that gives me another blue
heart whenever I need it
red hearts are usually easier to find
other than this bandage girl thing if
you got this particular game in the bag
as far as victory goes what do you mean
oh oh yeah like I could I could beat
this game easy I have I have a good set
of power-ups beating the game is
something I could do very easily at the
moment so if I get bandage girl I am
confident in my ability to win the
entire game at this point it would be
defeating Satan yeah because I'm going
down but are there other bosses you you
haven't gotten to you have you have you
reached the bottom of the story rabbit
hole uh oh yeah I have I like I have
defeated you know there's two directions
after you defeat mom you can go up or
down and if you go up you have to fight
you fight yourself you fight Isaac and
then then you fight the lost
oh no you then you fight question mark
question mark question mark
how's it going and then if you go down
you fight how do you fight you fight
Satan and the lamb which is this
wonderful horrifying creature and I've
defeated all that and I've defeated mega
satan which is a really fun boss fight
so story wise yes I've completed all of
the story missions now there's just you
know lost now there's just lost II stuff
in this game in particular I have one
more mini boss then mom's heart then we
go down to fight Satan and then we go
down to fight the lamb and the mini boss
will be your horseman the mini boss will
be my horseman yes and and I found the
boss room and now I'm just kind of
scavenging looking for secrets and you
know making sure that are you are you
afraid to go into the boss I'm very
afraid to go into the bathroom
cuz that's it yeah that determines that
determines my fate rich and and and
already I'm doing I'm doing very well I
have three I have a fully leveled up
bandage girl and now I just need one
more bandage can I do it I don't know I
can't oh yeah I know it's a hundred
percent out of my hands
just looking for any more secret rooms
the off chance that there's a secret
room that I missed down here which there
could be I don't think I was blowing up
everything
