Episode 225
Grinding Binding Tidings (Part 2)
October 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgJE9jeH6KE
___________________________________________

I'm here which there could be I don't
think I was blowing up everything you
did I blow up you what what oh there's a
secret room sometimes there be bandages
in there alright we're gonna take a pill
here there's a health pill that I want
sup blow up and see what's in there oh
nice
crickets head my dead dog's head means
that my damage gets it's up which means
by the way that right now I'm carrying
my dead dog's head with me it's a great
it's a great game yeah that's fine
he's dead he doesn't care alright here
we go I'm going to the boss room rich
all or nothing
good luck death death means a victory
conquest means a failure we can still
still good will press forward will press
on because you know you can always find
a bandage somewhere else yeah yeah
button all right here we go
here we go get in there moving very
slowly very slowly okay I'm going in
rich hey good luck I'm ready oh that's
fucking conquest conquests fucking hell
we talked about the coin flip it's a
coin it was a coin flip we knew it was
and we knew it was a coin flip we're
gonna press on fuck kind of question
right around in but I don't care about
that because I have you know wings yeah
kill the horse no I on let's just move
on it
we'll see now will you know will press
on and we'll see if we can find that
ball of bandages somewhere else is there
another over lead strategy for getting a
bandage no I actually I think like I had
the best case scenario here which was
getting the Book of Revelations and
getting the Four Horsemen you can't get
a ball of bandages through anything
other than horsemen I mmm
don't listen to him jack they don't know
what they're talking about there's
always hope
least Lucian of hope I thought you can
find it in other places I thought you
could find it in secret rooms I mean I
could be wrong sharks beer you know you
can find hope and all sorts of pretty
lies sorts of pretty lies
rich rich wanted the negative rich
wanted me to go down so that's where I
went
oh so you're blaming me oh no people
were saying I should have taken the
Polaroid which has it gives you a
different set of power-ups but it's
potato potato for me right at this point
I certainly don't at this point I don't
either because it's saying I just wanna
bandage you're off and apparently and
according to shark's beer I can't get
her now I can't I mean I have her but I
can't get I can't get the one I want you
know so so then the question there's no
chance of randomly getting at them
that's that's what the sharks beer
saying I thought I've seen it before but
I think maybe you were half crazed with
your bandage girl badness that could be
I think what I need to do is like there
are there are certain pick up items like
the one I start with the d6 that
actually can change the other pick up
items and so then if I had something
like that I could try to change it until
I get the thing I want but I don't think
I can do that now forgets if I get the
Monster Manual I can summon a ball of
bandages oh well there you go but I
don't think I'll get the Monster Manual
at this point I could I guess I'll keep
playing because why not you know we can
have a wind yeah yeah well we'll beat
the game that's that'll be something are
you having fun that's all that matters I
love this game I haven't put aside the
crippling failure jack and just enjoy
the game I've been decent power-ups I'd
like my power upset right now is not
very flashy but it is very effective you
know it doesn't do anything like uber
cool ship
our phone to the point oh Jesus Christ
he disgraced I said Jesus Christ okay
Jebus crisp I got caught between an
enemy and a fire and I lost way more
hearts than I should have how many
should you have lost I should have lost
none and I lost several so so I lost way
more than I should have
I am a powerful being at the moment and
a loss of any heart is a failure okay
and here in the later levels the
horsemen can come back and you can just
fight them as regular likes not
mini-bosses but some bosses but they
don't give you any treats and it's just
like a punch of that yeah yeah yeah you
have to fight me again I don't give me
anything this time then hmm just restart
the game I could I easily could Oh
are you considering it am i considering
restarting the the real question is you
know so like obviously I could I can win
and I can beat the game with what I have
right now the real questions have you
stream feeding mega statement I can't
beat in mega Satan yeah the only because
I can't get to mega satan in order to in
order to get to mega satan a whole bunch
of malarkey but but that that doesn't
matter that's just one endings every
everything has these little rules rich
in order to get to mega satan you have
to unlock angel rooms blow up and fight
the angels that give you prizes yeah you
have to blow up and fight two of them to
get a master key to open up the giant
locked door this all sounds crazy I know
I can imagine to someone like who's not
nice to the game this just nothing
utterly utterly absurd but you know
that's Isaac utterly utterly absurd
okay I have on it and you can unlock the
lost through seats yes sharks green you
say that before
and I appreciate knowing that I was a
church tree says I was mistaken about
the ball advantages you can still get it
through the monster manual but good luck
with all that
so it's still possible I'm just gonna
beat the game that's that's what I've
decided what's what's the deal help me
help me out with this monster manual
what is what is what is involved the
monster manual is is another pick up
item it's a used item and it summons
what does it do I almost never use it
and it summons a familiar and that
familiar could be a bandage girl and if
it could be a ball of bandages and so if
I summoned a ball of bandages it would
mean that my bandage grown in four
levels yeah so it is still possible but
incredibly very unlikely how unlikely is
finding the book I mean one in hundreds
yeah one in hundreds just to find the
book and then and then getting the ball
of bandage is another 100 s you know
that's that's the game all right
but that's okay nice nice
amnesia
you fuck so okay so now I'm in I'm in
the darkroom I'm in the darkness which
is a good place to be that's where I
want to be I've beaten Satan at this
point and and I'm losing terribly to a
mini-boss which I shouldn't be well your
heart's not into it
my heart's not anymore right right
more so I got a I got a pill that was
full health pill so I knew it liked it
you know and I have a ton of red hearts
and so I was just like yeah I can just
use that pill so I wasn't really trying
against these little bosses and now I
use the pill so I feel I feel a little
more motivated there ain't no time for
sulking and Isaac Jack there's plenty of
time for sulking and I plenty of time
they built in a so commoner no it's fine
everything's gonna fine we're gonna beat
the lamb the lamb is oh is it cool and
boss I always like the art design on the
lamb it's gonna be great and then we're
gonna try again and we're you know we
can do one more run one more run of
Isaac before the night is done you
should try further the other world or
though the lost I'm sorry there oh yeah
yeah if I if I don't get if I don't get
the Book of Revelations again and there
you need to be killed by an enemy that
has a bomb in his head on the first
level as Isaac okay and so if I don't
get the book of Revelation and that guy
is there then yes we will be going
we lost okay but the Book of Revelations
changes everything
yeah cuz that makes that makes bandage
girl possible yeah Jack point I'm sorry
you said what he's not running oh that
that you got the II didn't get done well
I appreciate your concern obviously
that's that's the roll of the dice
sometimes so not I'm not too bummed
about it we were the problem was we were
close you know yeah I know I know what
it's like to be close to the hard thing
to do last minute right I fully
sympathize as your friend I actually am
sorry about the Isaac and some of this
stuff he just sounds like weirdness to
my brain I know it means something well
it only sounds like weirdness because it
is utter weirdness rich yeah yeah with
you which is why I like the game so much
because of how strange it is actually an
that might not even beat the lamb I am I
am biffing with all of these enemies and
nobody is dropping any hearts for me I'm
Biffen
but I just found a scrap truck zu
congratulations Thank You
congratulations on your scrap of
trucking that's some free shit it's but
that√≠s so 400k that's great thanks
fearful sludge boy so you get two levels
to be killed by the bomb ahead bad guy
you just need to be killed by him in the
basement which is the first two levels
of the game so I get two tries I get two
tries to die to die correctly so that's
good is it a rare thing to find the bomb
mm-hmm it's not you know like again
enemies is randomly generated it's rare
and then the the real hard part is you
need to be prepared because a bomb head
won't kill you instantly
you have to be low health and then find
a bomb ed you know oh my god it's a
whole thing it's just a whole thing rich
how low does your health need to be I
think a bomb head only gets you for half
a heart oh my god yeah so you need to be
you need to be on the verge of death
anyway and I've been close a couple
times with the bomb head things but you
know now I'm usually never prepared for
it and so then I try to like run away
from them and bomb myself like hurt
myself but then you excited like Bob Bob
head yeah exactly cuz they chase you can
you just leave the room um well I guess
I could leave the room yeah if I if I
worked on it hard enough I could bomb a
door and leave a room that's a that is a
good strategy rich thank you I'm a
master strategist
are you down spider where the fuck is
this lamb the lamb like the cute name
for Jesus yeah that's not with Jesus is
Jesus I'm sorry Jesus is the Lamb of God
Jesus is God in all these theologies
that I don't know what they're talking
about you got confused and muddled and
he's bothering he's both he's both the
Lamb of God and God you know what I kiss
here right there somewhere Jesus is God
than the other where he's not God he's
got son no no I mean I think in all in
all of them Christian Christianity and
all the Christianity's he is both the
son of god and god that's a Holy Trinity
like the Harry Harry Krishna's movie
well no that's how it is in Catholicism
or there's more than Catholicism or more
moms I like saying in Mormon there's a a
comical number of different Christian
sects thirty thousand or something
really weird a high high high number I
thought I thought they they only liked
ones I thought they only liked one kind
of sex
I was pretty ever with that one this is
not appropriate this is not fun this is
not what we need right now rich what do
we need I need I need to find the boss
before I die
and right now it's not it's not doing it
oh man I might die before I get to the
lam which I guess you know like not them
not the worst thing in the world but you
know you get this far you kind of want
to do all right
restart restart and rich here we go all
right good luck we're gonna make it
we're gonna try to get one more solid
attempt out of this you know like if we
can get the Book of Revelations again or
if we can start a lost you know you got
a few restarts sure sure yeah yeah yeah
yeah oh yeah yeah I guess maybe I'm just
warning everyone is there might be a few
restarts
we are working toward stuff it almost
worked the last time it did we came very
close the last time I'm not being
sarcastic it almost worked the last time
mm-hmm oh yeah I know I know I mean once
once I get like once I get the lost like
the journey only begins cuz the lost is
apparently just the biggest beast I
swear to God save that for a lot less
than you do it might make for a fun
stream if you could capture you
completing Isaac on camera and your
reaction it might be it might be
priceless
mmm-hmm it'll be won't that be a moment
you
want captured oh you know yeah maybe
maybe
right right off the bat we got flight
that's great and we're gonna beat that
time limit - before the expansion comes
out and fucks all these plans oh I know
I really gotta get on the ball what to
do once the birth comes out a couple
questions for ya if your save didn't get
corrupted yeah would you have done it by
now done 110% that I was pretty far
ahead in my save so I would have been I
would have been very close I don't I
mean I I don't know if the answer is yes
but I would have been obviously I would
have been significantly closer at least
everything but the lost probably at that
point yeah yep I was much further ahead
like like for example actually in my
other save file I already had bandage
girl I already had the bandage girl of
achievement I just ran I happened to get
her so so I guess definitely I would add
a beatin cuz I already beat it once you
complete the game 110 percent 110
percent will you be done with it
yeah yeah once I 110 percent I I won't
feel an FTL I think I did they might
have put the expansion there might be
something I did but I I kept playing it
yes that's me
you know like to me like beating the
lamb or beating question mark yep is not
it's not like the the spectacle that it
once was
I'm very
I'm almost I'm almost like I don't care
about beating that stuff anymore you
know I I got that way an FTL with the
the mothership where I could reliably
beat it and I saw something and just
enjoyable about playing the game
experience of growing power from nothing
right was enticing yeah and you know I
guess the yeah this game just does not
do that for me yep P stuff mofo says
fuck finishing space cop Isaac man right
you know party that's true this is a
gaming centric channel so we do try to
play games every once in a while I enjoy
doing these space cop streams and of
course I am also still working on space
cop outside of you know rich in eyes
prereq episodes outside of all of my
other work my paying work but being
adults all about exactly so I mean I am
then you too for work working on space
got everything being an adult sucks yeah
you know there are good days in their
bed one of the best theme songs in
television history is the robots key
theme song 9 television history that's
that was a television show I don't know
I watched it on television
like all the time sure you did like all
the time it was on it was on forks forks
is on Forks news they show that every
few spiders rich spiders are all up in
my bees they're up in the bays
you're saying words I don't know what
they mean your base they're all up in
bathe what do you mean by base they're
all up in lose deck are you losing it
mmm slightly did that last run like fry
your brain it didn't you know I put it
put a hamper have you retreated into
your own mind I put a hamper on uh on
things yeah yeah it would have it would
have been amazing right and we we all
need to deal with this fact ya know and
like you said it really it was it was a
coin flip is what it was and I'm
comfortable with that
you you maximized your odds but that's
all you can do that's all you can do all
right at the end of the day we just have
to trust in what Jesus has in store for
us what what what what what happened I
blacked out for a second
rich yeah you spoke in tongues it was
very are you looking forward to the new
Muppet Show what's abusing yeah I you
know might get maybe and I don't really
care how I'll be honest with ya I have
no strong feelings towards the new
Muppet Show I grew up with the Muppets
Jack yeah you know I fondness and if I'm
this procurement the gang sure I have
fun that's for coming the gang like a
you know might be fine I just don't I
don't really care what's not really
fondest none is
no I mean I've fondness for the Muppets
you know I enjoy I enjoy about probably
80% of the stuff the Muppets have done
until recently the Muppets have just
been depressing after the death of Jim
Henson because that that hung over the
Muppets he was too too big a part of
everything the puppets was yeah yeah
yeah it lost a little bit but felt like
a corpse lost some love after Jim ensign
passed but you know like but oh my lord
I got a horseman I got a horseman rich
yep
even though I don't have the Book of
Revelations I'm fighting famine well
what's your call are you gonna you don't
have the book that makes the horseman a
thing right ocular but you know I can
find that book in two other places okay
so I mean obviously you know the big
question here is am I gonna get some
bandages or am I gonna get some meat yep
that's the big question
and I'm going it might be me but I
you've been on a bandage streak so
you're doing your meters do know it's
always always 50/50 there's no there's
no do forever
oh those bastards I don't know no it was
it was a Cuban man oh so I was right you
were right the the real problem is the
curse that I had in this one the curse
that I had in this one is I couldn't
tell what pickup item there was and I
did have something that changed the
pickup item so he had I know it doesn't
matter trying again
well trying again keep going keep moving
on
what that's a Muppets thing moving right
along we took it young took a Chinese
you put loose and fancy free yeah you
gotta check good I'm ready for the big
time is it ready for me oh my god yeah I
just saw them up in movie recently see
kids like see it for the first time or
something yeah yeah and man not
necessarily a great movie it has so much
heart but it's so dated
just like ages so they there is a Hari
Krishna running gag yeah and I don't
think many people know what a Hari
Krishna is anymore
you know that was a very popular thing
in the late 70s early 80s yeah but no
one knows what that is anymore even just
this style of comedy is very vaudvillian
and and I just don't think it plays
necessarily well to younger modern
audiences younger modern audiences are
stupid that's that's also true that's
also true but yeah it's fine
I enjoyed of course because yeah I got
most of the jokes
that's a fine reason I'm not I'm not
some dumb ass kid you know like like
what if your children my children
terrible yes how dare I
oh they're your kids I get you know
whether it's true
all right come on can't make some
wonderful noises when you when you get
hurt - stupid shit that you should not
be getting her - it's just it's a
kicking of balls
yeah life is the ultimate ball kick life
is the ultimate ball kick Frank Evans
nice no let's try our luck here that
doesn't does that help can i rear ole I
can't rear ol boss's right if I have the
D for someone someone check the check
the wiki can we can you reroll bosses
with the d4
the d4 dice powerup rerolls enemies in a
room so if you don't like the enemies
that you're facing you can save fucking
new enemies but I don't believe the d4
to rear old bosses trying to trying to
manipulate yourself some horsemen I'm
trying to manipulate myself some
horsemen I'm trying to game the system
and I don't I don't think it does is the
real thing
it's starting to get warmer out Jack
I've had my window open all day it's
been perfectly nice and pleasant now I'm
starting to get stuffy before we rolls
all your items
oh all right let's see what enemy we got
here see what we're dealing with
oh and we got a horseman detain all
right so we got we got something here
we've been that we've been pretty pretty
a horseman heavy here and that's I mean
obviously that's that's what we're
hoping for but still interesting come on
die you fucker and give me band-aids
this is what we were doing time die you
fucker
give me bandit die you fucker I got a
Cuba fucking meat let's get now you're
gonna be doing some bandages there's no
there's no do ya do fucking casino
jackers do there's no casinos are the
biggest ripoff in the world unless
you're a mathematician well yeah Disney
World
then you play poker and you're all good
there Disney World that gives you money
right
did I just impale a guy to a wall with
an exploding spear that was fucking
awesome I just impaled a war boy to a
wall with an exploding spit and then did
this very explode that sphere would have
a very interesting name you know the
whole madman I can't I can't get into it
I can't be down with your mad maxing
what the game yeah playing it tonight
what what be playing it tonight or the
game engine the game in general yeah I
was so bored a little I played in that's
fine different strokes for different
folks
and it very true if only our viewers
would have that attitude when they stick
them no I can't imagine that many people
will be saying man when I'm gonna be
frustrated cuz I didn't even hate the
game but just just a major aspect of it
right
alright just a major aspect of it that's
the real thing you hated parts of the
game but all they're gonna hear is you
hate you I'm well aware I'm well aware
of the nightmare that's going to
transpire
it's gonna be it's gonna be fun
ultimately what I did we wouldn't have
bought the game otherwise if we weren't
doing a review and I I am liking
sneaking around so it's worth it
yeah sneaking around is fun I wish there
was something compelling me to do it
more but that's fine
Thanks beating Isaac isn't dependent on
a lucky run it's helpful but skillful
players can make it far without
overpowered pickups absolutely like the
thing I am trying to do right now
obviously it depends on a ton of lock
button just beating the game no you just
have to be good and and no matter no
matter your power up said there are some
power upset obviously really hurt but no
matter your power upset everyone should
be able to the game should be able to be
in beat you know there are better power
ups than others but obviously you get
you get some some mega combinations and
and you're a mini God and that it feels
great but not not necessary
are there Isaac prodigies who routinely
stream like lost runs
oh yeah like and there I think there are
people that exclusively stream Isaac you
know yeah
and that's that is just their life I
forget their names at the moment it's
the life they've chosen it's the life
they've chosen and yeah that's fine I
can understand it I can understand it
you know if I could I don't know if I do
everything
mostly because most of them have already
like 110 percent at everything and it's
just like for me then all the fun would
be gone what is what is the lifespan on
a channel that only streams one game
what does that get old it depends on the
game right I love twitchplayspokemon
he's nice people but is that is that
still gonna be a thing in like five
years
well you know he they they've expanded
right they've they've worked on they've
been trying different games and and what
is what is what is twitch plays up to
now then what but I don't know if it's
officially at twitch but they're like
what weren't they doing at twitch plays
Dark Souls for a little bit you know
yeah we're not talking about the same
person
okay promise and I don't know if there's
person is twitch pokemon is here in chat
they can tell us the same person but you
know I think then that's when you start
branching out you know you're known for
one game you have to do that one game
over and over and then you slowly branch
out
well I'm known for this game but okay
here we go we got a Worthen I've heard
of the name cobalt streak as an as an
Isaac streamer switch plays Desert Bus
twitch plays
turn left slightly slightly turn right
slightly I'd be terrible I mean that
would be great and by the way it would
be a hit that's the sad thing of course
it would be like that's the that's the
great thing that twitchplayspokemon
discovered is like the drama in watching
humanity you know group dynamics dynamic
yeah okay rich we have one ball of
bandages how early on the first stage we
have one called bandages so okay that's
the thing hey that's the thing we we
could have a thing going here
I could have a thing going I don't know
if we do I am no oh no I didn't pick up
they are you basically screwed if you
don't get the book what's wrong with
this attempt yeah yeah cuz then if I
don't have the book there is no
guarantee that I will get yeah you know
obviously there's no guarantee but it it
means that the odds are not in my favor
to get the horsemen yeah and so I'm
hoping that I can find the book on then
you know assuming the next level but if
not yeah I'm just kind of screwed which
is you know sad it's like real life
you're always just kind of screwed it's
a harsh lesson yeah it's a harsh lesson
that Isaac teaches what 1% of people
that get the band-aids have all the
band-aids you have nothing I have Chad
seen these the blood-borne DLC rich have
you seen the blood-borne DLC worth more
weapons more missions yeah things more
things to do anything really
particularly exciting I mean yeah it
more blood-borne so sell me on this shit
it's more blood-borne what else do you
need I need a hook significant enough to
draw me back in oh and and I don't think
it has that it's just it's just more
missions and more weapons and more and
more of it you know
so I can't I don't know if I can I don't
know if I can sell you on I don't think
even I know that much about it beyond
that it exists that's more than
everything that doesn't exist consent
boom boom rich truer words never been
spoke suck everything fuck fuck fuck the
time again it's 11:15 50 in the PM yeah
what are you saying jack what are you
saying I'm saying if this run doesn't
start turning around were oh god we're
doing the old calling skis that's good
shit item and and I used my magic item
changer and it gave me a different shit
item come on not shit item that's kind
of a shit item - I don't care about that
either sucks to be you
yeah we're not having we're not having
the best room you had one nearly magical
run Jack yes more than you probably
could hope for when you started oh that
I mean I had that that's way more than I
could hope for when I started streaming
is an I that was an almost run you know
so that's that's way more than I was
thinking that ever get I'm trying to
find a another battery to recharge my
item changer so I can try to change that
item once again to get a not shit item
but I just don't see that happening
but the item couldn't be the bad date it
could be the unban date if I found
another battery but unlikely unlikely
I'll just take this guy but - on the
well you still the first level I'm now
in the second level and I'm about to
fight the boss and so we are about to
find out whether or not this boss is a
horseman it is not a workman that
doesn't mean that the run is necessarily
dead
as I think I think of the other game
even with the Book of Revelations I you
know I didn't face a horseman every bad
guy so we are so we're gonna we're gonna
power forward is what I'm saying we're
gonna we're gonna make it to the third
level see if we can get a horseman there
if we don't get a horseman there then
we're definitely fucked
I don't believe ball advantage can be
obtained by reeling treasure rooms and I
don't know that's that's a thing that I
don't know I assume can just because it
just rerolls the power up so I thought
it holds from every available power up a
possibility but I know man I don't know
nothing
no nobody could see this but no you know
what I love and Mad Max what do you love
in Mad Max the move you can uh you can
upgrade that lets you kill people by
bashing their head into a wall alright
if you're by a Ledge instead of smashing
their head
he'll just throw them off the Lynch
alright I fuckin love it every time it
happens kind of a sick individual
I am my pit I to enjoy violence
I too enjoy violence it makes me happy
unless you're getting your head smashed
door wall well you know we enjoy
violence because we're fortunate enough
not to be around it all that often
yes so we can enjoy it for its novelty
and not its everyday occurrence and
that's some real talk right there
sorry sorry to get some fucking real on
everyone ooh interesting we you know we
got Harwich what we got a monster manual
Oh
oh and you got a fly or something all
right
hey God now you need it all oh no oh no
we got a monster man you all right you'd
only use that I'm assuming you can only
use that once what do we the Monster
Manual it's one time well you use it
once and then your buddy stays with you
for the rest of the room to throw the
room not they're not the level so you
don't use that and so you have the
others well I mean I could I can I can
but I can use it over and over again
every chart and there's okay another
recharges every root every three rooms
but it's not gonna do you much good
unless you have three yes you are
correct but if I have three other
bandages I there's a possibility of
rolling another bandage and enbe getting
in so I'm not giving up on this run just
yet okay it's basically you have to no
no right now I only have one well right
now I have one bandage right but one of
them is the the book you get a bandage
you get a regular bandage right from up
all right that horse might give you meat
so you got okay
nothing oh yeah no right now I have
nothing and the book only generates a
random buddy that could be a bandage it
could also generate something that is
not
yeah but your multiple shots back it's
nice yeah peep no horsemen no this is
probably this is probably not happening
this run thought I'd just beat some
guy's brains in against the wall well
then there you go rich you're happy
you're happy I'm happy
and what's more important that's a
philosophical argument right there it's
one person's happiness more important
than another person's happiness you know
who's who's the person who gets to make
that judgment call well that's not
qualified they say that in any
relationship you're only allowed to be
as happy as the least happy person
that's true but that's the general rule
of thumb I think I think the CEO was a
lot happier in his relationship with us
employees I'm just I'm just throwing
that out there
Touche well I wouldn't write when Tyree
rolling irie rolling some shit
yeah not happy that's what we got here
that doesn't help yeah it doesn't help
none of this helps everything sucks
battery in the shop and I just there's
somebody over lunch I love that so much
I'm a horrible person
yeah there's no there's no plug in the
shop there's no way to recharge the
Monster Manual this is not happening
this is not happening on this fuck you
tried I did yeah I'm a jerk spirit only
it only keeps that buddy for that room
so I can keep spamming that monster
manual over and over again that doesn't
necessarily like it won't do many good
it won't do me any good okay yeah those
rolls were worse than worse I know where
did we where did we leave off here I
think I think we left off on gibbous
moon and so then we're going to say
sharks beer I remember read the fervent
and I think I remember gibbous moon
exactly sleeping so then we're gonna say
ragged scribe ragged rag described
impoverished evans the apparent at the
plan words yep yeah food cock it's also
accurate
and sagging 12.20 Carl Sagan saggin yeah
sagging okay it's like sagging also
Killroy mix bunk thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate all of
you it's true we really do thanks for
coming out today I know I know you know
we didn't have a big plan I do have a
plan for when rich and I are in the same
room together new games but I'm glad I
got to play some Isaac that's a fun
that's a fun Isaac thing I think he's
gone right fine
