Episode 226
Rocket League Challenge (Part 1)
October 3, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxG2nTaXXYY
___________________________________________

great that is great yeah we have a green
thing we have a green thing green thing
means good dreams good good good so
what's going on tonight jack jack is
looking at his phone what's going on
tonight we have we have we have an idea
we're going to test out tonight and it
could be very exciting very exciting so
I was talking to rich as I got here and
I was saying to myself you know in
general I think everyone knows I really
I have no plans to ever play Metal Gear
Solid 5 again I've played enough we've
done the review I have all the footage I
need I have no plans on playing that
again I am I'm not in the same boat
right this is just Jack fairly happy
with my copy yes so just Jack and but I
have a physical copy for the ps4 along
with another game that I'll never play
again like shadow of Mordor and then we
started saying that we got a bunch of
games out another one we can disagree on
be the shadow of Mordor is oddly
addicting to me really it's brainless
but the the Nemesis system makes it it's
it's just a game I know I will never
pick up again it so I was like oh you
know I was thinking of doing like a
giveaway like a like game giveaway and
you know maybe we'll do like a trivia
something and give away these games that
I have lying around then and then some
brilliant inspiration struck huh some
brilliant inspirations right rich had a
great idea you guys need to challenge us
to win games and so we have divided
we've been testing it out of it which is
why we're a little late today but you're
gonna have to defeat us in a two-on-one
match rich and I versus you to win games
yes that's our idea and I think at the
ball you want to give any idea what's
coming up I think one of them they could
probably guess two of them they can
probably
oh yeah well obviously
one of them will be Metal Gear Solid 5
one of them will be shadow of Mordor we
have a bunch of games and obviously
we'll will announce what game you're
playing for first and then if you want
it you play us yeah that's the idea yeah
we'll see if it works
two-on-one - so bring your fucking a
game though I I haven't played in a few
weeks though so I'm horribly horribly
out of practice and I'm going to
embarrass myself right we're gonna lose
to everybody this is gonna be great
right hey no don't get Lady Terminator
in here ladies everyone went on if lady
if lady Terminator is a subscriber Lady
Terminator is free that's your class
that's true
hey you know she's got a lady Terminator
he or she know you know they have the
skill
yep that's they've earned it though
should we limit one game per person
obviously obviously we're we're limiting
one win per person yes and we ask that
you cannot try twice in a row and also
this will be open to subscribers only
yes these are the rules these are these
are the rules so subscribers only we'll
do it we'll do one of those like
everybody say this the first person to
say this will send you the code yeah
right and then we'll do it so I you know
what do we want - I think out what we'll
do is sorry we need to warm up so we'll
start easy we'll start with a like low
low low priority game I love her I heard
a kid mister shy smile mods are of
course you know as long as your
subscriber mods are more than welcome to
join in the fun so let's do let's see
here we have a copy of what do we want
to start with ok for steam we have a
copy of portal portal which everybody
already owns anyway but we're gonna
start with something I gotta start with
something so if you want a copy of
portal
on Steam the first subscriber to type in
the letter for I'm gonna send them the
letter for letter for how there is no
letter for I'm sorry the for spelled out
the number yeah first first bonus you
know I feel bad because people are
typing the number properly don't letter
for no / sloshed from DuckTales gets it
because that's what I meant
all right all right
sloshed from duck tails tails you're our
first contestant so you had it's like
private message to twitch with the
password / from duck tails I'm about to
send you a private message with the
password and the room and the room so
you need to actually like turn off the
the screen on OBS here give me one
minute here sloshed I'm gonna send you a
quick twitch I'm gonna send you a
message through twitch that's great
no bus
no BOTS doodle doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo what do we do for the job are
you typing in be sure sure be handling
the message hold on
tails rocket and be message let's see
here
it's not on screen uh nope it wouldn't
show up anyway because it's got the the
dashes the stars oh we probably don't
need to turn that off in the future
sure I guess that's true yeah okay
create match
all right slash from ducktales I just
sent you I just sent you a message with
the with the password and the let's
start walking start the room and then I
got to turn the screen back on and the
OBS the the room name is prereq and I
just sent you the password right you you
have the the active controller here no
you should
you don't what did you do I didn't do
anything
what'd you - rich what what did you - I
didn't do anything
great Matt okay so you are playing for a
copy of portal your threes none of our
controllers are working so oh hold on
yeah pause for hold the wire rich rich
what do you do it you know what I'm
gonna sometimes these USB ports are
finicky oh nice
that sounded that sounded promising huh
again wait hey whatever the I have
functionality do you have okay well
start what you join and we'll see if I
can join in how do I join in
hey guys there we go oh do you have one
point on us already dude well that
doesn't count yeah
we start this that's not bullshit you
you cheap bullshit
Oh get the mouse out of the middle of
the screen - how do we do that you
cheater cheater pumpkin eater options
no leave match alright hold on we're
gonna try again
you cheater cheater pumpkin eater hide
slosh from ducktales okay rich and I are
gonna join orange you join blue and
obviously we're gonna wait for you
because well they have to get the whole
five minutes we should have how does it
it starts it automatically there was no
like start game leave match how does
this work we're terrible at this rich
you guys this is our first time doing
the game giveaway and I'm really sorry
but we're gonna try this again but rich
in America we're not gonna choose our
teams yeah we're not gonna choose our
teams we're gonna wait until you're
ready you go oh we are wearing the exact
same car I wanted to change my god oh
well it doesn't matter okay I have mine
on Orange rich get yours on orange and
we'll wait till we see slot from
DuckTales join blue okay oh here we go
Crowther joined the match okay okay
joined blue and then most okay right
we're here we're good
it's starting we know how to do this now
yep
let's see this I mean it might seem a
little unfair because it's a if nobody
wins we will switch over to one versus
one yeah until until Metal Gear Solid 5
then you gotta move this two-on-one I'm
sorry right cuz we're not pro players
we're just slums but you know like
there's two on look at I couldn't score
there I suck Oh apparently I suck too
rich what we're sucking we're not losing
that's true we're not losing
we are sucking and that's something good
I wouldn't want this to be completely
unbalanced if if the Challenger didn't
stand a chance it wouldn't be any fun
that's true that you know what rich it
needs to be difficult but doable
cuz I've I've actually I've held my own
in two versus one oK you've done two
versus one before
Oh somebody dropped out oh sure sure
here we go here we go here we go nope
Oh God shit what are they playing for
now portal portal alright
playing for portal here goes here goes
Oh what happens if feathers are tight
well I'm oh no well this time yeah we'll
be fine
I'm playtest three weeks Mad Max and
Metal Gear I blew him up felt a little
bad about that but you should that's the
game boom alright now one that's
teamwork that's teamwork right there
portal is a great game but super cheap
yeah work work we have more expensive
things waiting in the wings this is this
is this is the undercard this is kind of
abnormal this is a warm-up yes this is
this is really this is really just us
like we've been a while since been play
a we want to warm up but we still wanna
give us up so you don't we start my
portal yeah it's pretty easy Colonel
Richard Colonel rich mustard you didn't
miss it but you need to be a subscriber
tonight to win so no no
Oh God Souter I'm hitting the wrong
button I went to hit rocket now that I
had jump oh yeah yeah we might need to
go one on one wrench okay okay we might
need to go one on one this is a little
this feel this feels wrong that does
this does how do I challenge you or you
have to be a subscriber and we will
we'll call out you know a call out to
who wants what game well announce the
game who wants to play us for a game X
and the person that wants to place for
game X the first subscriber to say such
and such will will will will send you
the password to get in the room right oh
did you see that epic save I did I feel
bad about it why you shouldn't let it go
in you think you think just because I
feel bad I'm gonna I'm gonna jump out
here I'm giving this my already know
that's how that's how rocket League
works and I'm sorry that you know he and
here's the great consolation prize if
you don't win the game
you still get to play rocket League
which is which is a that's a prize in
and of itself is just playing this game
what the fuck indeed the next one might
be one-on-one the next one will be
one-on-one but I still say metal gear 5
it's gonna be 2 1 1 okay okay
yeah any of that any of the newer titles
Metal Gear 5 shadow of Mordor that'll be
like it warmed up first yeah we have a
bunch of steam titles that way that we
can do 1v1 matches for come on oh we
talked about two versus two but then the
problem is who gets what game you know
right like we don't have two copies of
games and so it's like yeah who gets who
gets what that would be that would be
tricky I do I did see you had two copies
of Metal Slug 3 no do it yeah no I
thought you did
oh that's another cheap one
that's another cheap one what the
fucking bead oh my god what just trying
it's fine it's not get it trying to get
it centered trying to get Center fine I
said it's fine god damn it it's fine
we're not we're not working well
together we are not a well-oiled No well
oh damn it
nicely thank you for being our guinea
pig yeah
oh go for that last one
oh yeah it almost went in too damn it
all right okay are we switching it up
then Oh God
you want to do the first one on one
that's fine okay oh they're new things
on luck oh I got a new thing you got a
new thing
well hey sloshed from DuckTales thanks
for joining in thanks for playing
vain the experimental person we're not
giving you portal because he lost that's
that's how the game giveaway works do
you want bad rats if you want bad rats
we can give you bad rat I have a copy of
bad rap no no he didn't win yeah but
it's bad rats yeah okay exit 2 main menu
you have the primary control the primary
controller ok you want to switch up yeah
yeah you can you can take this first one
so create private match so let's see
what what game are we gonna play for now
we'll do another easy one can we get rid
of one of the controllers what do you
mean go back to one person is there a
way to do that well yeah when you go to
online you you just you know 1v1 alright
so create a private match and then right
now it's on two versus two still
well oh yeah I guess we good just do one
1v1 how about a copy of nuclear throne I
have an extra copy of nuclear throne
it's a game I really enjoy screamed at
once twin-stick shooter randomly
generated hardest balls super fun game
nuclear throne so anyone who wants to
play the first of all you have to be a
subscriber yeah if you want to play us
in nuclear throne you need to type the
world is in the place for play rich
you're playing rich in a 1v1 game you
need to type only the word throne first
subscriber who says throne how many get
we have a lot of games just kicking
around we get gifted a lot of games and
between the two of us but like it
doesn't it's fish bus it's fish brush
it's fish bus yep I'm double check it
looks like you're the first yep alright
it's fish bus I'm about to send you a
message and twitch let's see here new
message - its fish bus subject rocket
alright and let's see here and swash
ducktales can't try again because he did
not win
I have just sent you the passcode create
match and now you remember don't join in
until you see their joy all right fish
bus fish bus for nuclear throne nuclear
throne new Keeler nuclear one sec I'll
be playing with half the screen which is
annoying ah I don't know how to I don't
know what
the room is pre-record still right yeah
yeah the room is prereq still and I saw
your case one long run on prereq and the
password is what you got sent yeah fish
bus fish bus was first I'm double
checking yep okay where are you where
are your fish bus
fish fish bus we will give you a time
limit yeah the room is pre wrecked no
space no space all lower case the room
is prereq it's pronounced nuclear it's
not nucular right its nuclear that's a
thing new I don't know if the game has
the goofy wave spelling or something
nucular but it's nuclear its nuclear not
not nucular yes its nuclear
yes yeah everyone knows yeah fish bus
fish bus fish bus fish bus someone just
joined oh I thought I saw that on the
screen
just pick one I don't care I didn't care
fish bus I don't I don't see anyone
joining I'll just get at auto and no no
wait wait till they join I think it's
where I saw in the top corner some such
and such joining well with over there
okay
there there okay we're here I beat you
with half a screen because I have to
just just just go to spectate okay
okay there are fish bus for your own
copy of nucleo oh my god my rich rich
what was that that was that was me
hitting a button wrong that was a
memorizing biffing it's fine it's fine
it's all fine rich that was that was
that was you know you know how often I
use an Xbox controller like never oh
it's fucking never oh I can't believe it
it feels wrong in my hand I can't
believe that you're blaming the Xbox
controller
I am dammit obviously that mistake could
cost rich the game and us a copy of
nuclear throne fish but you know like in
1v1 every goal is so important and
riches riches rolling past the ball with
oh here we go we're on target stay on
target
stay on target oh my god is this gonna
be the most pathetic goal ever it's
fucking trying riches has to come in
from behind here fish bus going strong
for the goal again but fish bus also
kind of fuck it up a little bit here
maybe I can switch my spectator to fish
bus what was that what was that oh I'm
gonna watch my goal look at that
beautiful oh you know what I like that
yeah now we can see when fish bus is
doing that's really nice I could use the
camera but now it's on fish bus and now
we get we get it from both perspectives
okay we are now tied up ah fish bus with
the oh here it is he's getting that he's
getting the ownable
fish bus fish bus he fucked up oh you
had it in the palm of your hands too
gladiators are going at it oh fish bus
has a clear shot of the gold nice block
by rich fish bus another oh there you go
there you go
show me what you got two two one one
point ahead this is definitely more
exciting the one yeah yeah it's more
exciting well originally when you were
it started with just you talking about
getting rid of your copy of Metal Gear
Solid 5 yeah and I I didn't want that to
be over real quick I wanted it to last
right so I thought we should make a
little bit harder two versus one but
yeah two versus one is a slaughter there
we go nice one rich clears that oh fish
bus super offensive move damn it you
know you have to be careful when
demolishing someone obviously it gives
you a it gives you a small clearing to
make a goal but they could they pop up
usually in a pretty defensive position
so it's it's always a gamble demolishing
someone okay nice nice you gotta move
rich you got to move nice Jack overall
does not like Metal Gear Solid 5 I think
we've talked about this before the my my
thing is the while the individual
missions and overall gameplay is really
satisfying the story is so stupid and
the characters so bland that I can't be
invested in the game and I feel this is
just Jack just Jack not Rich's feelings
that I feel like the missions get a
little too repetitive because it has no
story or character to carry a meal oh my
god and fish bus fish bus fish bus now
has a decisive two point lead we sell
two minutes left two minutes is a lot of
time the review I'm editing the review
right now it should be up over the
weekend no spoilers the spoiler is it's
filled with stupid it's the story is
filled with stupid the we don't we don't
get too bad into spoiler territory in
the review so you don't need to worry
about that and no I won't get into
spoilers which if you're a Metal Gear
fan it's all the same shit you like
it's still stupid I just don't like
stupid I like the game I wouldn't give
my copy up because I really like the
gameplay right and yeah me and I'm just
done with it I have about I just want
everyone to shut up in the game I have
80 hours into the game and I'm just done
wow that's bad that's no you got it oh
you have oh that's him huh
that was that was I know that was him
that's right
maybe I forget oh well I'm not fond of
referring to myself in the third person
but often rich and i's opinions kind of
get lumped into one yeah and i know rich
is overall enjoying the game and so i
don't want to lump him in with my
opinion which is kind of negative
towards the this this is exciting which
this is very exciting yes fish bus fish
bus just lost his his breathing room
right there
Oh what we essentially tied oh my god
well we're doing something we're
slightly different we're doing a very
exciting game gift giveaway in which
they need to challenge us to win a game
and so they and riches riches losing us
games is basically what's happening but
if you would like to join us we could
grab another microphone we might need
another chair hey I'll be here for at
least another hour anyway oh that seems
awfully specific probably not I do
damn it damn it damn it
you won it's fish buses defeated me yeah
I haven't
it happens Jack rich you selling the
honor of prereq bite my ass right we're
taking a brief pause here to hook up the
mic for Jake yep that's exactly what
we're doing
switch this mic over to sue me you and I
said how's that looking oh my god what
one two check check Mike check I just
did it I'm not gonna do it again boss is
credentials okay I'm assuming you're
just giving away steam games
you're not like physically mailing
people we are going to physically mill
102 the big woman is gonna say I still
got that stack of movies at home give
those always gifts yeah a lot of them
are horror movies so maybe that can be a
spooky horror movie Stream
well yeah Halloween coming up a
Halloween stream in Oh spook taxi was
that game I played yeah I it would be a
pain in the butt to set it up because
I'd have to get it to work with a
controller because I'm assuming you
wouldn't want to use a mouse but this is
game called manhunt okay and it feels
very John Carpenter esque to me where oh
yeah your character is a convict
murderer and they they execute you but
they don't really execute you they give
you the lethal injection but you wake up
in this like dilapidated room in like a
town that's that's kind of like a
Detroit but smaller like just run
downtown where after buildings are
abandoned yeah and there are cameras all
over the town and people hunting you Oh
basically they take the executed
murderer and they hunt them for sport oh
and the guy in charge gets off on
filming the murders
so these keys in your ear the whole time
encouraging you to violently murder
people and so you in the game you sneak
up on these people who are hunting you
and you kill them in the most gory
violence possible and when you do it
they switch to the cameras point of view
so it looks like shitty videotape oh
this sounds great is this the but your
time out earlier that's on the
PlayStation 2 or is it it's it's old go
throw game okay on the PlayStation 2 you
can use it you can it's available on the
PC but it's designed to be used with
like a mouse that way okay yeah I
probably was sooo they're good at here I
have to bring in the PlayStation 2 or
find a way to map the mouse to all the
controls that would be a pain in the
butt to set up so what's next
why don't we do why don't we do a big
one next why don't we do a shadow of
Mordor well do one more small one that's
just you versus all in one you know what
or fuck you
negative John Carpenter he tweeted the
other day that he because he's a big
video game fan he's like this old man
but he loves video games video games in
basketball and he tweeted that he loves
alien isolation so the fact that John
Carpenter has said that completely
invalidates you guys as a penis that's
fair that's fair - okay I guess he's not
that great check wait we actually can't
stream man hug - its manhunt - is the
what do you work there keyboard oh man
hunt - is the video game equivalent of
x-rated you can't stream it on Twitch
really yeah I'm pretty sure they make
games that graphic heard PlayStation 2
the second one was was controversial
when it came out yeah
it went too far that just means it's
probably great probably oh if you never
played it I am I don't know I don't have
the second I have the first one okay
give me my notebook we could we could
try and hunt down the second one for you
I haven't done matter me okay we got
nuclear throne gone
how about Borderlands 2 on Steam okay so
this is for Borderlands 2 on Steam one
versus Jack one versus Jack and let's
see here the first person Jay yes say a
word just any word yeah mustard mustard
the first person to type mustard
seriously they came Frick yeah I think
you can stream the original man I don't
like I don't think the original manhunt
got the adults-only rating though it's
still pretty bad spooky Dookie special
which is still up front possibly one of
my favorite twitch handles spooky Dookie
I'm going to send you a message so the
room is still prereq all lowercase all
one word I'm gonna send you a message
with the dealy-bob the password and a
password is gonna be yeah I have to type
it in now and great and stuff what the
fuck indeed Borderlands 2 okay dad off
my shit I'm gonna defend our honor here
rich have you been losing most of these
we did we played twice and we've lost
one away one one the one we won was -
vs1 - vs1 so that doesn't count
and then now move yours to us spectate
all right spooky Dookie so you're on the
left Jack I'm on the left and then
spooky Dookie rich I'll change the
camera so spooky Dookie on the right
what button was on why I'm or you press
like right on the dad okay all right
waiting for spooky up here it is here's
Spooky's Spooky's dukey's his blue I'm
Team Orange let's go all right boom
right away
first touch Oh Jack you're gonna you're
gonna do an old gold no everything's
fine
you're not kidding you that easy spooky
oh you might get this though yes oh dear
oh shit oh shit oh shit I I was not I
was not thinking with portals there that
was that was a terrible decision why
would you be thinking with portals at
all Jack maybe that's my problem with
the game okay there we go
boom I saw what the fuck so loud yeah
okay you got it got it got it boom who
you gotta earn this Spooky's boom okay
all right reclaimed my honor a little
bit over although oh oh shit oh those
science those socks
yeah they just got it that's that's fine
look that's fine that's fine spooks all
right
spooky new key spooky Dookie Dookie
there we go we have to keep this game
out when you do his hands jack I'm
working on it rich oh no not a rocket
booster
we're not giving away one other fucking
game today that's nothing not one which
is really mean of us cuz like that's the
whole point of this dream is like the
game gift giveaway novel game the whole
point of the stream is to keep games
away from other people so that we have
all the game oh oh my god oh my god
you're already you have already lost the
buffer zone what I'm one is hard like
you know with Noah with no one to have
your back I know you're at such a
disadvantage damn it you got it you got
it you got it
just don't mess it up oh my god you
almost you almost fucked that up I
needed to go fast though cuz he was
gonna be he's right on my back okay
alright getting it back getting it back
getting back into the flow they're
calling you Stella cuz you're getting
your groove back no I do
matter your movies void spooky Dookie
you son of a bitch alright you still you
still don't like the two-on-one Jack huh
you still don't like the two-on-one oh
oh my god wait a minute what happened
what happened I made the ball going I
missed the ball this is my game to lose
here oh I feel terrible
fine it's fine it's a game it's a line
and it's fun I think people like it when
we lose
well obviously I'm assuming the spookie
do you would like it if you lost I think
we need to win at least one or two
before we go down into the big games yes
I agree
thank you spooky okay okay
No look at my my my my fuck up hurry
like oh how many points you need to win
just one more it's more than the other
guy at the end of the time oh it's a
time thing yeah it's counting down that
class oh yeah the other way spooky nope
oh man fuck fuck fuck fuck I got this
you don't got this I got this I think
you're going to school Jack you know I
could I can see that spooky is a better
player than me I can see that but I
might get lucky I just have two more
minutes oh my god I have two minutes and
no rocket oh here we go got my rocket
boost oh my god oh my god oh and spooky
were you you were fucking around there
cuz he thought I was gonna score no
matter what yeah oh my god oh my god oh
my god I have not been drinking
okay spooky you're not you're just gonna
sit there and like he was just waiting
for me to fuck up cuz I was doing that
poorly you know it's correct I was doing
very poorly come on
and I kept thinking that he like he had
me in his sights and so I like I kept I
was moving fast you know like I didn't
want to I didn't want to like take my
time and line up my shots right cuz I
figured he was right on my tail but he
was just like yeah I'll just watch Jack
fuck up
for five minutes he's got the buffer
zone yeah he can exactly oh yeah yeah
yeah he's thinking I got that
Borderlands 2 in my pocket
what do we have left to give away like
bad rats we have plenty of copies of bad
rats rats infamously bad only without
any of the class of big rigs off the
road you guys should stream that one of
these days
it'd be a two-minute stream um what bad
rats big rigs everyone knows about it at
this point so it wouldn't be like a
giant discovery spooky Dookie are you
getting it in your own goal for me
ouch that hurts
ah that hurts spooky look at this he
aimed for his own goal he's helping me
ha ha ha
spooky Dookie spooky dude I mean you won
obviously there's no coming back from
this there's no coming back from Oh God
you got that first touch yeah how about
that
thanks for looking up you got it you got
it come on good job you scored the point
is spooky charitable or just the condo I
think he's both but I mean at this point
I'm gonna look up terrible
oh just terrible stop it he's already
it's because of all the smack I talked
about rich losing and that's okay that's
okay I'm refusing to do a big game can
we get at least two victories over
adults Jack I just refused
congratulations
spooky Dookie you get a copy of
Borderlands 2 I'm gonna send your
message I'm gonna send you message right
now or spooky just reply to the message
I sent you with your steam information
and I will get I will get you everything
all right what do we got next you want
to do it another little one yeah yeah
okay Borderlands 2 is thinking how about
not the borderlands 2 was especially
little who's a nice game these I mean
these are just Steam games how about
what do you think about walking dead or
half-life 2 Walking Dead okay everybody
and their mother has half-life 2 it well
they should yeah you know okay The
Walking Dead I think it's just episode 1
just episode 1 I have no idea I've never
even that's probably the whole thing it
might be the whole thing The Walking
Dead game we're gonna do we're gonna go
for The Walking Dead game is next and
the first person oh it's on Steam by the
way Walking Dead on Steam so the first
subscriber who types in the name han
Solo
really I was gonna say darabond
oh sorry I'm sorry
oh as people would see people are
guessing what name I was gonna have him
time no there it is
sweets I'm points I'm schmoozing
Schmoyer you were the first person to
type in Han Solo so you
whoa I'm going to get a shot at the
walking dead game have I explained to
you guys my Star Wars hype problem I
don't think so I have I have a very real
problem
what is this Walking Dead Walking Dead
rocket and the password is going to be
okay
I just sent you okay that great match I
just sent you the password and okay now
I'm gonna talk about my Star Wars hi
problem so Reese not as I've discussed
before you'll be playing rich by the way
oh yeah rich is playing so you have
until you have a chance at losing anyone
who plays me so I have a star I have a
big Star Wars height problem which is
we've recently re-watched all the
original movies with my boys and they
love them that they are now huge Star
Wars fanatics they watched the original
three and that's the original three
videos e3
yeah as far as I'm telling them that's
the only three Star Wars movies holders
not working I don't know is your
controller working yeah that's all that
matters
well the Center for spectator matters
okay well I'll worry about that when
it's time okay join orange again yeah
random plug in plug it back in bed USB
g-force kind of funky stalled mine
that'd be bad
there we go oh yeah right off the bat
right off the bat joy to us and so we've
been consuming a bunch of Star Wars
stuff recently we've been watching the
Star Wars rebels TV show which is like a
cartoon which they love we've been
reading Star Wars comic books every
night and it's great for them because
they're super into it the only problem
is it's getting these super hyped for
the new movies and I've been doing such
a good job of staying like cool yeah
keeping my expectations reasonable just
like understanding what it is but like
I'm reading these comics and they're
pretty good and you know like you watch
the Star Wars rebels and you're having a
little fun with it and so my hype is
building so I think at this point I'm
incapable of getting hyped for new Star
Wars yeah I'm cautiously optimistic but
that's about where it ends
sure and I'm I'm starting to get excited
for the new Star Wars movie just because
of like I think it's like my children's
excitement is rubbing off on me like
they're really excited to see we're
gonna go see it in the theater with them
and like this is this is turning into a
rout you know somewhere it's and I'm I'm
predicting I'm guessing just bought the
game for the street which is fine but
fine no and I like I I know Chad like I
know I shouldn't be hyped I should be
cool and this is exactly my problem is
even though my brain knows better my
heart is starting to be like its
children though the heart of a child
that's exact you know but I don't want
to ignore their excitement which will of
course rub off on you yeah cuz kids get
excited about stuff right oh wow like a
cocky I got cocky
come on more times you can't be a
shutout that's the rule is it can't be a
shutout if it's a shout-out you owe us a
game because you know like you lose you
lose but if it's a shutout that's a
pride
you know like everyone loses a game
everyone has a bad game obviously I've
just had it really bad
III got to feel like we're dealing with
a rookie okay and that's funny that's
the basic car right there this is this
is a freshly bought game so come on more
time
there you go get one get one get there
nice go
nice one see ya an other people are
saying like they've they've introduced
people to Star Wars recently and it's
it's contagious and it's dangerous I
remember being really hyped for episode
1 oh yeah I don't think I'd ever been it
was excited for a movie but wasn't I
saved that was a nice save oh oh damn -
rich Biff oh can you get there in time
rich can you get there in time nice whip
that's a great whip but by the way you
did well you did well do you think my
time was a could be lulling me into a
false sense of security this Charlie
posses a ringer the fault card oh man I
guess I just you know never know I just
started playing the game
maybe we should up the ante to two games
I'm doing so bad after all but if anyone
hasn't read the Star Wars comics they're
pretty good the new run robbers running
on oh yeah you mentioned that Murph owns
the new Marvel ones I'm having a really
good time reading them they take place
after a new hope and kind of Chronicle
yeah I wonder what happens well you know
they're they're filling in the gap as
far as like Luke finding out about the
Jedi because with obi-wan dead yeah Luke
has no way of knowing anything they'd be
neat I've been getting in the comics so
Luke is the focus of it yeah what's it's
Luke Leia and Han okay and like Leia and
Han are trying to lay the foundation for
the Rebel Alliance
and Luke is trying to figure out what
the fucking Jedi is intended to be
ongoing
I believe say eventually they're gonna
have to yeah yeah I can only oh snap I
can only see them at one point they're
gonna get to Empire yeah and then you
know we have the time between Empire and
and Jedi and then maybe they'll fill in
between Jedi and the force awakens who
knows that'll take much more time to
fill in oh yeah between Jedi force
awakens Oh glad I'm glad you were
reading that it's fish bus wool is such
a good book I enjoyed it so so much if
anyone likes future apocalypse female
protagonists sci-fi shit
you get tie game oh my god yeah Richard
have you been have you started pulling
punches there's more time I'm gonna come
back he's getting back oh my god oh my
god
Jay how did you get the PBR can to
explode on the half of the balance ABC
our party that was a while ago
Oh God did it explode Oh was that when
the the VCRs were all going nuts and
there's like electricity everywhere and
I think we had them explode I think we
just put firecrackers on them that's
usually our our answer to anything I did
I want to say we put firecrackers on the
lid but I don't honestly don't remember
that's what I did for past maybe r2 we
just put firecrackers on the lid and
that made them explosion yeah no losing
rich yeah I know get it together my
works are the best solution yeah it
comes to needing any sort of special
effects and with a can of beer or any
carbonated beverage if you put a
firecracker and not a fire it was like
an m-80 or whatever you know it was a
big and I think what we used was a
little bit stronger it wasn't just a
firecracker it was like you know one of
those bigger bigger ones that is oh my
god rich oh my god rich Oh for fuck's
sake yeah you're losing the Walking Dead
game rich yeah well you lost Borderlands
2 I believe by how much a lot a lot a
little bit more than this so if you put
an m-80 on a on a can of beer it
explodes in a very satisfying way yeah
just put it right where the the lip is
what do you call that the opener right
where the opener is nice one rich nice
shot there's a lot legal technically in
the City of Milwaukee
the only legal firework for consumer use
is sparklers and snakes but you can go
right outside Milwaukee where there's
like 80 firework stores yeah
of them and get all the good stuff
though they've recently passed a law in
the last couple of years where you need
to be like it's members only
that's it and so every time you go to
buy fireworks you have to like buy a
membership card unless you carry it with
you oh but you know no one everyone buys
fireworks you know twice a year except
for us we buy Molly
Ulrich get there get there get there get
there get there I don't know if that's
come on I'm not the one that usually
buys the fireworks so I don't know if
that's the case with us or not I guess
it must be if you say it's a it's a long
oh yeah yeah because they have to be
like private organizations now and so
you have to be a member of the firework
Club in order to buy fireworks so I only
assume if you guys buy the met often
that you are a member I guess boom oh my
god rich this is tense yeah this is the
high scoring game yes it is oh yeah if
you gonna have to like Waukesha you can
just buy fireworks at the gas station
that's that's walk here you have to go
down to Racine that's close to Milwaukee
that's like that's like 20 minutes
outside of Milwaukee yeah that's fine
he's gonna bounce
and there's a million firework stores
right off the freeway they go there you
go oh I'll get there get there get there
get stressed oh oh thick the first rule
of firework Club is you can't sue the
place where you bought fireworks from
that's the first rule
there's no joke there I know I know
that's a Fight Club joke but now that's
the real rule oh come on rich you got
this you got this there you go this is
tense this is tense Richard oh oh oh boy
time with the power rich we didn't fuck
at all 13 seconds you got to tie it up
oh my god oh my god nope no not gonna
happen unless you can juggle it all the
way back you can't let it touch the
ground oh ah
Shmi time nice congratulations that was
an earned game that was an earned game
my time
