Episode 232
Operation Dumbo Dropsy (Part 2)
October 12, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp2fBtgbzxY
___________________________________________

an ever-growing list of things I want to
play or do a chat I almost worked in a
comic book store oh my local comic book
store offered me a job when I was in
high school but my overprotective
grandmother did not want me to I hope
there Oh No yep oh no how terrible yep
rich imagine how different your life
would be it yeah surely surely she just
shop a whole thing down immediately I
don't know why it would have been great
for a young meat to you know get some
work experience after high school after
class no but no well the host is just a
work experience comic work oh I'm sorry
rich
that was some of the some of the most
fun times I ever had was working at the
used video game and movie store that was
when my destiny got derailed basically
no there's no destiny oh my clown is
pooping come on come on game we're
better than that right we're better than
that that's right you should have told
her it was a Christian bookstore I still
think she would have said yeah she was
weird about seeing me grow up oh she
wanted what she wanted I was her last
chance at having a kid oh gotcha yeah
you were you were her baby she had seven
children they'd all grown up and move on
and damaged he was gonna hold on to be
for as long as she could
rich confirmed for almost bit the next
casado yeah I never would have broken up
the spider-man marriage so so also when
I said dead characters have to stay dead
I would have meant it yeah dead
characters need to stay dead oh it's a
sneaky one what's so hard about that
rich what's so hard about
what's so hard about keeping dead
characters dead I I don't know III think
they make foolish choices in killing
them off in the first place anyway right
you shouldn't be killing off a big name
character unless you have a damn good
reason there's just narrative Lee
nothing else you can do with them for
whatever reason then maybe you kill them
off and have it stick I would stick have
it be important have a sit you know for
a while at least wasn't Captain America
dead for a good long time before they
brought him back which time to Touche I
mean from like from like Golden Age to
the Silver Age no I don't think they
killed him off in this in the Golden Age
I think they just kind of didn't ice
thing and that was after the fact like
in the sixth I want her to start using
them huh I had they they only did that
because by the time you got to the 60s
age-wise no world war two was 20 years
ago right captain america would be too
old hey it's probably nice save a g-wiz
bank a moment to let's look that's what
that one's
okay that makes sense
that makes sense she's funny because at
the time you know World War two is
recent enough you could have just done
like a 50 year old grizzled Captain
America you know they could have done
that oh sure hell it could have been
gonna miss 40s at that point oh you know
but kind of you know comic books still
for children so I gotta cut heavy the
kids rich Oh somebody somebody sent you
some comic books throughout the studio
so oh yeah some wonder woman trade
paperbacks and something else forgot
what it was someone was upset at me
because I well they weren't upset at me
you know they were they were just saying
how basically what i was doing by
reading the the Wonder Woman Superman
comic books and complaining about them
was it was only hitting the you know the
couple of potholes on the road and
complaining about the bumpy road yep and
so they said they were going to send me
some some good some of the good stuff
okay well it's it's it's sitting in the
this the streaming room right now I am
pretty excited about that
oh I'm not I don't want to take your
tapes man I'd I know I want to talk to
this guy he wants records this guy wants
records and if I give him records no i
don't
stop groping that man I will never stop
groping that man leftover beef cakes is
40 s is so old I speak experience this
is the thing i like when when Garth eNOS
was writing the punisher he was writing
like a sixty-year-old Punisher because
he didn't want to lose the Vietnam War
origins oh sure he just wrote her older
Punisher and you know it worked yeah but
that's the punisher nobody cares about
the potter just not true I not sure what
I know I only say that because I know
you like to find a lecture look Alana
sure there's you know what there's
something we can we can now wax
philosophical about which superhero do
you think most deserves to die either
for the horrible things they've done in
universe or just because just to shake
things up I don't know I don't know that
a hero would need to die because of
horrible things they've done in the
universe character that has trouble
things good could just lead to some
interesting character moments conflicts
sure I don't know that alone is a reason
to kill off a character okay I think I
think you should kill off a character
when you you've run out of interesting
things to do with them once they've once
they've completely run their course okay
so who needs to death they don't i don't
know why i haven't I honestly haven't
given that much thought you know what
I'm gonna go with mr. boobs here I think
Batman needs to die oh well more
specifically I think Bruce wayne/batman
no because whatever somebody else is in
the call I don't give a shit at all I I
you know what I as a general rule there
might be an exception here there eat
like a secure unders they just they just
feel like a watered-down lesser version
of the original they're like like a
character they didn't have their own
ideas
well no but not even that like you know
for example you know Nightwing or you
know Grayson is the new thing where Dick
Grayson is no longer than Nightwing he's
Grayson yeah or Robin or you know Red
Hood or someone who takes up the mantle
not necessarily Batman Oh bad girl
recently ran into Mecca Batman in the
Batgirl universe because i've been
reading Batgirl comics and mecha-suit
Batman is the stupidest thing in the
world Jim Gordon yeah mecha-suit Batman
yeah how did that happen how did we let
that happen I don't know how did the
comic book world let let that happen
it's so dumb I don't give no fucks it
look if it's not working characters just
come back to life it's fine reset reset
reset in any case bruce wayne batman i
think i think needs his time has passed
i'll say you should probably kill
villains off once they've lost a few too
many times and they start to become a
joke I think I think I think good
villains need to go out when they were
still on top you know but I think like
they they still have a they do have a
purpose they're like because they're
usually like level one villains for
people you know and they're laughing
stocks like like a
balt rock the leaper you know you know
less that's almost a joke villain to
begin with I mean like like how many dr.
Doom's stories can you tell and and once
he's lost so many times Z is any less of
a threat that's what they always say
like oh no that was a robot that lost
that last time look like dr. do dr. doom
is a character I might be okay with the
blinking or you know why do we even have
to kill off what if like some characters
like dr. doom what if they just had a
finale yeah like what if he finally just
decided like you know what I have my own
country I'm just gonna leave my country
for a little bit and not worry about
mining International Space gold or
whatever right by finale I thought you
meant like an epic and battle that would
ended their device and that would be
great Oh was like that's how you get rid
of dr. too well but not even that like
what it what if for example I see some
people pointing to the Batman Beyond
story you know where it's just like
Bruce Wayne as olders are we passing on
the mantle but like Bruce Wayne isn't a
big part of that and so what if it's the
same with dr. doom words like instead of
like there could be a battle but what if
also he's just like completed his arc as
the villain and doesn't want to be a
villain anymore and it's just like shit
I'm just that's then at least you're
doing something new and interesting with
the character no fine which okay great
grim that's great I might have like run
out of things to do like I didn't run
out of things to do I just I'm just at a
point now where I'm not quite sure what
to do basically I'm okay with killing
off a villain before they get tired yeah
you know yeah dr. Jim can stop being a
villain and just be a normal dictator
good plan jack well you know what I mean
you just there's some characters that
that can never die because they're too
popular and somebody will want to bring
the back people want to see them return
like he can never you can ever kill us
fire you could never kill off Peter
Parker right well you know but but I
think they've done that before with like
minor characters where they've either
died or like you know gone off to Xanadu
to you know help their people or
whatever but then some writer sometime
later says hey let's maybe look at this
in a fresh way yeah so maybe it's a good
idea just to leave leave some characters
alone for a little bit I wouldn't
slaughter care there's no reason yeah
yeah also oh you know what if I were
editor-in-chief of marvel yeah i would
put in the jmd metis policy JM de metis
policies right later on spider-man also
that the hatchet men because he became
really famous and popular for killing
off a bunch of established well-known
characters okay he replaced them with
nothing so as editor-in-chief of Marvel
I would have a policy where you do not
as a writer you are not allowed to kill
a character off until you have brought a
different new fresh character into the
marvel universe that is at least as
popular and important yes you are
allowed to kill someone off huh
again I might be pronouncing his name
wrong Jan to be teased dematteis or
whatever his name was people loved him
and I hated him because just he killed
old characters been around for a while
and popular characters and strong
supporting characters and ultra dramatic
ways Oh is the death of so-and-so and
then he replaced them with nobody of
Noah and spiraled became very empty
dying and they were being replaced with
jack shit
Frank Miller created a destroyer looking
for you yeah but he also created a
lecturer so he you know he does his own
creation but he did he did create a cape
memorable character he would be allowed
to kill that character or a different
character off in in you know a Marvel
Universe run by me I think by the way
that is um that should be prior to
number one if you create a character you
also have the power to destroy that
character yeah yeah but i'm not i'm not
letting anybody kill anybody until
they're bringing in new characters who
are also popular as popular as
characters they wanna kill off oh but
and see i would see the rule the rule
that supersedes that is unless you have
created that character well well did you
don't even need a separate rule friend
because if you created that character
than you've created a character as
popular as the character you're going to
go off it that you need the one rule
well there's there's a chicken and egg
thing here rich where what you're saying
is you can't kill off a character unless
you've created a character as as love
does that one so we need you like so
you're going off your own character then
that character is by net definition as
popular as the character you're killing
off only eat the one rule oh I get it so
your boy thing is like you don't need to
replace the character you just need to
be of a certain stature yeah you need
you need to be bringing in more than
you're taking out if you're subtracting
from the Marvel Universe more than
you're giving it to it that's a bad
thing in my book oh right but but like
can someone like can they be in the red
can they you know just kill him that's
not in my book no oh and see like to me
they can be in the red as long and what
is that
as long as they created that character
well by creating that character they
will go back oh my god rich I'm console
I've gone slightly cross-eyed maybe just
trust me it works I just don't I just
don't trust you at all well somebody
tells me I want to kill out captain
america like Oh what do you bring it in
what have you what have you brought to
the Marvel Universe tell you want to
take something out of it that's right i
was supposed to go there crack your
control I'm gonna crack head control
says they didn't teach comic math in
clone college you know what they did not
they did not and do you blame them do
you see how complicated this is these
are some these are some ornate rules
right here what game is this this is
dropsy dropsy the clown game it is a
point-and-click adventure game in which
it is your you are trying to make
everyone around you happy do you see the
squirrel the squirrel has a smiley face
because I hugged and kissed the squirrel
so now the squirrel is handy that's
amazing and so it is your job to make
everyone as happy as you can by hugging
and kissing them but some people like
rich don't like clowns all right so then
you need to go on quests
see now you see this lady is telling me
what she why is she unhappy can I hug
you I try to hug her nope
look at Aragon is she so now we just
need to wait and see what think people
are thinking about so she's unhappy see
it says unhappy because her chairs are
empty because this is the preacher lady
and the preacher lady wants people to
preach do so she's a GP so i need to
find people for her to preach to and
then she'll be happy ok oh my god its
glorious rich glorious close game I
gotta I gotta go talk to this guy but I
don't have you know what I need if I
like do I have any pamphlets no I don't
really have any
what what do I think of superior
spider-man I I haven't set foot in the
comic book store since one more day so I
know very little about it living the
basic premise I also don't know much
about it what is here spider-man Doctor
Octopus killed Peter Parker's brain took
over his body and became the new
spider-man for a while oh that sounds
great and that's about all I know so
okay yeah I also know nothing about that
rich what happens in one more day us
when the spider-man made a deal with the
devil to end his marriage because Joe
casada didn't like Mary Jane and it was
editorial interference and it was
retarded and that was the moment I said
how far this so to catch you up even
further spider-man got married to Mary
Jane Peter Parker got married to Mary
Jane yeah and they were doing married
people stuff as married people end up
doing and then and then he made a deal
with the devil to end his marriage and
reset the universe at whatever it was it
was a big deal it was iterative
editorial mandate and not good
storytelling for one how did I end up
over here
roadrunner drummer I i love most of the
quest for glory games we haven't
streamed them because i'm not sure how
good a streaming game that would be
little little too much grinding mixed in
with the with the adventure game stuff
mmhmm yeah that uh like what did what do
we do peasant nah what quest game do we
do King's Quest uh three we did police
quest we did spacequest Kings and the
King's Quest three right that was that
was when I was a total bust so was
leisure suit larry too oh yeah that one
was a bus to some of them just aren't as
good is that that police quest was I
mean yeah young no contest that was the
greatest would we ever stream a classic
fighting game I've never been that into
the classic fighting if I don't hate
them they just work my jam so to speak
Oh name a classic fighting game street
fighter 2 Mortal Kombat oh we definitely
should
oh my god I just dug a grave for a dog
rich are you putting your dog I'll get
it i I don't I honest I have no idea
what I'm doing right now will flower who
Abby oh the bee stung me oh nice what
did you get I got it I got a flower that
I can plant see I then there's a little
girl crying because her plant flower
isn't growing and I tried to give her a
different flower and it didn't really
work I know I could do I got this
oh my god I think I'm visiting my dead
parents okay I think creepy things are
happening no I think real creepy things
are happening oh all right great let's
get weird what are some of the worst
stories consonant that you've come
across in comic books maximum carnage
come to mind I hated the Clone Saga but
I actually liked the death of superman i
thought they handled it that pretty good
all said done anything Rob Liefeld ever
touched was usually garbage any opinion
magic bad comic books you know just just
the recent one where it was like um I
was catching up on or you know as a
trying to expand my comic reading
horizon and catching up on the Wonder
Woman Superman relationship and Superman
if anyone remembers the death of
superman you know he fought doomsday
right Superman was infected with a
doomsday virus that
because after he defeated doomsday he
apparently like inhaled some doomsday
particulates which was slowly up turning
him into doomsday oh my god dudes they
could never die and so then it was it
was like one of those like Superman was
trapped inside Doomsday's body and it's
like how many times do we have to do
that in comic books I don't know how
many comic books I've read were Superman
turned into doomsday well not Superman
but you know or you know just the whole
being being trapped in someone else that
you know like no I'm good I'm good you
know the the the werewolf syndrome if
you will as long they can keep doing
that as long as they can make it
interesting yeah true you know what true
that well fruit average who dat true dat
I guess yeah I guess it was just
something I didn't much care for it and
you know of course I was only reading
like the other thing that bothered me
about the superman wonder woman comic
books was they these stories took place
like in between their their stories and
so I had to like catch up on their
stories in a panel you know like we had
like a little panel being like Superman
got exposed to the rooms a particle when
he fought dues and Superman this you
never do it arrived okay so
so that was all part of it but I don't
know it just it just seemed kind of like
a so once again Superman yeah is an to
me Superman is constantly add to me I've
heard some good things apparently the
new new Superman there's a new new
Superman the new new new Superman has
has gone back power-wise original
Superman where he can just let he's just
really strong and can jump really high
okay apparently I don't know if that's
true or not so I thought that was old
new Superman from like five years ago
best new new I thought that was new new
Superman I don't I don't know what DC
and their constant continuity
changeovers I don't know what's going on
that's the other problem oh I know I
know I know after that was new old new
Superman
nununu someone tell me which Superman
this is a little better just were like
jeans right yeah that's the new new
Superman I thought they were past that
and disappear man who doesn't wear
underwear no well that's moving Superman
well I thought that Superman made into
the comic books and I thought that was
the new new new Superman oh is that it
oh I i don't i'm sure i'm not sure
uh-huh yep i'm just gets used looking at
this from the outside as people probably
are looking at it from the inside right
Rach what were your thoughts I i see
this question in a Jan I will I will
give you my thoughts but rich what were
your thoughts on I am Legend will
smith's 90 I like the attitude you
haven't seen it Will Smith movie got no
well I really enjoyed it up until the
ending which is complete horseshit I
thought it was a really good movie will
Smith gives a really should call it will
Smith were was another classic novel no
no Will Smith didn't I hope I believe it
was a directorial decision ah i robot
no I thought it was really fun i thought
it was a really fun movie like some of
the cg's kind of bad and the the very
very end of the movie is just is just a
punch in a dick is what it is but there
there are some scenes Oh a chicken stole
your tire okay man cool there are there
are some scenes in it where well Smith
is kind of slowly losing his mind
because if the last man left in New York
and and they're really they're really
great look I'm so overall I'm gonna give
it a pass I I saw the the Vincent Price
version many many years ago this play I
don't even remember what the fuck happen
to that one anymore but that was that
was basically a remake that was a remake
of the last man on earth which was based
on a novel called i am legend right
right things have gone in circles which
also kind of inspired night of the
living dead oh sure sure I guess I could
see that I guess I could do that
yeah if I have puttan and you know it's
also been a terribly long time since
I've seen i am legend but i remember
having really positive feelings about it
except for the ending which is just just
god-awful horrible what happens in the
ending do so I'm about to boil I don't
give a shit okay heads heads up
everybody I'm not to spoil it I think
I've heard about this once and I just
don't remember so I'm about to I'm all
I'm about to both spoil the book and the
movie in three two is that the book
endings I know there's an alternate
ending the movie which might be the real
book at right well so in in the book
ending yeah so will smith is fighting
zombies this is basically and her you
know legend is fighting zombies and and
he's trying to cure them he's the doctor
and he's trying to he's doing all he can
to cure them and the end of the book as
it turns out these zombies have their
own consciousness and culture and Will
Smith is the boogie man who keeps
killing them yes which is a beautiful
twist and so that's why he is the legend
he is the legend guy who kills them all
and that's the story I'm familiar with
ya in the movie will Smith meets up with
a lady and her kid and sacrifices
himself to save them because he had just
found the cure and so he's the legend
because he found the cure and killed all
the zombies okay and and the way they
handled it was very action movie schlock
where the rest of the movie was very
kind of this is this is why I had no
interest in saying the movie in the
first place so
but apparently if they get the ending
right I could see it being good because
the rest of the movie is very low-key
very um very grounded performances
really fun atmospheric stuff there's
this whole thing where he talks two
mannequins and it's really fun okay it's
really quite fun oh my god a fish has a
broken heart rich I just met a fish with
a broken heart i'm sorry do i do about
that but i never girlfriend like the
fish with the broken heart you you don't
you cook it and you serve it to somebody
who wants fish now you know what the the
great pin though I don't think that will
smith made that call I think this was
part of Will Smith is Will Smith's his
phase of like proving himself as an
actor you know he did a bunch of life
Loki arthouse movies and and and kind of
the thought peace action films and so I
I do think that that was not I sara lee
is called i associate him with things
like Independence Day and doctor no I
did like men in black right he was he
was a good fit for that role oh sure
fish love Tomatoes fish don't love
tomatoes I got to find him a little fish
friend oh man there's just so much stuff
to do now I don't know I like Will Smith
but I enjoyed that
that character of like the the the cocky
guy the fast-talkin cocky guy who's
really not so cocky underneath it all it
feels so hack but I love it yeah just
give me Eddie Murphy is the actual
fast-talking cocky guy also that that
also works Beverly Hills cops fun stuff
oh not the third one well when Eddie
Murphy was having brain problems and
didn't want to make comedy there's an
interview with John Landis who agreed to
Beverly Hills Cop three even though he
hated the script because he figured well
Eddie Murphy we can make it funny yeah
yeah it said Eddie Murphy had like no
interest in being funny anymore he
wanted it to be like serious action
movie oh yeah yeah oh my god well I feel
that axel foley is like more mature man
but some things he used to do oh no yeah
yeah no it's basically Eddie Murphy
tanked beverly hills cop 3 because he
didn't want to get your media uniform Oh
Eddie Murphy know what do you what are
you doing Eddie Murphy
that's I mean that's terrible that's
hilariously terrible Beverly hose got
three is hilariously terrible but
Beverly Hills calf it's great everyone
agrees on that everyone agrees on that
Eddie Murphy is done with comedies
general loans do-do-do-do do-do-do-do
I'm sorry playing the axel F theme yes I
am it's very appropriate you playing
that axel F that's very appropriate yes
is it is rich I'm a little lost I'm a
little while Sturridge I mean in general
and in the game that's life you know
what I think that is life sometimes
I do in general I just kind of like you
know being around being this creepy
clown looking for people to hug hey who
wants to hug me I am the creepy clown
here for many hugs but my thoughts on
Will Smith in the as Deathstroke and the
upcoming Suicide Squad movie is I don't
really care that much about the upcoming
Suicide Squad movie in first place yes
so Will Smith's performance does not
raise or lower your high place yes no we
have not played until dawn yeah
my stop being mad at me I'm just a clown
I can't there's nothing I can do about
being a clown way I think the
distinguished gentleman dose of Eddie
Murphy movie that didn't get enough
credit where he had a smooth talk his
way into being at the concert yet
congressman yes yes Oh rich use like an
accident everyone man as a congressman
yes a good movie what I remember you
always need that caveat you always need
that kind of yet for older game older
games older movies I also remember it
being good we would probably watch it as
adults and it would be nothing but
heavy-handed political commentary maybe
maybe but I also remember enjoying it I
mean as a kid
that's that's a movie that just kind of
got forgotten about instantly did it I
get you know that did that with the
cable right away it might have been in
the theater for a day to happen
I have my name is Tate says I had that
movie on VHS yeah i bet i've been many
people did somebody saying Jack you can
actually wash off your face paint oh my
god I think I might need to at one point
ya see this guy doesn't like clowns I
can't even get anywhere near him oh my
god and this guy has a picture of oh my
god the oh this guy I think this guy's
wife died in the circus fire and that's
why he's mad at the clown I got holy
shivery there are so many layers to this
Ridge there are fresh flowers on a grave
and he also has fresh flowers I need to
figure out how to wash off my face paint
if I'm going to do this vampire in
Brooklyn was so no I mean
I'm Zico bad
I hugged this guy and I think that was a
mistake can I give you something you
want this
thumpeka bad man he isn't one of those
things
he doesn't want those things rich
ok
okay maybe he wants tomato I could give
him a tomato we went to me out no he
doesn't he just doesn't like clowns okay
okay it's not veikko it's it's fine I'll
figure it out I'll figure out all right
well what does this guy want
he wants to fight the power he does like
heat what he's saying is like he's
talking about like political protests
need to figure out what this guy wants
he doesn't like whatever that is and he
doesn't like money then why can't it
take your shit on your table here oh do
you want a tomato I'll give you a tomato
no no no me does not want a tomato I
thought maybe he would be a like a
hippie do you want to do on a plant
because your plan no me doesn't want to
plan
what was that movie called where Eddie
Murphy was a really snooty actor that
was in a parody religion of Scientology
Goldfinger not go go gurt don't
something neckl fingers gold with her
goals something moved steve martin full
finger bowfinger all finger Bowfinger
which i never found to be terribly good
Abhisit I did because I'm a huge Steve
Martin fan and I don't think it's very
good and that is me being a huge steve
martin van
Pluto Nash now no one saw Pluto Nash get
out of it mr. Pibb says have you tried
putting rose with the dirt on the wilted
rose plant near the crying kid yes I
have tried that and the kid all the kid
says is that the kid loves the dying
flower and so I can only assume I need
some sort of water this cop wants a bad
guy in cuffs chad is having a field day
with my having trouble remembering the
name of an extremely forgettable movie
15 years ago oh yeah
records can get money how do I get money
pills I gotta sell pills jack has
accomplished nothing since I've been
here that that might be true Stu that's
a no then you can start in one of these
games yeah that's what happens in point
and clicks there's a little robot guy
I'm gonna put in the robot dude sanja i
think i think the dark crystal might
never be on cable because it's kind of
an overrated boofy i wanted to love the
dark crystal so much even when every
watched it a few years ago and it never
does it for me it's got a great look but
you think this falls it falls flat yeah
I've never seen it I have never ever
seen it it's alright it's just right it
wants to be an epic memorable epic it'll
be beloved for generations so much oh
that's a little sad they think mm-hmm
any think that's sad I feel sad
it's like a bad willow willow I remember
I remember so much effing willow that
was much like Supergirl Willow was one
of those movies that was one of the few
movies we had on the farm and so I
watched a fuck ton of willow I've seen
that movie so many times yep I remember
nothing about willow other than Warwick
Davis is in it okay no man like this
sorceress turns into like a tiger or
something at some point right no maybe I
remember there's there's a lot of people
changing into animals yes its Warwick
Davis at ass magic stick and a magic
stick yeah and
and then a whole bunch of genius a whole
bunch of brilliance
that Val Kilmer as the other lead in
willow oh my god yeah he's mad murder I
don't remember I totally don't remember
I saw float once and I was a kid yeah
yeah fine I'd seen enough below yep okay
I've seen this this is all i need is
evil I guess yeah I guess
nitro Inferno was saying Jesus rich
white what are you complaining about
what what are you what could you
possibly be complaining about what is it
what is it what are there not
complaining about their then of course I
remember Matt Maher deghans name just
I'll cuz all I can remember is Warwick
Davis going mad mad again Matt Morgan
there's that there's a large chunks of
that movie burned into my brain I've
been attacked mercilessly for days
because i didn't like somebody's
favorite video game go easy on
you've heard around
now see the rose
Jack her up in the 19th century right I
grew up in the 20th century
motherfuckers none of this 21st century
bullshit that we're dealing with now
feel like I'm missing something
I've hit a wall in this game rich I've
had a very real wall in which I have no
fucking idea what to do Chad help check
out was I don't know what it needs to do
this lady's hot maybe do you want a bar
I'll give you a flower a flower oh wait
I think I figured something out oh I
think I made her happy oh oh I did it
rich I got one of the I got one of the
skanks to hug me yay here I thought I
hit a wall well I she doesn't she hugged
me which is nice but now she's still she
still wants a nice green bar
okay okay Matins life see it's not great
my favorite bands up the doors and vana
the doors and Nirvana huh that might be
very confusing if there's actually a
band called the doors and nirvana do you
think there's a band called the doors of
Nirvana there's a band called just about
everything isn't there at this point
what we're running out of band names oh
yeah there are a lot of bad names I've
been on a huge back kick lately yep
everything back I've like I got his new
album and really enjoyed very mellow
very calm and then I started listening
to some of his older stuff and then like
this part of an album I forgot he even
made came on pandora the other day and
it's just like everything he does is
pretty amazing I cannot name for you a
bad back zone
besides mellow gold I mean mellow goals
this first one you know that's not a ton
I mean it's interesting but you know
mellow gold is is evil dead one and
everything else is equal to two I like
Pink Floyd but it's possible I'm just ma
otha moon fan sure sure
Beck is boring mario Mara you are a liar
I'm elusive baby why don't you kill me
listen to midnight vultures I didn't do
he has a he has like a love ballad about
a menage a trois it's great how does
that go where's like it's it's about
having a ménage à trois with a girl
and her sister and it's great do I like
clean queens great Queen I have nothing
against Queen yeah queens great back is
great and I I mean I I mean I think
everybody i think everybody loves back
but i think that beck is so good all the
time that nobody is surprised at how
good he is anymore you know they just
say new back album of course it's gonna
be brilliant cuz it will be I did not
yes of course I have notoriously bad
taste in music I am I have notoriously
bad taste and everything activex just
not bad taste in music beck is not crazy
you're crazy people right they're crazy
people
like likes detection who likes the back
like I'm I and you know what I don't
even know why I said who because it's
just like Oh everybody killed like spec
everybody likes back
Sharon likes Radiohead REM you know what
I never got into Radiohead like I don't
mind them but you know there are some
people who like are into Radiohead and
they're just die hard into Radiohead my
guys like it's fine the music is fine
what is this here there's like a
there's these couple of symbols that
means something rich okay oh those are
beds I can't I can't speak on beck's
entire discography but I know I love a
loser a lot but everyone everyone did
back when that was big song oh sure sure
no but you know I like I've been
listening to ode away and you know like
Beck kind of you know loser was the big
single you know it was like kind of
rappy you know like in a little
eccentric and then he follows it up with
odelay which is just a little bit of
everything and it's it's amazingly
eclectic some some of the chaps said
that Beck is the iron man 3 of music and
you do realize that pretty much ever
worked at rlm liked iron man 3 not
pretty I think everyone that RL my file
are
I I went above and beyond calling it a
perfect action but no we are all in
agreement that iron man 3 is a good
movie yep so yeah if you want to call
him back the Iron Man 3 of music I think
that's fine that's appropriate somebody
said he's a scientologist he pay me
whether or not he's a scientologist that
there's nothing to do with how much you
enjoy his music though yeah and you know
what he don't hurt no one he's not he's
not kidnapping people that I know of
he's not he's not Tom Cruise in it here
is the only music question that matters
jam yeah what is the best Weird Al's on
the best weird al song yep
what is his best parody will see that
you what you have here is two different
questions right okay because
he has really great original songs like
dare not stupid I don't know that I
called dare to be stupid really great
every stupidest is great and and like
what's the Alba Albuquerque do you
remember Albuquerque I don't Albuquerque
is this phenomenal like 12 minute long
story song i forget i forget what album
it's on right but Albuquerque is is just
this like 12 minute long song about like
why he's going to Albuquerque or
something like that it's amazing it's
umm hey who's thing okay oh maybe I
haven't I don't think I've heard that
one you need to listen you need to
listen to Albuquerque I've always loved
how much paradise sure I was very nice
is good though the video for fat is so
fucking good do you know why the video
for fat and they still did the same
exact location right because michael
jackson was such a big fan of weird al
that he let he just lent him the
locations for fat and eat it he might
have loaned him john landis for all we
know wow yeah take my directly to be
fine albuquerque was on running with
scissors Oh find yourself albuquerque
and listen to albuquerque it's insanity
it's great
what do you need and you need records
I'm trying to just trying to think of
the parody I've enjoyed the most from
him I know a lot of people liked white
nerdy
but I I have to give it to Amish
paradise yeah yes smells like Nirvana is
a damn fine parody song that is true I
have to stop playing the game for a
second because I'm just trying to
remember every single we're weird house
on right now
you know light like a surgeon here
here's what I'm gonna say word games
word crimes like I mean first of all
word crimes is phenomenal yep i'm gonna
say fat though yep fat fat is great big
fat and fat and the video there's a
great fat jokes so someone there's some
great fat jokes and the video is such
perfect parody that that fat gets it for
me all right now I'm back to that wall
that i had sharable title is what's
parody of but the spider-man 1 which
which is the parody of piano man uh oh I
don't know if ever heard that one oh the
Jurassic Park song oh that's right
there's too many good ones there's too
many of our good ones I salt Weird Al
live once and maybe even in the 15 years
ago now they still wasn't a young man
and the amount of costume changes that
man did I mean he put on the full fat
suit for fat and that wasn't even early
on in his show I mean the man must have
been fucking exhausted eating Gators
yeah every every fucking song was a
costume change oh yeah oh you guys
already by the way everyone keeps
mentioning trapped trapped in the
drive-thru yeah yeah oh man present
drivers great
trapped in the drive-thru is another
great epic and it is a good parody the
spider-man one is owed to a superhero
okay Thank You Numan artists number at
us whatever it is I can't pronounce
names weird weird internet names i can't
pronounce
are you sniffing around for a doggie
what is sniffing around fun
spy oh you know what's pi r that's right
he does he did the the the Sun force my
heart cuz when you spy you can't do spy
hard your green rings turn black
alien Frings green rings
shoot the alien get a thing and that
equals money and I need money I have
zero ideas great
