Episode 236
Lakeview Cabin Fever (Part 3)
October 16, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Liu6pP8LSgQ
___________________________________________

jay-j Bowman come in come in I saw a
little bit of what you're playing it
looks amazing is that why you rushed
over here it is rather amazing yeah it's
exactly the game remember playing the
Friday the 13th game yeah it's exactly
no no don't break it I'm not trying to
break it dad to hit him with no I think
you just need to get it in his path give
him the teddy bear and then get
everything else set up for the other
killer it's a very pretty game would you
would you like to play I'm not averse to
just want to watch you play would you
like a chair in a microphone okay a
chair and a microt by the way to start
the motorboat you have to hit X like
multiple times it'll just like a false
don't know why let's see if the info
glare is still bad maybe I can deal with
it you want sunlight on you're a lot
less dense
okay I hope that's not too far out
you said about where it landed where you
landed do you remember you wanted the
boat yeah then we're gonna set the boat
on fire like a like a Viking funeral I
don't think that one how do you know I
think you run into him with the boat oh
maybe maybe I'm not around yet so we're
fine wonder what I can do with the
scythe beep beep alright that's setup we
got a teddy bear I don't know if I have
to hit him with the teddy bear yeah and
I'm not sure
Oh where's my flare gun that I grabbed
us did you grab the flare gun I freed it
I don't okay
I didn't realize you're gonna be doing
spooky games at the start of October now
that you're just gonna do like a
designated Halloween Street that's great
it's October J I I'm fine with that it's
my thang khuu it's in the Halloween
spirit it is the today's now of
spooktacular
we just we felt like planning integrity
acted I wasn't even really familiar wow
it looks great
so where's where's that fuel canister
okay I'm missing or is that no oh that's
in the one building that's in this
billing all right what is the name of
this game okay he's got the shotgun
she's got the door he's by the teddy
bear
so you can switch out between carrots
yeah yeah just instantly although this
slasher built on victims yep yeah you've
got a lot of victims so far have had
much success the chat has been helping
us crack the code says it like you have
to do a series of things in a certain
order - yes number of different things
you can do Oh is there like a backstory
to the slasher not that it probably is
there's not one that I'm familiar with
cuz that's the only way to know a good
slasher movie from a bad slasher movie
is the the background of the slashers if
they're all the same thing he appears to
be like like baby kind of childish
themed okay all right we're gonna we're
gonna start this bitch up
this is the cabin that supposedly
triggers him right yeah all right didn't
do it
you mean you there's like an eye that
comes on the cabin right no I don't know
everything jack I know I know many
things but I don't know them all right
what are we missing
why isn't this starting yeah oh wait hit
the other if the X closer to the wall
and that turns the power off yeah yeah
I'll turn it back on wait I thought we
want it off well you want it on
eventually right Oh ring the oh you can
also ring the bell to summon the killer
all right all right
missile we power on them yeah oh yeah
you need the power
exactly who wants what dick neutral
James did would like to know if he can
get a quote from you for the next
installment of the game absolutely James
ed are you in the chat no the guy who
make this game Z in the chat he didn't
make the game he did the trailer for the
game I went by the Bell I went by the
Bell you went past well well past it all
because it's dark and I didn't see the
Bell I love the lighting when it's
nighttime this is so great so I don't
know if I'm hitting him with the barrel
or what am i doing with the burp I think
he just has to pick up the bear James it
is in the chat oh hi James
welcome to the jet where his scythe on
he's got the same does he have this
Authority does that mean he can't oh he
has to not have the bear tip you if you
let him pick it up if he doesn't already
have a weapon he will carry it and not
hurt
well now we know laughs and that's like
a third of the bat oh shit oh wait he
has the bear he has the bear now he
can't hurt you oh no oh cuz he has the
bear we've discovered earlier if your
characters really hurt and the killer
gets very close to you you pee in your
pants no we lost what's-her-face oh my
god oh yeah face how do you know when
you lose someone she's right there oh oh
there's the flare gun - where was it
it's it's empty no it's not empty
I fucked up already it I thought it was
empty it's black it's normally red I
thought black men it was empty
that's fine it's fine we're all gonna be
fine everything's fine it's gonna be
fine now cuz he has to bear you have to
get her into the wood chipper that's an
insta-kill well I gotta wait for this
fire to die was it him you can't do it
it cries then that's that yeah Oh what
just happened oh my god what was that
what happened I hear everything just
exploded what happened I don't know
buddy kill them I guess I don't know
what happened all the information for
nothing for nothing
buttermilk biscuits I have nothing to
face the wood chipper being an
insta-kill on but it's a wood chisel
wood chipper oh shit I'm dead were dead
we're dead fuck it we're dead fuck it
what did that he did do it again your
dog alright is that a reference to the
Friday the 13th game why isn't that the
end title like you and all your friends
are dead I want to say that thumbs up at
the when you die I think so yeah game
and you do have a little dog in here
he's right there
oh I need to figure out what that is
that white thing I have no idea what
yeah that's curating me because it's
probably something we can do with that
oh of course that is a knife apparently
we thought it was a sock it looks like a
sari looks like a tube sock it's a knife
yeah and that's why they will trim into
the wood chipper but I got to be on the
other side rum is if it comes from this
I need to be on the other side to
activate the wood chipper yes
so here's here's the here's what you do
if like if the chat says that the wood
chipper is not an insta-kill which I
would assume it is an insta-kill
you have to time that with your zipline
so use your zipline oh my god in that
and then you'll zipline right over that
and get on that I don't want the wood
chipper running early because it'll run
out of gas what's happened before is
that the power was like a power I think
that's the power turn on and let it run
yeah he has a good long trip
I've seen him trip on did you just move
in my room oh I've never seen him do
that before
you know the the rake has been nothing
but trouble but I feel like it's worth
the trouble if it is indeed an
insta-kill which I can only assume it is
all right we're gonna go for that dead
teddy bear teddy bear Jay did you see
this part what part also be magical if
you don't know what happens I don't know
no it's just the goodness it has the
purpose that's great the very first
thing we did in the game was get all
four of them oh they do that everybody
goes yes everybody
don't tell don't tell Jack he's wrong
about the insta-kill wood chipper well
it's a wood chipper what do you want
Jack what do you want what what do you
what do you want out of me how are you
out of everybody hey it's not an
insta-kill what can we do what is that I
don't know find new things I wouldn't be
doing random things oh yeah what Oh get
the shotgun
Michelle with the hammer hit start
research started oh wait there's all
sorts of stuff yeah yeah
are there other levels are these like
other things you've picked up in the
game oh there might be yeah I did find a
piece of paper once leave check oh yeah
we could probably go to like chapter 4
all right all right I don't know if we
have to like finish this first do we
want to try this one more time oh yeah
we listen we have all the things now so
we should we should try to finish this I
believe there is there's also like view
cabin for you know but we're in the flow
here sure can you not play one or two
you can ah we haven't found how to play
one or two now okay it's quite possibly
do we know if there exists if they exist
in ours just like a thing nice just the
sequel's I would assume it's only effect
cuz that that's funny yeah alright
see she looks like she has a dog or two
I don't think that the brown haired lady
has a dog we there was speculation on
whether or not there was a fuck yeah oh
there's speculation on mother now there
was a sleepaway camp reference oh okay
see spoilers for sleepaway camp she wait
look they're just scissoring it kind of
looks like she has a daughter but that
could just be a leg shit is just pixels
no no no there's some differences yeah
that's a sleepaway camp reference if so
that's great
sleepaway camp hey you do the same thing
yeah that movies so fucking weird I've
only seen sleepaway camp - oh it's
nothing like the firt the first one is
like so much of it just feels like the
most generic slasher ever but it has all
these weird little details and weird
moments and then of course everybody
knows the ending yeah but uh yeah just
lots of weird touch isn't it mm the
second and third or more just like
horror comedies starring Bruce
Springsteen sister like the killer in
those movies yeah and then a third one
yeah all right all right now I need to
only hit that box once yep and then you
need to go get now you need to go and
raise up the thing and get the ax to get
the flare gun
okay you should track down for some time
this month one of the Evil Dead games oh
I don't know how many there are
oh that's that's that's a plan that's
definitely a plan I've got one oh yeah
yeah you have boomstick right um I am
the one with Ted Raimi as the side is a
midget sidekick is the undead midget
sidekick how many Evil Dead games are
there a bunch hail to the king
Fistful of boomstick and regeneration
that's the one I have regeneration they
all take place after army of Darkness I
think I don't know that they're related
continuity wise even okay well they
don't care about continuity for a movie
to me I would take care of it yeah I
like regeneration
I like along with Ted Raimi is a good
comic interaction between them
we could play 1:1 I mean we can grab a
fistful of boomstick I think I actually
you know I might even have Fistful of
lipstick - I might a bowl
I don't remember what what I've rented
what I've actually played these things
have all become blurred in my life and
one of these days to make our
spooktacular spook of lloween scooch
over
complete I do want want to do another
board game man where we play that house
on Haunted Hill game oh it's a really
fun horror like based on the movie not
based on movies it's basically just like
a haunted house game and it's a really
neat board game yeah our weed ditching
the scythe and the like so he can't get
the scythe is there anything we can do
with the scythe we haven't had any luck
with the male life no no yeah ditch the
scythe okay do it
we had complicated feelings about soma I
wish someone were a game I absolutely
fucking love the story fucking fucking
love it but it's way too linear to be
immersive and there's way too little
going on for it to be a fun game it's
like the horror I get the horror game
formula now it's watered-down stealth
it's like bare minimum still really
interesting it's a great storytelling
I want the novelization yes I want a
novel or a movie a book the Selma book I
would really enjoy its quality science
fiction with the high ideas and it plays
with them don't stitch all the melee you
can use it when he's holding the bear
okay that makes sense oh we got a we
forgot to poop well you did where that's
why I had an X to poop because the the
bathroom that you can poop in is board
it off
duh of course of course that J yeah with
it now we poop people now why do you
have to poop because poop you get the
bear it makes the bear fall out
it's so loud that that bowel movement
that it knocks the bear off the shelf so
we just put this down where he can find
it yeah
my guess is near the knee of the place
with the generator because that's where
he is
I think that's where he doesn't we think
some bones I'm I don't know if that's
where he is crackhead control says about
some oh so you guys are saying it's a
better to watch the game then play it
yes happy cog such an idea would never
catch on just watching people playing
have a fun time go to youtube and just
watch the like the some kind of movie
eyes video um the interactions and the
story that's he doesn't spawn there
anymore I wonder why he stopped doing
heavy I stopped coming up at first like
a creepy I would be painted on there
with red yeah it was very creepy
it's very spooky alright I guess we just
bring the belt okay oh wait where's the
shotgun when I drop the shotgun Jack
Jack what I put the shotgun did you get
the shotgun yet nope oh my God look not
that door not that there that's the
focus that's the other you're thinking
to the other oh oh you just didn't get
the shotgun in there's a door that's a
trick door and you fall down and break
your leg you don't break your leg as so
much as it falls off alright ringing the
bell ringing the bell I'm armed
oh I've done everything except the boat
the ex is still over by the boat you're
both plane is is too much I don't think
you're both mind I love the boat plan
fuck you I love the boat plan
as everybody else had yeah except for
the guy holding he found people that
were hidden last time I just I love the
look of this it's so cool okay
he's got the teddy bear he can't hurt us
okay so what's the plan
accent accent I'm not gonna waste that
shotgun bullet that's that's for me man
sure so the twist is there's two killers
yes which was a legitimate shock yes oh
yeah or a hammer Birds the rape actually
where's the wood chipper free up the
bone cuz that's oh he oh he picked up
the shotgun he picked up the shotgun oh
yeah he picked up the shotgun that's a
real thing they drop the sandwich ever I
need to hide I need to hide immediately
yes he has a shotgun he glitched out a
little bit the shotgun kind of looks
like his penis right now oh fuck keep
her cool
keep her cool oh we're dead somebody's
dead the blonde lady is dead oh oh he
has your dog your dog is on his head now
but he dropped the shotgun where didn't
put the shotgun no but he already
tripped over the thing Exim I don't know
I'm starting to think this dancing
doesn't work you got a key do it you
guys run into him though is that what is
that on the ground a dead person there's
like a oh shit oh shit he pops up for
like the Jason look oh no you fucked up
and he's got the foot what the fuck was
that oh the music was reminding him of
his childhood or something oh he gets
distracted and you can probably hit him
when he's distracted oh that's smart
where'd he go
did you go in there lady
shit oh you still got him what the fuck
is happening
play good play again you got it you got
it
I got matches I got matches Clara why is
he did he die
did you know he's gonna pop out of one
of these doors in no one oh but I wanted
you oh no she's dead
can't you change Tara never yep lost the
leg but she's alive
oh you got one fucking aw be okay oh my
god you can hide behind that tree right
buddy next to the house oh I lost the
flare gun did he drop it or gone no
that's great
just cuz you know but we lost the rake
yeah we lost the rake already that's a
keep that's not gonna help you the
shotguns and DS you know you could try
the ex again he only has a dog you can
only attack you with a dog right try the
ax just cuz there's no other better idea
oh he's on fire oh and you're dead the
only people you have left
they're both missing legs this is not
gone well this is not gonna be a success
like I you only have one leg but you're
walking as if you have to yeah does he
throw them or does he just drop them
if you hit X he throws one all right I
heard a musical sting I don't know that
means oh oh no oh he's missing a link -
yeah great and his guts are falling out
yeah but that's great and I do believe
it takes a while for it to blow up or if
you're using the match not a while but
you know like it's not instant oh shit
oh my god you have no face fucking I'm
gonna die naked naked man in here do it
we're fucked
we're fucked look even if we beat this
guy there's no way we're getting the
other killer no that teddy bear fucked
the teddy bear you think I mean it seems
like the smart plan
yeah he's dumbing much good well there's
been a series of you know one of those
cans that's beer oh I'll go oh I saw you
doing that earlier where you're drinking
in the screen started - that was nice
yeah
I don't get how this game is fun you
know this is probably one of the only
one of those like fun when playing in a
group kind of situations I am having a
lot of fun trying to figure this out
with rich yeah and we're already doing
this this run yeah this is this is a
doomed run so he's gonna try to hammer
him
oh I might read the zip line but there's
no way we're beating the other dude
there's no way that's gonna happen
that's true that's true I really want
that zip line to work we have not yet
gotten the zip line BAM you're fucked
I think you hit him
yeah it just stunned him yeah Scooby do
it coming in yeah well you can zipline
out of there yeah but it's a kill you
zip line and hit the weathervane and it
lands
oh I see it would not work Frank oh yeah
that would be tricky to get the timing
on yes and we're out of weapons we're
just done okay okay
try teddy bear under the falling crate
trap oh that's not a bad idea does he
stop mean he is it doesn't I don't think
he stops to pick up the teddy bear I
think he just picks it up
who's that oh the other mango that's
like a new bad guy what the hell is as
ugly good yeah we get killed by a zombie
just random zombie out of nowhere you
turn into a zombie
maybe no you haven't you've been playing
now you've got the flow no I'm terrible
what happens if you leave leave where
the gumption leave the game leave
chapter I'm going to leave the game I
love the game that means we're gonna go
back to the movie theater maybe there
was something that we missed in there
maybe that was love there's a movie
theater do ya this is how the game
starts okay there's gonna be something
it happens in that movie theater too
after you beat three and four in there
I'm sure yeah or maybe that's it make
for you haven't I stopped why is Lee you
can't stop working it got too spooky
open broadcaster it's not working oh my
god no how are we still streaming
question for the jet
are we still streaming ah quick question
Chad do you believe that we are still
streaming
oh yeah we're still funny hey look that
yes it's very funny when you say no oh I
get it cuz it's the opposite because
it's like how else would they hear me if
we weren't you know if we weren't
streaming they wouldn't hear me ask the
question yeah yeah but the game starts
the VHS tape that's great - this is
awesome
and then you're just out this alley and
you can switch between these people who
there's like a glitch wow this is
wonderful
although it's very unbelievable that all
those sequels will be playing than the
theater at the same time perhaps they're
having a marathon we would have them all
on the same screen when I feel the other
you wouldn't have part three and four
playing two different theaters coming
soon so I guess probably are they going
to update those I wonder or those
unlockable after you beat should we go
into four and see what's up yeah we're
gonna do that okay that sounds like oh
go Texas Chainsaw Massacre count of the
changing names if they change baby's
left of the survivors so the the other
one was Friday the 13th this one's gonna
be more Texas Chainsaw Massacre
perhaps the film game yeah oh that's
great hey oh right away right away
you just get in to get in the van and
drive away is that an option get
everyone in the van and drive away
except for one fucker leaver he's
driving
they should have some time Texas
Chainsaw Massacre one of the characters
should be an annoying guy in a
wheelchair least likable character from
any horror movie ever
oh alright one of their bullets Oh on
the counter you know what I'm gonna say
yes get someone to have sex with that
lady buddy's all ladies I wonder if we
leave she's in the van now cuz she
getting rendered grab a shotgun and
leave okay alright then I'll leave maybe
they're out of gas
I know I'd leave once I saw the
screaming lady the first thing that you
obviously need to do is have sex on a
counter is there a way to take off your
clothes
oh here we go no Molly popsicle okay was
that gasp gasp go put that in the truck
in the van yep and get the fuck out of
there this is like the secret ending
Ricky's just put gas in there and leave
no okay sounds empty I don't know if
sound designers yep are they leaving
without you
hello puny more gasps oh maybe this one
you just need to like keep filling it up
with gas oh I I have noticed a distinct
lack of having sex on a counter I'm just
well this is Texas Chainsaw Massacre
though that sex wasn't a part of those
movies nope I'm right of the 13 yeah but
somebody's sitting at counter oh did
somebody sit on a counter
I think someone probably did Oh up
there's the house that's where leather
faces or whatever this times equivalent
is there's the slaughterhouse this is
wonderful
and it's making me want to watch Texas
Chainsaw Massacre J do you want slain no
I I want to watch I just want to watch
you play because I've had my fill for
now oh yeah I'd rather just keep
watching this house I'd be too
distracted and frustrated if I was
actually playing it as J watch Shawshank
yet I haven't I can't now it's October
nothing but horror no it's really spooky
I'll watch you know what I'll do this
month I'll watch another Frank Darabont
movie I'll watch the mist and that's
appropriate but after after October then
I'll watch Shawshank I promise or if I
need a break from horror oh did you grab
a chicken looks like a sack of pus hey
lady so I'm you know exit I'm gonna say
you do have to get the gas cans in the
car this one yes
that is also what mark
this is more like Chainsaw Massacre to
wish Lanka I love Texas apes up as a
good - oh it's too dark still dying be a
different person yeah I think I need to
get the van over here okay yeah well
this is the only I need to go in the
house and not fall on a trapdoor
chickens so that's okay
so someone needs to follow me Oh get out
of there gooo
it's the gameplay for this one is
different
yeah it's a little more puzzling figure
out how to my god
I love her look at her mouth her models
a game ah
you killed the victim or is that a bad
guy I don't got a key
I love this shocked expression it's
great I'm gonna get a girl till t it got
all tippy you're disoriented because
your fucking life man you stay out there
and bleed for a little bit I think
that's the recoupment of Leatherface
with the weird thing on the face okay
eat it grab it grab that use it use it
yeah come on
again again more hacking oh my god they
blow up watch there must've been a cask
oh there was I dropped the gas campaign
by the way oh I get it
Chad just said something what their
featherface
that's like a child okay nothing eunuch
counter looking like that you clean
yourself up rich have you ever told your
Texas Chainsaw Massacre four story on
the stream oh I don't know if I have
it's not it's not a super amazing story
Texas Chainsaw Massacre the next
generation I went to see that in a
theater with wood Mike I can't believe
that played in a theater like I thought
that was supposed to be a
direct-to-video thing but I guess I
played in theaters and it's it's not a
terribly complicated story because it's
just
I was laughing hysterically and loudly
and I think I think people heard me in
the next theater over like at the end of
that movie elevator the RV with the old
couple and then the plane happened and I
just completely and utterly lost my shit
I think I lost because I lost that gas
can
Oh your band the band to say okay get
gas to the van
is the name of the game you start in the
gas station this time we're just weird I
don't understand how this is a sequel to
Lakeview Kevin they have nothing in
common okay one thing I know where the
other thing of gas is yeah you can peek
through doors first
so rather than falling into the door and
getting mauled
don't be by the door yeah you can see if
someone's there
what the hell prayer trap oh there's a
bear trap on the ground pick it up wow
that fucked you up what would you say
about B what did we just say Jay that's
great terrible idea it was a great idea
whose best suggestion I ever had a bit
be naked make a lady or maybe here we
will be or would it be Oh baby that's
what he's done okay but I don't see how
that's gonna help me cuz they're there
no matter what oh wait
but are they trap they're too kind just
like they look like victims yeah cuz
they're naked oh they're just running
into you Jesus well maybe you should
have a weapon ready and just murder
that's what I was trying to get this oh
my god okay
alright this lady she's the drummer
she's got it covered she's gonna she's
gonna take care of business yeah we're
gonna murder something I think we have
to murder everybody okay okay Jesus
Christ yeah okay great
murdered Oh God photopigment oh my god
he lost Jesus
or uh you're fucked
I love the switching this is this is the
bass player now you can tell she's the
plainest shut that alarm off oh I killed
you
oh this fucking cunt game it's so
different than the then leg view cabin
three
there's not even a cabin in this
I can't open it cuz I don't have the key
and I can't get the key cuz all the
other way stop turning the alarm on well
I thought maybe if I turn it on I could
get a pregnancy test one of the band
members is pregnant that's deep
clue that's a clue on the man that says
clue I'm starting okay maybe there's a
lake this is a lake and we just haven't
seen anyone follow her Oh what happens
oh oh we need this now sending your leg
oh no this is where we were yep
continuity error what we followed the
screaming lady to a oh my god we
followed the screaming lady it passed
the van I fell into a pit and now I'm
back in the house oh but I fell into a
pit way over there which is it like a
series of underground tunnels I felt
right into the pit now and this is right
under the house oh this is done yeah
maybe the tube slides to the same spot
oh no wait
there was a popsicle yeah that's a good
job good job
hungry rich hey pops who bites into a
popsicle that's bitch nobody bites into
a pop today she looks more of like a
like a like a manager Lee she doesn't
actually play any instruments so I think
we need to fill it up of gas in order to
you know break through the fence right
break through what kind of man are they
country is its country she's a singer
she's totally a country singer
old-school country singer oh sure that's
my that's my oh you're fucked get out of
there get out of there yeah it's just
the death room that's that's just yeah
instant death up to the drummer again
Johnny's found a key maybe knock all
those posts down posts I don't know
something red like on the front of the
house there stretches seems silly but
posts what post
I don't know no mercy posts from Night
Court peeking does nothing like
everyone's like make sure you peek look
shit although endure the saw blades - if
peek when you're in that maze yeah so
you don't fall into the death room does
Jane know about showing a shower with
your dad's simulator oh I remember
hearing about it
okay I'm gonna go back to the maze and
peek in the maze I'm with you peeking
stops you from what you said okay you're
right that is the one case in which
Peking will do me good
okay
but that thing might spill on you yeah I
don't think that's helping probably okay
no good oh yeah won't go to somebody
else but you can find a key this is oh
well your fuck then I don't want to
waste what else can you do Oh God are we
are we about done with this I think
we're about what is the plan I have
literally no plan and my brain is fried
this is amazing
I don't know if I can get it to run I've
been having trouble getting it to run I
can try and get manhunt to run if I want
to give me like 10 minutes yeah yeah
finisher all right let's bring a pause
the stream pausing the stream
cuz I bought it I download it I thought
I patched it to run correctly but it
keeps crashing during the first level I
get a pause the streamer stop Street
uh-oh I'm hovering over the wrong thing
thank you
we're gonna pause the stream starting
