Episode 395
Manhunt, no pun, just Manhunt
October 17, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-nrTu6WLic
___________________________________________

um like a Sun magazine I see in the chat
so I was wondering if we are going to do
nothing but spooky games for the month
of spook Tober and the answer is we're
gonna try we'll see we'll see we I mean
you know the the definition of what a
spooky game is might get stretched a
little bit did you hear they're making a
five nights at Freddy's movie great do
you think that would work as a movie I
know you didn't like the game work
better as a movie probably would work
better isn't okay I think that was my
problem the game is there wasn't much
game to it yeah but apparently if you're
really into the game there is a deep
lore oh really yes well the movies being
directed by the guy that did the
poltergeist remake so that's nothing to
look forward to and you know buddy I'd
just I could care so little I I think
that could be an interesting horror
movie though with these creepy
animatronic monsters sure no that's good
that's a good dick somebody wonder one
down I won't be holding my breath okay
for the five nights at Freddy's movie
but you know it could be a good stick
alright people are people saying video
this is game actually broadcasting
people are saying no video nope nope no
sigh just sound no video Oh color bars
only all right I'll tab motherfucker
yeah oh that's why I cuz my fault no
it's just it's my fault rich is a big
dumb dummy and but I'm still not saying
anything yeah it's when do you have to
turn the game oh that make sense shit so
about know how you should be seeing
video alright we missed the opening
cutscene but basically you are death row
inmate you're executed only instead of
being dead you wake up in this dingy
rundown ugly room oh that's right you
said this is sort of John Carpenter s it
feels that way to me okay like look at
the film film great effect yeah let's
need yes okay James I'm sorry that we
didn't pick up on the clues of Lakeview
cabin I know you're invested in the game
we liked it we we all enjoyed it
whooping apparently we missed Clues
we're distracted while we do this we're
talking we're trying to have fun yeah
one of the downsides of playing
something whilst streaming we all
enjoyed it very much though James so I
guess what we're saying is settle down
and I still like you even though you
yelled at me
no manhunts to is the band game yeah
manhunt is not banned oh I should update
this dream simple too hot for TV manhunt
- yes update I don't think I can settle
down well I'm sorry James I'm gonna ask
you to sell them all right I love this
thing on the wall like this guy here
completely oblivious no it's dumb fuck
haha
listen you know what that's a nice
tutorial right there so the guy in your
pieces that go on so you hold down the
attack button and longer you hold it
like that turns from white to yellow and
the longer you hold it the more violent
that wasn't terrible
well let's this the plastic bags not a
very exciting I guess okay okay if you
play this too while you're wearing a
headset and you sneeze it'll pick up on
the mic and will give away your position
in the game wow that's deep that's deep
all right
the quality of that video gave me cancer
here it's an old game this yeah or I
think like that the replay yeah
oh that's neat looking it has an
aesthetic to it it has the VHS aesthetic
and it's an old game I get you can turn
the film grain off I'll just kind of
like it oh sure danceny leave it sorry
leave it
sync up of the heartbeat is that your
heartbeat or their RP ours okay let's
try yellow this time
let's see many things worthwhile and
read is way more violent than the first
one you got to be careful running you
see the red that that makes noise okay
oh it's all very tutorial II the first
bit here the first level usually is J
yes camac scene has a question for you
would you ever do a review of an old
classic movie on hit the hit beg
unhittable um we have I mean not super
old but like we did the original Robocop
before the remake came out oh is sure so
don't depend on the situation there
examples were something along the lines
of Citizen Kane or three or window oh I
love rear window um I don't know
probably probably not just cuz that's
not really what happened the back is
about sure if it's something that's
appropriate we might talk about it like
we did with the Robocop sure which I
mean the original Robocop is far better
than Citizen Kane or window I don't
think anyone's gonna just be bad so so
they're you know I'm not gonna say wrong
and Mister glitch is correct you also
did zapped we did sad yeah yeah that
classic what else do you want is that no
one comes and Roca
a lot of variation in the grunts hey II
kill him
speaking of classics I watch the Ducks
The Exorcist today oh yeah and I made a
little comment on Twitter about how it's
the best horror movie that will ever be
made and there are a couple people that
responded saying they thought it was
dated and corny it's like that movie
says yeah that movie is so amazing and
feels so real like that's what makes it
so great like I don't I don't see how
anything that movie feels dated or corny
people don't understand good anymore
is that what it is I remember because I
did the version you've never seen came
out in theaters whenever that was 15
years ago now but I went to that I
remember there was like younger people
in the theater that were laughing every
time she swore the little girl swore
like you kids
well damn kids get off my lawn with that
would that count as a dated thing
because you know back in the day
somebody's you know little kids were
wait it would be a big deal I guess it
doesn't come across as comical in the
movie though unless you're like a dumb
kid well then you're a dumb kid seen the
Exorcist I'm Tom would you just ship
that guy already yeah I waited too long
and he saw they gotcha
I think anyone that says The Exorcist is
dated you don't deserve that movie that
movies too good for you fuck off that's
great I love that movie can't hide the
body so
you can't ya can Kenan oh yeah okay
alright I'll try to not fuck up anymore
that's terrible
they're accustomed to the paranormal
activity / pg-13 style for now again
yeah that's not a horror though that's
jumpscares
that's your your your startled because
it's quiet and then something loud
happens that's not real horror start you
startled ooh well I'm trying to think of
a genre like I'm trying to give it its
own genre that's not Horrors No yeah
startled core it's that just what people
think horrors now though I don't know I
mean that that stuff like I mean it get
it it's effective and what it's doing
and that it gets you to jump but it has
no lasting impression well what's a good
modern day are like you said it followed
was good it follows is great yeah cuz
that's one that's more about actual
horror it's actual terror sure it has
atmosphere intention and is like the
best thing about the Exorcist is there's
no quote-unquote scary music like
there's nothing to manipulate you as far
as you're supposed to be scared now it
just presents it the horror in this very
real way and that's what makes it work
there's nothing scarier than silence
like let the images speak for themselves
I saw oh a good recent movie I saw like
that is called Lake Mungo Lake Mungo
yeah it's sort of like a mockumentary
but just really great atmosphere and
just lets the images speak for
themselves in like multiple times
throughout that movie like my I got
goosebumps like it really creeped me out
mmm nice tubular bells dick neutral says
yeah that's the means of disuse not the
Exorcist oh I thought that was a movie
he said to develop no no I'm scary and I
was like some of the kids say now what
this ha ha ha tubular bells
oh man the Exorcist totally tubular
bells man the tubular bells yeah but
that music doesn't play at any point
in the movie that's supposed to be a
scary scene that's what's interesting
about it
yeah I think I mentioned that in our
discussion of Everest to like I'd be
curious of like that movie has a lot of
manipulative music in it okay if there
was no music what did I say hey do you
talking would you think would you think
of Everest I didn't I don't want it so
that's good yeah yeah surprisingly good
I have no interest in singing it but
it's it's a quality movie I do like that
Jake Gyllenhaal he's great he's nice
good act yeah have you seen Nightcrawler
no I think it's on Netflix you know is
it you know it's good it's I want to oh
fuck Shirley rich well why would the
thing appear over his head if I couldn't
target him that was stupid
listen that was your fuckup and you have
to deal with that yeah yeah Jay I think
Jay was with us when we played hotline
Miami uh oh yeah the eighties baby sing
the top down yeah yeah well we are we
played hotline Miami - right which you
know is visually very similar but yeah I
was here for that yes torture biscuit
yeah I know about that Jay there there's
- sounds scarier than silence the dun
dun sounds in 1980s the thing the
dum-dums I'm assuming they're talking
about the score it's a very simple score
I know about the demo I don't know what
the dum-dums are dun dun dun that's how
the thing ends never never monster jumps
up in the thing it goes dun dun dun oh
yeah oh you mean just the bass sound in
the thing yeah yeah don't know not dun
dun don't doom
it's dune dune
do you any doo-doo john carpenter rose
music yes he's a musician he's oh man
I'm so disappointed he's performing live
now yeah for the first time ever like
performing his music live but he's doing
in Iceland so basically your son killing
us where you're going to Iceland oh man
I'm assuming if he's performing live
he'll continue to do it he's exclusively
performing Iceland well that's that's
the first time he's doing it is like a
tour of Iceland or something but I don't
know if he'll continue after that I hope
so like I would love to see him perform
live there's the thing back in the day
on that Funny or Die where they wanted
him to present a series uh oh how many
horror shorts I remember that there
wasn't there only like one or did he do
a serious look there was there's a few
of them okay but he and he insisted and
this was at his insistence the people of
Funny or Die were just like oh we just
want you you know like you don't have to
do anything with the videos but we
wanted to do the intro and so he's like
I'll do the intro but I'm going to be
messing around on the piano okay while I
do it in like handy like keyboards and
harpsichords and like this different
thing he's like I just want to play
while I do the intros if that's cool
they're like you you can do whatever you
want you got a carpenter does do
whatever you want yeah at this point
that's only does yeah hain't got no
fucks to yeah exactly he doesn't care
oh no and anyone who does siding with
him is like yeah won't play a harp score
dude dude dog you made his movies he
doesn't feel like making movies anymore
and he just wants to play music Iceland
has a bafflingly large music scene for a
country with only 300,000 people there's
Captain nitpick well okay I know that
doesn't help me I can't go see him
what's a ticket I said I don't think I
can justify going to Iceland to see John
Carpenter perform you know think if he
does it in the States though we'll see
what's what's what's close enough let's
see what's the furthest you'll go oh
like Chicago obviously Chicago yeah I
would go to Chicago but like let's say
let's go a little bit further let's say
is playing Ohio
why would the fuck would anybody play
that's just be within theory
um maybe Ohio I would probably go to
Ohio all right how about a New York your
that's it easy well New York Times like
I like New York anyway like I would go
there just to visit New York so so you
do there yeah I would go New York okay
now he's doing a one-night show in LA ha
ha ha that way too far that's it that's
a long ride um I would probably go to LA
okay so anywhere in the States
Hawaii he's I would not go too hard a
beer bids I keep seeing the sausage
posters in your name oh babe it's yeah
I'm latest years and now I suck that's
kind of disappointing
according to shit the super you can fly
to Iceland is super cheap out of Denver
okay it's a no I'm not going to but I
guess it's good ice lence too far for
him that's fine
I like self killed two guys successfully
I suck yeah you you're at second yeah I
practice lizard at least I've gotten to
see John Carpenter in person alright so
even if even if I never had to see him
perform his music okay before before he
passes away have at least got to see him
I saw him when we were a fan Expo in
Toronto okay this is lotta already
contains it previously saved doing it
right over and I know these T's trying
to pump you up yeah he knows you're
doing bad you just needs a little more
yeah yeah Ohio has a great Air Force
Museum so you go there go to the Air
Force Museum okay John Carpenter when he
performs in Ohio that's great it's
easy-peasy so anything else to see in
Ohio
no those air forces yet okay and this
sort of thing like I was thinking
today I was watching The Exorcist it was
like man I would love to go to the
stairs from The Exorcist sure if you
know something like that is there
anything in Ohio movie related that
would be cool to visit I think there's
there's one thing right they film Howard
the Duck in Ohio I know it took place in
Ohio I doubt they filmed it there
Cleveland Cleveland is he PZ urine yep
urinating brutal a lot of steps good all
right what yeah I'm the one inside the
fuck pod costume are you not right now
don't well don't let them know that I'm
wearing it right I usually yeah on the
weekends how sure helps me relax helps
me relax
turn around good
you can hardly see what's going on make
your screen in Bagan you should have
knew you should have new options now
twitch just unveiled their html5 player
so there's a little gear icon on the
lower right-hand corner of your player
check and what way can you barely see
what's going on what is the problem
I think it's question oh you know you
pulled up here I do a little lot yeah
just recon recon I see what's happening
here I'm really excited about the html5
player I mean smoother playback for
every one more video options higher
quality hopefully so you know check it
out check out that guy html5 done is
there any sort of non thinking about
John Carpenter in this game is there any
sort of like Snake Plissken game some
sort of escape from new york game does
that exist in any form whoa whoa this
happened
um game minimized for some reason so one
of the chat is there a Snake Plissken
game I just googled it for you oh you
did
the grain makes the video iron everyone
hates the fucking grain here Aaron there
that need video effect is gone now it
looks like crappy old you got it be at
it
hold on I have to watch an advertisement
uh what is this an advertisement for
teenagers driving it's a bad thing this
is an advertisement for teenagers
driving oh it's an advert really for
Pandora I mean this looks fine but I'm
watching it without the grain a little
dark but not the game it's a dark game
yeah do like this it's fine no sense of
style no I don't believe there is this
can escape from there's an escape from
New York board game I see that right
here is I heard about that recently an
old board game so we need to play that
if you can drag down a copy
listen eBay exists for very good I
wonder if that's worth anything under
that's has any sort of value to it or is
one of those cheap games and I listened
I played an old an old alien board game
oh really
were you there for that alien no a
friend for a board game my friend
brought over a vintage like early
eighties alien board game oh wow and it
was actually pretty fun yeah it was it
was very similar to like um trouble with
the pop o matic bubble okay but with
aliens and you had to like hi you know
one person was an alien and you had to
hide your guys and ventilation shafts
and get to the escape pod it was it's
kinda cool cool yeah really new Isle I'm
looking on ebay for the escape from new
york bargain just to see if it's worth
anything
oh it is worth of $45 ah that's not bad
I'll make a charge way more for it
there's only one on eBay
oh and well by the way $45 and shipping
from the UK Wow that looks awesome
that looks awesome that was a game I
want to play the one slash what's the
/world um snuff videos oh right that's
the whole thing that's a point of this
game yeah everything's being recorded
these you're making a snuff video is if
you're not you're just a pawn well these
men are pawns yeah the actors help make
the video rich you're unwilling are you
really an actor you have a choice you
can just die right you're making the
choice to do this Jack what it's not
much of a choices it is you can you know
you can choose how you die hongki's Dave
see this is very escape for me or if you
were Snake Plissken right now this would
be the best game ever
yeah that's why I say this kind of
reminds me of scape from yours yeah the
the look of it agree Deus yes yeah
according to the Internet's there was an
escape from New York video game being
planned and somewhere in development but
it just never materialized
not in this era in the era of manhunt
okay this is this this is it it just got
turned into this yeah what if you know
what this might be beta because yeah the
the tapes that they keep showing only
have one spinner in them ah so this is
this might not be VHS it could be beta
well beta stole it I mean has to go from
one real to another yeah but usually the
beta tapes only had the one window oh
that's true yeah the one real viewer
window
oh that's true how long has this dream
been running we started early today we
started like just a little after 6:30
yeah we're on full read full read you
know parents had a problem with this
game when it first came on I don't know
some VHS to show only one school yeah
just cool you know these are the UH hide
you shit what hide you shit
well this jacket just says fucker
there's you there's some cosplay ideas
guys go is the fucker ago eyes the
fucker thug man huh now I got a baseball
bat
all right didn't you already I will add
a little club okay
fucker I've been on a I've been on a
tights buying spree lately for Halloween
costumes this year and the sizing for
full-body spandex suits is very
difficult
oh yeah well we had some for space Cobb
oh that's right man those yeah it's very
very difficult I think I found one that
should fit me what is your costume gonna
be I'm going as bizarro okay
so gonna have to put on a lot a lot of
muscle mass there Jack listen I'm not
going for pinpoint accuracy sorry I am a
dickhead yeah where is it what I was
right nope I got a couple Halloween
costume ideas I don't know what I'm
gonna do yet okay I also just got in the
mail my Halloween three silver shamrock
t-shirt it's the greatest thing
congratulation wanna be wearing that
every day and I've been over it I'll
probably wear in the Halloween best of
the worst
oh sure seems appropriate
look no I want the crowbar get daddy I
don't care about this guy from drop him
and grab the crowbar right well Jack
where your muscle suit no I won't wear
muscles here now that's not that's not
funny there we go I'll be I'll be
pathetic bizarro
I'll be real-life bizarre you know
people will get it it's fine I'm sorry
eight only five I'll be just let that
sink in rich I'm big jerk
I'm jerky jerk any hints on the movies
for the Halloween best of the worse than
that would why don't even know don't
know it's there there's one I noticed
the other day on the Shelf that I think
we should do so don't give it oh no I
won't even if we did knew even if we did
know we wouldn't give a hand right but
we don't know you something we should
start thinking about relatively soon no
yeah yeah no yeah yeah no we're gonna
shoot it later in the month probably
around Rich's birthday again
yay it's a birthday tradition now well
it wasn't last year I remember when we I
think we shot it we shoot it earlier in
the month
fuck you game I don't remember I don't
remember when we shot it keeps nosing
into Ritchie's birthday no wait there we
go oh oh my god yeah yeah they get gory
with the better weapons that's great
baseball bat has a really nice one too
that was very nice
Fonda my violence
did the camera actually move on its own
or was Everett fucking around no rich
you pressed a button and it minimizes a
game yeah oh no I think there talk about
the last best of the worst the Halloween
one last year we did a thing where the
camera moved on its own oh yeah no I
think that was just the camera I was
poking in no that was me then oh it was
a ghost ditch that was me pretending to
be a ghost it was a ghost I thought it'd
be fun it was and then everyone got
pissy it was after I did that because I
moved the camera that was total ghost it
was a ghost ghosts happened there goes
to fuck you rich Evans was doing the
camera oh and if I don't remember who
recommended it was someone in the chat a
while back recommended a podcast called
lore so if you're in the chat right now
thank you very much for recommending
that I'm hooked lor lor it's by it's a
bite-size podcast it's like twenty
thirty minutes in episode okay
and it's just real life spooky stories
all that things that have actually
happened hold up and it's addictive very
matter all over wall nice rich thank you
are you over fuck around money no I
guess I gotta use all that wake up
around the realized spooky stories yeah
nice yeah just like the little 20 30
minute episodes what's it called lore
and their scary stories yes lore all
right my asking I wanna know I'm curious
I just like how many times you said lore
so far I'm gonna say names of things you
remember the names but but we we all
happen to say with the same like
emphasis on the Oh like lore you want to
make sure people are hearing you
correctly
Laure nor yes much better
laura larae I've seen Darth meringue
these dark days and what I love it
I've seen people recommend it I'm not
seated very fun if you've ever seen any
old BBC shows it's beautiful every every
uh every outdoor scene is just a plant
with a black backdrop in a fog machine
and then they're in the woods
Oh God there's the plants with a black
backdrop oh that's great it's great
welcome to my dark place I would serve
individual don't worry I might be where
I came from maybe okay just have to go
from there now all right there we go any
much better great the three stars
fighting you well you know you're
getting you getting your your murder
feedback yeah your murder Finn's
nope I escaped now long party yep ready
go you don't you don't need a prereq
podcast you just don't watch the video
and then you get a prereq podcast how
old I saw someone sick 2003 4 wasn't
about a decade post 9/11 cuz came on
after her grand theft out of three which
came out around 9/11 they actually cut
out I think a segment where I think you
were going to blow up the building a
skyscraper did you read that out of
three I don't know if you had a wrong
plane into it but I know you're gonna
blow up a building gotcha yeah yeah I'm
with you this game is rated E for
Everyone that's true yep everyone who
likes murder and the shadows get in
shadows
yeah too late where'd he get I like how
he's running towards him let it go oh
I'm never great if you were just another
thug and you hear like I need a hand
over I guess everything's fine didn't
complete oh my god Rick is it I just
trying to make his head pop yeah I am oh
yeah there we go oz gross great that's
great we are allowed to stream this one
apparently uh what's the manhunt to is
the game that that we are not allowed to
stream what what happened if you tried
that's a good question what happens what
are they gonna do you know what when I
and when I looked at manhunt you know
when you when you pick your game you
type it in a new search through a list
of games and you know then twitch knows
what game you're playing manhunts to
came up on
list so I believe what would probably
happen is we would treat for a little
bit and then we would might get an email
they could show us down Wow
I don't know if like there's a bot to do
that but
yeah that's funny
manhunts does sound like the name of
great gay bar yeah man is raid
adults-only that's why we can't stream
it right this twitch have rules against
that or something probably I mean maybe
yeah I think it was official I think of
us I think they say they implemented
that policy sometime after we had
started no sure yeah that might have
been that might have been oh it's worse
the camera you should get extra points
for that get his head it's like an
ice-cream scoop look here put him on the
jan another john well it's probably no
twitch twitch is trying to make a name
for itself and trying to after
thereafter amazon purchased them they
need to make sure that they are gaining
the widest audience possible especially
with YouTube gaming now sticking their
fingers in the live streaming business
YouTube gaming is not taking off wildly
mostly just because all the people who
stream already use YouTube in a
different fashion yeah we'd lose our
subscribers we'd lose they don't want to
switch over right and YouTube hasn't
found the right system yet so we're
sticking here for now obviously if it's
better we'll move over YouTube but and
now that twitch is updated their player
they're getting better mobile access hmm
oh I was a trap he jumped out at me he
knew that was coming a lot of good it'll
do you
twitch band develop only games in May
Wow okay Ian you know the thing I really
don't like about the YouTube the YouTube
gaming is their comment section is
garbage I couldn't pay attention to
anything in their comments oh really
yeah it just didn't it didn't work the
same as twitches people or something
about the system itself what's what's
wrong with it
I think I I don't know how moderation
works yet okay with you too gamy and
there might not be any moderators for
the YouTube chat and so it wasn't people
it was just too much even for the
lighter chats I couldn't do it
I read a list of the band games don't
you remember I don't remember I might've
know yeah I remember your yeah here's
the thing guys I talk Oh talked quite a
bit I can't remember that's the only
reason I knew about it actually yeah
you're welcome
that's okay Jack and now I think about
it I think I've asked if there was an
escape from New York game before too so
I think that's something that has come
up in the past
oh shit I'm dead oh oh oh the scene
failed risk yeah yeah you failed way to
go guy looking at all these spooky games
again Jack's forgotten more than we know
oh man I have a terrible terrible memory
just the worst and you know I'm accepted
a little bit how's that how's that a UH
a wedding this weekend and I'm very
close with a lot of my cousins I have a
very large family extended family and I
come back to the table I'm sitting at
and there is a a lady sitting at the
table talking to all the other people at
my table and she looks at me and she
starts chatting me you know you know not
politely and all of a sudden she just
goes you don't remember who I am
like shit and you know what are you
gonna do hide it yeah something that's
always awkward exams so just like not
even a little bit I'm sorry what can I
do as it turns out she was one of my
cousin's wife um one of my cousin's oh
I'm not super close with yeah or maybe
girlfriend you've already forgotten
about something like ever two days ago
all right I'm pretty terrible oh my god
oh but what are you gonna do a situation
yeah yeah nothing you forget things Gore
is good his head is apparently filled
with uncooked chicken breasts so those
looked like splattered all over the wall
that would make a nice like a nerd we've
done that that was that was general Gore
oh yeah oh is that we used I think for
the most part yeah
general Gore some men made room
something like me like we're kids Tim
didn't you made general general Gore
okay it was a kind of a pun I guess I
get that it's a pun that was great it
like especially if you threw it against
something cuz that would like kind of
stick yeah well that's why we used in
feeding frenzy just we use net chicken
Louise me yeah
just any sort of meat and you cover in
fake blood it's great yeah so gross but
whatever except for sausage yeah sausage
looks like sausage we did we know that
now somebody a lot of sausage cover
checks filled with sausages yeah oh well
it works in a comedic way it was not
intended to be a serious gore scene from
a series horror film so it's fine it
works for them it worked for what it was
used for half of the value yeah
oh I'm sorry what'd you say but I am
full of sausages most of the time I'm
filled with are you laughing a circle
and the balances it's making my night oh
good oh here's here's the thing
everybody I think we've talked about my
clowning past before Jay you knew I was
a clown for a while right yeah yeah I
wanted I think we've talked about it on
the live stream before this is now that
I can recall I'm sorry I'm sorry I don't
remember your time as a clown last
Wednesday I was playing a clown game you
is called dropsy okay and you played a
clown and it was your goal to get to hug
people make them feel better but it was
it was very creepy
oh very creepy overtones it was really
lovely okay point click adventure game
and so I started talking about how and
rich was just mercilessly making fun of
I can't stand closer though I can't
stand them like I don't like clowns
either I made sure he knew that there
was a time in which I was a clown and
everyone was very shocked by this even
though I'm pretty sure I brought this up
before in me maybe you haven't made that
I haven't but yes Jay is aware that I
was a clown
I'm confident AG clown shaming all right
I'm comfortable with my clowning past if
you know that was simple why did the
little Oh did a quick one the only clown
I like is penny wise from it look dropsy
was a was quite a nice clown I have not
played any more of that only because
I've been trying to meet some
self-imposed deadlines then I've been
working hard on light bars
oh yes yes if not played I have no mouth
yet I'm a screen but I am familiar with
the Harlan Ellison story so oh yeah
that's that's a game that that's that's
on my spooky list I have no moral I'm a
scream run well Ron I didn't run fast
enough or soon enough Oh God look
alright one more try this sure one more
try yeah no I was never talented enough
to be a mime I know several mine
you know your you know your limits yeah
I can I can make funny faces I got I had
a couple bits I went through an anti
mine phase in high school where in my
art class every piece of art I did was a
mime being murdered there's a serial
killer character that I made up that
only murdered mimes because he could get
away with it because the mimes never
shouted out for help when he was killing
them in public so I wish I still had
some of those I had a whole series of
pictures of mimes being violently
murdered that's terrible all right I
fucked up alright look famous actor Bob
Curtin yes is a very talented man oh
right like this I can see that again
many I think many theatre actors I go
through my work I never sit
all right but that was quick yeah Wow
one more time cuz that was quick yeah a
mind job are you over your mind
Nathan my phaser I have no personal
feelings about mine
are you afraid yeah are you afraid of
mine mimes aren't scared are you
J being uh an time I'm already might
harm you I know I am you've never been a
mine your say even if I'm I am pro mime
okay I I don't care that sounds like a
drug that just gotta prove by the
Ephraim I'm robot bromine what your
bowel disorder try pro mime side effects
include strong gusts of wind being
trapped in glass boxes and an
overwhelming urge to make exaggerated
faces I'm glad I'm not in high school
now if I was like in high school doing
shit like that now they probably send me
to therapy or something yes Wow cool
foxy the school shrink cuz I drew
pictures of mimes being you saw me was
him down there must have been yet I jump
in to defend my bottom line like mimes
are a joke you know like that's just
like one of those jokes that is better
everywhere how much mine sucked but like
like nines are very yet the good ones
are very talented physical uh physical
actors and you know they can do very
impressive things have you ever seen
shakes the clown the Bobcat Goldthwait
movie a long time ago I don't remember
much
oh they take great pleasure in beating
the shit out of mines so great sure
their minds are a punching bag but there
are talented limes out there that do
good work it's a very specific skill
it's a very I'm sure all right
yeah it's whatever I'm feeling um okay
you know what
and we're talking I'm defending mines
now so I think it's just time this is
where we this is the point we've reached
and this trick game where we're talking
about mime so we should probably call it
all right okay oh yeah look at how look
at how big that I got it is a huge fun
that's over beefcake made it nice and
big for riches old man is mud run it's
fish bus sir j XE buttermilk biscuits
rich read Stardust the Mekons neck
because neck ejected that one that was
Jack Anna did it better
Jack it look like I'm sure mechanikat
macaque of the cosmic I was doing I was
doing like a blessing I was showing up
like a voice mimic you guys making that
I was doing it for was that voice I
thought that was using I thought that
was just like a startling lack of self
confidence in your ability to pronounce
that did John kilo 3 saved row Ernest
come gobbledygook Rasta J that's rude
nice just two O's their rooster rooster
massage Bruce touch I like it that name
Selig on telegin we're stealing the
spotlight from Telecom and you go back
to sit to roost nice telugu on hello and
we're like it prove it is sausage Kasim
Kasim Kasim whatever am i pronouncing
how you wish umberto Cabbage Patch
leftover beefcake a horrible glory Stoke
lhasa vision reference danger peanuts
and star armies star star bubble
startles I think it's terrible's I'm
gonna say star holes I kind of like star
Horrible's Jay kiddo ape thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate
that's true now you don't want spooky
you know what you should have just said
nothing and then I would have explained
that you were mining it oh and Jack is
mining it and he really is right now
really it's kind of great Jack the
enjoyment of Genrich I don't care much
for clones but Jack would've been a
fantastic mind