Episode 396
The First 4 Hours of... SOMA
October 18, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tgkp-MaHHA
___________________________________________

previously recorded plays the first four
hours of Soma
I don't actually don't know anything
about this game I'm gonna look up I'm
going to look up the the wiki on it
alright ready
so my is a sci-fi horror game from
fictional games the creators of amnesia
the Dark Descent it is an unsettling
story about identity consciousness and
what it means to be human uh so it's a
survival horror okay and it's about
robots who think the people so we're a
robot
that's your guess my room yeah are you
okay I think you're bleeding oh that
that's nothing it's just my brain can't
stop bleeding from the accident here
take this oh and none of this is real
I'm a robot obviously is the twist that
you're not a robot because you don't
introduce something like that and then
talk about philip k dick right without
you being a robot you know that is not a
copy written piece of artwork all right
let's go to that fucking doctor let's go
learn that I'm a robot
well this hurt is just a scan it'll hurt
about as much as getting your picture
taken Indians thought cameras would
steal their souls so well let's hope
they're wrong
ready
hey did it you won rich solve the
problem with grain la la la la la la
Oh again maybe robot ok don't break the
glass
don't break your glass I'm a robot I'll
be fine it ready yeah and I make it I
any Megan you are one weak-ass robot
yay you killed the robot Wow
I can't get over the railing you are a
weak-ass hold on hold on I'm going to
figure this problem out
suicide is against my programming well
not being in hate with this I mean what
is the appeal it's more about like world
immersion and less about gameplay and I
guess people like that see you know I
find it hard to get immersed in a world
when everything you have to do is so
pre-planned and scripted you're just
looking for the next button you're
supposed to hit right I all I'm doing is
see this little dot in the middle of the
screen
what can I rub this against the progress
look at that adorable little guy oh love
Enya that's the real problem with games
like this is like it's not it's not even
just like what am I supposed to do next
it's like oh here's the only thing I can
do yes so I guess that's the thing I
need to do yes can I help you don't let
me die nothing is allowed to die that's
pretty creepy yep what happened
huh oh so you have to kill her too oh no
sorry no there's gonna be no way you can
progress unless you do this yep power
supply stable mouth yeah bullshit so but
here's here's the rough part and this is
this is why this is like the the rough
part when you're trying to tell an arti
story with a game it's like I just
pulled that because it was a thing I
could touch you didn't know why you were
doing I didn't know why I was doing it
if you thought oh the only way I can get
through is if I do this oh my god and it
was the same with uh with ROM whatever
all right where you like oh here's a
thing I can touch even know we had
tortured or not we played around with it
until we could progress as I like I
think that's bad game design you need to
make sure that the player reaches the
story point first if you want that
emotional impact yes yeah did we know
where we're going and we're just looking
for the next thing to hit I'm just I'm
following the path looking for the next
thing minute ah this is this seems like
a really neat idea
and I'm really kind of down with the
story but I just wish I didn't have to
play it yeah everybody's a robot
post-apocalypse like this is exactly the
kind of book that I would love
what is happening I don't know spooky
thing is happening I don't know they're
just playing music gameplay what are
they that needs gameplay it's a game
it's a horror game just walk around do
stuff yeah every once in a while just go
get a bassoon the bassoon ago oh that's
creepy look he's like a naked man run
running good enough wait where we go
with mister let me oh my god I don't
know the way to go he chose the wrong
direction
oh when you die you see Asian ladies so
we just played the first four hours of
Soma yeah why don't we I'm saying here's
my summation really interesting story
ruined by utterly mediocre gameplay
there is no gameplay well you can't even
call it a stealth game it's just like
one monster and he's kind of comically
easy to avoid except in the the running
sequence where I just it's a path
memorization yeah I think I'm real I'm
more excited to go to Wikipedia and read
the spoilers than I am to play the game
or not not every story needs to be a
game and I know I like just as a science
fiction fan yeah like some of the
concepts in there with your
consciousness and digital consciousness
and they copy your brain is really you
yeah that's some that's some good deep
shit
yeah that's of science fiction shit I
love that yeah great do you wanna play
it anymore I want to read the spoiler
some fucking PDF great wait