Episode 244
Project Bit Tripformers League
October 30, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bty6zK7Pa0
___________________________________________

it's rich we're in the darkness oh my
god did you change the title of the I
did oh it was way up on it hi everybody
hello hello what's going on
welcome to spooky Wednesday we are back
to spookiness and a game here but
zombies
I guess zombies so many zombies which
has green hair yeah we're still figuring
out how to do the green-screen thing so
rich we'll have a lovely green haze over
his head and that controller is not
activating as advertised
I don't mind mouse a keyboard just on
the couch chair like this it's kind of
weird yeah close out the game
pull it up again see what happens unplug
and replug in the controller this is
classic rich getting up action you know
what classic every time I get up
something might break and it's
terrifying it's really true
good morning star Horrible's I'm moving
the shot oh I know it's listen this is
how I get it close to my face there's a
robot dick in your face if it's not just
right here I'll just
is this better should I just go like
this is that better for you it's a
little distracting but anyone who's
worked with audio knows that the closer
you can get a microphone to your face
the better the audio quality so loving
life whoa of course were hideous have
you not seen us before get with the
program
get with the program man Oh No rich is
gone did your other USB port fry rich
has one fried USB port I said you have
to hold a maybe
maybe hold a whole depressing maybe ya
know perhaps that's in the option menu
perhaps I don't know they're not saying
anything
I'll try and keyboard mouse it from the
couch sheriff right let's do 91 says oh
no there's a pale figure on the screen
what am I supposed to do that's spooky
and his controller there we go check so
check that top box there you go okay
apply wait wait go back into options
yeah
reload config files okay test controller
there you go nope I had this weird why
do I drink coffee at this hour because I
need to stay awake to to stream games
for you guys maybe it's being weird
because I unplugged and plugged in sure
but not so good one more shop just
restart the game everything's gonna be
fine then how odd
and then how odd it's not a lot of
coffee it's just um it's three shots of
espresso so that's not a ton for me
because I drink a lot of coffee there we
go oh there you go
how does online work with this I have no
idea
yeah forget you just wanna no one cares
about the game we just want to know
about Jax odd caffeine habits yeah I
drink you know I don't I mean I drink
coffee I drink a lot of coffee
these are end times and I try not to
drink coffee too late or else I don't go
to sleep but some nights I just don't go
to sleep in this way there was no hope
of survival always a hole in the mouth
somebody copy this is how you die hmm I
forget my framing then I wonder we'll
never know oh yeah no well no I got this
up over here I'll just refresh this
there's MIDI over here to start the game
you should welcome to Project Zomboid
surely you'll find yourself dying
horribly no one will mourn you then you
will be swiftly forgotten haha
everything will have been for nothing so
let's make sure you go up button yes and
yes we know these are the end times you
just told me is the antagonist
sorry an unexpected error occurred press
escape to left mouse button to exit it
should be noted that this game is an
early access
oh my god I just crashed completely it's
in very early access
no Phoenix just coffee no alcohol
tonight all right
no no drinking tonight cuz I have to
drive home and that would be
irresponsible of me so yes go man
an area that we need to find a new game
times one more chance game you're
getting one more chance okay is there
anybody from tech support in the chat
is there anybody from the big sport
anybody who's who's working on projects
on Boyd at the time compatibility mode
there we go let's see what compatibility
mode probably better compatibility mode
for high-end systems you know I've
played a little bit of this game a while
ago I like their ideas yeah it's not an
arcade ease on the game they do really
go for the survival aspect I mean I
played this like a couple years ago okay
what is happening April I love you we
are trying to we are a having a lot of
success crashing this game these are the
end times there was no this is how you
died you're right blood-borne is damned
will play blood-borne if you go over to
Jack's house and get his ps4 go over to
my house and get my feels for my family
would be horribly confused but uh you
know what when the DLC comes out I'll
probably yeah starts okay
easy the end times we've made it to the
second these at the end times I think no
no all right I think we need to plan
baby
what does Plan B I don't know how we
restrict restricting ourselves to spooky
wheezed we said we are gonna play a
spooky game and so far it's it's been
real horror stories Ultimate Edition
remember we did I know do you want a
hundred percent real store a horror
stories awesome I really don't do you
want to god no okay
god no there is new rocket legacy but no
no no why not give me give me one good
reason
check check vote vote rocket League or
other we've played too much raggedly we
can't play rocket League too much rocket
League chat don't was it a chat I wanna
playing doom 3 with the controller I'm
not I'm not doing doing with a
controller I I agree with the sentiment
mr. Beebe's says play grow home let's
grow home go home I know grow home I
think it's some kind of joke all right
lots of other alright alright others
winning others winning yes the best laid
plans Jack risk of rain spooky let's
find it so let's find a spooky you and
the spooky restriction is ruining our
stream risk of rain we've done before
okay if not spooky is something we
haven't streamed before and well you got
Jack these are what these are what have
you got I'm looking at your amnesia
machine for pigs know that amnesia game
it's the spooky game we
probably hate it yeah we probably would
those are the same people that made soma
yeah we probably really probably hate
that I'm the story in some Oh a lot
quite a quite a bit
there's just no K I'm sorry there's
nothing I am sorry there's no game at
all I really want to like sum up we
that's that you know I see some people
were asking about like the next prereq
and the next who's in whatsit soma we
are we're trying a new format for video
that we did for soma and we played some
of soma and you know what am I got
that's spooky
I have crypt of the necrodancer very
spooky skeletons yep we do have Dark
Souls prepare to die edition oh we could
do a little more dark so see how that's
pretty spooked we got darkest dungeon
okay yeah oh you played that right yep
Dead Rising 2 and Dead Rising 3 ok let's
say spooky I just don't have much that's
spooky it's not it's not my forte yeah
we're not playing five nights at
Freddy's that's just vetoed I'm seeing
some people seem to like darks the Dark
Souls idea you want to read some what I
have and then whatever seems to be
getting the most interest okay in the
chat I think we're gonna go with I think
it's a bad idea to stream it but I do
have Ghost Busters the video game and we
all know that has ghost - Ghost Busters
the video game that's Ghostbusters the
video game 3d they got before hell
dreams died as hell dream is Dan Aykroyd
Bill Murray and yep doing the voices the
problem is if we stream that the whole
stream is gonna be shut up rich and Jack
we want to hear the dialogue yeah that's
the only reason I think it's a bad idea
I actually like the game a lot sure then
we can't do that
Grim Fandango has skeletons I wouldn't
call it spooky at all you know
hands of fate vaguely no it's not dream
that a bunch get out of here get out of
here with that there's a consensus
pretty much Dark Souls may be the
consensus is pretty much nervously we do
have murdered soul suspect oh yeah that
was a weird one I think that might be
too slow but we could give it a try
murdered soul spot sudden blows what's
what's right based on what I've said we
had murdered soul suspect the
Ghostbusters game which I think will
make for a bad stream as much as I like
it I'm seeing a lot here's what I'm
seeing I'm seeing a lot of Dark Souls
I'm seeing something called the 7th
guest Oh No you know that an early CD
game point-and-click oh can you get dead
space oh I've never played dead space or
played dead space either that's a spooky
game and it's a new game that space is
not a new game well a game we haven't
played before rich let's go look at that
that's a good suggestion whoever
suggested that I lost is 19 bucks you
must bring for it
I want spring for this 34 for the dead
space pack with the I don't know it's
early both games yeah but you can buy
both for 30 bucks no 40 oh it's $5 yep
just get the one okay we're gonna play
dead space they're a state of decay
state of decay actually is a bad play
dead space it's only five barks what
state of decay yes another zombie
survival one but it's 3d dead space this
base dad while we download Dead Space
I saw some people asking about the steam
controller I tweeted this the other day
I got I'm so excited and for anyone who
who asks me about the game I am most
excited for the answer to that is the
steam controller I'm more excited about
the steam controller than I am about any
game coming up
and I don't know that it says about me
says you're interested in a whacky new
control supply might be might be
terrible or might be revolutionary
we don't really know so you know I
ordered as soon as it came out I got a
notification in my email that says that
it is on the way and that you know a
shipping slip has been made check my
tracking numbers and they haven't
actually shipped it yet according to
FedEx so I've just been waiting but I
want it I want it so hard and now that I
know that it's closed it just gets me
even more excited for the steam
controller we need we need like
something to kill 10 minutes I think all
right what do we have to kill ten
minutes you play like brutal doom or
something for 10 minutes no now that not
a lot of controller just I'm being picky
and finicky about that I yeah
if only we had our steam controller
which might work yeah yeah yeah I would
be willing to try that yeah I just plant
you just pick something and play it for
10 minutes
fix something fix something and play it
for 10 minutes while we wait for dead
space to down oh my god hold up what's
say one okay I'm not looking
maybe when all right Meg um Space Quest
one no don't do that because then it
does that we can't play any daughter
okay fine fine fine
we can't do anything all right here we
go again here we go again
all right say when Jack steam reel it in
all right um bit.trip runner favorite
this one love that game love bit.trip
runner great the stream is going well
this lame project zomboid yeah yeah we
had a whole thing planned here
is this food trip 101 or - okay
I gotta find OBS worse will be s fuckin
hiding right this game is so spooky
spooky bit trip I don't hate it that's
the best I can do there you go
oh dude and does does your steam still
download yeah just to make sure it looks
it still done great alright bit.trip
runner all remember how to play you can
see the game now it's fine you ready
jump and you do shit that's great
we're playing this while we wait to
download Dead Space because Project
Zomboid crashed three times in a row
while we tried to play it I think we
gave it a fair shake yep exactly
you can look at you use your rainbow of
joy yay
it's something to play while we wait for
motherfuck to download oh my god Alice
had a fire we're never doing steam
roulette again you don't like steam
really you missed that one go I didn't
die I didn't die
that's what matters yes not dying is the
most important thing or is it I play
games it's not dying yeah yep sorry
you should one you should be too
okay so steam controlers not a toy maybe
one maybe I would have loved playing
brutal doom good if we could have like
unboxed it here that'll come a spooky
I'm good for that do you think you'll be
able to stream from the studio on Sunday
probably it'll do if you can bring that
steam controller well fuck yeah as soon
as we get those Sunday I've been able to
reason oh no oh no thanks wait a way to
go that's why I said it's more important
not to die nobody listen to me I said
that then I got knocked back and nobody
liked it
yes tuck tool we the the plan is for the
next normal prereq episode to be a kind
of a overview of the steam controller
like a review I guess of the controller
how we feel about it
controllers in general I think I think
the the steam controller is exactly what
prereq was made for because I have
always been a controller person a
console person yeah and rich has always
been a mouse and keyboard but when it
comes to shooters most definitely like
stuff like Batman and whatnot controller
even for me for you for shooters I need
a controller
so like bit.trip runner this is simple
imprecise oh-oh-oh
Richard Brunner it crashed but triprotic
crash oh I can't believe that happened
we had the spooky thing hanging over our
heads it's gotta be spooky because we're
October we're doing dead spooky games
because I'm sorry I'm an asshole I know
I know I'm an asshole but this is just
far more far more interesting a little
bit of an app being an asshole
yeah I'll admit to that I'm okay with
that you're well I guess as long as
you're okay with that as long as you're
okay with it we uh that was weird how
much doubt I good stout and crashed
honest I think that's weird
mm-hmm you know like the other game was
an alpha so you know Richard Brian it's
been around for a while you think that
would run right
crashed that's really weird how that
crash like that that's something I can
do now Vince I point to you and call you
an ass whore
it's October only pumpkin spice games
that's right fucking right mm-hmm
great we went live that's great news
oh your phone got a late update oh no
I'm just add you saw that I already did
you're you're on the ball you're see you
know you know what right here it's
because you are not an asshole that's
true I try I in general trying not to be
an asshole that's the thing about me
we've played it is a little cold in
Wisconsin this morning it was 40 degrees
yeah 40 degrees this morning fuck this
state it's great we played a little bit
in France you've beaten the game on yeah
and now you're playing New Game+ yeah so
we have to play a little bit our other
show that we're trying to get off the
ground we've also done some show what
some show first four hours of we did
this so we'll
I'm wearing Uggs
no actually I'm wearing I'm wearing
flip-flops today because I don't like
wearing shoes enjoy 40 degrees out I
don't like wearing shoes and I know like
I'm gonna be sitting here for a couple
hours and so it's like I don't want to
have shoes on while I'm here they're
never gonna replace the Starscream and
Cobra Commander voice that voice actor
died and they're just they're never
gonna find somebody that's solid right
it's gonna be like Kermit the Frog we're
gonna have to endure 20 years of
Starscream sounding weird
Starscream like yeah pretty annoying
voice though right like yeah it was kind
of the point though wasn't it I guess
I'm not sure that was intentional so
who's we've been favoring by the way
address fucking Optimus motherfucking
Prime all the other Autobots can gun
thing they can go suck a big fat
metallic dick I had a lot of fun playing
as Grimlock he's a fucking robot
dinosaure tired and sad I don't know
what battle Angel is and I have no
feelings about Robert Rodriguez
directing it over James Cameron rich it
sounds like some gonna anime thing yeah
whatever what is a battle angel they as
directors I think they both have
strengths and weaknesses you know I I
think in the hole based solely off of
just in movies I would say Robert
Rodriguez is a weaker director if you
look at their entire catalogue
if you look at specific examples Robert
Robert Rodriguez is fantastic but then
you got to add all the spy kids and
Sharkboy and Lavagirl in there too yeah
it's terrible man for making movies for
children no terrible man they're bad
movies
children enjoy them do they I don't know
then then he's done his job but then the
children also enjoy good children's
movie you know they don't need to be bad
for children to eat it isn't the story
he made like a movie as his kids would
like wasn't that it was that Sharkboy
and Lavagirl like his kids actually
created Sharkboy and Lavagirl that he
just he likes to make movies in his
garage his garage is very large
what no it's it like Lord Belmont I
don't think it's like that he's like too
obsessed with digital he I mean he is
really obsessed with digital but I think
there are times in which he can't put
together a cohesive story or restrain
himself with the digital thing if you
like Spy Kids is awful and a lot of it
is because it's all digital but you know
he's a fine filmmaker I am I did I did
change the stream title judge frowny
face I did change the stream title check
oh no I didn't change the stream title
if they change the game
spooky Wednesday's transformers meets
mine we still might do dead space we
didn't pay for it so we're probably
still gonna do dead space this is just a
killing time while we download Dead
Space sorry for yelling into I changed
the game but I didn't change the title
I'm gonna say I'm gonna say that's
entirely 170 percent fine I did I did a
half-assed job of my job which was
updating the stream that was my only job
spike is yes bye kid is my kids is awful
all the Spy Kids movies are awful that
was a si effort
si effort New Game+ I think I am playing
on the higher difficulty hours it's fine
it's fine you know you're optimistic in
prime nothing matters but biome Optimus
autobots roll up autobots roll out
Autobots
this is my Optimus Prime voice I think I
have autobots roll out pretty well
autobots roll up roll out Autobots
yeah I really get into that roll Howard
autobots roll out you know here's a
ground to him do you know that it's a
gentle growl it's a gentle yeah I know
it's a growl that uh that has some
patience Optimus Prime is the Gentle
badass I don't know later in the game
preserve all life but kick some ass
while doing it that's Optimus Prime
that's how we win that's how we roll out
we will save all the humans by punching
protect the innocent with laser guns so
you do it do you uh do ever get to play
as a Decepticon okay No then the answer
to that is no I believe later later on
you can be Optimus obviously you can be
bumblebee you can be Wheeljack you can
be Grimlock and you can be sideswipe
sideswipe some aka some other dickhead
I'll admit I've never been a super huge
transformers fan yeah Optimus Prime is
always kick-ass yeah
I think that's the Tigers I think that's
where I'm pulling my voice from is from
the original cartoon thank you it's fine
um Dante no sorry Ellen doesn't need
more people we need more time yeah we
need more time for everything
you know I know like that's offered a
lot like you know can I help on shoots
you know if you need interns and whatnot
but like the schedule here is so
sporadic we like we could never schedule
anything you know an extra person to
schedule home and yeah we pretty much
have it under control the the big bulk
the thing that takes up the most time is
editing yep
shooting we have pretty pretty well down
but editing takes forever and you know
we're not gonna take that away from from
Jay Mike or myself that's the product is
they're editing frankly that's the part
we enjoyed the most but and yes also
that is part of the product so that's
where the real that's where the real
kink is and of course you know obviously
space cop another thing to edit taking
up a ton of time oh you have a little
shield I never noticed that when you get
hit with the laser you have like a
little bluish shield yeah you know we
didn't notice a lot of things that's how
we roll that's how we roll out do you
need a person to schedule that's what we
need we need one person to schedule all
the interns yeah also we couldn't pay
anybody any of this right now we're
still figuring out how to pay ourselves
so Devastator
they surf right with the giant thing
yeah and waste any time
yeah yeah oh shit
keep going right for the gravattack oh
my god fuck you fuck you Devastator yeah
yeah young
and jimmy-jam says we can pay him in
Newquay tapes that is that will be a
viable currency soon also if anyone has
any by the way I'm I want to let you
guys know I'm really really Jack I mean
Jays not here you don't have to do you
don't have to that's the big
it's a terrible bit there's nothing
there's nothing I can do about that
that's the big I do want to let everyone
know that usually when I talk to you the
chat I look at my microphone I don't
know yeah but like I will look at my
microphone as if I'm talking to you but
I don't need to do that anymore
I look at you but you might have just
seen me right now say like okay listen
up as if I was talking to you but now I
can talk to you and say that's just you
know that's gonna be an adjustment for
me here's what that's gonna be
Thank You Jay balm and spirit I think
it's a good bit - I think that we need a
couple more new key tapes is a fine bit
and I'm gonna keep it up bits
they got peaks and valleys Ridge
something that one's been in the valley
for like a year and a half and then you
know what one of these times I'm gonna
say it and he's gonna hit you in the red
moon well back up into peak yeah
exactly Oh bother you can watch my
enthusiasm be sucked out of me just
ripped it pulls it pulls it out of me
I need it all for my soul surely have
any
what do I know about microphones POTUS I
don't know if you've been watching the
stream for very long but we know very
little oh I get it
I think you were being a joke do you
want to be a professional lady player
here's the thing I know about
microphones is you get the microphone as
close to your subjects face as possible
this is one thing a lot about
microphones
maybe I move quite far much better Oh
bumblebee this is the section where I'll
be bumblebee was that was quick and fast
and had super combo power it's gonna
made a badass semi-tractor man like I'm
a transformer - oh my god you have a
laser sword see that's pretty awesome
right no yeah you can give anybody the
laser sword yeah no I know the
microphones in the picture like I could
is it if it's that distracting to you if
my microphone being in a shot is that
distracting to everyone because I meant
you did the multiple times
is that better is that better everybody
mic the mic is now out of the shot I
have my family the mic is fine well you
know the Transformers collecting data
wants to know what war the Transformers
originally I show a game they were a toy
first I don't remember if they beat GI
Joe to the TV but they're either the
first or the second toy line that
basically used a cartoon to sell the toy
line yes
the toy line was not selling very well I
don't I don't know if that's the case
wasn't the case the case it was not
selling terribly well and they needed a
more effective marketing strategy and so
they made a cartoon as cheaply as popped
that doesn't sound right
that doesn't sound it probably wasn't
painting but it just wasn't gangbusters
and they're saying Outsiders Kirk says
Joe Joe was two years before drink up
drink up
and he-man was before GI Joe but I
believe he man was a cartoon first in
Venezuela no no no no III remember cuz I
remember loving the he-man toys and then
then they started coming out with the
cartoons and like he-man was such a
pussy in the cartoons
I couldn't stand cartoon he men
especially especially is his secret
identity Prince Adam I just wanna hey I
would pay to see Prince Adam get punched
in the face repeatedly yeah I didn't
quite understand that if anyone didn't
need a secret identity it's fuckin
he-man right just go full Conan Yeah
right when I play with my toys
Skeletor was not the fucking crybaby he
was in the cartoon scowltura was a
skeleton monster it was tough and he-man
was like a Conan the Barbarian he would
just cut people off and when I played
with my toys
yeah not did not care much for the the
watered down baby cartoon
I dealt with it because it was he-man
but uh you know playing with the toys
was just something it's just different
they're saying you are right about human
cuz I remember being disappointed with
how he was kind of portrayed in the
cartoon he's kind of a it's kind of a
would not my man God is this cat just
complained all the time yeah yeah sure
battle cat I don't remember what the
secret identity name was but extra
Howard actually actually like that
because it's not the cartoon version if
he mad there's no pointless secret
identity he he kills people the sword
Skeletor Skeletor is not a incompetent
boob I actually like the live-action
he-man movie when I was a kid because it
was exactly the opposite of what the
cartoon was yeah films you know promised
to put up half of the budget if Hasbro
put up the first half and then and then
they backed out of the deal as soon as
it has bro put up their money no we're
not be giving it any more money and so
then they just have to like slap
together the rest of the movie
I guess they go to earth then I don't
know get Courtney Cox she's cheap that's
just flat-out understandable they made
what they could with what they had
and it's a bunch of dickheads but I'm
sure everybody knew that I don't know
anything bubble these fucking combos
because does he's bumblebee and I never
use them oh yeah Apple is paying me for
product placement there we go everybody
knows I like Apple computers
jack is too quiet now now you're just
fucking with me and I don't appreciate
it
no now you're just fuckin with me and I
don't appreciate you do appreciate it I
do know I don't appreciate anybody I
should have just let go in the first
place and then stuck to my my microphone
my microphone will right in my mouth
ways and I let you guys I let you guys
talking into I never saw the first
Transformers animated movie that that
was that was the moment I that was the
moment I stopped loving the Transformers
yeah they killed Optimus Prime in the
first act
they killed in the first act they killed
the only character I gave a shit about
and I as a kid I didn't see in the
theater it was a rental I I left the
room it was rented before me
specifically and when after his prime
died I just went and did something else
I think I made I may have even cried who
the fuck of these other jerks I don't
care about any of them
such a sleazy way you can buy the new
toys the old toys are dead you have to
buy the new ones all those beloved
characters yeah they're in the fucking
grave by the way just the phrase the old
toys are dead that's what transformers
the movie was all these things that are
part of your lives and part of your
imagination the fucking dead now you
have to deal with that that maybe and
also maybe the root of the reason I hate
the heroic sacrifice trouble oh okay
I can't stand it to this day just
because of Optimus I don't I'm not gonna
say that it's possible I hate it out to
this because I don't like it but a good
it could have been the rudder okay it
was either the route that caused my
hatred of that or it just hit the nerve
first I'm not sure which hmm interesting
I have never once given any slight fuck
about the
yeah but you like Pokemon go figure
go figure to like even their toys I just
didn't I never Kayla with the robots and
they're fucking me away whatever I don't
care I probably never got those I
probably never got like the
transformation right anyway it's a truck
with an arm hanging out that doesn't
make any sense
I like GI Joe yeah everybody soldier
shoot bad guys super awesome
I think I've said this before Snake Eyes
is one of my favorite fictional
characters of all time I don't know if
you've ever gone that far before that's
a bold statement yeah ya know I always
loved snake eyes he's a ninja with a
machine gun yeah
that's fair that's I mean it's true yeah
it's fair
transformers in Pokemon is the same
business model really yeah Pokemon just
takes it to an extreme yeah yeah okay
transformer says here's the cartoon you
probably want the toys of these guys
Pokemon says here's the cartoon you have
to buy all of the toys of these guys
because the cartoon tells you to and not
only the toys of these guys but the
playing cards of these guys though both
versions and you're gonna need a new
system to play that new video game so DX
lt1000
really Pokemon is the is the final
evolution yeah transport yeah yeah
that's um capitalism motherfucker
I gotta buy em all gotta buy em all you
know what's nice what I think good old
hack-and-slash yeah good old press some
buttons combo ups and robots that's all
about time and those dodges in this game
mm-hmm you get that perfect dodge that
the time slows down and feels good
doesn't seem to do that much good on the
holes it's not a very long slow down but
it feels good like that that felt like
crap like that yeah that's you know what
like that the neck you're right and then
the next stage so you know we have
transformers then it goes up to Pokemon
and then like right now the the mega
evolution to use a Pokemon term is
Skylanders yeah yeah which is the new
hotness in all toy brands they got
Skylanders they got the Disney infinity
they got the new Lego dimensions is
another one of those stupid ass
Skylanders things where you need a
little lighter these specific Lego toys
with the Lego base and the Lego base
plugging into your nothing the base game
on that is 100 bucks oh yeah how much a
game is there without the toys why the
base game comes with like two toys - was
that like what two levels I mean is it a
full game even is it at least a full
game for a hundred bucks my guess is
it's a full what you know how many
carrot what characters can you use right
right right like if you just want the
Back to the Future stuff that's what
like a hundred bucks for the base game
and then 50 for the toy set there's
something crazy right yeah hey fuck that
business model gone you're right mr.
butch amiibos - like well and like
amiibos there-there are apparently like
amiibos are different you know they do
multiple things in multiple games but
it's all the same it's it's real-life
microtransactions
is just you know get a little bit more
from you but it's built into the game
all of that I'm incredibly happy that
I've been able to keep myself and more
importantly my children away from all of
those games every time like you know we
see them like if their kids come with me
to the video game store like we were
there recently and they saw the lego
dimensions and they're like what's that
oh that's nothing son that's nothing at
all oh just some Legos we can get those
at the store just regular oh my god
certainly not a video game but it looks
like a video game nope not a video game
at all I know there's a little black
market for like
Karen was all excited to be she thought
that was gonna be like a scooby-doo Lego
thing when she could play it like now
it's like a hundred and fifty dollars if
you want to play a scooby-doo for like a
level of scooby-doo
Lego it's a nice idea you know like all
the different lego worlds scooby-doo
Ghostbusters Back to the Future Doctor
Who Marvel DC all of them coming
together right I actually don't know if
Marvel's in that but there's a you know
there's a lot of different lego worlds
that can come together and that's such a
neat idea
good then you need to buy each of the
individual one on that is that was an
epic way to ended yeah yeah
uh-uh yeah tell your kids that they're
boring sighs no I just hoping that there
were regular Legos and they have plenty
of those and you know you can buy a
regular Lego for much cheaper than the
game they don't know most of that stuff
so building whoa
over there now dead space probably is
probably close to being done well wait
till rich gets done with another vote
are people enjoying this just a question
I have no idea they're if they're asking
for dead space what's the consensus on
the Transformers game people basically
should we switch the dead space ASAP or
should we linger Chewelah nyet you don't
have to I just know something I need to
know from them what will I do when my
kids get too old to lie to ah that's a
good question just say no yeah no yeah
hopefully by the time they figure out
that I'm full of shit they're like
responsible enough to do shit on their
own so that's what's the chat sing ASAP
switch switch a sense best go Star Trek
what keep death space I get that dead
space too loud too loud we we have it
what what's too loud you're telling us
this now
this game is pretty boring I don't care
what people like games by this company
it's this isn't their best game this is
no vanquish it's you know what vanquish
is like the most fun I've ever had with
a video game this is very this is
standard this is this is like something
they slap together for the money with
the license I know Platinum has made
some incredible games and this is not
their strongest effort by any means it's
a fine
hacking slasher your enjoyment of this
game will depend entirely upon your love
of the trans morphers yes and if you are
if you just want to play as Optimus
Prime and axe some dudes in the face
you're gonna have a great time
and if not then don't why are you even
looking at this game in the first place
it's not the big transformers
I must turn up the mic jack to
full-throttle what mic hmm what
it's the game this game might be
relatively water this thing this game is
in platinum their logo comes up when you
start the game who said that why did you
say that I don't know and I think it I
do think it looks cool I like I like you
know it's cel-shaded I like the art
style I like how all the robots look
what would you know you finished the
game what was the like level variation
very very little on the home that's what
I was calling was there another one
there's a Cybertron one but that and at
times looked a lot like the underground
bit that we played sure
so three there's three three worlds well
there's there's this outside ruin city
yeah then there's underground yeah then
there's kind of like some Ceti outside
city that doesn't count there is kind of
a park area that doesn't then there's a
one fight in space okay but it's one
it's exactly one fight something a full
thing sure
then there's Cybertron which looks
almost exactly like the underground and
then there's another fight in space
gotcha
right this is you know there there's no
need to do a full review of this game
because if you are watching this right
now you know what it is you're seeing
like you could see five minutes of this
gameplay and know exactly what the rest
there there is some weapon leveling up
stuff the oh god which is more obnoxious
than funding the way it's handled right
now this is it's it's a very simple very
basic hack and slash with robots there's
a very satisfying car turn into a robot
punch thing in the fighting mechanics
that I really enjoy but beyond that I
leave it and I'm fucking up all of those
with sideswipe where's this notice I
think this sideswipe
I don't know fucks rich is gonna finish
this next little level and then we'll
check it's a pretty much Universal turn
this off route by the magician is
recanting is in platinum game I can't
believe it's it's not it's so fun
I'm not gonna say it's a bad game but
it's nowhere near their best game like
vanquish I'm dead serious is probably
one of my favorite games ever yeah oh no
and you know we're not saying fuck this
game and this is like my 750 fourth
favorite game ever right you know no no
and then we're not being negative
because the game is what it is it's a
very simple we have 17 minutes left on
the dead space download really yep I
guess we're you know I guess we're also
screaming we're sucking up a lot of
internet maybe is transformed more first
still on no I turned off Oh fair enough
everyone was bored with it anyway we
really wanna turn a game that everyone
hates back on well just to have
something we got we got twenty minutes
what do you want we have to you know
right now and look at look at our game
it's it's straight it's a stripe Grady
we what do you want to play
I mean I here's here's the thing we
can't I was just gonna say like we could
play 20 minutes of rocket League but if
we take if we played 20 minutes of
rocket League we're using Internet there
we're using Internet to download and
we're using Internet to string so we had
two matches and I think it's fine cuz
you know did you get the DLC I mean yeah
we can play well I think just love it I
was playing it today earlier cuz I got
the new DLC I got the rocket League DLC
which you get two cars from the original
their original game super hyper rocket
car yes adventures and one of them is a
really cool like Beetle scarab looking
car
rocket League games are five minute
chunks it's easy to time out yep 20
minutes 20 minutes easy visit they're
saying we should take that 20 minutes
and really quickly finish Pokemon finish
all of Pokemon do that yeah I can
definitely happen that's definitely
gonna happen all of that I know I'll you
guys know I love rocket League I know I
sound a little bit like an addict I'm
talking about Rockley but I've it's a
great game to me fer he was just arguing
against playing it so I know we play it
we played it so much but you two matches
right that's all going for three three
men 103 three maybe four matches the
room names prereq anybody who can get in
good luck what's the password gonna be
none oh really
yeah why bother we're playing three four
matches sir did you create it no I
created it
right leg I I saw on the uh oh that's
right oopsie well people will join in I
think if they don't shut them in one of
the teams right yeah just don't get a go
you're a jerk
it's driving a circle just drive in a
circle around the ball waiting for
somebody to join them when somebody
joins so like I was I'm the gaming news
sites I saw the new dlc it was out today
and I bought the new DLC right away
bothers in and he's gonna score no
you're on the right side of the ball
sorry Oh bother
I generally did not mean to blow you up
oh is that one of the new cars right
there where is it oh yeah look at that
thing look at Kate look at how cool that
thing is look at it I'm just I'm not
going for the ball I'm just looking at
Kay so I was playing it a little this
afternoon and I feel really bad because
I had stuff to do this afternoon is a
rocket League I could do that right it's
just for unn oh my god anybody get in
how many people are in here is there is
there a four-on-four mode now there's
always been a forum for mode
it's three and three was the most I ever
saw no Lauren 4 is a chaos oh okay I
never really played chaos oh you know
what it is it's chaos huh it's a little
bit of gas huh
I hate soccer and cars should I buy this
game if you enjoy fun yeah I hate soccer
and cars yeah I don't hate cars I've
never been I've never been especially
huge on racing games though right but I
know I I hate soccer and I love this so
yes I mean this this is the the most fun
oh my god we are
we're losing handily yeah hey blue team
let's step it up myself included do I
have to have steam to buy games and play
them from Steam yes
yes you do steam is free you don't you
know you just sign up and you get it
Steam account for free
it's glorified DRM yeah it's convenient
glorified DRM but it's it's it's
basically the only way you're gonna play
a PC game in this day and age you know
their dog is pretty gog is pretty nice
and I've been messing around with that
GOG galaxy which is their version of
steam good old gog.com good old games
calm and now they have their kind of
version of steam which is called GOG
galaxy yeah and it's nice and then you
get stuff that's DRM free already
support the GOG yeah ya got a sport the
GOG kind of sport the guy cuz you know
what's team needs competition too they
need to feel some pressure to
competition breeds innovation see how
you feel about steam ones gabe dies i'd
like all new beast no well you'd like to
think no don't take off take off those
naive glasses well first of all you
didn't let me finish my sentence oh you
would like to think that his successor
would follow in his footsteps but we've
seen what has happened to apple after
jobs left how's that I watch treatin ya
Oh everybody hates it wasn't dumb idea
to begin with
the brain so down
it's like who the fuck would want to buy
a Dick Tracy watching please damage its
a video edge well you want to wear
something on your wrist that does less
than the thing that's already in your
pocket it's only $5,000
no no hating on Tim Cook by the way no
hey night because I am an Apple fanboy
so I'm not gonna that's just great
what that was just great like that yeah
I know I'm killing it I'm pretty much
killing it here I don't think I've done
any good for the team at all so you're
really killing it I'm killing it for
this
I'm literally making the team die all
those music notes are deep
oh yeah that's part of the new DLC oh
I'm assuming it is Wow
yeah that's cuz we're downloading dead
space here we go oh no what are you
doing
I would I thought I was talking I was
trying to time oh my god I try to time
that's trying to time
yeah we're downloading those dead space
we're streaming this and we're playing
an online game we're not smart
streamers do things are fun that space
could be fun we'll get to it it's just
not we'd be playing it now but we're
downloaded will you send our ass for 17
minutes that's what we should've done
I've got a cam with with just a black
background and we just we should just
stare silently yeah yeah we're all gonna
wait rolling wait we're not gonna read
chat we're not gonna have conversations
everything's gonna be fine okay
yeah the Steve Jobs movie does look
great my favorite part like my favorite
part of the reaction from the Steve Jobs
movies is how everyone is like did you
know that Steve Jobs was a horrible
asshole and it's like well of course
that fuck knew that earliest business
things was he cheated his partner
Wozniak right the day we gave money yeah
yeah no Wozniak was was the brains like
heat Wozniak was a builder he was the
and he just wanted to build computers
and give him away for free like let's
find a way to make computers so simple
that everyone could use them they could
build their own computers wouldn't that
be great and Steve job goes I want to
make money and he did then he died then
he said wait a minute
I don't think that I don't think there
was a causation there oh no maybe some
schadenfreude oh I hear the real chaton
Friday the the rumor has it you know he
had a very rare type of cancer yeah and
rumor has it that if he would have gone
with traditional like chemotherapy
traditional cancer treatment he had a he
would have had a higher survival chance
no but he opted for some more
experimental treatments which might have
ended his life pre oh my god prematurely
Oh oh my god I did not save that I don't
know who saved that but I was not me
it's chaos lose this particular man is
just whoever got in the room first
except the unlocked a new flag okay
that's right the lesson is don't get
cancer look at her fucking peg oh my god
oh my god alright one more match we
can't do this again look at our fucking
thing that's terrible
we're downloading and streaming we're
sending shit everywhere I know I know
we're internet in the fucking that's
great if you have a better way to kill
time this is the stream is game medley
right yeah we're a little we're a little
game a potpourri tonight look basically
what happened was no we were going to
stream Project Zomboid because buki
October October and the game crashed on
us like three times yep and we couldn't
stream it so we scrambled to find
something else to scream scream stream
and I guess we ended up coming up with
dead space but I don't have dead space
so we had to download Dead Space
No and that was gonna take an hour so
we've just been playing whatever to kill
an hour
kill an hour and you know having a great
time
having a great time doing it I did I did
not update the stream it's fine unless
they're coming in to see transformers
and I did not update the scream don't
know a break in the action having a life
time I'll see if I could figure out how
you do it
with your special programs to do these
things Chandi yeah I've never never
updated with you maybe I did it once but
it was ages ago
so you know okay don't go to select game
and then uh yeah yeah you got it you get
it rich yeah sorry sorry shy but we like
the ball is teleporting all over the
place because our ping is so fuck yeah
I'm using my mouse we're just probably
dumb
cuz your mouse isn't working you know my
my trackpad
speaking of Apple love and product I'm
really excited about the the new Apple
trackpad with force touch technology
totally got it totally getting it
I loved my old trackpad it broke on me
and I've been using a how do we apply
this oh I've been using a way to call it
a roller mouse the ball mouse trackball
trackball Mouse which has been fine but
you know definitely what's that ever
fine how is that ever fine I use my
computer a lot and if I use a regular
Mouse I am at risk for carpal tunnel
moment yeah well I mean I just I use it
all but I you know with fine motion on
my computer I need something with a
little more looka stuffy stuff who do
words are tough to say sometimes and I
really enjoyed using my trackpad but it
died on me and I didn't want to get a
new one because I knew that Apple was
coming out with their new their new
stuff Wow teleporting ball and it
finally came out the other day it's an
open fucking net
oh did I hit that I don't know I don't
think so no somebody hit it no Crispin
Glover shitty things are not fun that
might have been me doing that oh my god
I can't believe that didn't go in here
we go I don't think now is the time to
try and do anything fancy I did it I
stopped it
look I'm clearing balls all over the
blow my god
oh my god I went it rich I'm fuckin do
it I've blown this guy up yep and get
out of here
look at caping fuck you in your car
can't handle mine my jam
can't handle my ping I'm pinging all
over the place come come call me I can't
think of a joking time there was a joke
in there somewhere
I don't know what it was check if you
watch Suspiria probably not because I
don't know what you're talking about
it's a spiria it's a spy right now
no whatever it is no I haven't seen it
I'm going all right I'm here you need
some rocket fuel my friend I do fucking
there rich and clear the ball hang
around in the net waiting for a shot you
can't block I got it I got it I got it
you had a goal you got a school smirk no
not like that I did it I did it rich I'm
not sure what you did how goalie rich
I'm a real going home movies thanks for
thanks for saying that in rocket league
because I'm not paying attention as J
right now then then the answer is no I'm
trying to adjust my play for the random
ping so I'm like trying to aim a little
bit of front in front of where the ball
is yep and that's not helping I think we
were talking about it on the stream
before but we love ourselves from turbo
KITT turbo kid yeah turbo kids the
fucking greatest obviously it's a little
hyperbole they're a little hyper blur
there's pretty damn good it's really I
we had a great time watching it we saw
it here on a projector and it was great
there there were drinks involved which
might have affected my love of it but I
thought it was so fantastic especially
coming from and I know I know Jay
mentioned this but like coming from
something like kung fury where you know
like just the joke is how bad it looks
like it's 80s in this there's a boombox
in the 80s right this got the heart
right it got it got why we loved those
movies right turbo kid yep oh fuck you K
ping I hope tabs ooh Yahoo see how it's
down we're gonna check on the down low
check out the new swag it's done get out
of rocker then yeah you can stay but
we're leaving you guys play okay I'll
take this I'll take this update here
spooky Wednesday spooky Wednesday begins
now
for realsies real zzo dead space search
for game ok update
it's for reals now guys you play first
thing when I play first
oh you play first I'm doing it I've
never played a dead space I've I've not
either spookiness
yeah update our spookiness here shit out
of it
fuck yeah fuck yeah there we come fuck
yeah I think but spooky the fuck out of
it
