Episode 403
Playin' Dead Space (part 1)
October 31, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NY9W7Lo0QV0
___________________________________________

did our spookiness here yeah take this
shit out of it fuck yeah fuck yeah there
we come fuck yeah
I think but spoopy the fuck out of it
make sure that why isn't that thing well
maybe because it's not here hit start
going to options and we're gonna change
the resolution of the day a leg yeah all
the way up just keep going
whatever the obvious there you go
there's the obvious okay
typically you wanted me sink off you can
get it off but oh don't worry I'm sure
it's fine
also there is a lag there's a noticeable
lag sometimes that's because a visa oh
yeah yeah I wasn't totally easy totally
complete great great new game let's do
this I'll tap real quick just so I can
see the full shed no cuz I don't need
broadcaster there we go okay I'm a
medium that's usually where I like to go
I don't know if this game is
particularly hard or easier one no idea
do you think helps against screen
tearing yeah but it also can give you
wag with the controls yeah oh and it
really was it was it was noticeable and
terrible like I'd hit the down and then
yeah pause and then down is there lag
there was there's a lag in the menu only
for vsync now it's no there wasn't
Chad Chad and only for vsync on again I
was talking to the chat I was looking at
your words and not you cuz I can look
you in the eyes now we need in the
future we need to have the camera on the
same side as the monitor oh I suppose we
could do then yeah or we put the camera
over there and then change where we are
one of the other one or the other cuz we
had a good point when we when we first
set up the camera we had it set up with
our heads on the the right side right
and so we would be looking oh it would
almost look as if we were looking to the
edge of the screen yeah that's weird
I wasn't thinking things into that I'm
sure it's fine they're monsters monsters
I'm a scientist in there are monsters I
think I get a sweet laser gun right I
don't know I think it's like monsters
that like do things to corpses much like
the monster from thing oh I couldn't be
wrong about that but I think there's a
body horror okay we're corpses turn into
different types of monsters fuck you too
I'm sure you're a beauty model are you
on the cover of Vogue then they have
then they have room to brag okay thanks
for liking my shirt it's a very simple
shirt and it's kind of cold out this is
exactly why we never wanted the camera
before I came here I had to think about
what I was wearing
okay I guess I can wear this is just a
shirt oh there's no skipping the cuts
like they're ready pop the clock
I can slightly look around you should
turn me turn subtitles on the Start menu
that's a good idea yeah it's very good
idea now try audio now you're thinking
with portals that's a different game
you're extreme portal yeah you know that
would be a good one for when we get the
steam controller yeah that'll be a good
test you know it'll be a good test
what portal 2 come on dog now you talk
in my dogness yeah you talking all up in
that shit yeah
I'm Isaac I'm gonna this is the that's
pretty cool - bye - docking procedures
ago
Jack factors white dad absolutely the
whitest of the white house the dog has
to be dogs the creepier human white
water
that's the scary lady shirt that lady's
shirt is literally tailored for her
giant tits that's the future they have
machines that can do it like there's
their but there's like sewing
there's seam work underneath it briefs
she's a lady largely endowed that's a
tailoring problem you know that cost her
a lot of money to get those shirts
tailored for her boobs you know you're
right you're right and you know if she
wants to she doesn't have that just got
like a lot of fabric just flopping
around under there she wants to show off
her figure and I think like I think
that's great I think that's great
well like your glow spine I like your
glow spin spooky tailoring it's kind of
an ugly character model what do you mean
it is kind of an ugly Cara come on I
like it Oh Oh can't do I can't do the
camera through oh well maybe I just cuz
I'm in here an objective was a tit
that's not follow the security team oh
I'm doing it I'm fuckin up already
fucking figured that out already
do you miss the days when games had
completely separate tutorials and then
once you're playing the actual story
mode you didn't have to bother with any
of that shit you know I don't games do
that anymore that that could be a good
way around it like you remembered rubber
tomb raider and there was like
completely separate from the rest of the
game you go to Laura's mansion I'm just
like a series of obstacle courses with a
bucket kind of putzing around sure and
you can learn the controls of the game
without having the first level of the
game just be ass you know or just like I
much preferred it's just like have the
controls on a screen or a piece of paper
and then you know give me an obstacle
that I can't get around until I use that
particular control if I need to look it
up I can press pause and be like oh
that's what the controls are
look for the blue Holograms
for the blue holograms wait - what I
wasn't paying attention
Oh online I found it I found it
everything's fine
yay I completed the objective change one
more thing which is not gonna like this
oh that's fine no not the y-axis how did
you convert xx I don't know saxis six
axis okay
I think people who don't understand why
somebody would ever want to invert y
yeah
they just assume that everything should
be inverted then they don't really
understand why would they well those I
made it what that to although I think I
think I don't think anybody has ever
switched X that's just a option that's
in there due to ignorance of inverted
Y's did you just grab a hologram and put
it in your pocket what was that
I'm petting my ghost dog look at this
good boy ghost dog good point I don't
hear the uproarious laughter I don't
hear it that's that's acceptable okay
there okay
press right stick okay I was just over
here I mean if I have to do something
with that load damage report yay oh I
was here before they were they were
talking and I was there before train
systems offline and around gonna be
doing out have seems persona game again
is that King King vidiots says I've
played bad games or inverted Y
automatically inverts X and you can't do
anything about it
oh that sounds awful
I used to be inverted iona once I
figured out you could switch shy I did
just for convenience thank you started
running too late I'm running oh my god
it's not a very effective monster no why
do they just leave forgot me you're
standing there right now I could've
easily have crawled in there with you
yeah Oh Jax saved by the scripted
sequence
well maybe they just went in right away
you stupid monster stupid monsters man a
bunch of stupid monsters that's fine
it's gonna be easy these monsters are so
dumb I like the look of it that was a
nice creepy monster that was not me
being sarcastic I genuinely liked the
look of that monster these things are
like I want to touch my king
yeah oh your life
stay over there
oh here we go shoot the limbs off of
enemies for extra damage
fuck yeah sounds fun oh look at this
thing and we'll probably really limited
though Jack sure if they're going for
actual horror there's very limited em oh
sure we'll see right now I only have 10
I'm sure that's the thing you're growing
a big laser to cut so you can open the
door be my guess I like that you know
use the gun prove how you prove you know
how to use the controls and then we'll
let you pass just right trigger is just
punch and right button his foot stop
yeah but he's a scientist right seems
like that's how we would polish okay
what that might have been a glitch him
jumping up in the air like that can I
come in can I come in can I come in can
I come in
you can't I cannot look at this go in
all right are we doing something wrong
was I supposed to be scared and run away
there are items in the boxes oh I can oh
I can probably punch the boxes now why
couldn't I go in the door was that a
glitchy glitch last matter to you okay
click great all right now I'm gonna try
to go in again oh wait more boxes okay
all right
come on Isaac
let's try this again
is there a roll
hold on you know what I need rich be a
running start
let's hit the door what are they saying
I'm looking it's a bug
it's a bargain do we have to start the
game over
we start from checkpoint oh nice
go to quit yeah we have no choice yeah
oh yeah well game I didn't save it again
yeah
you think that was because of vsync what
how would that have anything to do with
losing what
there was a savegame panel in the lobby
well I'll save it this time well we have
to watch all the cutscene vsync you
think that was vsync relaid no I I'm
gonna say I doubt that but somebody's
big fan of vsync apparently even though
it makes the control shit why he
controls all of that this might just be
a cursed stream that's extra spooky
there I like gore comedy I blame NSYNC
girl - you positive ticket friend occur
to you you know you won't make me cry
baby you can't skip any of these they're
saying
vsync is only bad on some games it was
bad on this game earlier well that was
just in the menu once we get into the
game and we'll see how it goes
no an issue with dead space the
workaround is to select quit and then
play rocket League yes that sounds fun
I'm gonna be honest even that sounds fun
okay that's right oh that's true we are
in the cutscene and because we're on
that side of the screen it does look
like they're talking to us remember when
I was playing transformers a good play
we could play we played we've played
Oregon Trail before but we could play it
it seems very spooky did you see the
monsters that was great I saw the
monsters do you give any fucks about the
battlefront beta
no it's a multiplayer only Star Wars
game what about this is something I
would like right and you're not that big
of a Star Wars no I mean you know
moderate I like I like the original
movies sure and a couple of the older
games that's about it for me in Star
Wars so i'm not i'm not hyped about the
universe and i'm not hyped about a
multiplayer only game though yep so and
i just don't give a shit here's the
thing specifically with the star wars
battlefront beta beta and this is
something like I touched on when we
talked about our early access before
early access in beta open betas public
betas are now marketing tools and
everyone who is part of that beta played
into EA like a bunch of violas sharing
they were sharing gifts all over the
fucking place I'm like oh my god look at
this crazy stuff that had like there was
a week solid of free publicity first
hours battlefront I think there are very
legitimate uses for early access open
beta but EA and a Star Wars game is not
a thing that needs that right no that
was 100% marketing your small developer
who needs the funds to keep working on
the game
and who can't just legitimately can't
afford beta testing they need that right
Star Wars Battlefront does not need that
agreed options visuals vsync I've turned
vsync on I know you know I'm I I liked
the old battlefront games I've mentioned
that before I will probably play the new
one when it comes out we might stream it
I don't I can't imagine we do a full
review of it but that open beta test was
nothing but free publicity for them and
I wouldn't be a part of that Oh yep
vsync is a thing that locks your
resolution into a lowered resolution and
that resolution I mean frame rate into a
lower frame rate and also makes your
control shit sometimes you get screen
tearing that's probably because you
don't have your display set up right
it's there is a the lag is not as bad as
in the menu but there is a lag and so
basically Isaac's just gonna be running
into some walls
this way she'll be fine everything
should be fine there's like a there's
like a yeah here's what I would do I
would turn off or do we get past that
door then turn off sure yeah like if I
do that the control stick comes back to
Center before he thats how bad the the
lag is
okay back to spooky
I think I think spooky October Jack in
general a bad idea you think Jesus fuck
this is boring that's the comment I'm
reading right now
Jesus fuck this is boring
it's so boring you know they had to use
the Lord's name in vain and insinuate
that that our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ was engaging in some sort of
intercourse of some manner now where can
I save it probably that thing maybe
maybe I can save it uh after I get my
gun maybe it just started give it a
little time all right
I learned at a time I'm just saying our
last stream was frickin keep talking and
nobody explodes and now we're we're just
kind of watching a man in an ugly
science-fiction costume walk around a
brown room I like his costume I don't
know yeah that's horrible look at that
that's cool I don't just got random shit
masback and that weird ass helmet oh I'm
just kind of ugly I like his little glow
spine I don't like the fake spine at all
oh and you don't like his glow helmet it
looks bad from behind well and that's
what you see 95 no no I'm sorry 99% of
the time yeah we'll just play like this
I don't I don't understand this thing
that's underneath his face on his chest
that doesn't make any sense to me that
seems like it before
I like it oh oh oh shit
the spooky thing was happening hello
coward you running before she told you
to run away I already am what I did not
hear you I started running an hour ago
too busy running away we're running from
the monsters that turned away from us
after we got in this confined space that
there's no escape from alright I'm fine
with that
I like that much that's pretty cool the
sword Handy's little bit like it looked
like another monster was pushing out of
his belly that was cool
saying the glow spine is your health bar
you know what I'd rather him I'd rather
have a heads-up display oh no no I like
I first of all I like the look of a glow
spine and to if it's a if it's a
Hellfire I like it even more a nice nice
that looks like he's crammed into this
suit that's just like a little bit too
snug on him show off my you know what if
that was what if that's part of the
stories like that lady who's in the
front like what if he's trying to like
get with her that's part of the story
he's like this will make this will make
a lady came to really take a
members-only like his gun with this
laser thing look at that that's cool
I'm saying I like to look at I like your
sound effects no I just I'm not that big
on the costume that's all that's all I'm
saying
but I'm wrong apparently my my my my
objective opinion what subject I'm
getting a bad word on him
your subjective my subjective opinion is
wrong not wrong I just disagree with you
that's fine okay no wait there's a save
station in here now I don't know someone
said there was a save station somewhere
cut off their limbs why I said do him
any good
OOP I don't see no save station you know
maybe in here I think people are
screaming for our sound is turned down
so I can't really
you know I'm a little bit disappointed
in what because you got this thing
that's called a cutter right this yep
yeah and you better got this Clearwire
yeah why didn't you have to like move
the laser across to cut the wire oh well
you know maybe I did but I just hit it
like right now twice in a row yeah all
right I guess I could see you being in
at this point oh there was a monster
that's why they were supposed to be a
monster attack um I don't think her up
his limbs or suppose he dead back off
back off
just get the fuck out of there and find
that safe station before you're dead are
you sure and then you're wasting ammo if
he is dead you're wasting ammo and
that's terrible
and you're wasting work oh yeah you can
do that I don't know if that helps but
that's cool
you know that is that's like gangsta
style so by the way I if it was vsync
that caused the alien not to be there
I think that's bullshit yeah you can
turn it off now what do you think yeah
if it's lagging yeah I would totally
turn that off well let's find a safe
station first all right all right just
to make sure I said stomp the body for
extra items I'm not getting any maybe
there's a monster oh I'm not sure I just
read a comment I'm not sure what they're
referring to
I probably shouldn't be stomping the
human body I don't think it matters it's
a body just make kind of makes me a
horrible person where where can I say it
I don't see any safe plan
I do kind of like just stopping this
bloody course I don't think there are
any extra items in it they probably just
wanted to see you stomp the corpse sure
sure
are they telling me where I can save
it's the camera icon in the previous
room can you go back probably not
you probably don't want to I'm not sure
no and I couldn't touch the camera icon
like I was all up in it but they
wouldn't let me know all right then
we're going forward I'm pushing forward
gangsta style you Gangnam style who
would it Isak motherfucker
I was greeting everyone if I could
design a game what would it be like
probably terribly because I'm not a
professional game designer yeah
these replenish my health bar I did I
did make a Mario maker level like
another one other than the one we
strange should we share that with
everyone
yeah that's pretty good I don't remember
what the I think I have the code you say
it's pretty good I think it's a second
effort I think it's fun is what it is
good huh you know it's not it's not
Shakespeare
Temari oh no no I'd say not Shakespeare
in the Park fine here you can take it
for me that's actually a good idea
here's the who's code right I played it
the other day and I am doing it Rich's
level
we not know all right I'm just
convincing laptop cuz I don't wanna have
to all tap out of your game no sir oh my
health is down oh I like that I like
that as spine glow thing I think that's
fun that's not against the health bar
being on the character I just don't like
the way it looks
oh and I hit Send too early oh my god I
got distracted looking up at going
health bars but you can if I can get to
the bridge I should be able to access
the personnel files you fixed the tram
and I'll hope you find it call objective
okay well I think I see a camera right
there this merio save station oh look
it's a giant camera okay so you take a
selfie to save you that works okay
now Jack pressed the heel button I will
I will I will I know okay Louie oh
that's so much smoother
okay what's the heel button now let's
see here
oh oh it's just one button to heels its
X to heel okay how much how do they work
health how do you you know pick up for
like little little packets okay
and you can you have to you have to
manually use them yeah I like that you
didn't save I did no I didn't you didn't
save it's coming up again this time in
all caps okay okay no look I saved just
do it again
it's fine right yes I died saved it was
there I pressed the button okay what are
these things
workers plasma XE yeah okay great small
that back great okay here we go open it
up sweet no not really
you that right there is just the door
work you you you you
there was a spooky thing here earlier
there's an Xbox container don't forget
to open that was deliberately designed
to look like the original Xbox this game
was that like an exclusive from this
game right wow I didn't see that coming
Oh as you well know aiming with the
controller is difficult yeah as I well
know yes so I was taking my time and I
was aiming proper oh this time you drop
some goop some money juice give me some
money goofy do you really want that
money badly a lot of money you're just a
poor space scientist man there need to
be some hundreds in there I can I just
can't imagine at this point you're even
concerned with money okay great save why
not
there's a savefile say same horizontal
aim take the legs out oh that's fun I
got a feeling it'll crawl around in
those bigger arms though yeah it seems
like taking out the arms is more we'll
see you don't try it try it there might
be fun okay
this is I'm going through the game
because i no speaka think I ever have it
be careful
shouldn't them in the body didn't seem
to work go for the limbs just remember
them through the job this is now the
Tiffany one by dismembering it when we
lands to do an x-ray image cut off limbs
to go quickly wait cut off limbs to kill
quickly dismembered enemies to slow them
okay money right I wonder how long is
this game I mean it's a full game so
over 20 hours 20 hours issue with the
pacing in a game like this be better if
it were just quicker like like paced
like an actual movie in a game that's
trying to be cinematic with it be better
off shorter rather than just overstaying
their welcome you're just going on too
long
I know people hate short games I usually
don't know the alien isolation effect no
I just think they need they need you
know an atmosphere that will hold you
but do monsters stop being scary once
you've been looking at them for 15 hours
yes plus an additional you know 10 more
to go
at some point isn't it just oh yeah more
of those things yes absolutely
question is are you just too slow or is
it another way around I think I said I
need to repair the door you know I of
course I wasn't paying attention
replace the damaged Fran
I don't I don't have any strong opinions
on this game so far one way or the other
anything I've said that snarky is just
be trying to be fun who's kind of
straight beyond argue I don't know
there's this thing oh oh oh that's right
once again they're teaching me I need to
use my my stasis module which slows down
time
they've taught me are there this is then
teaching me something which I like that
I don't know how to use my thing xzx
hold down trigger and press back
that's spooky look at that look at that
ghost course like The Exorcist Sam's
waiting for disturb spit dog green pea
soup
yeah oh I know I can use it on monsters
now I was confused momentarily but I
that is good that is good competent game
design saying you cannot pass this
barrier unless you you know this
specific mechanic and I appreciate that
in game design sometimes yes you guys
know I ain't the quickest to pick up on
things like that and of course half
paying attention to the stream or to the
game because of this ring
and the reason I made that length
comment is cuz just watching this I'm
thinking this would probably be really
neat if it were shorter before it got
old
cuz I'm actually not hating it so far I
don't really have one strong opinion one
way or the other I haven't even I
haven't even touched it myself jack is
the only one that's playing so do you
wanna play whenever you're tired I mean
I'm relatively enjoying this I think the
length would help well you know it's but
again it's not length its pacing mm-hmm
and the you know I think the problem
that you and I share the problem that
you and I share with horror games in
general is they're just too slow they're
trying to be Atmospheric activate
ah the core games that played I don't
know that I'd say the problem is just
that they're slow they're slow and
you're not doing much in them but alien
isolation just feels like a stealth game
watered down fewer options
cuz that's supposed to be spooky yeah
unless you can do but it just feels like
a watered-down stealth game yeah yeah
still there's a big problem
annually that's close to initiate
repairs Oh neat great see that's fun
look at oh look at that monster
I love wait am I want to look at your
belly yeah look at that monster that's
fun it's an okay monster okay it's got
arms coming out of its belly that's fun
how do you switch the orientation of the
thing right bumper okay so you know like
yeah and then when you're holding you
know left trigger to to aim and then if
you press X while holding left trigger
that's when you get super slo-mo mode
Jack what would you say is a scariest
game you've ever played the scariest
game like a game I've genuinely been
scared playing yeah thief the dark
project for me but I think everyone
knows that I don't know I don't know if
I've ever been scared playing game I
don't I I find horror to be amusing I
love like I love grotesque things and
you know bloody awful things so like
when I see monsters I'm not so as much
scared as I am like look like I'm like
I'm excited because I finally got to the
fun stuff does that I've told the story
on the stream before but there's new
people and all the time so sure the
thief the dart project thief's like one
of the pretty much the original stealth
game highly immersive though I think I
think people playing it now I might not
get that because very old and and the
the 3d graphics are the equivalent of
like stick figures but highly immersive
game and it's a stealth game so you're
very weak to begin with the enemies are
very powerful so you're there's that
natural kind of fear of running and
doing like a guy who's gonna kick your
ass
because you're just you're not a tank
and thief right and then I'm playing
this one game where you have to break
into a hammer right prison and at this
point I don't know that there are
supernatural monsters in the game I have
no idea so I'm sneaking around this mind
trying to find a way into the prison and
this is Corp something wrong and this
Corp jumps up and screams at base now I
have no idea there are monsters in the
game and it's a highly highly immersive
game so I'm like in the game and this
thing jumps out screams at me I
immediately like like in reality I
jumped out of my sleep huh and then I
started first thing I do I just started
backpedaling away from this monster and
when I back pedaled I fell down a mine
shaft I fell a few stories I broke my
legs and then I was eaten by a giant
spider at the bottom of the mine shaft
this is the most afraid I have ever been
the video game had produced a genuine
shocked horrified reaction where I
physically jumped out of my seat I have
to do here and I think I'm just doing it
wrong so I can I can press this button
which is probably gonna correct me yeah
I can only hit the tram repair when both
claws are attached but one claw doesn't
stay attached for very long so I try to
use my slow down time thing what's
supposed to happen
I have a slow down time thing yeah
what's is that SPO from the slow down
time is why the monsters moving slow is
there a moan oh how many uses do you get
on the slowdown time I just have to
recharge yeah that's what stays that's
what that is like that stays history
okay maybe I'm just maybe I need to slow
down time first and then press the
button
what's the problem what do you have to
do so both of those arms need to be
attached to that yeah and I need to
press this module yeah
but the you know to get this arm to go I
need to press this button over here and
the arm does not stay attached for very
long you sure you pressed it right at
first for a little bit why aren't you
making your way up to hit the button huh
why aren't you immediately running to
hit that button after you hit the button
down before I do time I get up here
right shoot hit the claw shoot the claw
shoot the claw
Oh hit the hit the arm with the stasis
not the button hit the arm with the
stays yeah oh I shoot the stasis oh I
just thought the stasis was like that oh
no no I'm parently not oh well then
there you go
yeah stasis is a thing you shoot stasis
is the thing you shoot okay okay great
teaching through gameplay Thank You Jan
you did it the tram is walking the whole
system when they get the computer online
you'll be able to call the tram from the
control room faster the better
I can't have something crawling around
up there
mr. character said anything
how do you feel about the seven
antagonist yeah I'm okay with that only
because it means I get to I get annoyed
with the silent protagonist when other
characters act like you're talking to
them if you're gonna if you're gonna do
silent protagonist dude go go whole hog
yeah
when other people like are having a
conversation with you that just pulls me
out it has the opposite effect of what
the silent protagonist is supposed to
accomplish yes I can agree with you with
that but no I like it you know I like I
like my own stories when I'm gaming
bodies did you reject Mass Effect styles
need when you get to pick what you say
and there's a wide variety of choices
you've never even played medicine no I
hate dialog traded acquired I hate it
because usually in that dialogue tree is
just something I don't care about it
would never say or I dislike dialogue
trees do much do you want to return to
the Haunted Cathedral the return to the
Honda Cathedral had me pissing my
goddamn pants that's another key thing
not sure
no no all right I was I was cowering
under some stairs when the the ghost who
was a brother Morris I forgot his name
started talking to me telling me what I
needed to do next but at that time I was
cowering under the stairs in the Haunted
Cathedral Oh God Oh God toilets turrets
I think I think before you can pull off
an effective horror experience in a game
you need to first pull off an effective
immersive experience elaborate like I
always felt like I was in a game in
Elliot isolation because I was always
looking for the next linear button that
I had to press them you couldn't deviate
from that path at all you don't go on in
the story very ad to be yeah yeah and
and and literally one path to be I need
to feel like I'm in that world before I
can feel afraid of something in that
world it's like we're playing soma the
whole I wasn't I wasn't worried about
what was around the next corner because
I was what's the next thing I have to
press and it was half depressed
half the rest yeah what is literally the
one thing I couldn't what is the only
thing I can do next that will progress
me yes
look
sorry dude oh oh no he look he went
through the wall oh all this talk of
ghostbusters the game I need the play of
next week
ghostbusters the game this is the only
sequel that ghostbusters need needed egg
we can't wait we could stream it but we
shouldn't because it's very dialogue
heavy and with those characters and
those actors returning to do that
dialogue that's all you want to hear you
don't wanna hear us blather on oh my god
you know how many uses do you get out of
the stasis rez out I have no idea these
are all important things these are
important things but you know so far the
stasis chambers have been pretty
plentiful because you're kind of in
tutorial exactly exactly so I haven't
really worried about I do worry about
these guys popping back up which is why
I'm stomping them like I don't want them
to pop up behind me
