Episode 405
Playin' Dead Space (part 3)
November 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkJkmmJrsqc
___________________________________________

oh you can stomp on them to a bear oh
and later you get a flamethrower that's
Oh hold on hold on I gotta unpack my
Mexican jumping beans they know they're
the corpses they just ate too many
Mexican jumping beans that's why they
died I know that's a glitch because of
the whole vsync finger whatever but that
doesn't mean that that's not funny and I
will not accept like half second behind
lagging fucking controls trolls are more
important than a graphical glitch I'm
just pissed my no deathrun guy got
stopped by his price thing I didn't know
about we need more help
we don't have the resources to deal with
this you know what I haven't seen the
Martian yet and I'm debating reading the
book our same movie booting the walkers
in any way I've heard good things about
the boy first pretty faithful
yeah no that was Nicole right I can't
tell from here when that log was made
I'm sure she's fine
hey hmm which is a baby yeah baby I'm
gonna throw you get back here GIMP
where are you going
Oh being a sassy baby
oh you don't like having your arm ripped
off strip off another one space jackass
sometimes I feel sad I stopped a baby
till he's dead wait who oxygen recharge
areas gonna be without air later
how can you tell it's so weird is it
because there's a thing to reject your
oxygen but it doesn't need to be
recharged yep what
yeah I know where's the key oh there's
the key
oh my god Deena's pomona on that day
humanity learned who the real monster it
was damn straight he kills all the
babies damn straight we haven't had a
baby born last 15 years we keep trying
to hide them from rich I keep finding
them and chasing them cutting our arms
off baby baby baby this oh baby mama
baby mama got no leg you like what I did
your mama
get out of town
Oh bye mama oh no oh you got you got
cocky
yeah cocky that baby's mom I'm gonna
fucking body slamming that baby yeah all
babies
did you just punted a baby that's
awesome monsters monsters yeah I know
I'm right here
oh we need more baby bunting
like 30% more baby bunting Heineken
Skywalker I'm I'm sure even with the
camera Jay will still show four streams
he shows up whenever he feels like it we
you know that's how it works it's not
comfortable he can always sit off camera
exactly but yes I'm sure he will still
show up to the occasional stream and if
he really doesn't want to do it with a
camera we'll shut the camera off I would
assume that with or without the camera
Mike still won't show up because he just
doesn't show up that's nice and creepy
I like that cut her own fucking neck
with a bone saw fuck yeah that's my face
yeah you wanted to jump on and then
throw down in front it's already done
Mike Mike has been here for exactly two
streams that was pretty early video
games just artist thing and kind of
chatting aimlessly is kind of not
probably not going to happen he is
invited to every stream as is rich rich
shows up more often unfortunately
oh it's a my Knock oh look at that
how would I stop that
oh there we go
stop the my narc
/ if you are like I need low but no
house
any day
those tents yeah yeah
you're still on like no health well just
part of the business stopping Minox
doing the captain's records right now
head to the translation and I'll contact
you there I thought rich was gonna die
and I didn't want him to die so I know
it doesn't matter he's already died once
well I you know everything that happens
after that it's just an imaginary story
sure I gotta get in there right I don't
know what you gotta do this glowing
things everywhere like a like a moss
yeah that's the game go towards the
glowy thing
backstory yeah
right
what what just chat chatting
no rich hasn't it saved lately it's our
safe station yeah well I restarted
shortly after getting eaten by those
little things I don't think I don't know
if dying necessarily takes you like you
know all the way back to me
are you gonna you're gonna get to me
before I cut your fucking arm off it's
more food to shoot it was more shit to
shoot where are you sitting fucking
babies on say any fucking torso monsters
throw me a fucking my Knock riches
itching tick which is itching for some
baby kicking punting Jack we call it
baby punting kick implies that the baby
doesn't go flying I kicked that baby
you'd be damn sure goes to the goalpost
all the things we're doing here is
bullshit just make it through this and
you're gonna be fine it's like okay she
was great after high school you know I
never went back to high school ever and
I had heard through like the grapevine
that she had died and I felt really sad
like no she she was if he was important
to me she she literally taught me that
high school was not important and that
was a big lesson for me as a tribute for
everyone obviously you should graduate
high school but you know I think there's
a lot of pressure put on high school
then that doesn't need to be there and
she was a good lady she taught me a lot
of things and I heard she passed away I
felt really sad about that and then like
a year and a half later I saw her and as
it turns out it was just a rumor that
she died and she had not died oh that's
good but I had like I'd mourned her I
was like oh you're a ghost or maybe she
was a girl fine no that was glad that
she didn't die maybe it was her twin
sister just trying to make you feel
better
I actually didn't you know what I didn't
say I did not like I didn't talk to her
when I saw her she's used to students
singer and she's sick she's sick of
having the conversation just having fun
with it at this point right did she make
you stand up on her desk no she ran the
school newspaper and she taught me a lot
about you know life lessons she taught
me a lot about editing and how important
it is to you know write your idea and
then you can write something once and it
can suck and then you can change things
and you can edit you can move things
around she's a good lady and she might
be dead now it's been how old was she
she's older yeah so it's quite possible
she's dead now
well she lived to a somewhat ripe or old
age than you thought exactly that really
it's all you can ask for yeah oh there's
a mom so I haven't stopped on yet
suits oh that's not even creepy I'll say
that monster we're supposed to squawk in
here now but I'm looking up at those
that was the plan oh what's that oh oh
my god when you're scared about the
suits oh they were just suits
monster yeah I'm totally the monster no
I think we're I think we're getting uh
we're getting a nice where you were
getting to that more of months of
variety I think like there's the basic
yeah you know there there's your foot
soldier monster which is the vagina arms
Scissorhands that's your basic and now
we're gonna start to see some more
variety which is nice
all right
our three notes
this way here
vaginas yeah those month like there's
those monsters that have like the giant
like vaginas coming out of their stomach
and then two little arms coming out of
the I'm just gonna say mm-hmm yeah oh
thanks that beer is great yeah I like
those reason to vape ads those were fun
to do you know I've never actually seen
them yeah yeah my idea will never come
to be no your I didn't know and it was a
great idea
did we were talked about that I don't
think so but if you would like to again
I'm too busy for shooting monsters yeah
I don't know how many people on the chat
know the deal in the first place with
the vape ads oh yeah those it was some
commissioned work that I did for Johnson
Creek which is a vapor cigarettes
that's health right yeah I
it says I'm full but I can't heal oh
your inventory is full in general so
you're carrying too much shit database
oh I put her on one day all right I
figured it would max me out with ammo I
didn't know it was an inventory thing
where I wouldn't have room oh okay yeah
shit yeah you gotta get rid of some of
those plans mom you know not only easy
enough to do
but the next monster yeah yeah oh not
well they're not easy advertisements
they're like and so I did some
commercials for them and they were
looking for you know I did some standard
commercials that's the stuff that
Tiberius Kirk is sharing and I think
those came out those came out fine they
were cute fun to do but then they were
looking for some more or like viral
content and I didn't really have much to
go on and so it's not going with rich
about it one day and rich came up with a
really fun idea which was the Marlboro
Man style it was gonna be like 1970s see
the old version of the vape which is
gonna be like Marlboro Man and he's on a
horse and the horse is carting like this
giant like steam work contraption that's
like those old rail cars right right
the marvel man he gets off the horse and
he walks over to the contraption and he
he starts like pulling this chord starts
going and then smoke actually starts
coming out of the engine
and then he picks up this little tube
that's on the machine like that was a
nice it from that and then they and then
the line was gonna be East cigarettes
have come a long way
that's 1975 yeah and then I do the same
with like those Virginia slim ads like
take the famous cigarette advertisements
of past but then like make an
e-cigarette that would be from that era
make it just big and ridiculous and I
thought that was a really fun night yeah
and I talked to him about it and you
know just for a budgetary and time
reason
never came through but I still think
it's a fine idea does this thing that
Kirk
oh there's oh there's a thing here it's
button you've come that's right you've
come a long way baby
though but they were 80s until you make
it look like a big cassette player yeah
like a boombox I'd be built into a
boombox the new the new Virginia Babe
Ruth of boombox the Bulls ape the boom
babe yeah
so yeah you know have I ever done any
voice work no only only in videos that
I've made Oh looking at the chat I'm
guess I'm gonna have to murder these
fucking helpless monsters
that one likes to get right up being a
joke
which is nice because it makes me a
target finish the job
job worth doing this is a job worth
doing right
I just love that it was a big pile of
you know I didn't pick a good time to
buy a shitload of ammo yeah this is fun
anybody you said that assault rifles
yeah you can throw grenade with the
right bumper with yep because and I
would rather boxes tiny monsters might
come out of there later upstairs yeah
did whichever do laugh acting yeah rich
um rich has sold his laugh to several
CBS sitcoms oh god that would be so
great to be used to pepper into to get
royalties on that shit right because you
know no one laughs at normal CBS sitcom
so rich rich you'll find rich Evans
laughter just peppered in I get it today
I get it do you get it I get it I was a
joke
need to shoot more tightest I appreciate
you saying that I do good voice work
it's you know if if I ever get a chance
to do actual voice work I will say yes
shame what that I can't pick up anything
what you know I like that that's that
makes that makes the things you pick up
valuable how do I get rid of things I'm
sure there's a way you can
I don't even entirely want to I just I'm
sure there's a way you can drop it yeah
can you move your camera so we can see
the bottom of your map so I would say
select it Oh bother I have seen those
videos where they remove the laugh track
from the Big Bang Theory and I think
it's highly appropriate you can put them
in the safe and Lulu I can't read that
rest of that is it notification at the
store or like a need to find a store
basically I need to find my way back to
where I need to go Batman voice says
will you do voice work for me Jack just
so you know I won't pay you and the
writing is just just terrible sure why
not why not Batman voice
what's the project yeah boys work sure
either too many people on here is that
what it's freaking out about I need to
get rid of the monsters oh it's too
heavy
I'd be funny what do you want from me
yeah I mean you obviously need to do
something yeah I'll work for pizza rolls
is what does the chat saying about this
shit I'll work for beer you want to send
me some beer yeah well you know you have
more than one objective you can change
them on the map
Hey there you go
would this game be better as an FPS
ah you know I I think because it is
third-person it gives you that wider
field of view which you wouldn't have to
look at that ugly character model I
think it works it would be nice if they
gave you the option there's another
thing that they can do that's one thing
they can do switch from first to third
person some games no no um oh it says
you missed a lever you meant to pull
down with your stasis all right where is
that it oh is that is it that thing that
says pull down I get it I get it I
understand thing baby baby
job
where baby another baby I like it cuz it
looks like a chemise ah I've never I've
never gotten to drink doing the best of
the worst I used to drink more during
them but you know with some of the
movies we watch recently I would just
get too tired and I think I'd fall
asleep I don't want to do that go back
alright god what am i what now what do
you people want from me they say please
it's right there
what is what right there I did the thing
did you save do they want you to save
explain what you want I don't I don't
know the route there's a Ripper
schematic so I gotta get something out
of my inventory alright alright
is your Ripper the laser gun is it a way
to upgrade your legs again because then
usually definitely yeah this is some
kind of new fangled thing if they're
saying you need it you need it they ask
the sudden the assault rifle was useless
I don't know that I trust anything they
say it's another schematic right or
somewhere 100 they say you can use a
stasis pack like to refill your your uh
your force power that's what that is
Hey there you go the rippers pretty damn
neat they say okay
they may need another suit upgrade is
what we need sure
oh they say it's a chainsaw
I like it yeah I'm down with that
I'm the monster I should have a chainsaw
oh is that what that curvy yeah yeah I
thought that at first I thought that was
back up health I thought that was your
your reserved sure also do you have any
health back no but I got an assault
rifle and I like killing babies
the river is that Shahrukh enlightening
gun they say it's a chainsaw
I want a chainsaw hey rich when you were
going for Mike's janky answer part of
that question
no it wasn't scripted nothing no no I
think the real question is were you
genuinely trying to get it that way
those things they look like they're like
doing a little they killed me Jack and I
was deafness before that I will
eternally hate them flatlander too has a
really smart observation why would
anyone install health and power
indicators on their back never be able
to see them it should be on the arm
should be there my guess is it's for its
for team excursions no of course that's
yes
because it's a video game
I think rich was genuinely mad or Mike
poured booze on it yeah a little bit
annoying because that that took the bit
a little too far there's a nice shirt
he's farm booze on it right then you
know you still gotta like go home go
home smelling like booze cuz there was
booze in that that was not a that would
I mean of course it was a big ridiculous
giant class but the booze get over here
refreshing freshing i love it find it
find it very amusing that it's like
booze and soda no no
can I get enough for the stuff I sell
dad would be worth it
there was spire cell
inventory that sell the prices seem
absurd it's more than what I paid for
them I'm not dressed try one see what
happens
speaking of that there's the best of the
worst
we've been jackin it where mike singing
they spit out a tooth or something and
your reaction seemed like you were
pissed were you actually pissed oh no
Mike spit out an ice cube and I don't
know how was pissed I think I was just
surprised people actually think that was
a tooth you know I don't know I don't
understand what people think I don't
understand also you should know that
we're all friends it would take a lot
more than just spitting a chunk of ice
to get us this day nothing
he said yes he did think it was it -
yeah the safes fine everything's fine
right I got ammo so I can shoot furnace
I'm going full Rambo if you haven't
noticed I'm going full Rambo and I'm
going on I'm going with the offense
I actually sent some hate text no oh no
like like I said Anna here's here's the
real truth I don't remember that we
filmed that I'm sure a long time ago I
just don't remember if it was something
that I was pissed at him for I would
have remembered it but man he's bitter
thing
now the centrifuges offline we've got
four trillion tons of rock hanging off
our ass and without that centrifuge
about a monster's gravity cousin suppose
for instance on a colony can't find any
monsters I need blood monsters in here I
crave blood monsters in there I need to
kill the darkness rises inside of me
served my Dark Master will take over
jack but I have no master you are the
dirt I am the darkness
we're come in here I want to shoot you
just one I saw
eating you outside there yeah wow man
taken the worst out of rich I think rich
is really enjoying himself who's taking
the what the worst out of me what this
is this game is taking the worst out of
you are making doors out of you maybe
that's right that that does sound like a
doctor claw voice I'll get you next time
doctor claw you like watching me voice I
do faces when I void when I make voices
it helps me make the voice and it's
weird for me that you get to see those
faces now because normally you don't
he almost used that awesome alt fire I
don't know if you've noticed he hasn't
really needed it I can use for my
machine gun
I'm not a big explosives guy in games
yeah
nice but you know what usually they end
up blowing me up more than anyone else I
was on I find it more satisfying to put
500 rounds into something intensely
satisfying sure I'm with you I don't
like a well-placed explosion explosion
now in that it's a sometime street it's
a sudden that's it sometimes tricky
right it's like your cookie it's a
sometimes but yet that's too obvious I
am it's behind me
I'm gonna walk over here mm-hmm I'm good
Oh Oh what's the ad know that close
enough maybe oh I picked inventory fault
nope no reason because I my inventories
for today gold semiconductor you
probably want that that's like a new
face Gold I could buy some machine guns
ever that do Kermit the Frog you were
misinformed the on fire for the pulse
rifle this bullet disco oh that could be
interesting yeah I don't know if I can
do a Kermit impression yeah what do I
drop Jack
Kermit the Frog you Kermit the Frog you
know talk from your your uvula yeah it
also helps if you make the voice no my
Kermit the Frog more sounds like a line
though from pork pork in space maybe
poor parking space sounds like Kermit
the Frog could be picky no I can't do a
good current why tease me why tease me
with that monster hole that's what rich
there's all the moms get over here on
the dance floor girl
AirCam I wonder I wonder if I will need
air soon I don't know there's a guy
there we are that was it was it that was
the old fire what happened nothing
oh it fires three bullets in three
different directions we cast lame ass is
that all it does yeah that's weak yes
lame ass
I'll hold it I have to hold it alright
it's alright it's a bullet umbrella
you get he's learning guys look at that
poor fuck
noting forever
how am I supposed to get in there well
let me get in and one week let me get
out this back up a little bit
No
Oh perfect spot the fine yeah whatever
no there's been in dude right now what
all right all right magic wine well
there's also a glow box like what our
sir
you think I pay attention to what's
going on
what is the wine one where's the line
the line is the line has abandoned me
your ghost dog is just going to the
bathroom it's okay how did you do not
press the button right
oh sorry I did that right in the mic I
was cracking - our clutches must be
engaged to start the centrifuge power
clutches within clutches girl oh here's
a thing
please activate touches well that's just
a screen that's not gonna well yeah I
know that's right there don't we glitch
he froze No
oh I read is there no air in here did I
run out of here what there might not
have been air in there
did it have a countdown on your back I
don't recall seeing one but I wasn't
paying that much attention here what
killed me
ran out of o2 okay really oh wait this
way and you started care wailing yes I
thought that was funny I didn't see the
countdown thing and shit happens
I'm not to worry sir
oh it says nothing to do with o2 you
just glitched out yeah that was not an
o2 thing that this room has oxygen in it
unless the glitches that it's not
displaying I don't know you all these
guys are forever hey friend know if it's
out of our - you have are you doing
buddy I'm sorry strong dose that I don't
know chat all the time what did you say
what did you say
strongest I'm coming
half in the bag or best the worst should
do a special edition where they go see
three stage theater performance and then
have a discussion no no do care for the
theater no no I don't think any of us
careful
so I I don't think it would be a very
good discussion because also we don't
know anything about the theater which is
probably why we don't care for it nope
the answer is no that's how I do this
you gotta stick it in there
not sound
you show me what's on the inside and
show me what's in the whole time I was
in that alien home like that monster
whole have to not be spinning
I'm not shooting monsters and I'm losing
interest quickly look at that spin again
isn't he funny
did you try slowing it down how right so
we had to do with the last puzzle
thank jab or is it just you know just me
hey Jack the only only because that is
exactly what we had to do with the last
one yeah just slightly different I had
to point to
yeah that's not that great the magical
four completely surrounded yes
thanks Batman voice for designing a
limited-edition pre-reg t-shirt very
funny well what our customer is
disagreeing with you with your bullet
umbrella assessment because they were on
the floor rich no I mean in general
though unless you unless you're
completely surrounded right floor or not
whatever this is waste
it's just a waste point forward and
shoot them yeah you're not wasting any
bullets then it waste bullets has four
or five in Tory's inventory slots filled
with bullets there are going to be a lot
of monsters in this game and I intend to
shoot every single one of them in the
face as you should be
that is an important question up to us
now
I don't know it doesn't matter
everything matters last question eggnog
scan the chat dating there's an
important question okay right
don't even try any attention that well
very horribly confused
Nik 10:20 yeah I've heard of Steel
Panther they have they're kind of the
throwback hair metal band
I believe hopefully that's correct I
should look at you because I can talk to
Annette yeah I've heard of them I get it
not necessarily my thing if that's them
if there's something else than I don't
know
Oh heaven again
did air turn off at some point or is
that just a that's just a bug I think
that is just that yeah you know what
that might be a vsync
that might be a vsync glitch that's it
seems like a very strange glitch I will
say that
I guess we'll have to pay more attention
to see if maybe an oxygen thing does
I loved my job stomping monsters is my
job stop monsters in the face you know
some people go to work and you know it's
just a paycheck to them but for me it's
about the artist I hand a car the rooms
in my boot every morning so I can get a
fresh one this kind of stuff that
motivates however zero-g walk there dirt
dance for me stripe 696 has an idea he
says it's not oh - it's because you are
jumping at platforms at 2:00 sharp and
angle okay maybe it did happen in the
same area right
yeah I think Jay would like the the
monster design in this it's it's neat
what is the right door now
what's it matter what the writers
so what is the right angle apparently
that turn on the same now there's an air
thing oh okay oh shit oh shit
what was that I got hit by a spinning
thing Oh kill some monsters gonna stand
here while I'm looking for I god
that's when I think Jay Jay would not
like your same as Jay doesn't play games
yeah Jay would like to look at this game
for a little bit and enjoy some of the
characters yes it's we've learned this
about Jay this is known this is
something oh no no this is something I
think a lot of gamers need to come to
grips with which is there are just
people who okay and they're probably
never gonna play games and they're just
not people who enjoy games and we need
to be okay with that
we should be happy that nice we should
be happy that J can appreciate games
even though he doesn't play them smart
you get splattering nope nope it's but
you know like it's the same for for like
movie people and you know movies are a
little more accessible than games but
you know there are just some people who
don't care about seeing movies there are
some people who don't care about reading
books comic books any sort of something
I was a while back it was just like I
think gamers know just face down
I do think gamers are a little more
strongly reactionary towards their
particular phone just because they're
saying Jay has played games and streams
how many of them involve shooting and
accuracy this is zero Jay has played
games on the stream before and they are
very few and yeah he played a little
outlast he played ducktales he enjoyed
that
he played outlast you kind of phoned
around he didn't need to shoot at things
he played he played a little bit of that
Inc game no he has played games
I guess what we're saying is settle down
he did he played duck sale him
did he play punch-out with us I forget
people are saying it is then he kind of
be glass Joe wasn't that that was this
big accomplish yeah that's true Jay does
care about human misery are you still
looking back together I have to tank
which may be stupid because this is
probably the airlock right here might be
yeah a new sup was gonna come I knew it
I wasn't expecting this though should
that be smile
before you go forward I believe there
was a safety factor we're back through
that door to the airlock no I'm not
going to be your life forget that's
without that yeah that's a monster all
right it wasn't any that monster hole
was Annie Annie
um you know I don't know if anyone finds
this game scary I I could you know see
you know like back in the day maybe you
know when I first came out I feel like
I'm small game hunting but it's
enjoyable it is very enjoyable game i
but but also I don't understand how
people find anything scary so they need
to be immersed in to be fully fully
immersed even then you need to feel
vulnerable but you need to allow
yourself to feel vulnerable like and
like I just I can't get there the the
allowing comes from the immersion
I think the immersion is very important
maybe it's the controller you know like
it's a I know it's it's a game like I'm
really scared if I you know get to Olmec
instil unki and I'm going for a hell run
you know I get scared then
I'm wanting more variety either
environments or monsters yeah this is
what I said shorter it came like this
focus short taste getting paste well
yeah of the spaceship of course which is
you know like that's the gift of the
game right is that you're stuck in the
spaceship yeah but like a different
section with a different color scheme
would be really nice at this point
agreed that's something like this only
it's more of like a roguelike and
there's randomly generated ship ship to
find your way out of mm-hmm that could
be that could be fun all just kind of
eerie enough like what if you have to go
through like the garden few hours long
like a movie even more like like if this
was like a this was a 5 hour game you
know like I understand why people
complain about that they spend $50 they
had 5 hours that sucks of the games that
we play aboard I've had I've had five
hour games but they're extremely
playable I love them to death it seems
something like this might not be that
replayable so I get it yeah
and then I'm going to lock the door to
peel storage you can get to the engine
chamber from there she telling me one
more monsters aren't oh that's that's
nice apparently later there actually is
a garden deck though hey that's great
I'm very glad that that happens later
but you know you know we're getting to
that point where that needs to happen
sooner hopefully well I guess you're
going somewhere new right now so maybe
that's happening right now as maybe as
we're complaining about it it's about to
happen what am I supposed to go he
almost got you
look I need air you can wait I'll shoot
you you know wait
yeah I believe he does have to make
innovation
I don't know was rocking big McGee on X
I hope it goes that I hope more people
can play that game too
apparently they
very
berries are
really linglong that feels like a
distraction
that's neat though it is monsters behind
me I'll just do the bullet dance
something I'm fine oh you know what
maybe that's not as distracting maybe
that's the setup to a distraction you
know like you see that guy yeah now
you're gonna see another guy like that
later it's all fine it's all fine yes
something's gonna fire in the forum so
we need a storm
oh the Ripper the Ripper that's right
the chainsaw bonesaw is ready we
couldn't afford the Ripper before yeah
we're we're our money we had no money
but now we got money don't get that
Ripper and you can't sell stuff so what
sells and shit will get a rip another
grape here to be great when we can rip
people's face off I suppose we can do
that with our boot
rapping pieces of shit
guess who's way up on your shenanigans
wine racks no idea you got him pick it
up take it with you
Matt
rich wants environment and enemy variety
he likes using the pulse rifle remember
games are supposed to be entertaining
and so he wants to use the weapon that
feels best to him something just moved
over there for one I used the cutter for
the longest time you know in the
beginning of the game then I've used
this for relatively less long for
another I don't have another weapon yet
as soon as I get my hands on that Ripper
I plan on trying it oh I need I need I
need juice for my psychic shit oh yeah
and that's right gobbledygook it's hard
to be scared when you're a badass like
rich you think Rambo is scared fuck now
think the terminators scared uh-uh like
she's here fuck shit
this game secured me yet I'm running
around looking for things I can stop
I don't think fear has entered the
equation yet look look and that's not a
criticism I'm enjoying myself but I
would not say I were scared rich is
playing the Robocop dead space mod
basically I'm suing that explodes
come on come on you can do it do it come
on oh look you're making baby's first
steps yeah Elmo you got you're slow
you're just go for me
die what I'm never shooting barrels
again I was lame what do I drop I guess
I don't need help that bad forget it's
fine oh you don't need it you don't need
oh you've been you've been doing me
shockingly well with with little health
I can throw barrels with Kinesis that's
good they do more damage what I throw
them with Kinesis I expect things to go
splat when I shoot a fucking barrel all
right what was I gonna do shoot those
guys I would recommend shooting those
guys
now we're not gonna do we're probably
not gonna do space really right I'm glad
I'm glad I finally got to like see what
this game is all about I know it's it's
been on my life I should play this list
for a while now and I'm glad if I
finally get a chance to did he just drop
a lollipop she dropped his hand oh I
guess that makes more sense
can you pick up that saw look over there
there's like this saw blade on the
ground where go to the next room
nope just come back the room you are in
now forget it there's like a right
behind you oh can you pick that up and
throw it at you probably
like saw people and have no it's fine
it's fine yeah awesome just made me
waste my stasis I'm so bad I'm very I'm
sorry thank you not even a little bit no
I mean I was half-assed lying about and
I called you out on it yeah I think I
think that's all fair yeah stand by for
sequence which means monsters are gonna
pop out while that's loading usually
yeah here we go
suck it
hey I got one
this motion is all a spin on the girls
spit on your rich
damn dog
damn dog
forget about Moo go good with YouTube 16
times were da get another day you call
me cuz I can't come home I sold
companies don't do do do do do
okay but strange song she's right there
I'm gonna walk in song we're working
yeah another day killing monsters nail
it's a living remember
no a tune that must mean it's bad
I've been a large part of my life
oh fuck off
I've never played any sports Richard
you're the played in school now
I did a little bit you know the teenager
I just wanna quit very far and I did not
like it
Aaron they're all dead
other thing about horror games yeah also
hard to get too scared when every time
you die you just respawn in the previous
room yeah but I mean what's the what's
the the band's thing I do you know we'll
be fine
I think that's a tough balance because I
know like I know there were those
sections an alien isolation where you
know that your last checkpoint was way
the fuck back there then you had to go
through the whole boring ass sequence
again it definitely made death a little
more meaningful but it was boring so I'd
rather just get to the game part but
like even I don't know if this is a
horror game I think this is the kind of
more action-oriented yeah
you have those line racks but you want
to take over are we getting ready to
call yeah I'm done
I'm telling that easy we were on normal
we were on normal mode for dead space
not easy mode
Mario Mario 42 sloshed from DuckTales
mr. shy smile B 3 and 0 7 specs poor
striker 1 1 2 1
Caesarion furred nice hey pearl I love
you
that's 15 months Mario Mario 42 was 16
months hold wash them Devils 12 shit
fuck
tiny turnip mister just subscribe tiny
sort of mr. good chaos 14:28 pumpy pumpy
press b to dick punch play organ trail
already t-bag for glory less than Kate
Top Ramen spare nice nice T Carl's leaf
for tea Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl
Carl Carl Carl I think he Carlile for
air
Graham Dolph who I find correct was the
winner of the Metal Gear Solid 5 and
shadow of Mordor you may be cursed
challenged you may be correct I'm I'm
almost 99.9% sure incorrect since I'm
almost 99.9% sure that means a 99.98% no
way that's still more 0.8 just 99.8%
sure thank you for subscribing
