Episode 252
Steam Controller unboxing with newbs (Part 4)
November 7, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py-LhrTtY5E
___________________________________________

we got speed Lancs and we got supe meets
all the things we got all the things
from all the places skulls of the Shogun
cartoon series what my god just love
these icons I really do like the life of
the icons look at how long it takes to
scroll through everything
what are they saying I think what I'm
going to go to the bottom what a
non-steam games look like a lot of games
this is I mean I I also made links to
games that are non-steam it's like this
is like 30 years of gaming sure like
what's a non-steam game the brutal doom
I got a link to that Tron 2.0 that's a
non doom game it's just really dumb
thief deadly shadow thief middle-aged if
gold thief Cola had something well yeah
it's got a picture but it's definitely
not a steam game I don't know that steam
yeah hey what did it what are you saying
Jen I want to play it's belenki or Super
Meat Boy meat meat what steamos looks
like Python quake 4 question mark yeah
no that's that's not the Steam version
great game one of the last fps is I
really enjoyed I'm seeing more Super
Meat Boy than I am spelunky I am - ok
great
Super Meat Boy so this is a test this is
a test of the steam controller on a
ultra tight platformer accuse the
triggers you can skip by letter so for
my non big box list
Super Meat Boy sure everything working
darn it let's try that again
I love zoomy boy
configure a controller as a game pad
great I don't super me play
have you played this at all oh yeah we
played this little bit shockingly so
Super Meat Boy just came to ps4 and Vita
this is exactly where I am in my V to
play through I don't know what that says
obviously we're just gonna start from
the beginning just so I can get a feel
for the controller but oh I know
whatever the default is just to see the
responsiveness like it is there any any
input lag is this yours this mean let's
save I unless you were playing my game
it's my safe okay hold on need to update
what we're playing yeah super meat
search Super Meat Boy okay update good
alright before you launch a game you can
configure the controller I don't know
the jacks even gonna config the
controller know why I did well and here
here's actually something that I learned
the first day I had the gamepad which
was really upsetting to me which was you
you can only config the controller in
this overlay if you try to config it
before you start the game it doesn't
work correctly no that's what I learned
the first day okay and it was really
upsetting because I thought I had a
broken controller okay
does the controller work we haven't
tried a non-steam game tonight it
doesn't work with non Steam games
supposedly it does something I'll
probably look into later when I try to
get brutal doom running right oh yeah
sliding up that wall
our first person testing I'd ended up
being portal 2 yep hi this this is
working great which definitely take some
getting used to
oh god yeah shouldn't you announce
subscribers yeah yeah probably sooner or
later we usually do that at the end of
the night yeah yeah so it feels alright
I mean I'm just I'm just using the
joystick in the buttons so it doesn't
really matter actually I'm almost
curious is what it would what it would
feel like using this we need to see if
that would work as a d-pad well yeah
well you know what let's give it a try
well it's uh oh wait can I just do that
oh right now it has pressed down for
d-pad I might have the game audio turned
off in game because I tend to play games
while listening to other things
oh do they not hear any audio yeah go to
the Start menu dude options yeah I got
it so Dada like five
there you go yeah great
oh it has like touch out oh yeah what
happens if we change this to joystick
move okay oh wait I want to an haptics
on any chance we're reviewing soma no
this is just the first four hours of oh
interesting which I don't think the rest
of the game would be significantly
different for our opinions to change
much but who knows Oh weird alright this
is important talk about your experiences
okay so I basically I just switched it
to where the this left pad controls it
and you know I can control just by
touching I don't have to press down on
anything and this left pad I don't know
if you guys can see this
it's kind of like very it's very strange
especially like if you're used to a
controller wait
set it to d-pad and turn off require and
click yeah required click is off okay
all right I just said it as a control
stick but I'm not clicking down on I'm
just rubbing my finger against it and
it's working great it's a bit it's just
very strange I don't know if I like it
just because it's that like it feels
like it might be too late couldn't hear
a thing when you were next to the camera
apparently so what I was saying is that
I'm just rubbing my finger against it
sorry that you couldn't the microphones
are I don't know I don't know if if if
that can like if I could use that that's
actually just too much fun movement Bob
you have to go all the way now where you
kind of want to try try without going
although see what happens see what
happens see what your brain does brain
doesn't know anything sometimes right
all right no idea to me like I'm kind of
just spazzing all the way
it works it works and it's very
responsive by the way the stream is
frame per second is like 20 that's weird
looks fine here I'll see that I see that
you know what that might be
look I wonder if there's a vsync there's
always a vsync oh you know that might be
is because like we're doing a screen
capture
maybe you just switch to game all right
we could yeah cuz we won't be messing
with the controllers too much so yeah
get rid of monitor capture - you got a
game yeah okay we're gonna fix it so you
guys can actually see the game we don't
know we don't know anything I need that
the truth click back a meat boy
okay all right know something now
something's not working
beep oh I might have crashed
let me put me by crash I can't close
close close close we have to click OK on
the everything yeah well it's not
letting me I'm not getting up anything I
can't scroll over there it's bad it's
all bad bad things are happening
close
No
and of course the mouse won't go
anywhere other move the tax practice Bob
right cuz you know why all right
big picture mode no really big picture
mommy's clothes Steve that there's two
steams open things are not things are
not working out well oh you know what
you didn't click end task with Super
Meat Boy you clicked new task you did I
saw it like look create new task
rich clicked the wrong button one of
them may have been the wrong button they
were all no there's no there's not even
a create new task no no you click to
that blue button down okay we're gonna
see this later cuz it's recorded
everything's recorded that's fun there
you go I guess
wait what are we streaming that okay our
again we're gonna take a moment thing I
used you play okay
you can't hear if you can't see the game
say something mr. Beebe's Optimus no
that German dude unpowered drop purple
space bazooka tabarak big pop hi I'm
sorry what Pig Popeye Popeye yeah
general Gore future future J default
player one and rail means rail ultime
serve beer meister 2089 hell ken jo
magnus pu huh hunchback jack emery 801
nastyplot sky dandy 13 months in a row
brad is a geek baby slayer one five six
thirteen months in a row tired and sad
and the rising sun thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do another it was
another more than there's another year
or more person dammit I'm gonna call
that out but I don't want to all tab
because of all the problems we had last
time I all tabbed but wherever you were
that had more in here thank you for
having more than a year we really really
appreciated barter Kim and her steam
controller both of them both of them and
we appreciate that
this this means we're probably ending
relatively soonish but it's just
something night i doing now while Jack's
playing this I don't know how long you
mean to play this but I think this is
the last thing we're gonna play oh yeah
I don't know if I can get used to the
touchpad for something like this switch
back to the analogues you want but
you're playing with the the wacky one
right now I'm playing with the touchpad
yeah so you know like touchpad goes left
and right and it's it's definitely yeah
it's I think it's more meant for like
first-person shooter type movement I
don't know even then like when I use the
joy pen very sticky a little knob I'd
rather have both from the same plane the
same thought style
weird maybe even this even it's like
this joystick is like I don't know if
this the stick feels slightly longer
than what I'm used to you know and that
could just be in my head can you switch
to the oh you did yeah so right now I'm
using the stick and so you don't like a
lack of a deeper essentially that's bad
oh um I had a bet happy if they had a
d-pad instead of analog stickers what's
the what's the point of having that kind
of pad thing which could perfectly do an
analog style movement if you're just
gonna stick an analog stick on there
anyway right
it seems redundant at this point they
should have gone with a d-pad I think
that earlier when I saw that just had
four buttons there yeah it was a better
idea I did it do an auto tab over
unpowered raindrop at 13 months in a row
thank you
was she pitch thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
that's true 13 months in a row I missed
I had a good stream 13 months ago oh
yeah that was that one I run one stream
one stream wasn't everyone with 13
months what's true was it was like the
one stream we got audio working that was
the first room that we got audio working
correctly and someone said I think they
can do this
whoa whoa right into it that happens
yep that happens that happens a lot
13 months ago was the all-nude stream oh
yeah someone's saying might have been
the mother get a question marks I'm not
sure which builds PC Mahan may have been
oh yeah this a mic
FTL's not a terrible guess an SPL stream
guys when you screamed it a lot we did
stream that a lot oh my god it's takes
some getting used to right I'm no good
at this game
I love this game doctor starting from
the first world oh well that was just
till I get my all your ball bearings
your meat bearings my meat bearings now
it's like we need some now we need
something something else I need a little
something something and obviously you
can see how well I'm doing
Master I'm sure we'll do FTL again at
some point about while ill they have
been a while
I literally just played this level like
yesterday and beat it you know like I
don't remember how I got putting east
using D pants I mean so using V pads I'm
definitely used to using depends
oh my god actually I just did that with
the touch man what are your feelings on
mobiles
I haven't played one mediator I haven't
played one all the Mo's out there
everyone's been playing it for like 20
years now and there's just no way I can
are those the things where you just
furiously click on things over and over
it sounds terrible
it sounds really terrible right
blap-blap-blap
turn you to a conehead Brant lamp
it's Nick Mark Clark I am from France
all right go there we go not an A+ but
I'll take it
okay this is my favorite part every game
needs this everything watch all your
debts at once it's amazing that's the
best part
what I could easily be wrong about MOBAs
I just I'm not a big multiplayer gamer
everybody knows this about means not
something I'd typically get in dude I'm
sorry I'm sure there's more than just
clicking on things I'm sorry but I'm I'm
sure you also have to admit that there's
a lot of clicking on things I never
claimed to speak from a place of
authority nope
I mean first of all they must be good
games you know why everyone that
everyone plays a minister selling like
hot can't just not be anything I think
that you know what I think that does
mean something I think there must be
some sort of general quality control or
maybe lowest common denominator or
lowest kind of you know I've never
played it might be right
I'm just saying high sales don't mean
quality and I think it's who are
unrelated here's the real metric is dota
2 is Gabe Newell's favorite game okay
it's got to be worth something
hey this is good this is good to meet
boys the controller does feel funny only
because like I'm so used to holding an
Xbox 360 controller or a ps4 controller
where it's like my hands have yet to
morph into this shape I don't know that
makes any sense then you gotta get on
the top of that thing and then from
there jump okay
you beaten this game ages ago these
no no no no almost
oh whoa in there
saved by the platform that I didn't know
is there so any any progress from
binding of issac 110% oh my god right
now I'm at a I'm at a glorious negative
70 win streak and I might be giving up
hope ever ever obtaining this sorry
it's that the lost is so fucking tough
you have to you know you can't get hit
even once oh you got the loss though I
did get the lost I did that bandage girl
I got banded I got the level 4 bandage
girl and super meatboy I did it
someone showed me a really neat trick on
how to do it yeah not how I was trying
to do it with the with a horseman hmm
but I uh I got this certain thing where
I could basically spawn pickups and then
re-roll them all in an infinite amount
and it works great and so I got them I
it has not unlocked the achievement for
getting them which is apparently a known
glitch in the ps4 and Vita version I'm
sorry but it shows that I got them okay
but I just haven't gotten the trophies
for them which again which is another
just bullshit well you never get them in
the achievements yeah I don't know there
are some workarounds but I'd stay with
the chief that's stupid achieve on this
thing ever but the achievements for
Isaac are different because you need
them in order to win the game
okay
how do you do this oh this is gonna be
tough
Hey
it's not registering my my jumps I'm
sure it is I'm just I'm sure I'm not
I'm just not pressing them but Oh Sigma
Sigma Bo you should have just known
better than that
fuck that there's an item that lets you
get hit as the lost oh yeah I also item
combos that kill the room pretty much as
you enter all right oh yeah there are
ways to do it and you know a lot of it
is just that luck of the items rather
there is an item that negates the first
hit you get in every room okay
and so obviously that would be super
helpful there is there's an item that
gives you nine lives even if you're the
loss which would be super helpful yeah
and yeah like I said there are just
those those specific nope the expansion
come on no not yet so you can't you
can't complete the game what do you mean
you can't get all everything done 100
whatever percent because there's more to
do now once this expansion comes out
yeah they will be but it's not out yet
it's not out yet so I could do it
theoretically but you totally don't
totally do it
I think the expansion comes out soon I'm
thinking about it I like I want it I
want it bad fuck you fuck you I want to
do a marathon
I want to stream it just to prove to
everyone that I got meatboy and banette
Europe I'll show them they'll show them
the card that says I got it we should
stream and then you can't stop streaming
until you beat it with the loss until at
least until I beat mom I'm good I'll be
I'd be happy if I'm right at this point
I'd be happy if I'd just be mom and I
got to mom once as the lost what do you
have to beat with loss to win again
everything yep it's a mega super duper
Satan yep you have to be you have to be
mom then you have to be mom and mom's
heart then you have to be mom and mom's
heart and the devil then you have to be
mom and mom's heart and the devil and
question mark question mark rush mark
then you have to be mom's mom's heart
huh you can't do this all in one run
you could do it theoretically oh my god
now I'm just dying theoretically if you
got like all the mega grade items yeah
you could do a lot of them on one room
you know like he could be mom mom's
heart all in one run right but right now
I would just be happy with beating mom
rich is like every popular kid in school
you you didn't know me in school my name
was not synonymous with popularity
of a wedding cabin book nerds
super-popular gasps fuck you fuck you
fuck you
no no no I'm very good I thought you had
at that time I'm gonna get past as well
I am that's the thing that is happening
tonight I want you know that I hope you
didn't have any plans of going anywhere
anytime soon
no no I want to jump that gun nope fuck
yeah that's a new place to fail that's
what I look for new and exciting ways to
fail because if you're not failing
you're not at least consistently getting
there I know
nope I mean I knew I was gonna die right
there I just waited you know okay now
you're just getting nervous right tell
me I'm coming Wow
I don't know what makes me run so fast
there what are there any good super
meatboy speedruns online and how often
do they die I'm sure millions times
speed run huh
speed run stop it
you think the ultimate way of speed run
this would have minimized deaths oh oh I
mean I I didn't I thought you were
talking about speedrunning just
individual love no no oh the game I
don't know you have to be pretty sick
you're pretty pretty bad there there are
freaks of nature out there that is true
psyching myself out
super meatboy no death run never gonna
happen nothing not for me I thought
you're gonna choke at the end oh that's
a great game
yeah this is just great
somebody going on about the complexities
of mobis stream no chat i I don't I I've
never played one I never claimed to be
an expert I just said they look kind of
quickie a dull maybe I'm wrong I'm sorry
Oh
Oh Friday the 13th game on Kickstarter
uh you know what would make you cabin
who needs it
now we talking about like an update of
the nest game are we talking about like
a 3d modern Friday the 13th game yes I
think they're talking about it like an
update to the nest game
you know I learned something on that I
know
wait I remember doing this level maybe
this is somehow your save file that's
seems like it should be unpossible dad
this is my save file yeah Ryan oh I'm I
think I played this level yeah yeah I
don't know
part of our being able to share games or
something I don't know I'm assuming you
have it on the cloud
yeah but also like I'm playing this on
the ps4 you know like oh yeah yeah I
don't know
you
I passed that 3d multiplayer one versus
seven yeah that's kind of cute yeah for
the Friday the 13th three somebody would
be Jason yeah
not not super excited but I'm not no J's
the war guy yeah he would be yeah he
probably dig that idea but he's not a
game guy he still probably wouldn't want
to see it he would want yes Jay would
want to watch it somewhere in the back
of his head he might ponder of what it
would be like if he played video games
that could be the thing that that
awakens it in his in his mind's not
gonna happen not gonna happen at all
you're either a video gamer or you are
not fuck are we for the most part the
oldest gamers what do you mean weird
that right age where gaming just kind of
started to take off me especially you
know I mean deal I got in on what do you
mean by gamer you know like there are
people who are older than us that play
games many though what what percentage
of people older than us play games
frequently how many how many 45 year
olds play a ton of video game right
everything the 45 you're hitting like a
pong arrows maybe I got down there many
50 year olds they game us there's a 50
year olds who own a ps4 well I'm sure
there there's some but yeah not many not
many but we're of an aged me especially
is I'm a little bit older than like one
of the one of the earliest generations
where you grew up with games yeah yeah
true that
had the pac-man bedsheets you had
pac-man bedsheets yeah that's adorable
it was it was better fucking believe it
was fucking pac-man keeping me company
keeping the ghosts oi at night man a
couple pellets you know what I mean save
a couple pellets one man pack
I'm not 45 but I'll be there soon enough
less than 10 years
nope nope nope never never demonize
older ages cuz you'll you'll be there
soon enough if you're lucky or you'll be
dead
45 yeah and then you're 45 and then what
then what ass 545 that's now 65 that's
yeah I mean I mean 95 oh where do I see
gaming and 500 years I don't know back
to the future - couldn't even peg 9 2015
you know that was only 25 30 the
original movie one of the one or two
c'mon 89 you know I have no memory for
such things
ha go fuck the flock
Oh what do they say what's gonna just
what's going on all right
birdies numbers 85 I'm talking about two
though one was back to meet you too Sam
I think that was 89 yeah
losing it
do I think there will be a cure for old
age before I'm an old man no look if
they ever do cure old age let's say
let's say let's say we attain
immortality nobody get nobody has to age
anymore can you imagine the problems
that will cause we have we have
overpopulation problems now imagine if
nobody fucking dies oh yeah if we cured
old age our new problem would be how
would we curb birth yes
no one could be born then eventually you
would have just a society that would
stagnate yeah there would be no new
generations because the only way you you
keep the world from getting horrendously
overcrowded as you you make it illegal
tap children right and then you then you
end up in The Hunger Games is kind of
dystopian society which I guess could be
cool yeah yeah you'd have waiting list
people waiting for people to die in
accidental deaths so they could have
like a kid yes and then murders would
happen because of this oh my god by the
way the hitman industry we go through
the room right if you are a good hit man
like you get off somebody to open up a
slot your soul mate dies then you have
to you have to like live for the next
10,000 years before you have your own
accident mm-hmm just be alone I'm sure
there'd be another eventually you would
forget about the most important person
in your life just be nothing to you and
now that that's true like 10,000 years
ago by 100,000 million a hundred million
years ago buyed you do you remember that
person that died ninety-nine point eight
hundred million years ago
right
Oh stupid first wall slide
I can't quite nail it we could colonize
other planets fast enough
I mean your your you're really you're
really doing some phenomenal things to
the birth rate you've got the you've got
the Star Trek insurrection problem with
that planet look about cool
the you having a race of immortals
because that planet should have been
full 18 times over oh yeah
normally normally populations grow
because people have kids but you have a
generation that's dying so nobody's
dying the young people are still having
kids but since the old people aren't
aging the old people are also still
having kids and snowball yes snowball so
even if you're calm you're gonna have to
colonize a lot of other planets and
eventually you're gonna run on ice
oh sure cuz remember like habitable
planets and then you're gonna have these
planets start to go to war with one
another over the resources they need
from the other immortality would lead to
some bad shit yep things must die things
must die in order to progress
I got this guy's I totally got this I
know it might seem like I'm dying a lot
only because I'm dying a lot which
what's your opinion of that star that
might have a Dyson Sphere around it I've
heard nothing about this yet is there a
star that they think might have a Dyson
Sphere around it if so I would love to
hear more it sounds pretty damn cool
what's a Dyson Sphere that's when they
build like a thing around the star to
collect the energy I don't think it has
to be but I know the one time a Dyson
Sphere appeared in Star Trek The Next
Generation it was like a just a whole
thing around the entire star and the
advantage is you you collect every ounce
of power that star produces nothing goes
to waste
infinite energy I'm sure there's still
some kind of entropy going on but yes
you you get a lot of energy
no I knew it I was there I got I got I
got I got excited because I made it past
normally day yes yes Jeff that was the
episode where Scottie made an appearance
on next-gen yep you stay in that don't
jump just stay in that bottom corner
once you're moving stay in that bottom
corner just can't stop moving I'm gonna
remind you on your way up that that's
second wall
stay in the bottom corner yep you stay
in that bottom corner once you get up
there yeah yeah stay in the bottom
corner they don't give me
stay in the bottom corner and stay in
the bottom corner stay in the bottom
corner
nope I did it wrong disappointed by the
lack of star trek talk in the last
commentary I'm sorry turned out we had
things to say about Nightmare on Elm
Street how dare you yes unless that was
that up yeah I may have just build the
base I don't know I don't know what
you're talking about
I'll see what the chat says it's
possible just ended up being a bad
commentary got scrapped I don't know
it's possible anything's possible
I have not seen the Martian movie yet I
planned to at some point it's been up
since yesterday okay I don't remember an
ad for I don't think there was an ad for
this one I think it just went out
interesting yep it's an attempted viral
marketing I don't know I don't know well
you know either they didn't feel like
putting up an ad or they're just testing
their fan base maybe does it matter if
we if we make an ad you know right it's
not like making the ads cost much that's
I guess time yeah just cost time I knew
it I knew I didn't have it as soon as I
jumped off that cliff
nope
everybody memorizing this level all
right it's just like it's it's just that
that timing just a little off every time
this one's gonna be after they didn't
get me to start that I know again t1000
versus odo t1000
nope Oh doh
yeah the wicked guy from deep space 9
c1000 liquid guy from tea space night
deep space 9 could just was a
shapeshifter
yeah yeah t1000 is made of metal get it
together that's a dumb question
next well odo does have access to
phasers and what what a phaser dude with
T with hmm so I might change that but
you know what I'm gonna go with Otto if
he gets to use weaponry no no but that's
only like assuming that the weaponry
does what what what what weaponry are
either of them allowed to have if if
Otto can can use like a phaser rifle
maybe you know maybe that's the edge and
like the t1000 is limited to like nice
Terminator knives or even even a
terminator future pulse rifle thing but
then again the terminators mo is to
blend in with a society they go to and
pick up the weapons yeah well in
terminators aren't allowed to travel for
time with things so the tournaire would
try to acquire weapons the t1000 yeah so
he would probably grab his own phaser
at which point then I would give it to
the t1000 I think no matter what as a
matter of robot aim no matter what you
got to give it to the t1000 odo doesn't
odo have to like sleep in a bowl every
night and so he's weak it's not gonna
sleep during the fight I didn't assume
he would sleep during the fight I'm just
saying there's a t-1000 I have to sleep
no he's made a fucking metal Ottowa can
turn into a bird they just fly away did
you just say he could stay out of the
reach of the metal claws flap around the
ceiling
you know shitting on the Terminator bird
poop all over him right and then
eventually eventually the bird poop
would start mixing in with the liquid
Terminator metal yeah and he would start
to be diluted with bird poop and it
would be like some kind of liquid metal
slash bird poop Terminator
and I imagine eventually that would
start to affect his fighting prowess
good work jack good work
I guess glorious glorious deaths look at
all those guys oh I didn't I didn't
think I was gonna do that I didn't think
I was gonna make it I can't start
another level because like to me maybe
if you started any boy level you have to
finish it how long it's not we can I
think it's done oh my god yeah we've
actually we've been going for quite a
while
thoughts on steam controller initial
thoughts I'm I liked it for like the the
turn-based strategy game I played I
imagined it might work decently for RTS
s2 which I haven't tried yet yeah but
when I was playing skulls of the Shogun
it didn't feel weird Oh
especially different okay pretty normal
for the most part and that's good thing
I think yeah yeah um portal 2 though
I'll have to try and get used to it the
aiming still seems weird to me but I'm
gonna I'm gonna have to a lot of fucking
around with sensitivities first yeah
before I make the call and I'm kind of
with you like I'm not sold on it yet for
coming from a controller and especially
coming from someone who uses a
controller for first-person shooters
there's a couple things that are just
too much of a stretch for me like these
shoulder buttons just too much away from
the trigger and aiming didn't seem and
you know of course I'm not used to it
yet but aiming wasn't so much more
personal no but it could be a lot of
tweaking yeah you know what this has so
far just a bunch of potential yeah yeah
a bunch a bunch of potential Oh totes
can make odo can make bullets go through
him yeah but what about knives because
remember the t1000 is made of knives
what what if the t1000 is using a phaser
is the thing I don't think odorless
phaser proof yeah yeah because because
t1000 is a robot he's gonna win yeah
John Henry irons uh-huh John Henry irons
he'd be the steam machine I forgot what
the competence of log cutting or was a
railroad traders railroad track yeah oh
yeah we're rolling yeah
but then he'd die right after yes but he
still beat the machine double-checking I
don't think so Super Meat Boy crashed
big picture mode I hate you with all of
my heart I hate you with all of my hate
it guitars oh yeah Qatar's oh thank you
for subscribing appreciate it it's true
we really do no I can't because of the
Meat Boy crash I can't properly get to
OBS to shut us I got also like I'm cold
because I can't I can't the mouse won't
move over to the right spot which I feel
cold oh you can't
