Episode 411
Rocket League with Deloreans
November 10, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djBm14pS8iI
___________________________________________

no we won't be diddling any sooner
anything well I wasn't asking I just
assumed nose command
oh no I was a commanding I just I was
just wanting you know to know what your
feelings on diddling words not that it's
not that we're not gonna do this all
night but it is Back to the Future day
yes so we want to do something something
vaguely related to back there I really
need to get them the chat on the same
side is the camera because every time I
talk to them I'm talking to them yes
that is something to get to get used to
I rich had many things he wanted to do
for her Back to the Future day Jack
vetoed all of them I I'm gonna be the
curmudgeon hey I have my red shirt yeah
I wanted to go to the thrift store to
find a better denim jacket and then I
wanted to get that best thing on know
what a scientist I anticipate is I just
don't give a fuck about Back to the
Future day because why it's a day was it
was a randomly picked day in a movie
it's like people care it's like diesel
calling the phone number
long ago yeah when that movie came out
No oh my god it's the future that's the
appeal I just don't care this man has no
soul I you know I love those movies I do
and usually you're the party pooper oh
wait there's no password
well I press something I don't know okay
you one do four before the fourth or
yeah okay hey the room name is prereq if
you guys want to uh want to come and
play rocket League we're just gonna play
for a little bit he just missed the
point I don't I get it like I I don't I
mean I just don't care like I said it
it's very akin to me to to people
calling phone numbers and uh car
in games and and I just don't care
I just I'm using the steam controller
rich is using an Xbox 360 controller
because that's all we have right now
wait which one am I oh and mine's not
working the one who you're the one who
is not festive at all I'm the one who is
using the steam controller and it's not
working I can't turn you can't turn I
can't turn that's weird right
I can go oh yeah my controller is all
fucked up hit the steam button nope got
him you got him no that's not that's not
even working Oh No
so you just fucked did we go back into
big picture mode before it went starting
rocket League I don't recall no we
didn't we didn't god dammit
okay one match I was one match up I'm so
basically if you're on Team Orange I'm
useless I mean I can just go forward oh
that's jump
hold on I'm figuring stuff out I can I
can go forward and I can jump can I do
anything else
what is this reverse I can go forward
and I can jump I was doing where I was
trying to set it up to play first person
shooters last night right they needs to
be in big picture mode oh I can go
backwards if I keep jumping I go
backwards
yeah I haven't found it is there a way
to set a specific profile to a specific
game they're all set to specific games I
want to customize them for everyone will
remember the customization for every for
each specific game yeah I have not
played rocket League with the steam
controller yet so and I haven't it's
it's fine it works
what happens when you try to use the
touchpad
nothing nothing nothing works on such
bad joystick doesn't work I'm just gonna
be hanging here upside down okay that
doesn't do anything that's how I changed
ball cam oh I can pause it apparently
that's exciting hey don't jump over me I
believe the problem is that we are not
in big picture mode ah you dick you did
relentless terrible oh by the way I
can't even go all I can do is use rocket
boosts like I can't go oh no I can I'm
gone
I'm sorry team I'm sorry that I'm not
here to play with you because the steam
controller only works with in big
picture mode and we forgot to turn it on
and I really do apologize
Krieger 783 says if I score a goal he'll
give me a hundred bucks I will do my
best
almost is for me yeah I hate big picture
mode nah I can't multitask effectively
but then giant fucking ugly text I just
I want to use the gamepad in the game I
don't want to use it as the central
focus of my operating system right oh
that is backwards I do I have the
ability to go backwards now but I have
to jump in order to go backwards oh here
we go
there you go no I cannot turn and that's
really gonna hinder my performance here
but you know hanging out nice nice I
almost saved I almost had a save I was
really happy with that
it's learning no I just I we have to
because we're good we're gonna have to
stop the game and then start it again to
get it in big picture mode
it's okay potent potable it's okay if
you feel bad about this
it happens that is a legitimate downside
to the steam controller I well I want to
be able to use this just in normal play
just as a USB controller and as you see
here we can't
am I having fun right now no but I will
I'll give you $1 if I can touch the ball
oh wait here we go here we go nope that
would be spectacular if I could hit the
ball I think I would enjoy that I think
everyone else would enjoy that hold on
I'm gonna see if I can time this just
right oh I know how to boost pretty
excited about it okay quick here we go
here we go here we go ready ready oh
look at how close I came I missed it see
yeah I'm that one I'm that charred I'm
charred over number one yeah someone
bumped me out of the way
you got screwed somebody bumped me out
of the way of a dollar Oh
and in order to go in reverse I need to
jump first that's just the way that this
controller said I don't suppose the
motion controls are set by any chance oh
that would be neat there's motion
controls yeah oh it's not a
well-publicized feature yeah but it has
them nope no motion controls
but I'm here to I was ready to defend I
am sad I am very sad about this I love
rocket League as I was telling rich not
you know I bought the no no you keep
playing I'm gonna talk I'm gonna talk
about my love of rocket League for a
little bit I bought the backs of the
future DLC twice oh wait wait
buying the steam controller means I got
a free copy of rocket League on the PC
and so I bought the I'm right here
I bought the backs of future deals oh yo
you dicks so I bought it for the ps4 and
for the PC but also I got it for free on
the ps4 you know yeah because of PS plus
so you've gotten a lot of free rocket
League I've gotten two free rocket
leagues but I've bought all the DLC for
both so I think that makes up for it
okay we can do this
the controller defaults to keyboard
mouse mode outside of big picture mode
Oh Oh what are you doing rich you're
turning I'm steering how do you do that
I'm steering rich is gonna steer for me
oh okay okay
okay here we go here we go here Oh Oh
down oh you gotta tell me when you need
me to jump no no youyou you're wrong I'm
just hearing i'm just steering you got
14 seconds you hit that ball okay rich
and I are now working rich is working
the keyboard I have the gas the jump in
the brake we are gonna do this we are
gonna hit that ball okay okay okay get
there get there
nope oh here we go here go yes you you
turned you turned you son of a oh look
at that
zero zero yeah okay yeah you've got a
year exit to main menu yes because we
have to we have to shut down the game
restart it in big picture mode son of a
bitch what the fuck were they thinking
making that a requirement it seems it
seems strange like they're stabbing
themselves in the foot seems a little
unnecessary try again you know what rich
is fine we're gonna try again what I've
also heard it doesn't play nice with the
Xbox controller yeah so that could be a
- now we're fine you say that hit the
same button yeah go to configure
controller I wish that said this this
looks right all right
I mean joystick move yeah this okay
these are official psionics bindings
people can't see that okay okay all
right we should be good
should is the real word of the day
oh no wait I didn't want to don't worry
about me
are you sitting it up yeah four versus
four nice you know what nice fucking
nice rally full we're probably not gonna
be able to get him it's our room I guess
we can get in does it automatically kick
everybody out though uh room just stay
open
I don't know they probably kicked
everybody out we prereq no press no
password prereq no password as we do
tell-tell back to the future game would
probably make for a bad stream yeah that
was the that was the consensus okay uh
uh I can turn I can do stuff oh no oh oh
fuck is this okay there's three versus
two three versus three aren't things are
evening up I feel good about that well
here we go here we go here we go going
in a revival Reverse going in drivers we
are we're gonna play this for a little
bit just because of Back to the Future
day and then we are going to play organ
trail oh my god I whipped because that's
a nice spooky game and so that's our
plan for tonight is rocket League back
to the future and organ trail how do I
get out of my jo you're on my team
sorry sorry you're on my team Jack still
won't be able to hit the ball this game
either hey now that hey we've all had
those games okay here we go it's
happening our rich and I on the same
team yep I'm on the right side screen
and Jack is on the left sided screen wow
that was that was terrible that's fine
there I hit the ball
you happy now you jerks i I did it I
touch I touched the ball that was an
okay hit was exciting it was like no no
god we ready to go I touched the ball
and I got it out of our danger zone nope
nope defense defense defense defense
playing a little defense playing the D
working the D know what I'm saying oh
shit there we go boom clear ball 20
points 10 points oh god damn it yeah I
got this
boom get out of my house
this Back to the Future car so cool I
love the sound effects right there
perfect and then and you know when
you're on full boost and you get to like
the little blue streaks and everyone oh
yeah the blue streets street I was
looking forward to the fire trails I
realized how much I would appreciate the
blue streaks right hopes are dude it's
only two bucks the basically this is all
you get you only get the DeLorean yeah I
do I do wonder if it is a today only
thing they did mention that it was going
to be for a limited time so I do wonder
if you can only purchase it today you
think about Halloween stuff the
Halloween stuff also is limited time
come on I listen I'm sorry about that
that was my that was my whiff and right
now rich we are losing yes I know what
happens sometimes huh that happens
sometimes right right it does happen
sometimes nothing
okay okay maybe you know it would be
annoying if you can only use it for a
limited time oh that would be tf2 has
some items like that that you can only
use on Halloween or on full moon yes and
it is annoying because some of them I
really like werewolf items they're like
haunted items yeah so you can only use
them on Halloween or on full moons oh
they say when you rock it in the air
that your wheels go in as well there's
some details oh they do
I don't think I hit that okay boom boom
it's just chaos that's exactly what 4v4
is rich that's something to both love
and hate about it coming out coming in
the middle coming in the middle get
there get there that's great centering
stop
it's the greatest game ever made it's
fun game it's a very fun game very fun
game I find constant enjoyment in rocket
League damn it
even when you're losing horribly get out
of here get out of here
sorry teammate sorry teammate sorry too
right
get in there
Jesus Montgomery crisp there we go there
we go here we go oh it's right Jack
what's Jack what yo Jack you ruined the
perfect shot or you the perfect shot
you were sideways you weren't gonna
touch it I was gonna stop it I was gonna
hit it I didn't know you were there I
didn't know he was there come on how
about you give me some vocal cues hey
Jack I'm about to hit get out of the
fucking way how about that how about
that Jesus Montgomery crisp yeah that's
how well that's what I decided to say
man chase this Montgomery crisp doesn't
that sound like a no I got boys just
wait I don't want to be an orange you're
on orange oh I can just join blue I real
I know how things work I've played this
game before hey hey
whoa whoa whoa oh oh good good job it's
at home
holy fucking Shh things are crazy town
here J Montgomery crisp is a villain and
snobs vs. slobs I don't think so I
thought let is literally a name I made
up so I guess it could be but I just
made up that name in my head right now
I'm not killing it dope oh fuck okay run
interference running interference
now
fuck quick
get it back over here guys they go nope
nope nope what how did that happen
shit shit shit
yeah fearful sludge boy gets the shot he
did it he went oh the way I don't know
oh yeah we got the new Oregon Trail DLC
so we will be playing the co-op mode
also the oh I should have been more
patient spooky Dookie the developer
heard that we were thinking about
playing the game via twitter and reached
out to us so we have some keys we have
some free copies of organ trail for the
ps4 and steam for anyone who would like
that so we'll fight we'll try to find
some we'll try to find some way to do a
giveaway later no idea what it'll mean
nope oh wow spooky nice shot nice nice
shot
oh yeah that's thank you connecting
that's the summation I love the movies I
don't care that today is Back to the
Future day
I love the DeLorean in rocket League but
more so because I love rocket League
Oh bicycle hat wicked ass bikes alcohol
hat what do we need to do to get some
Mad Max cars up in this game
I want war boys hanging off my car
that's the spirit ha ha ha
send a strongly worded email to Sayaka
Zach 6 whoever made this game whatever
they're called shit not a strongly
worded email you know a nice Pleasant
email Oh spooky spooky get off my nuts
Oh
oh my god oh my god I can't believe that
didn't go in that's amazing
that was amazing fuck fuck fuck fuck
but my backpack
ya know nice nice
fearful slugs boy fear for a slugs boy
there with the save
spooky oh oh that was my bad
that was my bed I got in the way
everything's fine we're doing fine how
are you terrible
well yeah you're losing this time
it's right there is right there get it
in there fuck no yeah yeah hitting that
man yeah flare flargan snarl smear it
snarf
fuck sometimes the ball goes in a
direction and you have no idea why it
went there but you just kind of have to
trust the game to people hit it across
what's the difference right this is
intense
you only I mean you have 40 seconds and
you're only oh no a night or two goes
down or three goes down you were only
but you were only two goals down that's
doable in 40 seconds
what
a lot of times during that uh during
that like opening kickoff i I don't I
don't go for the ball I just go straight
forward and hope I run into someone just
to kind of record our day really I find
it throws them off sometimes that kind
of like you know sometimes the head
games are important in rocket league do
you think no you want to get in your
opponent's head oh and games are
particularly important in rocket league
probably not
oh yeah we've had sweet pass and spook
stirs there with the backwards back flip
ah mazing amazing you know I'm rich my
head games my sweet sweet head cams like
that much yeah this is what you have to
deal with this is what you have to do
what we're gonna do if you use moobot
you can do giveaways real easily I'll
look into that will do one more rocket
League and then we'll move on to uh or
two more I mean I could I could play
rocket League all day but I do feel bad
because we play we play it so often
somewhere two more okay two more rocket
leagues if you've played with us drop
out and let someone else join and oh
right I should join what are you on the
delorean yeah yeah
I think it is I think it's really
good-looking and you know again I will I
will say how much I do love the Back to
the Future movies thanks they're just
they're quality films you know quality
adventure films but you know like what
I'm thinking about is like the people
that dialed like 867-5309 because it was
in that song that's not nice
that's why every that's why telephone
numbers in that's the that's to me that
is in the same vein of of like being
hyped for Star Wars day are you having a
stroke yes I know how any of these
things you've said are related in any
way so you know that the song Jenny
whatever the numbers right yeah so
people call that number and ask for
Jenny as a joke yes right and your point
and it's it's just a made-up phone
number in a song phone number but they
use it right yeah it's like so but
that's the same thing it's like it's in
a song and people use it in the real
world and here we have a date in a movie
that's pretty meaningless it's just it
was the date of the used in the movie
and people are celebrating it because
it's a random date in the movie why I do
things are not at all I'm not used to
being this religion in our friendship
you're usually the one who's the
curmudgeon and I am the one who who
loves everything about life and I feel
uncomfortable being the curmudgeon to be
quite frank oh my oh my god did you see
that someone did a rocket hit and then
someone else did a rocket hit that was
awesome oh because it's just a it was a
fictional they're two fictional things
right this date in Back to the Future
and Jenny the phone number and then
people try to bring the fictional things
into real life
try to equate the fictional thing with a
real life thing and there's two things
just don't give a fuck about what so I
don't understand what's so hard to
understand oh what's so hard to
understand waka waka no I'm usually the
one who's like super into stuff Farscape
these are these are two things that I
did not enjoy
Farscape and the Back to the Future day
those are the only two things I have
ever complained about ever I've never
complained about anything else obviously
that's not true I complain about many
things I just don't care about back to
the future there
what about star wars that yeah well Z
that and like that's a that's slightly
different may the fourth be with you
that's just retarded its yeah I mean
this is a once-in-a-lifetime thing uh
you can only have October 21st 2015 once
it's in date in the movie man
just a date in the movie it's the future
it's always the future every day is the
future
no oh nice save
got gosh gosh gosh oh I got I'd like
jumped over it yeah because of the law
so because I have no love for back to
the future
yeah yeah I guess
oh that was weird oh no yeah yeah I'm
sorry
but I guess I'm not really sorry you've
successfully bludgeoned me back into
combustion mode good then I can be happy
about some stuff brief moment I knew
what it was like to feel alive no no I
just feel dead inside yes that's that's
the rich I know and love dead inside Oh
old dead inside Evans that's what we
call you we're good
hollow husk rich before he was dick the
birthday boy he was a hollow husk of a
man oh my god I whipped that so hard hey
yeah that was dumb I was not aiming at
all I was blindly hitting it got play
smarter got to play smarter rich not
harder play smarter not harder you got
this you got no I got this I got this
no you got this I'm just gonna go over
here and so everyone can see those sweet
ass blue light streaks look at that
that's awesome that looks so great
I'm just dead inside I can't do it I'm
sorry I you know I didn't know is that
big a deal to you
Back to the Future day oh really
really what someone blow to you up you
guys rich is feeling bad enough already
don't you don't have to blow them up no
two seconds we can make a comeback oh
that's great
now why don't you make like a tree and
get I
oh I have it my ringtone is uh is the
opening you know is the opening theme to
FTL that's my ringtone I don't know who
that number is I should have I should
have muted that that was unprofessional
of me oh yeah ready one more one more
game get it back get it back feel it
feel the love which I'm dead inside
rich feel cold did you read about the
Dyson Sphere someone was asking if you
okay unfortunately oh that reminds me
chat you have a very important
responsibility today okay chat you have
a very very important responsibility
when we're when we're reading
subscribers and saying good night I need
you to remind me to go get eggs it's
really important it's really really
important I I've been out of eggs for
the last couple days for the last couple
Deng's
and I always forget whenever I'm out of
the house and I eat eggs I try to eat
eggs every day because I love eggs and I
need eggs tomorrow specifically yes so
so before we leave be like Jack don't
forget to get eggs on your way home that
would that be very helpful to me I'd be
very helpful to me and my egg eating
situation tomorrow morning oh my god so
many explosions that's one of my
favorite things about the the Back to
the Future car is when you explode you
leave a spinning license plate did you
did everyone see the the flame trail and
spinning license plate it was pretty
sweet
pretty wicked a sweet
I see I can blow someone up why didn't I
blow you up I hit you I hate you I'm
just right is that true I thought you
just hit people at a top speed doesn't
always happen yeah I don't know what the
exact criteria are no sure
fuck
by tickle it oh and a sweet save someone
get there get there get there get there
Oh some a bitch oh my god I'm just
catching up on all the egg puns I like
eggs eight eggs for breakfast and I've
been out of eggs and it's been really
upsetting to me and my egg eating ways
so I need to get eggs tonight and I'm
gonna forget because I'm you know we're
gonna be here playing games everyone in
but guys so I'm you know what I'm doing
I'm outsourcing oh my oh my god don't I
can't believe that didn't going I can't
believe that either
that looked like it was right on the
money yes eurisk rugs are like Hrothgar
the Barry and that was in that Cartoon
Network show that didn't get picked up
right cross guard the Barbary thank you
there was something a barbarian show the
town we sure didn't get greenlit
Krauss Qahhar crashguard
crotch guard the barber now oh damn it
take it there
no no three-game losing three-game
losing streak I feel like the Cubs are
they aren't they in the thing they're on
the verge of being swept last I heard Oh
what they do every postseason and it's
comedy oh all those sweet tears
oh sweet tears oh nice
no chickens are gross man I don't want a
chicken I don't want chicken in my house
I know he's a horror goth of Barbaria
okay korgoth of Barbaria
korgoth of Barbaria yeah sounds pretty
wicked
nope
oh I'm out of juice No
Oh God
almost guided that one no all those
guiding it in I can't
we are very lucky blue team or rich is
what is so unlucky there we go
back to center Center etcetera stay over
here now there we go here we go
summer summer beach
gosh gosh cheapest gym is crisp no no no
mmm no what what they're just telling me
stories about like chickens and chickens
and share rich I've been around chickens
chickens are gross animals most animals
are gross animals by the way I'm like
wild animals most farm animals that
fucking gross we've not had balance
teams tonight I'm done thing that's
happened yeah yeah we've not uh we've it
we haven't had a lot of back and forth
yay but crashing is fun good man at this
goalpost here there we go
clear ball
I mean we're not gonna win I don't think
we can I don't think we can hold out for
the next five seconds but get on a big
picture mode so that we can go to OBS
change what game we're playing so that
we don't back into fish mode to use the
steam controller as a mouse and keyboard
fuck big picture mode fucking fuck
making that a goddamn requirement for
the steam what a bunch of bullshit
steaming actually you know what you
probably start up the game mmm before we
go into OBS we should start the game up
in big picture mode so the game those
use the controllers that we get out of
big picture mode so that we can go to
OBS to tell OBS a stream organ trail so
that when get out of OBS to go back and
the steam to go back into big picture
mode all those things we should do all
those things rich no we need to all tap
oh my god wait no don't alt tab yet
don't alt tab you first thing I want to
configure the controller we also should
turn down the volume yep
jesus H Christ oh it's not working but
although she's not working
hold on hold on Brow's configs let's go
to keyboard and mouse
I don't know yeah we're on options yeah
how's that listening to the chat is that
better all right are you comfortable
playing that way yeah what here you can
use this
did you like you like the thing single
stick honor or change that so I can't
really use it
hey everyone I don't understand what's
fine
okay that's I think that's fine you
think it's fine okay so now no i'll tab
let's see if I can get to OBS without
problems big picture mode doesn't like
that there you go yeah there you go
