Episode 257
Dark Souls 2: The Revengening (part 2)
November 17, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZsT_zUnRU4
___________________________________________

see
can you jump in this game I forget
do you know if you can jump
what for daddy jump rich we're not we're
not shitting on you we're just making
you feel like an outcast like Kimber's
always do to each other if we have
different opinions as normal not yes
it's very true how do you jump again do
you remember
while running push the left stick to
jump yeah what's left stick to jump what
l-3 while running is to jump oh I mean I
guess he rarely ever have to jump I hate
I hate using that l3 for anything right
anything important related yeah yeah
anytime they want me to use l3 to run
fuck that shit
fuck that shit to death we got the soul
of the nameless so cherish
you can go into the settings and change
the jump controls right now l3 is jump
it's disgusting change it back to dodge
so you can change that
oh no I like dodge being circle injects
fine with dodge being circle I can't I
can't imagine I'm going to have to jump
too often
okay okay oh I got I got a new sortie I
got a new sortie sword
a short sword
they will both be the same function but
okay but I'm not sure the dodging jump
would be the same if you change that I'm
not sure what that means
I don't know I like Dodge being circle
like that because that's where my thumb
remembers it I let's see if there's a
bag over here
could be a bad guy
why don't you play games the way I play
games rich a fair question fair
what's my typical layout for keyboard
and mouse games well the the I have the
number pad and you know the keys that
have the up-down left-right you know
those are my my movement keys hmm the
number pad nine is usually if it's like
a basic shooter like like an old-school
doom now I'll be my shotgun five will be
my chain gun and the seven one and three
are other weapons enter is usually dodge
and the plus key is like like using
things I do have a a gaming mouse with
like four buttons on the left hand side
of the mouse for my thumb that's usually
stuff like like jumping and reloading
I mean it depends upon what game I'm
playing I mean if Bob something like
like fee for your you don't really need
to this is everything like an aim mode
I'll have the the right mouse be like
opening doors and and whatnot grabbing
things yes but none mouse reload I got a
button right by my thumb I hit that
reloads
sounds fine what's important is having
things right up close it's silly to say
using keys like effigy for actions is
somehow superior to plus and minus
I never said anything I do is superior I
think that's all you said rich that's
all they've heard all they've heard
yeah sorry I haven't been talking I've
been enjoying the game buckler I got the
buckler
I was agreeing though but what am I
gonna say about it was a snap Abby as
we've discussed many times it's
sometimes hard to distinguish my helmet
is sometimes hard to distinguish
flughhhh infra Mugen you know who Perry
strikes oh I can't use Perry strikes yet
I present attributes don't include Perry
strengths
fine I just figured out what keeps count
of my glowy wand a rose yeah yeah
what does see the top thing soul arrow
oh okay so I have 15 of them if I change
to my shield look the blue thing is you
a conquistador ish there we go
Spanish conquistadors Spanish
Inquisition keister doors
they killed a Native Americans
okay the Inquisition yeah killed
everybody else that's the difference
okay no you know what that's really good
to know kill everybody else don't go
down there's a glowy thing oh there's a
couple glowy thing oh there's a whole
glowy village down there there's a door
over here rich oh my god I like these
games am I going to stream on Saturday
why what's going on Saturday no that
wasn't my plan but what's going on in
Saturday what is yeah what is Saturday
why would that be a special thing I have
specific what is what is Thanksgiving I
mean uh Thanksgiving how about me what
is Halloween
saturday Saturday I don't know if that's
the day that's when trick-or-treating is
Oh
oh I'll buy something from you creepy
person okay no I'm not planning on
streaming Halloween are you planning on
streaming Halloween fuck man I'm goin to
katroo oh that's right you have two
children
yeah I'll be too busy watching Evil Dead
ash versus the Evil Dead that's oh my
god fuck yeah am i right
you figured out a place to watch that
yeah oh yeah I got cable didn't you bet
oh yeah cable just for that I got I mean
Lisa was kind of Lisa was kind of on the
fence about okay well and I pushed her
right over I was like yeah that's a
really good idea we do we should get
cable yeah just because I took this ad
that's cute that's cute
I'll share with everyone later I'm gonna
take better pictures of my of my
Halloween oh they already ordered the
second season
nice yeah yeah and then you know that
makes sense considering the insane
amount of love for the franchise
now's this Agadir must unless the show
sucks III understand the first four
minutes have been leaked and people are
saying it's amazing oh well sure I've
avoided it I don't want to see it till I
see the show our attributes suck so
here's something I remember from from
blood-borne is to see how we have a red
nine down there that means we can't use
the weapon
I want these they're like they're like
brass knuckles yeah wizard we're a new
bit of wizard our weapon using stance or
shit here's a new who a heel magic
Deeley I could be good oh we can't use
that yeah do something like you Kevin
five is out
oh yeah yeah oh great
are you are you at all concerned if
Donald Trump becomes president he won't
become president doesn't it's moot
here's question do you think you will
get the GOP nog no no oh yeah I have I
didn't think so either I far too much
faith in people and ben Carson is
already coming up ahead of the polls and
people are done talking about the joke
the Donald Trump joke is over and
everyone had a great laugh and we should
all be really happy for ourselves yeah
but yeah it's over now so let's say
let's say some magic happens sure and he
gets the GOP not sure what do you think
the odds are of him getting in no no no
I mean pulling right now shows him
barely no no not even it shows him just
behind the Democratic second runner what
what what if it were Donald Trump
yeah and Bernie Sanders no those are the
two week streams we agree on that yeah
yes out of all the all of the major
runners those at extreme out of those
two extremes yeah if it were that with a
race where do you think the moderates go
I think they go Bernie yeah absolutely
absolutely yeah because Trump is Trump
has a platform of spouting nonsense in
hopes of getting more television
coverage which it's been working yes
yeah if it's Trump versus Hillary I
actually think that's a closer race I
think Hillary scares away a lot of
Democrats yeah the African Hillary would
attract the moderates no no cuz because
sander sanders is is called what is his
nickname on Capitol Hill is the
amendment King he is known for crossing
party lines to get she had done come and
so I think Democrats would be scared or
is what I'm saying I'm more scared we're
not we're not talking about our personal
opinion on these candidates right now I
think this conversation is purely just
who we think would win absolutely this
is not to be taken as support for any
particular candidate yeah oh no no and
and you know what we wouldn't do that
this is a video game show yeah we're not
here to talk politics
I mean obviously politics is part like
we're gonna talk about we're talking
about it but in a purely clinical matter
hi didn't think so I believe so so not
politic yeah no okay well sorry all
right fine when the politic time how
about my goofy way of playing video
games we talked about that I use all the
wrong keys look I'm using the wrong keys
now oh my god rich I use a knife from a
shotgun button instead of the three oh
my god you crazy dog you crazy dog you
doggin up in this dog
how the fuck do you know what button
your thumb is hitting when you use WASD
I mean just all over the place nothing
makes sense you understand that's my
constant problem with mouse and keyboard
controls use the number pad use the
number pad champion grid the only thing
I can reliably know I'm hitting the
right key on that's not WASD is that the
spacebar yeah
fuck wait wait so you don't you only use
the thumb for space book what keys do
you use for for anything you've got like
five keys you can use that way you got
like the Q and the E are like the only
other keys maybe maybe like the F and
they are are not too inconvenient and
confusing hmm I use the number pad other
than the direction keys
I've got easily findable reliable usable
keys I've got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 like
12 different keys I could bind to
fucking whatever ZZ xcv yeah you just
told me it don't use the thumb for
anything but spacebar though somebody I
mean not everybody have you my problem
with ZX CVB just with your thumb how do
you keep track of which one you're
hitting how do you not constantly hit
the wrong key that's a fair question how
do you how do you know I mean it's so
weird to be the answer
forgot about that fucking guy my soul
all right a lot of people are saying
they use the ZX CV and however the
number of people that said they just use
space with their thumb I guess there
might be a minority I don't know sure
rich you don't play the piano do you I
can barely tie my shoes
jumpy plant for me then it must be a
good thing dude no one uses the thumb
for those keys then you're taking your
fingers off of the movement keys
my thumb can hit the insert the delete
the enter the the but my way is wrong
didn't you know that already right I
know I know
oh oh shit oh fuck you guy does that
mean I can't get that glowy thing
fucking gay and that's why a joystick is
better for movement yeah but the problem
is in a shooter who gives a fuck about
movement the important thing is aiming
that mouse makes up for the the minor
advantage game pads have and just
directional movement yes and you know
I've had oh you know what I keep
forgetting to bring that before you like
if I ran a baseball team and I read I a
North Korean baseball team and if I
didn't win the championship
Kim Kim Young Kim Jong on on what would
hit will have my family executed okay I
have every position filled except for
pitcher okay okay this this analogy is
becoming strained but I like it
and I got I got two people up for the
job yeah I got Kelly Kelly Brock
everyone just calls her mouth that's her
nickname she's got some fantastic arm
control she's got an amazing fastball
and she almost she almost never throws
the ball out of the strike zone she's
that curve ball she's got sliders
amazing pitcher she's got a genetic like
like like need effect though oh so she
she can run to the side like really
quick and forward and back just fine but
she doesn't really do like subtle motion
she can only either sprint or walk wait
a minute yeah I'm okay and then done the
other person uh-huh it was up for my
picture position you know is is uh
Connie Connie yeah okay so Kelly Bracken
County Kelly Kelly Kelly Rogers going
mouse okay and Pawnee Connie troller
oh I get it yeah okay uh she her feet
are fine you know she can do subtle
running and fast running in any
direction very easily but share our arms
a little bit clumsier you know she
misses she misses the strike zone
sometimes or fast balls not all that
grade who do you hire to be your pitcher
and the North Korean baseball team but
you have to win a championship or your
family will be executed the minor
movement advantage each other has is
useless absolutely useless
I know that was the longest most run
about but a argument you've ever heard
that's why I did it I thought it was
music yeah that was so yes aim is more
important in shooters and shooters aim
is more important than moving event
movement I don't think I got anything
good down there I don't think I'm going
down there it's knocked
rich would you buy a wiimote style
accessory in place if your keypad if I
thought it had enough buttons yes cuz
they they do have something like that in
my in my forever search of a better way
to play Team Fortress 2 because that's
of course really the only reason I care
about accuracy and
in first-person shooters I bought what
was it called it has the dumbest name
I'm almost embarrassed it's like it's
called like the frag shark the frag
shark okay I forget I preferred this
exact name but it is it's a mouse with a
nunchuck like we you know we mote
nunchuck like d-pad controller and
unfortunately the mouse was kind of crap
yeah and really hard to use but the
nunchuck it was I was on wireless and
the nunchuck worked great it had like
three buttons on it
mhm so you know nunchuck in three but
not bad not great but not bad the mouse
was really shit down like it was the
mouse was giant and so like it was
really unwieldy to move but like even
the mouse had like buttons on it and
stuff it was a whole bunch of not bad
but not great something something that
would you would need something is kind
of like kind of like a joystick and a
keyboard like like a pad you put your
hand on flat pad yeah bunch of keys by
your fingers like like eight keys voice
your fingers couple by your thumb and
then the whole pad your hand is on would
move like a joystick would something
like that give that work if you just
moving your whole hand around move your
hand would literally need to be like
strapped to it yeah and then that that's
a whole different load of shit I think
the the subtle movements when walking
around are not worth the headache of
learning
the control scheme right
they've made that rich they're fucking
awful okay
oh they have it was a thought I'm
surprised that they have made that well
I guess they've made all sorts of
peripherals
now I'll change my controlling methods
if I think they're better
oh sure everyone's looking for a better
way to to play games easier way blogger
Tech has a control oh man
that would be that would be so shit
that would be so shit was just a thought
that's something I like tested
extensively you know you know what I
tried one time to free up a couple
buttons I bought a cheap ass USB foot
pedal oh yeah and it had three pedals on
it yep
and so my thought was if I could free up
you know a couple buttons right yeah
then I would never have to take my thumb
off of the aiming stick yeah cuz you
know like the way most first-person
shooters I have to take your thumb off
the aiming stick to jump right and then
for me playing is something like a scout
in tf2 we'd have to jump all the time so
I tried to remap a couple of the buttons
like jump and Crouch - foot pedals oh
man my brain nearly exploded oh it did
my brain did not feel good well maybe I
didn't give it enough time maybe I
didn't
which do you like CDs or tapes better I
don't listen to enough music for that to
be a relevant question streaming music
is fine and YouTube music is fine
YouTube music vivo or whatever they call
it I don't I don't listen to much music
sure I'm more likely to listen to like
just some kind of YouTube interesting
science thing well I'm doing something
else than I am to listen to music oh I I
like like like like a Vsauce playlist or
a sideshow sure sure yeah digital music
is where it's at you have we talked
about this have you heard that Chiara
song what is the Kiera ki I a RA Chiara
what is a Chiara she's a singer producer
okay and she has this song called um I
gotta forget it now
it's called fire dove it's so good okay
yeah I this means nothing but bases so
so what she does is she sings like the
the verses right and then in order to
make the chorus she cuts up her own
verse and and like samples it to make
the chorus okay it's it's really awesome
by fuck you when did you when did you
get here
Chiara what's it called someone tell me
what it's called it's great happy surfer
dude it's great but I do enjoy girly pop
music possibly more than most you right
wake up yeah it's not so fine
yay fuckwit nope I'm not gonna fall for
that
Oh Debra your thoughts on YouTube red
YouTube red for those are doing what are
the details I don't even know all the
details I've heard a little bit about
this YouTube bread is a way to pay for
an ad-free YouTube okay are any channels
going to be pay exclusive I believe you
can be pay exclusive you don't have to
be because if it means I stopped getting
WatchMojo wasn't recommended channel
I'll be happy
nice
but in general like I kind of hate that
it seems like it seems like a weird idea
it seems like the a and opening of we an
opening in a weakness in YouTube because
if they start going too much in a paid
direction people will look for a new
free thing yep and that will that will
take over yep people do like free things
and apparently rumor has it that so
they're they're giving much like Apple
music or Spotify they're giving free
trials like a free three month trial of
YouTube bread but during that time they
won't be paying contributors and that
was a big deal for Apple music and apple
music decided to reverse that strategy
and pay artists during the free trial
month so everyone's hoping that YouTube
read it does the same
is locked
for prime magician says I'm subscribed
to watch mojo and I fucking despise all
of their content well well maybe you can
unsubscribe I'm trying to tell you what
to do here man
google recently made a statement saying
they will pay contributors during free
trial period oh great so they did
reverse their stance on that that's I
think that's good that it's good and
appropriate no reason for creators to be
penalized because YouTube is trying
something new so yeah you know the idea
is it's they're trying to create a
better YouTube experience and a more
consistent YouTube experience but you
don't you don't get ads but you don't
get ads what about people like us then
well what would happen is you know
people who aren't in YouTube red yep
would still watch the ads but the people
who aren't YouTube red that watch
ourself then we get a cut of YouTube red
not of YouTube red would that hurt or
not is the question like what is the guy
so here's where it's probably crap but
no less crap than ad revenue kind of for
people who don't know YouTube ad revenue
is crap here's here's what I'm going to
say I'm not at all an insider okay
that's what I will stay but I make ads I
make commercials right yeah that is part
of how I earn a living so I'm just
speaking from my experience in that the
the ad driven system is crumbling the
the way in which people sell ads is not
working what's not working specifically
there's too many ad revenue there's too
many ad revenues there's too many places
to run ads it's too hard to track
effectiveness of ads okay and so
advertisers are
less and wanting more and that means
content creators are getting less and
getting less and getting less it's the
important part no other way to no other
way to say it here hey can I use my
sword now did I level up okay no wait I
am using my sword though
so what is what is the proper solution
so if you know if you think about like
ad revenue in the same way you think
about inflation right yeah where
eventually like you know nowadays it
costs 17 bucks to go see a movie whereas
back in the day a cost a nickel
yeah it's the same it's the same idea
with ad revenue right now there's so
many ads and there's so many revenues to
see ads ads have started to become not
effective okay
and so products you know so no one's
gonna pay for ads so no one's gonna pay
content providers to run ads in if this
all makes sense so we need a better way
to provide money to content creators so
you look at stuff like YouTube red it's
not it's not fun but or patreon or
patron exactly giving money directly to
the creators that is oh that guy
shooting arrows at me I don't want to
fight this guy can you can you magic him
would you imagine me that might be my
shit tonight I'm still in this menu
ads have never been affected says it's
filled up when I missed you so bad yeah
tell that the coca-cola here's here
ready for ready for some truth ready for
a ready for a solid analogy got a
standard television versus cable
television back in the day we had
standard television advertisement works
great because everybody watched it yeah
cable television came along and there
are more places for advertisers to run
but there was also more creativity
amongst cable shows cable became wildly
popular because they weren't beholden to
the same rules that standard television
yeah was beholden to but but the whole
initial premise behind cable television
is you pay for it you don't get ads am I
wrong in that you might be wrong in that
well you might be wrong in that bond
because you paid for cable we got a
wider variety of shows with better
budgets hmm big height didn't because I
don't have you don't have cable right
it's not worth the 50 bucks a month that
one show right okay I like this way
better
right so I'm losing out but but see this
is so more of the story is things like
patreon things like YouTube bread our I
think in the long run good because they
get it's it's a way to get away from fun
it's a way to get away from the ad
system which I do believe will eat
itself eventually and that is you know
like I said not an insider but coming
from someone who makes advertising I can
see the end someone who makes
advertisements and who makes content are
there ads in the future of space yes yes
there are and here's the thing there
will always be ads always still trying
to figure out like how you how you get
the magic stab
Kandee smack says i'm sleeping and
missed all the fun
oh oh you just you just missed the Chad
keyboard shaming me that's all you
missed there was some massive keyboard
shaming yep
massive WASD shaming
chant explain to me how I had an idea Oh
gun gun explain to me how I do the mega
back Sam Jack needs to know how to do
the mega back spat back backstab before
before we get off of ads and space cob
yeah I I had an idea for Space Camp that
wouldn't work because we would need
permission to use a famous logo but I
wanted there to be a giant billboard in
space for like McDonald's or some kind
of big brand huh
that would just be like lit up and you
would see it in the sky like 24 hours a
day like blocking out part of the moon
it's a joke that would only really work
if you could use like a famous brand
like coca-cola or McDonald's or
something like that yeah that will that
will not be in the movie only if it was
immediately recognizable that it was an
advertiser yes otherwise it just wins
all right
the loop Oman a lot of magic potion
now fuck we are playing this game on a
ps4 this is true
we are playing this game on a ps4 we are
playing this game until we do our super
spooky hair movie giveaway which will
happen sometime tonight
when will our LM by DreamWorks in
negative every years which I don't know
what that means but probably never what
is the worst game you have ever finished
that's an odd question that's an
interesting question this is like
terrible games you just don't finish or
just came close to finishing or like
what's the worst case she just kept plan
finished finished finished finished yeah
I'm not a super big this probably gonna
be an unpopular one in the chat but I've
never been a huge jak and daxter fan and
I finished jak and daxter first one the
the courser legacy I think sure so
there's that I just still wouldn't call
it a bad game but for a bad game I
probably never would have finished it
I'm just not super fond of it sure in
isolation yeah yeah oh wait
Mass Effect 3 Mass Effect 3 oh the order
1886 yeah but it's almost a cheat
because it was part of the you know the
review yeah yeah games that we have to
finish because the review don't
necessarily count
jesus H Christ yeah how do I do that
consistently no no loopy new
what what colored explosion did I choose
in in Mass Effect 3 I've read that was
yeah the ending cinematic is basically
the same they just changed the color of
the explosion that happens really yep
really really really oh that's kind of
fucked up
I chose red because fuck everybody at
that point
you play for a bit Oh getting a little
tight a little little tired she was up a
chair hey he's coming up when he's good
all right where are we at where are we
going what's what's the direction here
exactly when I'm looking at the chaton
oh oh oh you kid well there's gonna be a
guy behind you
okay well that was that was quick
so right when you wake up to the fire
you can go down that you can go down a
ladder or you can go out that way I seem
to get a little farther by going down
the ladder so maybe you want to do that
well no there I don't think there were
any I could kick his ass some of that
sure remember you can lock on with our
oh my god oh yeah they got a little
harder
they got a little harder why did you
hear the the Marvel FoxNews what lets us
in a move not really anyone cares about
Marvel has traded Fox for the rights to
the Fantastic Four what are the trade
they trade that they traded the movie
rights to Fantastic Four for the TV
rights for x-men oh okay that makes
sense yep
so now Fox has x-men for TV and Marvel
has Fantastic Four for movies just in
time to be useless other than as cameo
appearances in the movies I don't think
people are going to accept another
another Fantastic Four movie at this
point
oh not anytime soon not anytime soon but
they got him yeah I don't know what like
they would care so Marvel is essentially
just abandoned the x-men well they've
had to yeah they've had to abandon
mutants because another company copy
written copy Rotem where's this lighter
your elbow to your left it's not signed
no no it's in that pit right there okay
there's a couple fast and strong fuckers
down there but that seems to be the way
I made the most progress I never I never
thought the x-men really fit in the
Marvel Universe
anyway the x-men always seemed like they
needed their own universe because how do
you how do you reconcile fear and hatred
of mutants and then all the other
superheroes who have a slightly
different origin are completely
exhibited right I love Captain America
vyd Wolverine and go fucking son
I'm racist against these particular
people who are indistinguishable from
these other people never it never made
sense to me they needed their own
universe in my mind always you know I
guess I could be with that I guess I
could be with that like it made it made
sense specifically in the Captain
America sense because you know he was
America's mutant no one beats up my
little brother but me I like that
Captain Marvel she's strong and flies
around but I hate that rogue she's
strong and flies around good sushi too
yeah and you know I get like I said it
doesn't really matter because no one
cares about the Fantastic Four anymore
and I guess you know I guess people
still like the x-men but they got their
own movie thing now and this my blood
borne gun yes
the repost gun yeah yeah if you can get
behind them and I think if you can do if
you get behind them and the only way
I've been able to get it to work is by
two quick stabs on their back and then
you get the mega kill or just slash
slash slash now that guy behind he wakes
up that's up in front of you now behind
you now he wakes up
didn't road steal her powers from
Captain Rob yes that's why I used that
analogy they have the exact same powers
one of them is loved yes and one of them
is hated yep
wait this is just like the time you said
the unaltered Star Wars trilogies are
coming to blue earth they are that's
what they said that was announced well
what is just like that
oh the Fantastic Four thing what what is
just like this time the star what is it
I can't me assume that's what they're
talking about Fantastic Four hasn't this
was a major announcement oh it's a rumor
oh yeah it's still something to talk
about how about that still something to
talk about it's not like Marvel's gonna
do anything with the x-men TV rights
right it's not like Marvel's doing
anything with x-men at all anymore
anyway they've got their inhuman thing
now I just don't think the Fantastic
Four have much to offer the Marvel
Cinematic Universe because they've been
so damaged in the movies except his side
characters and other people's films sure
sure
who Jon Hamm is Rita Richards first of
all Jon Hamm as anything is great cuz
Jenna Hamm is great Clive Owen Clive
Owens I think is a little too he's a
little too rough
you know Clive Owen is like he's more
the thing Ben Reed Richards Jon Hamm is
Reed Richards though that would work
Reed Richards is not is not super strong
action man yeah I'm sorry I am suck get
there rich good good
I don't know what happened to me can you
get good for like not one second it's
utterly impossible
yeah you've been playing all this time
my brains been elsewhere yeah I didn't
really feel like gaming video I just
felt like goofing off and talking okay
really felt do you want me to play just
give me a break and then I'll play it I
don't I don't have I'm ready a fucking
movie giveaway me too I'm ready for me
to J's working I don't have the 3d s yet
I did order a 3ds for the capture card
over over a month ago we're getting on
two months and it still hasn't come back
game we need to take a break like before
we do movie giveaways we're gonna take a
break we're gonna we're gonna find some
so what we're doing for the horror movie
giveaway is we're gonna be playing the
kids media app trivia game and probably
a lot of people who didn't see that and
probably a lot of people didn't see that
we we we tested this out the other day
and I had a lot of fun with it so there
is a slightly conservative app called
the kids media app that gives you
descriptions of movies based on how
child friendly and Oh goddamn awful yes
I'm awful
you are on and so the app will tell you
it
what cuss words are in it it tells you
the violence level it tells you the
consumerism level it really does and it
tells you a bunch of stuff on whether or
not it's appropriate for children and I
think the app is hilarious and so what
we will be doing is picking random
movies from the app and trying to get
people to guess the movie based off of
the description from this slightly
conservative kids app and the winner
will will win a random movie from Jay's
personal collection you when your
continuous hit streak and I believe
they're all horror movies but these are
just random and they're all horror
movies these are movies that Jay wants
to clear off of the shelf
that's okay judge trying to face that
one rich just watched termina one and
two watch your commentary Terminator one
I pretty much agree with your opinions
on t2 if in t2 Arnold killed all the
bikers at the home can we scroll up so I
can actually read that basically if
Arnold had killed a bunch of people cuz
at the bar he's just he doesn't he
doesn't kill anybody in the movie how
thing human yeah he only harmed the
bikers before meeting up with John
Connor
would that have made him as a good guy
more palatable cuz I think I had a
complaint they watered down Arnold and
and teach him I thought it would've been
more interesting if he he did kill
people before John Connor instructed him
not to what I have like that more i I
don't like making him a good guy in the
first place I think is my problem
hmm when it comes down to t1 and versus
versus T - yeah I much prefer Kyle Reese
and the man versus machine motif man
versus merciless killing machine over
killing machine versus slightly more
efficient killing machine one of these
things I can get emotionally invested in
sure and the other one is just kind of
special effects in action without
without some kind of heart I can get
invested in so I don't know that it
would make much of a difference in my
love of T - mmhmm that's a really good
point by the by the way everyone I just
screamed fuck you because as I went as I
touched my computer to scroll the chat
so rich could read that I got an
electric shock oh yeah and it's like the
8th static shock that I've gotten from
that computer tonight and I know I was
upset at my computer not at you
I know that takes a while to get back
into the slope but rich I totally agree
with you on that like the the man versus
the unstoppable killing machine that's
what that's what I think people like
most about zombie flicks is it's less
about the zombies and more like this
unstoppable wave right it's just death
itself the inevitability of death that's
what people like about those types of
movies how do you fight something that
doesn't have a conscience
you know something dead how do you fight
death it's inevitable exactly exactly
you can kill 100 zombies there's a
million more behind them yeah you're not
going to win Oh
yep that's actually one of the hardest
things to get used to in from software
games is the triggers are all of the
fighting buttons usually you're used to
you know the button pad how come he
doesn't get up and so I killed this guy
unless I go up on this bridge well
that's the trigger
yep
my mark top yeah my laptop I keep I keep
shocking it I need to touch something
else in metal before it touch it I guess
I don't need to kill this guy but I just
want to get better at it
right
Thanks nice knowing you do need to go if
you've dropped if you decide to drop
down that way he'll follow you so yeah I
think I came from there yeah that's
where I came Oh cuz I gotta climb up
work my day yep
oh you just got a little sword he's not
gonna wreck it he's good practice I
don't have any I haven't paying
attention to playing hardly at all yeah
I have any of their attack patterns like
down like how many times he swings
that's all alien to me right sure sure
I think that's very important in this
game knowing when you safely attack nice
sometimes then there comes a little
pause before they do that third and
fourth it is he diners eat crabs is a
real hero even being oh man I'm I like
walking dead so much I'm in do it
if I wait you like the walking under me
you're just I'm just thinking about you
that season he didn't like the season 2
of The Walking Dead is is slow and bad
since even season 1 was starting to drag
a bit since season 2 I think I think the
show has gotten exponentially better see
it feels like the dodging is better in
blood-borne - that's just me I don't
know or maybe you're just used to it the
gun makes a shockingly big difference
you know you do and you do have your
magic shooter staff oh you have 29 soul
arrows so yeah now if you head to the
left left
oh no no like you're just sitting out
there oh that's kind of where I was
heading okay there's a spooky guy that
can wake up right there oh nice myst no
charge tech yeah
and that just that could be the weapon
or the fact that we're a magic guy
so walking that good oh you know what I
didn't find
very good and I'm sure you didn't want
this because you didn't care but I sure
as hell watched it is the Supergirl TV
show oh yeah I definitely don't care
yeah yeah no there's a big dude over
there yeah got a half deal the big dude
maybe oh those barrels blow up better
next year just let me know that's how I
died so Supergirl TV show I said this on
the Twitter's but I thought it was a hot
mess of a show oh really
yeah I miss other people seem to like it
oh and I was surprised so the question
is what is wrong with you you know that
many many things are here I think that
other people like it for two reasons one
because it is something that is better
than Man of Steel which of course is not
a hard feat to accomplish yep but a lot
of a lot of the positive things that I
was reading about it was like oh this
has the tone that man of steel should
have had light-hearted and blah blah
blah yeah a lot of talk about the tone
of the show not necessarily the script
Oh
or the are the acting but I and I do
agree by the way that the tone of the
show is is correct and overall it's
better than Manistee I just don't think
it's very good
I think what what what Oh fucking TV
fucking man
Oh terribly how are you doing
yeah hey Lauren well good let's let's
get set up
whoo I'm fortunately dead yep it
happened again we'll be back hey
everybody we're salmon stream we'll be
back in a moment with our super spooky
movie giveaway bye
