Episode 264
Rich plays Vanquish (partial Rich solo)
November 26, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkWrEcZkS6E
___________________________________________

one of the reasons I'm playing through
the destroy I'll just uh just a bit of a
warm-up for me
this game looks really fucking nice on
this TV Butler TV at the studio just a
little bit nicer than the one I got at
home so this is as good as vanquish is
ever gonna look
this is one of the only shooters I feel
at all comfortable with clang using a
game play gamepad but oh when I would I
love a PC port of this game that would
be the best thing ever
all right know what cutscenes are going
on let me see if I can find a way to
squeeze in shad here
yeah
there we go there we go all right I can
kind of see the chatting only like five
lines at at once right game audio is
quiet all right I said I can do about
that me a second here
yep
as that is that to quieter is that good
how's that does a game audion Oh
yes this is just an early stream Jacobi
by Erno our so game audio's about the
same that's weird that should have went
up a lot I'm trying more time and we'll
see what happens
now I know what's gonna have it I was
gonna say oh my god that's too loud
we'll see we'll see the dulcet tones of
rich Evans is enough now what I'm
playing this and I'm dead silent silent
smelter wedge and all of us thank you
for subscribing 14 months in a row we
really appreciate it
and straight away you really do
there's no video now oh well I should
have to turn that back on oh my god
there we go thank you thank you for that
heads up that would have been
embarrassing
this game is called vanquish and after
this lengthy cutscene and this lengthy
cutscene there's almost no more
cutscenes in the game just short ones
but I enjoy the cutscenes so I'm going
to watch them and then I'm going to
shoot robots and it's gonna be a lot of
fun the face camera just isn't on right
now I've I got limited monitors to work
with a comeback I got a headache I'm not
doing it it's fine everything's fine let
me to set up a fucking green screen on
my own what do I look like somebody who
does stuff so that just sounds like a
huge pain in the ass
women and children their loss is deeply
felt by every
to those who
we will not negotiate with those who
wish to destroy us
our strength is unmatched our will we
will be victorious god bless you
yeah
Sam Darwin said him to come along
witness
yes this game is what America is all
about killing killing space commies is
really the American Way when do you
think rich what do you think we'll get a
new Star Trek TV show I believe the PTAs
sometime in 2016 or early 2017 I forgot
which but supposedly it's coming to CBS
streaming yes the arse the guy is our
stridden on his his suit stands for
augmented reactions speeds up your brain
which which is conveniently bullet time
we'll get the professor back this place
how even this suit runs on his energy
designs he's too valuable to kill I know
it's the toy you've been working on
even scratched did some training in this
thing Chad I think I've heard of Steel
Battalion but I have never played steel
battalion I think I've just heard of it
I don't know much about it I was at the
one where they sold their own wacky
giant controller that was like a fucking
cockpit
I I wish to God I could play this in my
PC no this is this is a ps3 right now
we're in control just so we can walk
down the highway the game will have
cutscenes again after this and then
after that it's pretty much pretty much
non-stop action
I might be missing some people here and
there but I'll get you later ray gun and
Willie h2o thank you both for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Willie h2o with over the 14 months
yeehaw
really appreciate it thank you jack
why did they knock it out
sucked outside because because they're
too manly to get sucked outside
the power of masculinity keeps them from
going where they don't want to go
I'm glad to finally get your name right
the first time Willie I see that at a
glance at a glance I want to say Wylie
because it goes Megaman really I don't I
don't know many Willie's
now people who'd cutscene but I think
this one's just just it's just badass
the ships coming in and blowing
everything up and then when the ship
gets in and robots start blowing
everything up and then there's a bit I
like coming up but the camera just like
zooms in under the one of those little
tiny ships
yeah this little shot in here I don't
know something about it just makes me
smile I can't be some suit who's into
the little summary in the cockpit
this is my therapy game what is a
therapy game this is a game I go to
frequently because it's really really
fucking fun when am I gonna review this
game I reviewed this game way back in
game station 2.0 this old-school
he thought this cutscene was an ad did
you think it was an ad for something
that was fucking awesome
okay tart let's have horses it's a game
you play to make you feel better yeah I
guess this would this would count his
neck a cigarette and then then we're
gonna shoot at things okay
I'm just moving cigarette now
there we go
and want that gun
all righty we're blowing shit up
oh no you don't
should probably be letting guys get
wounded and sorry to grab some weapon
upgrades if you heal up a little
troopers they drop a weapon
this is on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
I would I would desperately love for it
to be on the PC desperately but I don't
think it's gonna happen any time like
ever unless unless or maybe until I
guess it'll happen sooner or later ps3
or xbox emulation becomes a thing I'm
just gonna go around grab some things
that I left lying there earlier and then
we're gonna shoot a giant egg thing in a
bit giant tank robot because because
awesome
what got me to try this in the first
place I saw I don't I don't know what
what got this in my YouTube like you
know recommended videos but I'd like a
recommended video just some gameplay of
this game and I was just watching you
know you fly around and on your rocket
boots and I'm like that looks fucking
awesome I went out and bought it the
next day
you guys are late he usually walks down
a bit earlier
you can you can cripple the robots I
don't recommend it but little guys
because then they you blow their legs
off they go all kamikaze and they crawl
toward you towards you and they blow up
and kill this guy
heavy machine-gun I'm not using that one
relevant the projection
an upgrade tube
this game has the best shotgun and the
best sniper rifle does get business game
does everything perfect
I get two all the time it doesn't die
what you got what you got what you got
shotgun
yes upgrade that shotgun as much as
possible because the shotgun in this
game is the best thing ever
I think our sapping something
I keep missing
and they blew up my ship oh those
fuckers let's play around some shotgun
Arius
enemy reinforcements are closing in on
your position are there any other ways
to get up top it looks like you're just
going to have to fight through this one
we may set up the FaceCam when Jack
shows up or maybe not whatever it's fine
it's not like it's not like we're
abandoning it
Oh second up break you
all right you're gonna die before I can
blow your head off
whatever it's all the same aah
the main gate is you need to get up
there and opened burns I need some
backup right you two escorts and
everyone else provide cover
hey you know what I'll save that I might
need a refill the upgrade and
additionally to upgrading a weapon also
refills it
waiting when they're off the ship to
shoot those guys cuz they drop an
upgrade in the ship it'll just leave oh
there's one of those kamikaze fuckers I
was talking about they kill you in one
hit they've ruined several no death run
attempts in this game which I've still
not done successfully I could probably
do it on casual it is the easy
difficulty the easy difficulty in this
game UI you'd have to try to die sorry
III don't play this game and anything
less than normal still should be earned
yes I know jack wants to play swindle
right now III would rather play awesome
I don't know anything about swindle
swindle might be great
but this this is this is definitely in
the running for my favorite game of all
time so yeah I'm playing this
defense
it's time to bust out the bigger machine
gun sweep away
see all those missiles flying toward you
and slow-mo that great
oh you want a mo fucker you fucker I was
a waste
fuck and he hit me
do down there see on the radar that that
light blue bigger dot that's somebody in
trouble
don't know
get out of there
get out of there get out of there get
out of there
oh shit
yeah
what what horseshit
horseshit
there goes my no deathrun
no there are no Mulligan's this is a
failed no death run that totally counts
as a death which felt kind of like
bullshit I don't think I was yeah
whatever whatever
many times have I completed it um well
at least you I've had a lot of partial
completed no death runs I've got like
halfway through before I die
there are also some fairly actually
extremely difficult like challenge
missions you can play like separately
from the main game
hey what's up
we're straight we're streaming
and I had an early death jack early do I
hate that I hate that so much I'm gonna
no death run this game one of these
fucking days one of these fucking days
it's gonna happen yeah I I didn't bother
item one item I didn't I had enough time
getting that fucking bow captured thing
to work I could not get that fucking el
gato to work so yeah what interviews the
other one I fucked around that's so long
I after that I didn't feel like fucking
around the camera to the green screen
and all that shit yeah I have no idea
how old that volumes captured all right
so you said we're gonna play swindle him
is what you want to play
testing testing testing to DQ job
he fainted but he didn't open his
systems expense area he didn't open his
area yeah was private bits this
sensitive ball
he just kicked a bunch of grenades at me
he dropped a whole bunch of grenades and
then he just kicked them I don't think
I've ever seen him do that one before
yeah
okay I'm hearing out for real hi
everybody
hey what's up now you can hear me okay
so what has been going on what are we've
been talking about oh my god I got
killed again Wow Wow I am I am having a
shitty vanquish day no I'm very sorry
that's all right that's all right rich
didn't feel like setting up the FaceCam
so no face cam I spent like an hour
literally an hour trying to get the
capture card to work actually it was
more like an hour and a half uh uh yeah
I I eventually didn't even use the
elgato oh I use the older one just
saying like a window capture yeah okay
yeah and you know what yours is weird
with the Agatha went out when ice cream
with the Elgato
OBS recognizes it as a video input
source oh I don't need to open up
another program yeah all right I went in
the video capture like recognized it
didn't appear yeah it's crazy
we're both running Windows 7 we both
have the same stuff downloaded but it
doesn't work for you and it works for me
we'll figure it out
Jack what's that on your shirt oh you
guys can't see me cuz I wear things on
my shirt no I like like they can see you
it's June oh god I was no video at all I
was going to answer that it's a plain
red shirt I'm wearing a plain red shirt
yeah I know we'll survive without a face
game I've I've gotten used to the face
cam only for um for the highlights there
they're significantly funnier when you
see our faces yeah I've grown to love us
green screen down the corner of our
videos that's how I want to shoot all of
our videos from now and all of like us
playing live footage all I want to do is
shoot us in the corner on green screens
because I think it's the greatest you
get to see more of the game but we're
still there it's my favorite I'm no I am
NOT drunk I haven't had anything to
drink today it's gonna fire its large
radius laser
hi I'm back
I was importing all the footage rich and
I shot an episode today we shot our
steam controller prereq up so today I
was importing and organizing all the
footage it was so awesome had a very
nice discussion I'm slightly out of
focus in the episode but that's fine Oh
God really
yeah one of the hassles of not having a
crew and sometimes we're slightly out of
focus but that's ok not enough no not
enough world where anyone will notice
just me well and of course now that I've
told people oh yeah no notice but that's
fine well that's fine
I've got oh I know it siberius Kirk and
really like I should do I should just
use autofocus well no I shouldn't use
autofocus we use autofocus sometimes the
coaches out if you move too much but
really I should have just had rich sit
down in my chair so I could focus on him
but we were moving we were we set up at
a really good clip today I was really
happy with our setup clip or set up
speed yeah yeah you know we were we were
really moving today setting up so I
didn't want to ruin the momentum by
focusing or whatever that's next
that's next on the agenda replacing the
cloth backdrop with walls all right
I'm having a terrible fucking day at
least I might well okay I almost died
right there but I'm not dead I'm having
a fucking awful awful banger stager yeah
I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry about your awful things
we stay fuckers killed me twice fucking
twice you almost got him though I should
have had him the first fucking time
really fallout 4 is receiving bad
reviews lost all those weapons that were
trapped on the ground oh I'm sorry
look we are the last people you want
review and fallout 4 not at all really
earlier with the other game oh yeah I
know we would do a really bad job yeah I
know we're not gonna review fall we've
been we've been yelled at it off
I think after after Metal Gear we're
gonna take a little break from beloved
franchises for a little bit just just
gonna cool off I'm beloved but possibly
misunderstood franchises this is the
kind of obscure shit I end up like
vanquish
which is the perfect perfect pace speed
but people are saying it's it's getting
it's getting up it's getting batteries
that's really weird well I feel sorry
for everyone I was looking forward to it
why why bad reviews what's it doing
wrong I don't know I'm getting there
alone Horacio Svetlana Jack I really
like prereq but it comes out so
sporadically I can't watch it like a
show and I think that's part of what's
holding it back not asking for an
explosion since I know they take so long
it's just something I need to say and I
agree her idea we we've been as everyone
knows a large portion of all of our
times basically finishing space guys
been finishing space gap and quite soon
we won't have to worry about that
anymore or possibly now or possibly
quite soon or possibly we'll always have
to worry about that because it'll never
be finished we didn't film it episode
today we did was a four hours of first
four hours of yep there's that been in
the can actually for like a month and a
half and just haven't had time to edit
it fast motion I have have been really
really pushing to get some some shots
done and handy but damn straight up well
the point the point is I agree with you
is is we need to get we need to
concentrate on getting them out faster I
think that's something that first four
hours us can help accomplish and rocket
power kick up the stairs that is not
practical
you cannot rocket me glide up stairs
like that did you just see me I I saw
you but that's not how it really works
in real life these are magic rocket
boots Jack a magical rocket boots from
pure real life yeah that's true this is
gonna be fun
okay apparently follow-up for is getting
low review by obsidian fanboys mad that
obsidian won't be touching the series
anymore around the colony and most other
people don't for I don't know whose
obsidian who created the series in the
first place and why is it obsidian doing
it anymore I don't I don't understand
these things that's why we're not doing
an episode on yeah so is prereq
exclusively a review show or can it be a
commentary show as well like what kind
of leave me my commentary explain
yourself Tiberius Kirk
explain yourself you know like our our
controller episode is you know they're
all review / commentaries what my cover
I've never seen that happen there we
have conversations
MC Lucas says I'm getting bad
information from the chat about fallout
4 getting bad reviews I am so surprised
that the chat is giving me bad
information rich I would have never
guessed
you know I haven't went around this
giant laser cannon pretty neat
it eats up your your your boost and slow
down time power though for ammo just the
drawback so fast that one down that's
fun though yeah that's a neat weapon oh
yeah ten beers paper we'll definitely be
doing more stuff like like general
gameplay stuff you know we did the
episode on like quick time events and
you know look back so I can sell to to I
really enjoyed stuff like that hey we're
in the mood for we'll do whatever we're
in the mood for we might have to do one
of those just because I don't know what
games are coming out in tanks I don't
know what we're gonna do next a lot more
no no I don't want it either oh I'm sure
it's fine I'm sure it's absolutely fine
I don't need to be told I'm not a real
gamer again because I don't like the
right games you just you just you just
didn't understand it rich it's meant to
be bad whatever we're talking about
hey Colin hello welcome it was way back
in the day me a bunch of bunch of such
people who who did you know like amateur
moviemaking like me it might used to do
in high school yeah I had to get
together okay and people who kind of
organize that they were John blue fans
and again it came up in conversation
look I'm sure sure all of us here were
influenced by John Woo and I'm just
thinking well no I really really wasn't
like at all like in any way shape or
form
insurance my jaanu that's fine person
yeah no no I didn't did a matte shape my
life
ya know in the way you seem to think he
shaved everyone's life yeah now that you
know John Woo has a particular style a
little little schlock bill that's fun
but yeah I'm not for everyone one
person's beloved franchise is just
another person's that thing I heard of
I'm sure it's fine John allude I think
was very influential on shitty
low-budget filmmakers like before before
the matrix came out and everyone was
ripping off the matrix that's all they
would rip off his John Woo yeah because
they think they would think they would
make action movies like general if you
got you got some slow-mo doves and you
got some guys in trench coats and guns
before the matrix you will rip it off
down move
Colin the Canadian guy yep that's
sergeant Zima 69 no big in the chat we
all like Colin from jamming us can we
get out Caminada mm Oh Colin from cam
Emma
well rich and Jack trashed Batman then
they liked it because their objective
a-holes we said what we said oh I said I
want to talk for Jack that gameplay-wise
it wasn't as good as the earlier games
and it's not that doesn't mean it's
necessarily all of it was terrible I
hated the Batmobile stuff but it wasn't
all Batmobile stuff that's there was
still no enough of the classic fighting
the stuff was watered down for what it
was in the air old games but it wasn't
completely horrible horrible I would
have rather played the other two games I
think we said quite blatantly that the
storytelling was really good and that's
what gave it a pass what's the what's
the problem this is the thing I remember
view I thought was like really
even-handed like oh there were parts I
enjoyed there were parts that I didn't
enjoy let's discuss those like you know
the internet doesn't like that you have
to either love something and explain why
you love it or hate it and tell why you
hate it you can't you can't have it both
ways but how could a game do good if
parts of the game aren't good rich
because parts of the game look good we
exist the internet exists in a world of
no gray area who was that who was that I
demand to know who made it so you can't
have a gray area no no in the chat that
bitched about that I don't know if they
were bitching or like giving an example
of being funny I don't know Lord's
saying all right I got your name now we
know who you are why what lord san oh
god sees a Dragonball Z jerk like
Dragonball bunch of people and they
found out named the power punch
just Lord cou you're calling upon I know
you're asking for the wrath of the
internet making fun of when he reaches
the new level no actually everybody's a
Super Saiyan now because they all
learned the secret technique for math or
genu
now we've discovered that Gohan ku I can
go mega fan so go on who is the grandson
of Gohan and Goku two actually merged
together in an episode pretty cool
actually
one of those airing on Cartoon Network I
was like morbidly fascinated with yeah
it was interesting I wasn't really like
in love with it but it's just I like
amazed that they would have like two
episodes a day and yet one fight scene
with last two weeks tab or e HK yes I'm
always jealous of the Super Saiyan hair
I'm jealous of everyone's hair anyone
who has hair I'm jealous of yes I know
philately I know they sound like real
Dragonball facts there's a fun fact you
can't tell Dragonball facts from
nonsense
I hate donut I heard about that WB is
offering refunds for the arkham knight
pc purchases like no matter how much you
play the game you can get a refund this
is the release to then at the the
updated version possibly I mean like
this is a new thing to say it is this
again I know they they they recently you
know quote-unquote
patched it and are selling it again but
apparently it's still pretty broken oh
yeah yeah
oh yeah I've seen ghost in the shell'
the the anime the animated movie ghost
in the shell' I enjoyed it it's been a
while it's been a long long while since
I've seen it but I remember enjoying it
when I saw it a while ago that's all I
have to say about that I know Colin I
know it's it's it's very sad but we
should be happy about this which he said
he's backing up all the space cop
footage on his hard drive ok and he's
very sad about that that he's backing it
up yeah that he's done working on it
that he that his part is done that's a
relief for me it's it's wonderful and
sad and and more wonderful let's be
honest here's the real wonderful thing
is people can can the wonderful thing
will be when people are able to watch it
I am so excited for people to see it
because I think it's really funny this
is an odd thing for somebody who's on
camera all the time yeah I'm always
extremely apprehensive about being on
camera and this is a whole movie with
like me front and center and oh god oh
god
yep
I think I think that's okay I think
people are like that all the time even
even people like you who are on camera
all the time this is still like a I
don't watch me though like who's the UH
there's just an article about this
recently that old lady who is in the
Harry Potter movies in on Downton Abbey
she's like she doesn't watch herself and
give a performance yeah the same
response huh the same that's to me I
can't
well well she doesn't do it because she
doesn't want it to influence her
performance like she watch the dailies
and she's like oh I don't want to like
see something I do and then have that
change my performance you know the
character I'm giving you just I want to
see it cuz you're not company yeah oh
yeah yeah
I know nothing about where J and Mike
plan on premiering distributing I have
no idea how they plan to release the
movie when it's done I can only assume
there will be some sort of digital
download dvd/blu-ray combo thing I know
we have talked hypothetically about some
sort of screened live premiere thing but
I think our first thing first was we had
to actually get copies getting them
print you know shipped and I'm gonna say
like step one yeah is finishing the
movie
step two only very recently very
recently Colin we're not going to
Toronto or will go to Thrones I've I
don't know what oh my god it's storming
up a storm out there
okay Colin you've convinced me we'll go
to Toronto I say that not having any say
in the matter
yeah by the way yeah just for everyone
to know I'm just gonna say yeah we'll go
anywhere engine mush shouts look great
people just see the rest of the movie
what is this shit what is this crap hey
maybe you know what maybe I don't think
so though I think people are gonna like
it I like it
professor princess will you come to my
house I have food I don't know probably
not I don't know a man do we have any
recommendation recommendations on what
game you should buy with your Arkham
Knight money Oh what do you like I know
yeah get that get that farming simulator
yeah yeah yeah you get that farming
simulator it'll be great
you know what game that I've been
playing recently that I really have been
enjoying what this window something I'm
gonna play later say what I'll get
through this section we also have to
play FTL because I was promised oh
that's true that's true so I could I can
actually stop this now or I could play
through this next section yeah grab
later I'm gonna I'm gonna check out the
chat you do you get if you enjoy the
thing I'm calling the swindle is a
sneaky spelunky so if you like spelunky
but wanted a little more sneakiness
you get the swindle I've been really
really enjoying
you know what
that's right
Oh
works like that that works it works
right right now
just to tease you guys because we don't
have the cam on I'm showing rich some SF
some special effect shots from space cut
some stuff I was getting down the other
night and I'm kind of happy with
I will be getting the expansion for
bloodborne absolutely I am looking for
any excuse to play blood-borne again and
I'm really excited about it rich there's
some sort of robot dog attacking you yep
gonna put that out there their cover is
a robot that's alive oh really yeah
that's great
that's funny
say
if they could make FTL - what would you
expand about it no more events kind of
perfect more events I would love you
know it's something we talk about a lot
but more diplomatic options I think
would be fantastic oh my god that's
awesome you know more just different
ways to play different strategies
because you know I usually end up
falling for kind of the same strategy
over and over again you know get
teleporters flak cannon of course yeah
got a flak it up other things do work
though it's not like they don't work oh
yeah yeah but you know efficiency is key
so just just more I would just I would
just have to be happy with more just
more
daddy
yep
what what what yes
hey Jimmy Jam 5 I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna repeat this question but the
answer is yes I did and yes I did and so
far nobody has noticed I didn't tell
anybody and I was really excited about
that because I've been I've been waiting
for someone to call me out on it and so
far no one has oh my grace
you missed the question on purpose I I
did not repeat the question purpose it's
true I'm pregnant I was oh wow that was
frightening
that's awesome as what that is that
there I I don't know if you could hear
that with the microphones but there was
a an impotent act full thunderclap
outside do I need no I don't need eggs
but thank you mr.glitcha I'm fine
tonight is one of the few nights where I
don't need eggs I have three eggs for
tomorrow unless Lisa used an egg for
something but I'm unaware of I would be
so pissed you said I'll pop my eggs
but I will need to get eggs tomorrow but
I was planning on going grocery shopping
anyway we need some stuff peanut butter
eggs of course
target if you're gonna back here how
sweet
target limits with this weapon little
buzz song yeah
there is a storm outside if I had to
play a game again Call of Duty the order
1886 or alien isolation I might play
call of duty just because I didn't get
like all that far in that and even
though its generic it moves along fast
night call of duty and it's kind of a
multiplayer thing how do you define
playing through that Call of Duty has a
single-player mission mode so and and
it's short I guess I don't I don't like
it much but it's a game it's a game it'd
be more of a game than the order and it
would take less time than alien so I
would choose normal duty oh good idea
Swedish Swedish al Swedish owl says Jack
I saw an old FTL stream on YouTube and
we had talked about doing a no pause
room yeah maybe tonight was gonna be
using the Steve
oh that's right we were gonna use this
team I'm not doing steam controller and
oh pastor sure that's a thank you for
reminding us of that though that's funny
but we're good we're gonna use the steam
controller all right you want to set
that up no sure all right
still huh I'll be doing for Tillery
swindle your call uh do do to do to do
to do well but this we've made a lot of
promises about that too yeah that's
getting FTL let's do fat ole okay all
right I'm going to update the stream
here
yeah Wisconsin it just started like
torrential downpour ins outside and I'm
a little frightened but it's gonna be ok
we might lose power at any conceivable
moment yay
lose power we're gonna play FTL rich is
gonna be playing though so there's a
good chance that will actually win which
is always exciting i'll backseat game
and then we'll swindle alright because
i've been enjoying the heck out of
swindle i'm gonna play some more of a
wish at some point not tonight but it's
a beloved game and I would love to pull
off no depth around at some point of
what vanquish yeah FTL faster than light
playing FTL with a steam controller is
like trying to open a door while wearing
oven mitts Oh fun I'm really glad we
filmed that episode earlier this would
have made it on we would have been
unable yep to film with this if I played
XCOM in a while well I've got 900 hours
and X come or something ridiculous so I
don't think I've played that enough I
always come back to XCOM sooner or later
oh that's interesting frequently uh no I
don't think I don't think any of the
computers have like battery backups to
save exports it would suck I don't think
anything's exporting at the moment I
don't know I'm sorry that's a reference
you won't get yet but I'm do boom boom
boom boom boom top 5 Pokemon that's a
great question yeah
yep that's a great one too that's too
rich ok great
but yep turtle turtle turtles a great
one
one more the caterpillar yep he's great
I I like I like ghastly I like
ghost-type pokémon oh yeah
mostly because I like I like poison and
status effect and he gasps Lee has curse
which I one of my favorite moves and
these are older generation so I don't
know like if these moves have been
balanced in the newer ones but I love
gasps Lee he's super cool gulping
because he's the cutest just a little
blob of green goo with a leaf on his
head and he's a poison type and I love
poison types
yeah the pokémon depends on which part
of the pokemons what most most of the
time a new generation equals entirely
new pokemons
okay sometimes there's some old ones and
some new ones it all depends I wonder if
that's true sometimes they keep the old
ones is it hey that's a chat is there a
Pokemon game without a Pikachu Pikachu
isn't the main guy anymore you know he's
still around he's the mascot I'm gonna
Google this is there a Pokemon game with
no Pikachu
boom Google that does not that's not the
Google the first answer from Google is
pokemon yellow which is the Pokemon
where you start with Pikachu so that's
that doesn't count
oh geez Jesus Christ
I don't know every main game every main
Pokemon game to date has had Pikachu so
they go
is there a Zelda game without link well
that's different link is the main
character Pikachu if you want to get
technical it's not like they're the same
link right they're almost always
different links you can name anything
you want it's in the game The Legend of
fart bar The Legend of somebody in a
green costume right who may or may not
have yellow hair than bran couple times
yeah really you know it's all it's it's
just the hero the generic hero but you
know Pikachu it was one out of a hundred
and fifty you know monsters packing the
answers that's a great question
huggy snuggle what you should make for
dinner depends on what's in your house
obviously for dinner I had the most
lovely avocado salad it was it was
edamame beans avocado obviously arugula
and this really amazing like pizza sauce
vinaigrette thing there's like a tomato
vinaigrette answer something is there a
Mario game without Mario if you want to
get dispensable how technical you want
to get I would argue Yoshi's Island
super mario world to where Mario is just
the baby on Yoshi's back but really
you're playing is Yoshi I think it's a
fair argument yeah that's a fair fair
argument and you got your whether or not
it's Mario game but Luigi's mentioned
yeah see like even even Yoshi's Island
is kind of is kind of a different game
than a Mario game no it's it's a sequel
to Mario World
oh sure but it's not like Mario world to
Yoshi zone it's not a like a running
jump plan
former you know yes it is well it is but
it's you know the mechanics are slightly
did yo she's island counts Luigi's
Mansion doesn't is like I'm getting okay
sorry that was a really round a
roundabout way to say that but I can do
say yeah avocado arugula tomato
vinaigrette edamame beans it's amazing
out oh yeah Mario is missing
do you remember that I remember seeing
it I don't think I ever played it yeah
that's what I want to play what do I
want to play a Mario game where Mario's
missing
that's just makes no sense hold on we
need to see all of this
Oh
okay
okay hey Jack did you hear that
CGP grey said that he watches red letter
media and rank to the Star Wars reviews
in the top 10 videos on YouTube oh oh
that's great a nice I had heard that he
was a fan and I am a big fan of his
videos she a few of us think she's good
mm-hmm informative back in the day when
I had a little more free time I would
also listen to his his podcast with
Brady hello Internet
why did I all tab I want to do something
I'm like an old man like a really old
man I completely forgot what I all
tapped out to do yeah what what was I
doing the setup and setting up the steam
controller what was I doing
I don't know I don't know all right I
got the first three when I was solo
streaming CGP grey is a he's a youtuber
he makes a jew tainment videos more on
the educational side of things he also
runs a podcast with Brady Haran who has
all those like numberphile computerphile
videos another youtuber the podcast is
called hello Internet it's very very fun
just to listen to two dudes chatting to
knowledgeable dudes chatting you can
look up his YouTube channel to see c GP
gray and I highly recommended fun short
educational videos chernobyl kinsmen Oh
Batman voice Sam Stryker 1 1 2 1 thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true we really do I was
doing a jack impression earlier when I
did the first thing what you do it's
really really do I know it sounds
nothing like you how's the final it's
real when you really know when I hear
you it's gonna drive me fucking crazy
oh we're gonna fuckin mess with the
volume
fuck it go to big picture mode I think I
just wanted to pull this up the check-in
from streaming okay I'm gonna assume
that's what I was doing because it's the
only oh we can do to plug in the fuckin
state control we need to plug in the
steam controller and go into big picture
oh my god no believe it or not the
review is not just bitching about big
picture mode I barely mention it right
and you know what that might be cut out
really yeah the big picture most of ya
cuz it's not you know big picture mode
isn't the crux of the review but it's
about the control if there's time
obviously I'll mention it I'll keep that
in but the meat of the review was about
the controller itself big picture mode
is upsetting because it takes away like
one of the things that makes PC gaming
different than console gaming which is
of course the functionality of the
entire rest of your computer my Batman
voice has replaced Kevin Conroy as your
go-to Batman voice good because it's
it's a great Batman place oh my I'm
think I'm finally out of fucking
batteries on this thing yeah so we're
sitting that's what that means but
where's my where's my cursor maybe maybe
it's because I turn it on after oh well
yeah yeah I just don't it's fine big TV
big TV your heads not that big head is
not that big I've got some got some
decent life out of these batteries on
this thing I got a say oh right you know
what my head is not big rich it's shiny
this is the real problem it's
distractingly shiny my head forgotten
how to do this cuz I know it's Lackey to
get the batteries on here you shove that
up you don't you shove that up
it's really weird lololol tu-134 I don't
know if that's spam or not but mmm
I might delete that comment what do we
think maybe maybe I don't even
understand that comment I'm gonna give
you I'm gonna give you a ten minute
timeout lololol - one two three cuz that
looked like spam to me giving out a key
or something or there was something so I
gave you a ten minute timeout
I I know nothing of what's going on i I
gave love old tu-134 a timeout okay I
don't know if I should have or not but
the thing look kind of look like spam
and I was like maybe it's not my battery
because oh I'm an idiot rich is an idiot
I didn't set up the doll the dangle oh
you gotta put the dongho's
put the dingaling yeah dr. J did you see
that kind I think it was I think it was
someone fake spamming no no that's what
I list I didn't ban this ten minute
timeout this had minute thing in the
world
that's like going to prison that's a ten
minute time out it was not that bad it's
fine
actually this evening Richard neutral
I'm not drinking beer or coffee I'm just
having water
I had a big coffee earlier when rich and
I did the episode and now I'm just
watering it out it's kind of weird
I have no depressants or stimulants
right now in my body and I don't know
how to feel about that
oh he was advertising a teamspeak server
okay great thanks oxygen then then I
should have I should have banned him
instead of just giving him a timeout but
that's okay if it happens again I will
no it's a ban ban I know I'm drinking
water hey I'm sorry I never even tried
I'm assuming F still has no native
gamepad support I can only assume I've
never tried here I would assume that as
well yeah well you know here we go all
right all right you are using the steam
controller actually we should get a
pause key why am I such a bully because
it makes me feel powerful I have set the
pause
cuz I got pause said to one of the keys
on my mouse oh sure sure
I forget which key I have that mouse
button said to what the fuck are you is
there no pause maybe page two oh there
it is a spacebar okay what's that - game
sound they're saying they're having some
difficulty hearing the game sound Oh
mommy alt-tab oh wait you can't tell tab
ah oh no oh no I'm a big-picture moded
right oh you know what
if you press you manage to get to the
desktop if you press alt tab eight times
you can get to the desktop
that's the secret but then look like the
mouse is still there but also over there
I'm just trying to turn it up a little
bit no yes oh there's nothing that's
weird that can't be right oh well maybe
now you have to go back into the game
no no that's we heard hold on everybody
hold on
well well rich tries to figure this out
I'll tell you a bully story when I was
in when I was in grade school I went to
grade school kind of down the street
from the local high school and once a
year I think it was around Halloween
yeah it's there's something we're gone I
know what it is
the question is we want to stop the
stream and start it just just Ricky
jiggered things we want to get FTL you
know FTL has a pretty amazing soundtrack
all right so we're stopping the stream
to figure out the Sun you want to stop
the stream how do you host it what do
you do okay I don't know what to do I'll
tab five times to get over there
however you have to do that okay so
first thing is turn the game volume down
significantly so now what happens if you
just hit the speaker button turn it off
turn it back on again no okay so that
now I right-click on game capture
properties any sort of audio I hit
refresh just goes to Minot okay now okay
mmm something we all got all fucked with
somehow I don't know I said still trying
to do right I will leave this I will
leave this up to you rich or we could
just you know crank it up on the TV and
hope they pick it up that way but I
don't know you know rich I don't know
what to do here so what's the consensus
they don't care we can stop sooner start
again I will be right back
