Episode 269
Smooth Criminals (The Swindle Part 3)
December 4, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSwZqDuJSGw
___________________________________________

not saying it's called army of darkness
yeah cuz they're gonna only be one movie
about an army of skeletons and that's
you know it was that a Western cuz I'm
pretty sure it wasn't the Cowboys versus
skeletons is what we're talking about
there can't be too many movies about our
army of skeletons
no that says something about the age of
the people watching us though that they
would mention army of darkness before
jason and the argonauts yeah which I
read darkness would that exist if it was
a Jason to the organelles oh I got
caught again and I thought I could quick
get a yeah thing and there's a thing
that I can buy if I can get enough money
that was slows police reaction I really
just need to stop dying the consensus on
ash vs. Evil Dead is to get to the
stream server but yeah I would imagine
more often than not it's gonna be the
first thing discussed because it's the
most exciting thing it's the most
exciting thing to talk about right now
mmm-hmm it's very fun it's very fun you
know has some some minor flaws but it's
still at versus the other day
what I don't get are the people that are
like fixated on the flaws like about the
bad CG which there's a little bit of not
so much in the later two but the first
episode but like have you seen the Evil
Dead movies like I love them there's
some of my favorites but they're not
flawless movies by any means they all
have wonky effects oh yeah that's part
of their charm
I still like in general you can argue
that part of the charm though is that
they're bad practical effects I don't
know sure yeah no I I would prefer there
not be bad CG but it's not like a deal
breaker for me by any means and the only
time was really distracting was that
first episode I would still like in
general I think it would be a better
show if it were a little bit longer and
maybe that's just because I want more
but I was worried about that because I
know the first episode was longer and I
was like going into the second one is
like yeah but it's it's I think it might
be the perfect length because it leaves
you wanting more as opposed to feeling
kind of exhausted when it's over because
there's so much going on all the time
sure it's so like you know frantic I
know this is a popular opinion but you
know you're talking about not liking TV
again I I was thinking we almost need
more stuff with horror or characters
like her because I think I think to me
it's important to have normal people in
the series because if it's all actual
that's crazy well that's the two people
with Nash that's what Pablo and Kelly
they're a little bit goofy yeah well
they're not goofy they're they're
amusing characters but they're not like
you know they're not ash right I think
they balance him out pretty well I like
both of them to I think they're fun oh
yeah but I like I think we can all agree
that that the first scene with the cops
dealing with Deadites oh that's a great
scene was great and ended like Rich's
point of like more if we had more normal
people dealing with Deadites it would
make ash cooler
mm yes sorry - no that's fine that's
fine - okay I can see that I guess and
get all up in your biz there right it's
fine yeah well like I said my problem
with that cop lady is less what they're
trying to do with her and more the
execution of it so I don't know if this
goes away or if I died oh I really loved
on that last episode the little animated
sequence showing the history of the Book
of the Dead oh yeah it's a slightly more
elaborate version of the opening of Evil
Dead 2 but I love the animation style I
wish it was a little bit longer actually
no and you know like in the book that
was a very nice little subtle effect in
the book yeah it was cool as new agreed
no and I liked what they were going for
with the monster with like the glitch
NISS but you know like it was great when
the monster was in the circle and like
his body was kind of glitching but his
mistake yeah but then like later when he
was out of the circle and was like
teleport glitching it was just like yeah
that's that's why I've said earlier it
kind of felt videogame II to me like
something you'd see in a video again
yeah that was a little lame yeah it's
okay I like the board traditional
Deadites I loved first of all I loved
the fact that they cast Mimi Rogers Oh
Kelly's mom and the end to seeing her
playing this like horrible hag monster
was so great and then the very slow
decapitation with the chainsaw regular
did Ides get old after a while they
haven't yet and if they haven't
throughout the first three movies and if
they keep getting dispatched easily on a
weekly basis does that diminish them no
cuz that's ash I don't know I like that
they're shaking it up a little bit but
they did that would like army darkness
there's the sequence with the little
ashes and the skeletons and then like
the first episode they have that little
doll but attacked him they know how to
balance out the traditional Deadites
with new
weird shit I'm just like I like the dude
that new demon because it was a new
weird show Cheers
no I yeah I'm fine with I just I didn't
care for the demon itself I like the
third guy adding elements like that
that's a love and I'm not even sure why
all the like the classic like 70s rock
that's throughout the whole thing
because it's awesome I think it also
establishes that Ash hasn't really like
he's not done anything with his life in
the lies like whatever thirty years and
that kind of represents lat - he's like
stuck in the past
nice touch yes it's terrible to be stuck
in the era when music was still good I'm
driving rich here today and my new jam
comes on it's a brand new song by Chiara
pyaara pyaara the lady singer it's like
you know a little a little a little
electronic beat it's the one where she
takes know if she takes her singing from
the verse and it like cuts them together
to make the chorus it's super neat it's
a Kurdish song and you know like a rich
gets in my car and it's like oh rich my
new song is that listen to this and he
goes I'm very happy that you enjoy
something like this meat he's like I'm
really happy that song do I have to
apologize for that
no no it was just very funny the way the
way in which you are the way in which
you said it
it's not even really dating myself
because you know seven days is a bit
early for me you know I grew up in the
80s right right
how much would you willingly pay to own
the puppet used in elves Oh God
probably not budge I thought you're
gonna say like gremlins or sometimes I
would be interested in something that
you enjoy I've seen gremlins puppets
they have an age oh yeah they don't look
like they're in great shape well for
what I understand there's not much left
from the original movie like a lot of
that stuff just doesn't exist but
there's a fair number of ones from
gremlins 2 which would make sense cuz
they had to build so many of them but I
don't know if anything from the first
movie exists the original puppet
I would pay like up to $100 that's it I
can't imagine there's much of a demand
for it so I doubt it would go much
higher than a couple hundred bucks
now I would love some sort of original
gremlins puppet not necessarily from the
first movie I would go for the second
one too I actually like them more in the
second one with the design work but two
cartoon but then again that's the movie
there's a crudeness to him in the first
movie because there's a lower budget but
don't tone-wise my preferences women
sure but not I'm not talk about the
movies themselves but as far as like the
whelk of the creatures - you would go
with the large part of that those I just
love the first fucking gremlins oh sure
I might might not be the most objective
I would even be willing to spend a
decent chunk of change on a Ghoulies
puppet oh that would be where would em
though I wouldn't go any lower than that
no critters critters are pretty
cool-looking I would I would love a
critter I would love to play we're just
right right when I was a kid I always
wanted a critter puppet they wouldn't
they would advertise them in Fangoria
magazine you could buy it but they were
they were expensive if I remember right
or maybe they just seemed expensive to a
thirteen-year-old kid I don't know but
but not they weren't like the actual
props from the movies they were like
replica puppets you could order I would
still want
oh sure yeah yeah critters I'm not a
huge fan of that series I liked the
first movie the second ones okay but I
just like the critters as characters
like the design is neat yeah see this
little robot with the brain I want to
say it one time I did find online a
puppet from Ghoulies three Ghoulies go
to college for sale for like three grand
yeah just at that unreasonable very
different I I would be willing to spend
well I have a soft spot for Ghoulies go
to college right that was a big movie to
me as a little kid so I three grand is
not that bad we have very different
ideas of what's reasonable for something
that I love like 3004 you know anything
yeah I have an oh okay a decade-old
maybe which one is it evil dead
regeneration okay
it's very mindless you just kind of run
around and shoot things and chainsaw
effects oh good what's the problem it's
not a deep experience in horror
I wouldn't expect it to be but I do know
it's some point in the game for one
Bruce Campbell does the voice okay
that's important yep then Ted Raimi
plays his undead midget sidekick so I
have that just so you know okay
you mentioned wanting an Evil Dead game
at some point sure
well I get bored of video games after
like 20 minutes so that's the perfect
game for me mindless you're on around
and do some things for a little bit and
then I'm done do some Evil Dead things
yeah you got a stream it yeah yeah I'm
just done I just brought this game up
for no reason
come on guys if you could just take five
minutes and get with the fucking program
get on the trolley
get on that trolley everybody
there's a whole trolley here and we're
gonna ask that you get on it
how's your trolley going oh it's getting
there I'm getting on that trolley right
Jay leaves periodically to check on his trolley
the whole thing I've seen this
question like 10 times tonight I'm just
gonna get it out of the way now so I
don't have to see it again
great j-jack and rich if you were in
charge of teaching an alien race about
you and empathy how would you teach
empathy to the aliens I don't know
that's yeah
that's the answer rich you're great
waited all night for that
like what are we supposed to say when
somebody's just so we've had deep
philosophical thoughts in the past about
how we would teach an alien race if an
alien race doesn't understand empathy
they're not gonna be able to teach it to
them it's just not gonna work also like
if they don't understand anything we're
fucked a lot yeah we're not gonna be
teaching them anything they're just
going to be eating us oh no oh I'm
failing a lot no cuz I forgot I had a
thing rich how much would you pay to
erase all memory of Mass Effect nothing
because if I didn't remember it I might
fall into the trap and play it oh good
answer
thank you thank you that's pretty deep
that's pretty deep man
you're doing it you doing the deepness
all of our experiences are what make us
who we are you don't want to race any of
those Michelle gondry made a whole movie
about this it's called be kind rewind
be kinder like you
rich how would you solve the economic
crisis globally could you give a
specific examples oh it's this question
again every five minutes he's weird
here's here's my experience because I
have children and like I have to I'm in
charge of teaching them empathy so they
don't go around murdering people that's
the hope as a parent is that your
children don't go around murdering
people and you know it's it's it's all
about like what if this happened to you
could you imagine if this happened to
you right but that's not something you
can teach to like a dog sure so if we
assume that aliens are like dogs which i
think is a great assumption then the
answer is if they don't know empathy you
can't teach it to them right yeah right
so there's no way to teach empathy how
would you teach empathy to a dog we
don't maybe a cat would be a better
comparison yeah there's no empathy from
cats they're the worst
dogs have empathy because they're social
animals yeah cat cats are just assholes
yes I understand your point an animal
well now we're getting somewhere now
we're playing with power now I'm now I'm
doing I'm actually playing with goddamn
game instead of just dying over and over
and over again now you're doing what
Nintendo not you're being helped it tgd
Phoenix's actually animals have mirror
neurons and you're able to teach them
empathy let's teach you Phoenix it might
spike your ass no not the spikes don't
spike my ass
I use it to sit
do it do it read them make it happen
rich you're making it happen we left off
at humberto Cabbage Patch Emily
no we did that's Bart Simpson sorry
sergeant Benson we did that yeah we did
start dancing favorite customer splits
limits
yes SPL I am is Emory 801 Artemus strong
base nine Wario never wealthy always
rich hence a frosh scantron the immortal
bless our drugs
Jack you Skrillex piss app scruggs
Skrillex eepa Zen there's an eye in
there might be silent who knows who
knows
mr. glitch Genghis Borgnine urban ramen
do-hickey too fleshy patch Crips a lot
baby Slayer one five six l met Ron 106
grand off the rocket League Slayer of
Jack I remember correctly this end specs
poor thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do it's really true
we really do
you know triggers as well let's get some
of those yes that's great
that's great that was a great idea
that's a great idea rich can totally say
horrible things to Jack and flame the
month of Jack names he made up that's
true I could but I did not know that's
just someone's jet name that's weird
that's why I don't know how that
happened
Jack you horrible come Jack get your
fingers out of your ass thank you for
subscribing I don't I don't have it in
me to do that almost say you like really
hate the person then I would not even
for comedy rich that seems a bit low
okay that seems a bit low I worry I
worry I pick on you too much for you
sure well yeah well then you know what
then you just need to worry about the
joke getting old that's different yeah
I'm used off I've used off on on teasing
you yeah I think I think you you don't
like joke you know you don't want it to
seem like it's genuinely very
mean-spirited either right
I think you've inspired there's another
saying everybody make those names now oh
darn they'll give us $5 it's rich
everybody at rlm shits on you all the
time in videos you notice Jack has never
done that that's that is Mike and Jays
been mostly Mike mostly that is mostly
Mike spit I do try to stay away from
that yes
rich please be mean spirit about pokiman
yeah Pokemon's not a person I got no
fucks about oh yeah rich will talk
sounds a shit about Pokemon
nothing but shit about Pokemon
but what are my thoughts on pokemons
yeah I destroyed it just by hitting a
yep broke the game we learned a valuable
lesson about Pokemon that day I think I
learned a valuable lesson about Pokemon
that day which was apparently a lot of
the game involved the player having to
believe that certain things are true
about the game which thoughts on neopets
neopets is what I think you're referring
to fucking great art project a fictional
genetically engineered pet sold at a
blister pack heavily implied to have
human DNA spliced into it what's a
blister pack like like the thing action
figures come in what it's it's
somebody's artsy fartsy art project
there's a website for Neopets if that's
if that's unless I'm getting the name
wrong and you're referring to something
else which is possible but I thought
that was like Tamagotchis no this is
something that doesn't actually exist as
a real problem okay some some artists
made a relatively leave realistic
looking like animal human hybrid kind of
like part dogbert baby looking thing
alright and then it's eyes are shut it's
like strapped with like this twist ties
and some kinda like like card like an
action figure would come in with like a
plastic thing over it oh my god this
sounds horny old Pat okay and and it's
like a pet you buy and once you've
removed for the packaging and like you
know anything about to worry about
feeding it lifts along and they just die
and and something on the website kind of
implies subtly that there's there's
human DNA in there sure man
that is very funny
that's not a neo pet when I weigh it's
something it's something this is
actually Rich's art project that he's
been designed to get published there's a
fake website for it and now I'm sad I
don't remember the name but it's one of
those things that dumb people thought
was real sure I mean it sounds great
now I got to find out what those things
were fucking call
yeah
Oh riches Madeline no I'm I'm you know
what I'm doing busting out my new fancy
phone damn I have a phone that can do
internet now and we're all very scared
yeah yeah Karen got it to me for my
birthday she got a they had like a fire
sale on the Kindle Fire
they're like dirt cheap now because they
went over like like a wet fart again
yeah it's crazy everything we knew about
rich
what were those call dammit
I have to find it now
I love the fact that you're looking this
up for real it's great I applaud you for
doing some research into Neopets or
whatever I think it neo pet is a
tamagotchi thing okay
did you find out what Emil Penny's I
don't care you have something else you
want to talk about - ah Jen bets
gentlemen the champ found it
bioengineered buddies yeah Jack this is
the gem Ted oh my god that's horrifying
I'm supposed to be I love it I love it
well everyone everyone in the chat you
enjoyed Jen pets except if I can find
out with my new friend and phone what a
fucking meal yeah if I know what a meal
better that is
I'm sure pet yes sounds retarded it's a
virtual pet rich it's nowhere near as
cool as Jen pets
agreed
you different character now yeah cuz I
died and every time you die you get a
randomly generated character look like
nuki mango folks
is this a real thing you can buy no it's
a fake oh it's like a fake site yeah
ah okay that's cool
Oh
so what's new how about them how about
them Packers today oh what a game that
was yeah the last two weeks of nap and
Murray how did they eat it today it was
close but they didn't win Jay how are
you on new key tapes oh we just need a
couple more and then we'll be ready to
go and then then everything will be in
place yeah great just a couple more yeah
if it gets all thugs mannequins old I am
of the opinion that that does never get
all by my love why would I get it's the
truth why would it get old we just
needed a couple more you know Jay you
have a really what's the issue what's
there to get old these people would get
on the ball and just guess the last
couple that we need and we wouldn't have
to keep answering this question honestly
folks it's been a while since we've
gotten any new key tapes it has been a
while yeah and practice something more
important how did Mike take the Packers
loss
I have not talked about okay oh you just
died I hit it I hear you hit the died
button I think you need a gin pen
neither flipper
so I had some free time that's free time
on Saturday okay that was very exciting
about and I spent most of Saturday
morning attempting look Nam ll Pickens
she has a fanciful hat I spent most of
the morning attempting to get into Dark
Souls 2 a game rich and I played a
little bit on streaming a bit ago and we
were big fans of blood-borne and we
played a couple other of their games oh
you know like blood-borne some DLC is
coming out soon
what are the yellow bars coming off of
the people that's that's what that's the
only thing they can see oh okay is if
you are in that yellow bar fortunately
they made a giant bright glowing light
but you know it's very convenient
yeah it's very convenient if you are a
thief I like his hat I believe this
might be a her or I don't know it could
be I think it's I think there's like a
orange beard maybe if I don't die we can
get a closer look
misty might be like a like a like a
handkerchief okay but I was trying to
get into Dark Souls 2 because you know
like the expansion for blood-borne comes
out soon and I just wanted to yeah I
just needed a placeholder for blood
before
comes out before the dlc comes out and I
just didn't like it
lots of people don't like Dark Souls - I
think I think that's the the black sheep
I'm sure many of the dark do some
software family okay well and you know
it's it's all the same combat so I you
know I know that's not the problem
I put your finger on what the problem is
I think the problem is world yeah I
loved that horror world of blood-borne
and it's hard for me to get into the
different world
I was thinking the world well enough
when we played Dark Souls 1 you were
into it ok I've played much of the
second one that's you know it's just too
different for me it's not the thing I
want Dark Souls 2 according to me
believable wasn't directed by the
creator of Souls and blood-borne like I
got it I got a few hours in you know
like I gave it a chance cuz obviously
you know it's art it's it's it's a from
software game so it's gonna be hard and
I knew that so I wanted to give it a
real chance but just wasn't I wasn't
feeling it and I guess I assumed world
but it could just be that it was a
different director mr. glitch says
blood-borne has been kicking my ass so
much I haven't wanted to play it much
many suggestions for getting into it
more you gotta you gotta get over they
just got to get over that hump take it
it's always gonna be hard you're always
gonna die a lot yeah but you gotta you
gotta get over that hump because I know
the first level seems overwhelming at
first but I can get through that section
fairly easily right now and I sucked
once upon a time yeah you know and you
just have to enjoy the art you just have
to like make in the monsters embrace
hit-and-run tactics yeah don't be afraid
to be a coward don't be afraid to be a
coward don't be afraid to back off when
you need to yeah like like like charge
up a heavy attack and then hit them just
when they're in rain
back off and then run away our way like
the little little man you are then you
level up
can I get a good weapon the big holy
blades pretty neat and then start
kicking ass yeah yeah there's a couple
until you meet harder enemies did you
get your ass kicked again
but it's nice going through those early
sections yeah once you've upgraded
yourself a bit but I think like the
world had so much to do with what
carried me over that game you know like
just digging all the horror diggin the
monsters digging the environments maybe
I maybe I'll play maybe I'll play some
more blood-borne yeah I mean I don't
think we should kick yeah I'm thinking
you're always on a vanquish kick oh wow
let's go well okay and thinking maybe
I'll try maybe I'll try it up death
threat advantage at some point oh my
lord
maybe I'll try screaming I've never
pulled it off like when I when I when I
when I did the no death run out of dead
rising on scream I had done that in real
life like years prior okay I never done
it perfect like I did that night sure
but you know was it was doable languish
I don't have that that security in my
ability to do it
then I'm down I'm interested
if I played Metal Gear Rising
revengeance I have it haven't gotten
running same people who made damage oh
okay
revengeance revengeance he plays that
that bitch from the second game where
they made a robot ninja because it was
the only way they could make them cool
ridin whatever raiden raiden ridin l l o
rickets this is a lady that's that's a
hankie rickets wha Oh that over there is
that L o rickets blood-borne Oh death
run a possibility not by me
I know like when you were really into it
you had talked about doing a no no soul
no lost souls which or you know
blood-borne echoes I carry to run like
that fairly deep but it's not ever gonna
happen I'm never gonna happen this rich
ever going to play more thief or thief -
um here's the thing with the thief - I
think when I when I do sit down to just
flat-out replay the series I don't want
the distraction I'm just I'm gonna want
to reacquaint myself with the series
that's if I'm gonna stream it you know
what rich there are some games that are
just you games yeah and that's okay
that's it that's a just a rich game you
streamed that once right happy I'm not
saying it'll never happen
hmm I I like beef they do
but yeah there are some and I think
that's important because we do the show
and we stream so much it's important
just to have a game that's that's just
for you like this is just the game that
I play to have fun
agreed have I played dishonored yet I
tried playing dishonor back with my
computer with shit I got like 20 frames
a second out of it and I just haven't
gotten around to it since getting the
new PC that's another one though when I
play that I'm gonna want to get absorbed
into the world I'm not gonna want the
distraction of streaming I'm sorry Dead
Rising 2 no death run right now I got
vanquish on the brain not saying that'll
never happen
sure but right now vanquish is on the
brain the brain wants what it was rich
you could do a silent no commentary solo
stream question mark I've done that
before and people hated it like why are
you talking what's going on I said I did
that I did that with with Batman Arkham
Asylum once yeah III wasn't talking I
don't remember what my reason for not
turning the audio was it was like I was
waiting for you oh like there's like
hours early yeah fucker I'm gonna play
Batman and then I'll stream it yeah I
won't turn on the microphone I think
we're just pissed that there was no
there was no audio sure from me
and people get used to that even if it's
just as simple as you know like
breathing noises and grunts adventure
games I'm sure we'll do more adventure
games than sometimes oh yeah we always
like that especially text adventure
games we can do places that's always fun
actually you know what I do want to uh I
would I would like to play more of that
uh that we were not supposed to kill
people
Oh undercount undertale I do want to
play more undertale I'd like to get a
little further than that I had a lot of
people were asking by that one only your
name oh yeah yeah I want to see more
undertale good yeah I want to see more
on the field too and I don't know how
far we got but I really enjoyed
undertale so I would like to play ghosts
and goblins no death runner never gonna
happen
I I did buy just a beaut just abusing
the fuck out of safe States in an
emulator mmm I did beets ghosts and
goblins like the second time around even
to get the real ending and I I took a
screen grab of it it's in my it's
actually in my wallpaper somewhere
that's safe for all time my upset that
Neil blow camps alien 5 has been
cancelled for one I didn't know that it
was canceled no whatever I've had my
fill of the aliens franchise I think
yeah yeah
after prometheus
aliens great movie if you're counting
for me whew
I don't know that it needs a direct
sequel this is just a great movie yeah
and I'm not oh no what it counts I gotta
be I get be honest I can't shut up
previous I haven't even seen it
oh yeah I haven't Karen up soon yeah I
suppose you know I I like I like me a
Blomkamp as a director I haven't seen
chappie but I enjoyed everyone enjoyed
district time and I even enjoyed Elysium
even though it was a little heavy-handed
with the social commentary hmm but uh it
would have been fun to see him do an
alien movie Neil Blomkamp's aliens got
canceled I'm okay with that
no gave them you didn't like chappie
right no yeah I didn't see it but you
haven't seen it illicium I have not seen
illicium yeah well somebody else is
setting up that it's only been postponed
or whatever it'll be cancelled it was
weird to begin with it they were doing -
alien related movies at the same time
and it makes sense that Ridley Scott's
wins out because it's really Scott I
don't know well but as far as the Alien
franchise oh he has a stronger staking
of the neill blomkamp 13 Marvel movies a
year and they're gonna make 15 Star Wars
movie that's true that's true but that's
a more popular franchise that's the
interesting thing about the alien movies
is they've never been a huge franchise
the only one that was like a big
blockbuster was aliens you're not saying
a facecam of us because we're never
going to do it ever again just because
we didn't do it this once there's
absolutely no other reason there's no
face cam except for the fact that we've
just decided against it for no good
reason no it's because we're never doing
it again
then they just changed the name of
Ridley Scott's alien movie again I was
like it was prometheus - and then they
changed its a alien Paradise Lost or
something stupid
ilithyia's well don't well you know now
it's alien - something else but it was I
want to say that it was alien paradise
laws which is stupid no I'm like
Prometheus maybe I better call my alien
movie alien might be a little on the
nose Thanks
what do I know I'm just there in time
work oh my god I'm sure she's not a
Whore fuck mr. Shaw I'll probably do
that again at some point
yep what the I hope so I hope so too
this isn't that we're bringing up no but
since I have to know is as we verify a
maximum of death stream again a little
once I got about halfway through the
game and I just did something stupid
I didn't think all that was worth
talking about nope but now it's time to
no you didn't have to do this you had to
you had to fuck I'm so sorry
I like the Ella Ricketts we all play
worst horror screaming I know what
happens it just happens it just happens
so it's been it's also been a couple
hours I'm getting a little getting a
little fatigued no that's why when I did
the the Dead Rising no different I
wasn't talking much for a reason yeah
it's really true how much just talking
just gibbering can can affect your
gameplay
if peddled around with the invisible ink
expansion yet not yet I'm going to it
I'm totally going to you're gonna Pitt
oh my god right
J thanks for recommending killer POV oh
yeah it's great it's a great podcast
Jake what was Cannon Films best movie
like genuinely good you know I actually
liked that movie really yes
oh god crazy person I hate I hate
cartoon he-man and movie he-man is
nothing like cartoon even know it's
dumber that messes the universe movies
dumb
Dolph Lundgren should not be the lead
and Prince Adam and a scaredy-cat
I'm not saying he man's good at all I
just say that ruby sucks that movies
dumb best can movi you know they did
some actually good movies and I'm trying
to think of what they are I like Texas
Chainsaw Massacre to quite a bit real
you know no I like that movie a lot um
what's a cannon weed is good they did
some and I can't think of him right now
that aren't just like complete schlong
she's so I guess the answer is masters
of the universe by default ah
Wow who'd have thought sex teens I'm
asked her to is a better movie than but
Masters of the Universe I'm gonna look
up Cannon Films cuz I know there's
something in there but that like is in
my brain somewhere that I can't think of
when we play keep talking and nobody
explodes again oh that was fun maybe we
were getting too good at it near the end
maybe if they've released like a new
like full set more complicated rule set
yeah you know we got to the point where
we just knew where to look for
everything and that kind of I kind of
ruins the
looking through the canon films list
here Oh Superman for of course this
thing we're getting to good because we
weren't trying the harder bombs we were
doing them in order we were doing life
force somebody's saying life force they
may oh man life force is pretty I mean
it's special life or late like force
this is special movie
it's one of their like most epic I mean
it looks like a pretty big budget movie
I know I think about life worse is that
it's like five different movies so if
you don't like one in 20 minutes it's
just gonna be a different movie anyway I
don't think I recall life was good but
it's incredibly entertaining agreed it's
it's special my force is special life
force was a movie where I saw it I don't
say five years ago I saw it again
because that's not on solder ages ago
sure and it was holy shit that's
Patrick's oh yeah Patrick Stewart making
out with another dude cuz he's possessed
by the spirit of the naked vampire woman
spoilers everyone should see life force
spoilers everyone should see life force
yes I think I'm looking through their
list I think I'm gonna stick with Texas
Chainsaw Massacre - I legitimately like
that movie I'm not seeing else any
anything else in here you know at one
time Cannon Films was gonna make a
spider-man movie yep they have the
rights to spider-man for a little James
Cameron did this from treatment for it
really yes Oh who's gonna direct it I
think tobe Hooper James Cameron was
gonna direct it yes well then after he
lopped it then cuz there was I want to
say it's tobe Hooper was what I saw that
was slated direct cuz cannon films had a
thing for tobe Hooper he made life force
with them and Texas Chainsaw Massacre -
that was back in the period where tobe
Hooper was making movies worth watch
it wasn't a very long period but he
didn't he did for a little while what
else did he make well he did the
original Texas Chainsaw Massacre was
just one of the best movies and then
text Chainsaw Massacre - and life force
and a lot of bad shit after that he
didn't Vader's from Mars which is not
very good he did the Mangler do you
remember the Mangler from the 90s Robert
Englund was in it oh god he did a lot of
like shitty direct-to-video stuff sure
more bad than good
that tobe Hooper which is a shame
because
Sakas Chainsaw Massacre is such a like
brilliantly made movie kernel rich
mustard Jack playing the original XCOM
could only end badly
that could only end badly Oh for real Z
not fun bad no every everyone would hate
it
nothing would suck everything would be
terrible you would be miserable you
would enjoy it yep everything would be
terrible if I play the original ex-cop
yes yes Mystery Science Theater 3000
it's the best it's nice there do Pete do
people that I get it that we don't want
it and that's not even a hate thing it's
just no I like the ones I've watched I
just haven't seen a whole lot of them
it's a product we don't need we'd write
our own jokes that's kind of what we do
and I get it like that's why people are
confused like shut up Mike I'm trying to
your Joel's right
I like that shut up Mike I'm trying to
gauge oh it's true
don't fucking on the other side okay
okay
I'm Han now hey get out have a good
night everybody bye bye James thanks for
stopping by
yeah you know I'd say you have a good
night okay well now great how you doing
jack
how are you doing I'm very used to this
game in small chunks like this is you
know like if I if I have a free you know
ten minutes I'll pick up this game on
the Vita mmm
and so playing it for the few hours that
I've been playing it has definitely been
a tiring it's a little fatiguing yes how
much is this game and where can people
find it I want to say it's $15 it's on
Steam I mean it's probably any place
that you normally buy games it's on
Steam I'm sure it's on the other ones
humble bundle or GOG or whatever I have
it on ps4 and Vita and if you buy it on
the ps4 you automatically buy a copy on
your Vita which is why I really like it
so what is what is a great Vita game
what the fuck is on your head it's like
a hair it's like her hair is tied up
this is Samantha Don Urton as you see
she's got like a hair thing on her head
it's like it's like hair
toad decimals cge
1-1 3-8 and scoot may halt thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we super do it's true we super
do you unplug the power from it should
be a big deal
nothing's nothing Bad's gonna happen
