Episode 271
OH MY GOD! (Invisible Inc Part 2)
December 8, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DCuCwY06Tk
___________________________________________

steel see I don't even know what uh
dracos passive even is where's it say
click for details what do we got what do
we got what that's not saying I don't
know what it is I'm sorry somebody the
Chad told me I don't know where would
heed what are you doing he's got some
special ability I don't know I don't
know what it is though it doesn't it
tell you uh-oh you have to choose
whether you want them or not no I've
already got him okay well the Bible in
to tell you I don't know I don't usually
look at the screen it saying I guess it
tells you when you choose them but we've
been I should have paid more attention
is what what this means but we're so
having so much fun just talking and
listening me say oh my god like a
million times like a billion billion
times that I never even can ever who
came to me yeah can you try mousing over
the augment see like see how yeah yeah
you can do that nobody is safe Mario
Mario says this is better than the
showering with you this is better than
the showering with your dad simulator
2015 that I donated well thank you Mario
hopefully it's an equal amount of
madness and baby Slayer 156 you're
welcome we try to make everyone's
wednesday and sunday a little more
exciting thank you we try we her a
better life through schlock a better
that's our motto here a better life
through schlock like it I like it and
you know I see this come up a little bit
every once in a while on chat neither
rich and I have played battlefront yet i
have like negative four thousand percent
interest in battlefront why is that why
do you have negative I don't really care
and I don't hate Star Wars I just don't
that much about it and I hate
multiplayer only gaming multiplayer only
shooters can can suck my dick basically
right and I played that you know the old
one and maybe I'll may I think I'm gonna
pick up the new one just to try it out
we won't be like we'll probably stream
it we probably won't do a whole episode
on it or anything oh my god okay we've
totally created a monster uh for a
little bit stick Lords jack when are we
seeing the new Isaac already also rip OH
also replying a Yiddish accent Yiddish
what's he's way too good I think it's a
Jewish like an old an old George George
man sure oh well I i well that's what we
got there I what I want to say is that
uh we would be seeing the Isaac but um
dad does that's the game that I play for
myself not that you shouldn't be playing
it for yourself it's just a game that I
play for myself you don't need to take
my word for it oh here's what I will
tell you about the afterbirth I like it
a lot that's a good guess it's a good
game it's a good game that I play a lot
and I recommend that you play it but I
don't want you to think that I'm forcing
my opinions on you that was a good
Yiddish yeah why don't over this and I
know that's I know the Jewish I'm not a
hundred percent sure that's Yiddish know
somebody's saying I'll you dishes like
it's German Jewish i'm not entirely sure
what the distinction is like I need I
need more goosh bukas khushboo cos you
know Boyd single imma exactly exactly
like basically I'm just I'm just doing
like a light Mel Brooks mashugana
mashugana you know if you can bring your
foot spa if you can bring all your
hutzpah out you get the Machine and I am
enjoying the Isaac after birth I didn't
play any of the alg but I just play the
game and I think it's great is it visual
fantastic you're doing great yeah Dead
series is great great I'm impressed jab
impressed with that accent is what I'm
saying oh well thank you
um thank you pack jacquard for the two
for the tip we appreciate the tip and
gobbledygook 45 sound machines because
rich can't make five fart sounds at once
gobbledygook wants us to buy five sound
machines and press ok i have about form
yeah I can't do five not at once that
was that was at once I did it before it
once but I cannot 25 agree oh yeah you
know what that was saved row that was
more of like a Judd Hirsch impression no
I should have done what I did right so I
talk like a huge schmekel really i don't
think shmeh mekkel is a word Mecca huh I
don't think she the metal schmekel
schmekel but schmekel I don't know I
don't know any of these words really all
I'm my impression is an impression of uh
oh I I just thank the Jews for schmuck
schmuck I love schmuck yeah a jewish
michael caine impression i don't know
what that would sound like well you
Michael Caine the hoyt oh holy my
cocaine his oh fuck you keep you got a
tight man I did stupid while I was
trying to be conservative with you guys
hey I was trying to be conservative with
my movement points because i'm looking
for the elevator I just want to get the
fuck out of here if you want to just
request impressions for me to do yes t
Carlisle that that's fine I'm sure I'm
just well oh I forgot what he says now
what do we do when we fall I will we get
back up this is something I want you to
think about now what I'm not saying is
that if you stay down for a little bit
uh that you a bad person because
sometimes you just want to nap but I
think if you do fall you get up
everything will be great we'll go get a
spread yeah that's acceptable
you like that acceptable you know you
gotta find it it's gotta be this way
it's gotta be this way leave a fiance
died over soon hey hey hey don't be
afraid to sprint with the red-haired
lady if you're gonna knock out a guard
she gets a bonus to KO time okay oh
that's nice so what's his augment did
you figure that out no I did not mouse
over his augment I but you can find him
oh my god click for details we could
brings me here this tells me nothing and
what happened to you just hold it over
what's up there fuck you fuck you and
fuck you okay so what is it here mapping
human neural tissue is not a simple task
especially with the ever changing data
of a live subject however is much easier
to get a good day at pull when the
pattern remains constant and still
cannot by skill upgrades sounds bad
scanned ko'd guards generate a random
bonus Oh dead unit scanned will give
permanent skill upgrades oh so if you
kill someone so there's incentive for
killing people apparently for him for
Draco interesting interesting so I can't
level him up he's just got a murder
people interesting very interesting
interesting I'm gonna murder somebody oh
it's hella gone now you're asking
telecon wanted to tip us and and force
me to try to do a Yiddish Sean Connery
that's not gonna happen you don't think
it's not gonna happen well I didn't just
want
ready to beat I slip into a blatant
sucks of all day wow you really have
sure I wasn't even thought about it just
Sean Connery Sean Connery has this going
with him well Monday pani so now we need
to turn that into a Yiddish impression
of utich impression dragon I'm trying to
the richest drag dragon that's my sonic
I'm just trying to hear a sound corner
of us you're the man now dog that's Sean
Connery sure Sean Connery talking a
little Yiddish Oh miss Mackle oh I lost
my mesh Mackel that's all i can do is
scare we go I can't I can't do I can't
do Shawn Carter unit it is that's fine
but now I want to try now it's a
challenge you know boy I wish Michael I
fell down and hurt my puckish now I feel
like a schmuck I went up the stairs to
grab a lock and I fell down hurt my
Turkish yes that's not terrible it's not
that is it's the best I could do Oy Vey
you're the man now dog yes i will stop
trying now thank you thank you who Darla
um yeah she's fucked I got everyone got
everyone right it's Jack having a stroke
no I have to like I know I'm what kind
of like looking off I have to do like
something with my face or my hands when
I do an impression it helps it helps me
do an impression I am extremely out of
practice um do Larry David Larry David
is just and is just an old Jewish man
what Larry David him a Larry David
impression is just you know just let her
David
I've been doing that uh our Miller I
don't think we ever made quality
thoughtful streams I don't think that
was ever a thing we did it we're just
here being schmucks wash my Beckles wash
mum Echols we're dipping in our shmem
Echols I'm time trying to have current
trend with Sean Connery you're the man
now dog that's not white I can't do it I
can't do exits at all I can't do accents
I can't do a person basically I'm
completely useless you just have to
picture you have to you have to hear him
say something right hmm what's it what's
the thing that Sean Connery says and
what is the thing Ryan I don't know
there's your money party you've called
the cutoff flower head with the
Highlander that something said in the
Highlander do you're in mcleod isn't
that what a Highlander does um I have no
idea
oh that's right nut oh and I can't
listen I can't remember anything he
actually says I'm trying to think of
Indiana Jones that's right you can do
lucas and you can do Plunkett you do
leave out do a good Lucas i doing okay
Lucas yeah yeah you can do them Michael
Caine Sean Connery and Charlton Heston
has been talking about Miami connection
there's there's no I can't keep them all
straight in my head what do we do when
we full so I saying you're the jew no
dog hold on oh I'm trying I'm trying to
do my cocaine hold on what is it mo gain
Sean Connery Charlton Heston what do we
do where we thought isn't it funny how
at the end of the movie they murdered
everyone all I liked it when they
murdered everyone that was my favorite
part nope that was bad see I can't I
can't jump from one impression to the
next okay that's a hard part and then
Charlton Heston I found the elevator I
found the elevator jack I found it I
found it that's right congratulations
now I just gotta get her out of here Oh
God ladypants has a stim for extra AP
whatever that means rich yeah yeah I
know what that means yo you know you
know what that means okay great and I'm
not basically what's going on is I'm not
focusing on the game as much as I should
be I'm focusing on Chad I'm focusing on
talking about bad accents a good accents
t Carla what is this it as Connery say
let my army she be the rock less what
armor piercing the trees and the birds
in the sky nice chunk on who is in the
rock a rock that rock ok I can do I know
I could do a Sean Connery Jewish weight
on my life and then it stopped short I
can't do it it's welcome to the
Rock o ye whatever your thoughts on and
said what are your thoughts on inception
matters I haven't seen it oh I enjoyed
it it's fun it's like if if you think
about it you know everyone likes to oh
she's silent when she sprints oh nice
she's not making any noise um no I think
everyone has close enough that made
noise everyone thinks too hardly about
inception if you think about it as like
just a sci-fi action movie it's fun it
has some big ideas and and some neat
action sequences it's just try not to
think too hard about it because the kids
complicated oh that's right winners
losers do their best winners go home and
fuck the prom queen The Rock The Rock
was the best movie was it what is he
saying the untouchables they bring all
something you bring up never never bring
a knife to a gun no no that's Crocodile
Dundee no fucking outline untundi is oh
yeah you're right never bring a knife to
a gun okay yeah they hit you back you
hit them harder something like that
something like that oh my god krob Becky
look at her but it is so big she looks
like one of those etc etc thank you krob
krob krob krob but so I liked inception
I I think it's a fun movie watch the
Chicago why I remember that much yeah
yeah yeah yeah did Krueger say the whole
thing and I said that Chicago Way part I
don't they like some what are your guys
to all I can't do it I can't do it jack
I can't hey someone your guys to the
hospital you send one of his to the
morgue that's the line now you gotta do
it cuz you can actually do the exit what
is it they send when your eyes
listen one of years of the hospital you
said what I his to the morgue they send
one of your guys to the hospital's yours
they send one of yours to the hospital
you send one of theirs to the morgue no
I'm losing it I'm losing my Sean Connery
Sean Sean Connery Cronk on right Sean
cocaine I and you know what I did hear
that did you hear that that like no one
is remaking momento Z need to hahahahaha
that's the question hey it seems weird
it seems kind of silly it has admittedly
it's been a really long time since I've
seen memento but I remember it being
just fine the way it is but hospital
I'll see what would but I and give a
fuck out of here oh it isn't Nolan
someone else is remaking memento jesus H
Christ we make snow have a turnaround
time of four years but but for is sad
the rebate we're already remaking the
dark knight rises we're not going to
remake Batman Begins or the dark knight
we're just gonna skip right to remaking
the dark knight rises oh I need this for
the guy the guy with the the trait that
lets them gain skills from murdering
yeah here's a awed meant that lets the
alarm not go up when you murder people
hmm you know what that is that some
great synergy that is some amazing
fucking synergy great buy it and do it I
think I can pass this off or do I have
to know I think I have to install it and
I think I need to bring him in here for
this I'm just writing which is fine
strawberry pancakes yeah well I think
where were you we will eventually play
more undertale I want to play more
undertale and we were actually thinking
about that tonight but we had some stuff
we want to do we knew there'd be a lot
of talking we have the new the tip thing
and all that exactly so yeah we knew
tonight wasn't gonna be a good day to do
it but yes we do plan on playing and
possibly finishing undertale I don't
know how far we got
but uh oh yeah i'm not sure i'm swimming
there's ways to go sure so space cop you
know it was announced that space cop is
you know they're trying to get it out
this year oh yeah and it will be remade
by next December that's the less our fun
that's our plan internally is we want it
we want to completely remake it and have
the new one out by December 2016 that is
uh but I mean you know obviously it
probably won't happen but that's our
plan you're right a Michelle Hollywood
has plenty of new ideas like pixels oh I
like that augment I got that's nice
that's synergy to half jack i love that
that's great now now you can fuck some
shit up fuck it up fuck it up fuck it up
fuck it up fuck it up fuck it up do an
impression of jae bum and having a
conversation Richard shut the fuck up
rich idiot okay anything wasn't good
pretty good I thought so um stick Lords
just gave us a tip and would like you to
yell inconceivable inconceivable this is
inconceivable and conceivable one single
no that's what you get that's what we
got ah and can see below yes not really
good no that's that's more like evil
scientist I'm trying to remember how he
says it what so everybody's been telling
about the princess bride lately this is
an awesome movie it's an awesome movie
but it like is it an anniversary or
something I don't know it's an awesome
movie he climbed up the mountain
inconceivable it's kind of nerdy little
whiny none
questioning that as good as your son
Connery well I'm like I understand I
understand Sean Connery is easier I get
it yeah I get it jack dig it oh we both
saw the princess bride but it's just
it's I see it a lot like onion AV Club
has been writing articles about it
people on the internet are talking about
it recently a lot and I don't know he
have a lift does he inconceivable Nathan
son right that doesn't sound right you
keep using that word I do not think it
means what you think it means Jack's
just have fun say it I just say I just
say it's fine i just say stuff that's
absolutely fine time now all i want to
do is watch princess bride it's a great
movie is that appropriate for my
children yeah yeah yeah no yeah that's
totally appropriate for your children
they don't sound there's one square in
that movie I think there's any squares
you know what I mean you even have to
ask you know what I need to check the
kids media app go check that kids media
that sounds like a plan Oh something i
want to mention i'm sure a lot of you
probably already know but what's what's
the one thing I've keep saying in
regards to rocket League the one thing I
want to see and I keep talking about it
yeah it's on the flo raggedly that's
right is you want you wanna a mad max I
want mad max oh man if only if only
there was dlc coming out in December
that gave you mad max type stuff it's
only mad it's not like officially
licensed mad max tough and it's mad max
type stuff I wasn't called in something
road clash or his guts gonna name but
the font wants to look fury road esque
and one of the one of the maps is called
wasteland right there won't be a little
dancing road bow war boys on your car
which is a yeah that's kind of sad but
but not only are we getting not only are
we getting like
stuff for your car but there's a whole
new and different map the map we're
getting is like way bigger than other
apps and the pitch is like tilted
somehow yeah yeah so we're getting a new
way to play wait is this the movie just
movies I hope there's a paint scheme
that is just chrome shiny and girl sang
across shiny chrome just give me chrome
paint and then you got everything Oh
rich a tipster ok would like you to
let's see have rich say cod blops 3 cod
blob way three in the plink advice cod
blobs three guide labs 37 tucked like
sunny funds in a while we need to do
police quest to all these things you
hippies want me to say I'm nicotine is
sick and now gobbledygook wants you to
say what you talking about Willis would
you talk about Willis and that's not
said as son Ethan what was there what
you what you talking about Buddhist what
are you what are you talking about mr.
Willis mr. Willis if that is your real
name I don't trust you blacks sunny yes
honey buns I guess would over the whole
would be slightly raised slightly yes
okay let's see here I did it to dupe to
do why wont tactical view is this like a
quirk of one of these characters where
I'm stuck in tactical view because I
hate it so much and I want it off I want
regular fucking vision I don't know I'm
sorry rich did I hit
Buffalo Bill impressions from Silence of
the Lambs oh oh it turned off and won't
for some reason clicking on it doesn't
work how'd the keyboard command does
rose kind of weird that's better than
nothing it's gone I think I can do a
buffalo bill impression from thyne
sometimes he's like awful bill or what
no it's almost like deeper in your
throat like wiggling her throat which L
remember we really don't remember would
you fuck me I'd fuck me like that like
it puts the lotion and it puts the
lotion in the basket it puts the lotion
in the basket he's got a little bit of a
Edgar from men in black and Plagueis
leaping into mine just because people
always like to compare playa do ya bill
oh yeah absolutely what's what's my line
that's yeah that is a little creepy here
i can see you agent oh I sound like Sam
the Blue Eagle from the Muppets no Sam
is Buffalo Bill meets Kermit oh you've
you've got some you've got some some
sandy Eagle in there no but yeah if you
add Kermit then you get sandy Eagle so
if you'd start with Buffalo Bill and
then out of little Kermit you get Sam
the Eagle when I am here for you what I
what I do remove this stiff George Lucas
is just tone down Kermit the Frog
O'Grady frogs urine you're actually this
one's a little slower you know oh yeah
some little some less a variation less
less sure of himself duller it's like
dollar Herman yeah that's pretty great
nasty flot how much you think the movies
do you think you can make make the space
alien look a little like cooler I'd be
great talking with with somebody last
night yeah we're on the ride home yeah
about how they named the fan of s this
person thought you know phantom is
actually kind of a neat name The Phantom
is looking for the meaning behind it
what was what was that what was that
referring to sure Palpatine or was it
was the trade fitter what was the better
man yeah I said did he just thought the
Phantom was a cool word he was looking
for something affair with no I'm really
phantom what's another word I can go
with phantom phantom phantom opera well
I've done that phantom guys he said you
know cuz because the first one was
supposed to be like a mystery wasn't it
I yeah sure why not so but you you
actually things like he was just like a
phantom sounds cool am I in my head in
my head yes that's great uh maybe the UM
the phantom society yeah The Phantom
turbulence oh I don't know Oh was that
nasty flat tipped and didn't want to be
left out wants to make sure we play more
undertale it reminds them of earthbound
yes we will play more undertale thank
you blue tip found no they wants to play
undertale which reminds them of
earthbound we probably won't get around
to her phone but we couldn't i don't
know like i like respond oh oh my god oh
my god what no um I check that I real
there there olivion says despite riches
earlier dismissal I think you should try
grow home it's a fun 3d platformer and
you can probably finish it in one stream
grow home Rome gone home bat or please
play police quest to grow home what was
I don't even remember that what was that
and why did I dismiss it I haven't I
just did I probably have a reason I have
a reason for everything i do grow home
exactly the things that don't have
reasons for
oh yeah this looks adorable that little
robot man I don't I honestly don't
remember dismissing this you might have
you might have dismissed gone home maybe
yeah maybe there was a miscommunication
i will i will add grow home to the games
we should play list okay um because yeah
that looks adorable okay now if you'll
excuse me I've been trying to check to
see if the princess bride is appropriate
for my children for like 20 much we even
need to do this because I love this app
let's see here action style violence
includes a torture machine sword fights
one to the death a death by poisoning
quicksand fire pits shrieking eels
menacing rous is a character makes
reference to killing herself oh that one
language one use of son of a bitch also
but a great use of set of a bitch you
killed my father you son of a bitch oh
my god but here's here's why they can't
watch it they use my god and jesus as an
exclamation you know what have to
explain what Jesus's is that essentially
what this means is just lazy parenting
no I already have you know I have radar
day night I know I'm giving you shit
daddy what's that T on the wall why does
that t have a bloody manner we've had
some we've had some conversations oh
yeah we're definitely watching The
Princess Bride not the jeez well son
that's the jeez he floats in the air and
smiles at you when you sing songs about
him it's great it's great it's great
everybody loves them everybody loves
jeez bright side I know where the
elevator is
that's great that you know where the
elevator is that really is great I don't
think you understand this blink um it's
great to know where the elevator it's
been a while since I played it oh that's
a good question well I wonder what the
someone is wondering what the kids media
app says for Passion of the Christ it
just is just gonna say great movie boom
pesi all I hate detention centers yeah
yeah these are these are unnecessarily
hard missions oh my god so like positive
role models nun sex nun language nun
consumerism done drinking drugs and
smoking nun violence all five notches
ticked extremely graphic and intense
violence this is for Passion of the
Christ including whipping and
crucifixion could cause nightmare in
your younger children very disturbing
and violent images involving Jesus Satan
Judas and others but that's fine
Christian movie is a fine Christian
movie we're not gonna show buts I'm very
sorry I'm not gonna show you my butt oh
do you have armor on you fucker I'm
really I'm really happy that i never saw
a passion of the christ oh I'm not
available I thought that was a ball i
thought it was energy right no no why
are you moving there are you idiot what
are you doing red I i thought this for
some reason when i looked at i thought
that was the energy weapon that that
refills between nations and it's not so
i need to manually find recharge for it
which is not going to happen how about a
little butt cleavage I can't no no whoa
what a white why do you do that twitch
will not allow me to show butts I'm
sorry
what was that what was that like a
rewind okay which I'm doing cuz I'm
completely out of practice I might just
skip the rescue aspect of this rescue
mission actually and flee yeah this is
just gonna be too much of a pain they
asked for that rescue I mean it's right
there it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter show tits then I can we even even
us as males cannot show our pectoral
muscles one because it's so sexy up in
here that it will cause you to faint and
possibly injure yourself and two because
it's against twitches Chico bingo says
here's some money now show us your but I
think you have to do it cuz they gave us
money you have to show them your body
yeah for two dollar its rule it's a rule
they give two dollars you just have to
do it whatever it is that is that the
rule is that that's a roll yeah that's
official that's in the twitch guidelines
that yeah yeah okay jack show us bud use
my button here's my buddy oh my god we
just lost two hundred years what
happened did you show them your butt I
show them my butt why did you do that
you told me show oh my god this is just
dropping we're now that we just lost
another 100 we're not we're not we're
down to 54 viewers jack oh my read on
all the donations they're just vanished
oh my god I've been taken away and you
can't take him back what did you do the
unspoken love twitch donations you're
right no listen I would there was
nothing I could do there was nothing I
do oh um someone was asking before I
showed my bud what we thought they'd
make some changes to the secondary
terminal is that day what's this one do
I don't know what this one does what do
you do what did you woody I don't know
why don't know what happened i clicked i
just clicked at it hmm all this one of
the ones those programs I know what this
is never mind i'm just stupid okay yeah
I'm thinking I take it I think we got
it's good anything man I can do wat oh
hey I can do what a whaling is amazed by
my Boeing Company I massillon the Great
Green oh my credo Watteau doesn't matter
wat agreed oh hey any DNA like the
safety do you love to get in my bedroom
it's time I guess what else did she do
right you think I bought you too clunky
got your stupid garden need a stupid or
dumb you're a dumb kid and be grateful
your mom is such a good whore if not I'd
kick you out so bad
sell you I've gotten office man with the
beard you want you I don't care what he
does with you hahaha qui gonn there's
something and need to go with him he
gave me one dollar you wouldn't be one
of the better go with the match yeah it
just go into strange man i hate you it
is it's fine that's fine if I'm rich yes
uh nikhil's nakida nakida says please
the tipped yeah you need to do your best
gun safety Eagle impression I didn't
remember what I sounded like oh well
hang have the gun safety eagle I'm gonna
look in your bedroom window to make sure
you're not playing with a gun and if you
haven't been getting ready for bed oh
well it's for safety didn't mean to look
at you when you were change your clothes
just happened whoa I need to check
anywhere for a gun even under your shirt
this might tickle don't tell anyone you
are using a gun in the shower I better
make sure step don't touch leave the
room don't call it a dome call it a dog
999 per minute what 999 per minute
remember those commercials back in the
day late at night the night 1 900
numbers dead commercials for those for
like sex lines yes Oh No dile a friend
oh you know like I I remember the these
commercials are probably still on is is
just like the party line oh yeah yeah
like not the 900 numbers but just now I
remember I remember like it you know me
it's so hard to meet someone so
sometimes i just call the party line I
just call the party line
who who do you want to talk to maybe me
we can have a good time at the party
lion time she's got to open some doors
for me yeah get my mojo back that's
great lowly but surely they're they're
real girls here and we want to talk to
you we just you know chat about your day
or whatever credit card numbers I don't
care he I just called the party night si
si do you think I'm pretty because I
like the party line time it's party line
time we're gonna call the party line and
have lots of time sir for the party 9
time you do a girls voice like like
disturbingly well I'm just saying it
sounds it sounds like you've had
practice doing girl voices yes no master
master vocal talent right here that's
why all right now I improve that oh yeah
that's that's the sad face do I do it
better I like your exam uh t Dax says
police quest to police quest to police
quest to yes yes we're gonna do it we
like police quest to the why are you
doing it now with a bit like so cool
game too we just need the first nine
numbers of your social security number
and you can game right on the party it's
party line and then if you have lime in
your period you have a party line line
I'm a party wine wine you're losing your
brain could be you know what you won the
goofballs I a sudden I could be could be
losing my mind but I don't know lousy
hippie I can't lose my mind with him I'm
on a party line
so what one night 1999 party lines I'm
not sure if this is the best dream or
the work we were up very late last night
we were we were working last night and
we stayed up very late and so now and
it's just a deal Bri nate our souls you
want the hey baby this is Neil this is
neoprene pay for my party line name
you're turning into michael jackson
right oh and that pitiful but i got this
creepy thing with children I am I'm
getting I'm getting a teeny tiny bit
silly and you know I'm gonna be okay
with that I'm gonna be okay with getting
silly so so yeah what Sun got in my head
the other day was feeling groovy you
ever hear that song by uh no bye bye
girl probably i don't remember it off
the top my head though yeah how's it go
Simon and Garfunkel I don't know music
slow down you move too fast gotta make
the movement last stop don't touch this
Terran it dumps so that's right like I
was just thinking about that when I see
my girl voice like hey dude to feelin
groovy sat down you move to have Brett
read my letter it's kiara which is ki I
a RM and the name of the song is called
gold and it's awesome it's super rad
kiara gold you're talking about secure
person and I have no idea what you're
talking about ki r is that song I had
you listened to when you're like oh
that's nice
it's called gold and it's great she has
a SoundCloud and it has a bunch of her
songs and I like all of them gold is
really cool this guy's gonna cost me a
shit load of ammo wasn't him this guy's
got a lot of drawbacks who does this guy
yeah we're uh but he kills p or killing
people gives them stuff right uh yeah
what have you been getting have you been
murdering people yet no you he levels up
you can't buy level ups you get level
ups free level ups for murdering but
level ups aren't free because it costs
money to buy ammunition if you're not
finding ammunition oh oh you're gonna
burn through ammunition if you just kill
people okay also normally you would
raise the alarm by killing people but I
fortunately found a ugh men that that
takes care of that problem nice nice
kiara I don't know puppet master how do
i get a puppet master toy oh i don't
know i'm sorry oh you are you an armor
guy I don't know new but it is an armour
0 block he's blocked all right well
that's that's that's fine I don't know
how much money we will check later we
appre like a you know the the donations
we appreciate we have they they help oh
shit us to you fuckers in here oh Jesus
who focus I'm sure right we'll check it
out later see how his new mouse oh
you're not gonna move are you fucker you
mother fucker mother fucker oh my fuck
we got this we got this good take that
you fucking prick steel now murder
right I'm listening to the song right
now and you thought your thoughts on
rich being in the vicinity of the Kiera
song is hilarious it's true two brains
rich rich calmly and patiently not it is
listen very happy for Jack and I'll yet
yes I'm happy that you found something
you enjoy Jack that's great I think
that's good I like girly pop and it's
got like some some hip hoppy vibes to it
and I'd like to hip hop and what's great
um anonymous is donating and says can
you do sands and papyrus voices again
for a brief moment I love the voices you
guys did sands and papyrus I have we've
done all the characters hey you oh no
you went you in like slowly yes that was
advanced like a monster and then I think
I went a little like this you ever seen
the barbarism what are we doing here I'm
a madman look let me tell you what I
think about this situation papyrus I
think it's crazy I think that's what we
did I have no I don't remember actually
I think I'm gonna have to rewatch our
stream sounds about right I'm gonna have
to rewatch our stream before we do it
again so I can get the voice right I
think we're past those characters i
don't know i think they hang on did we
finish that whole section of the game I
don't know rich you can scam knocked out
guards as well well I wanted to save the
cooldown for the one I killed so I could
level him up that was there was a reason
there was a reason grand new objet a
murder of this guy okay um Jack I like
that time you remembered the nighties
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo please make
your rendition of semi charmed life the
tip noise Thank You comically small
skeleton dude dude dude dude did it do
to do good and
is gonna feel it I'm going and I'm going
to back to me if it's dumb to the
frustration welcome again thanks very
easy man I don't think it's gonna
replace oh my god no overlap nothing
will ever replace oh my god you know I
don't know if people were here when Jay
told that story of him editing me doing
the due to dues from semi charm kind of
life but apparently I have an internal
metronome that is so on that i synced
perfectly with the song he put in semi
charm kind of life in the background of
me going do-do-do-do-do-do oh yeah
remember that yeah and according to jay
it synced perfectly because i am that on
it Pizza train wants us to know we have
more people watching our stream than New
York Times bestselling author Patrick
Rufus did earlier in the day playing
fallout 4 yay we've arrived you know yes
it's the power of oh my god it's the
power of Jesus it's the power of the
geez this is this has probably been the
most religious stream we've ever done we
keep phrasing God you me and by god you
mean Neil brain right yes my god do you
mean the one true Savior Neil bring the
streams got it all let's go out ghosts
and goblins thank you for tipping so
rich yeah what's going on in your creepy
basement I don't have a basement a
little bit a fucking apartment you
having a bet you have a basement don't
know Jim me apartment no really yeah you
guys like a like a laundry room no one
rooms just in a different room okay this
instead of a being a unit one of them is
just the cute ility room with lockers
and no okay yeah okay they go yes I'll
praise the Breen
Jack I've never had a basement you have
never in your life ever i had downstairs
as one of those ones were like the first
floor was kind of like sunken half-caf
sure sure like you kind of ghost at a
level go down or you can go up yeah when
you walk into the foyer yeah it wasn't
really a basement really yeah you've
never had a basement no I've never had a
basement I mean really basements are
just storage area I understand that but
I've never had one is the point it's
very strange yeah it's very very strong
what I do with a basement right now I
probably just put stuff in them you
that's that whatever know like like like
like boxes with stuff yeah you put stuff
in there that you forget about until it
becomes too full of stuff and you have
to throw it out what do you put in your
attic we can't well our our attic
doesn't have a ladder to it and so we
would need like a separate ladder to get
into heretic so right now we don't put
anything in our attic I had an addict
but we never ever used it really yeah oh
my god does everyone like an invisible
ink cuz you're we do anything we want
right oh that's perfect breezes well
sure they everyone click on John kilos
link praise be to brina's pray I'm you
know you don't know kind of in the mood
for what do you can FTL let's switch it
up that's first of all that's not
switching up we just played FTL like I
don't give a shit I do what you do rich
we you know what tonight's all about
crazy I you know what I think Jack you
know what I think don't-don't-don't done
nothing then yeah what we get you you
not we you get too hung up on playing
games second time they do they they love
FTL I love FTL you love FTL interfere
why are you denying everybody FTL I
think I think that's going a bit far no
no I'm not you know I think um my
my denial of games that we play a set
even a second time or or often as is the
case with FTL is um is to make sure we
keep the stream fresh yeah but we should
we always play new games every those
games we come back to frequently yeah
that's not a think it's a big deal okay
I don't think it's visit hey you you're
in you're in charge I'm just over here
what's this one I don't get that one
that goes on for a while oh that's fun
what is that like a wrong okay it's
almost like a Wawa do you have close we
have this uh
