Episode 273
Rocket Breen
December 13, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DT7x9sO87hY
___________________________________________

we will be rocket leaving only one of us
will be playing the other one of them oh
of course you know make sure we we hang
out for whatnots and who's its rocket
League like a bird I'm like a bird
rocket a Jew it's it looks like a bird
I'm gonna fly away
oh that's very mutators we got mutators
up yeah mutators it's weird it's fun
isn't that it right there I'm gonna use
the restroom get a drink anyway okay
I got a controller Rachel's gonna use
the restroom okay that's right the brain
is life the brain is life I guess I'm I
guess I'm gonna just start that's a go I
like that okay let's do this let's do
play online join private match the neh
so the name of the room is is prereq of
course and the password to get into the
private room is BR EE and brain Oh No
unable to find server apparently not oh
that was joined private match I'm gonna
create private match there we go
for before you know you oh you can do
mutator settings oh my god
password breehn v r ee n great match
okay let's do this is rocket League on
we no I don't believe so I think it's
only on ps4 and Steam prereq Breen room
is prereq and and Brennan or bringing it
up how I was I was getting a little
distracted there's no way the Breen will
come to the chat he doesn't know how to
use the chat there's no way and if the
if the Breen Grace's us with his mighty
mighty presence then I mean the
fortunate us fortunate few boom
sorry I blew you up but I'm not sorry
blows yep
the the brain doesn't know how to use
computers or he knows how to use
computers so much that uh he's too busy
doing important stuff probably like
making his next awesome movie shit so no
he will not be monk monk he will not be
gracing us with His grace tonight
oh my god
Oh No don't walk in I hear all sorts of
crazy noises I was doing uh Katamari
Damacy
so far I've done nothing good except for
blow a couple people up it's a fine
thing I've done what the hell is
happening of rocket League mostly mostly
rocket League is happening and we're
having some rocket League on this
totally awesome stream I don't know if
you've noticed how awesome the stream is
if you didn't show up earlier you've
missed some good shit we talked about
Chuck Norris dying and Chuck Norris
jokes no we've gone we've gone the
mundane Rob with Chuck Norris deaths
yeah what happens what what is the joke
if Chuck Norris dies by being impaled by
a narwhal impaled by a narwhal those are
the whales with the unicorn horn is
because the only reason Chuck Norris
died by a narwhal is because he finally
felt guilty for killing the last unicorn
rich which isn't a good mood tonight a
good place tonight
yeah I've been exposed to the wonder of
of breehn the wonder and majesty of the
all-knowing I've opened my heart to our
Savior who is the best at everything
it's so true you know what I am a little
bad at Rockley right now there you go in
waves sometimes you takes a couple
message mat know the matches before
you're into it yeah especially for not
playing it every day I can't crack
silver in doubles I just can't fucking
do it I've I've gotten to you score I
think you go into silver it at 400
points
uh-huh I've been at 398 fucking twice
then I've gone on like a ten game losing
streak oh geez
I've fought my way back fucking hump
Oh breathe oh come on
get back there get it back it I just got
here does that mean a Neal Breen movie
on Bo TW well I'll say this Double Down
I'm not sure if it was the best or the
worst thing I've ever seen
what
nice one rich thank you thank you you
know that was super subtle I I thought
of that one last night I was waiting for
it to come up here we go there we go
make it I was facing the wrong way
I think I'm not think you got rear-ended
oh thanks Sam you were there for me the
leftover beefcake wants to make sure we
play please quest - that's a whole night
we can that's the night but yes of
course we will play please mr. and
Yutaka the Cinnabons voice all night if
that's what you would if that's what the
B the Breen were requires then that's
what will be done good kid kid kid kid
kid we do only what no the dagger
what was that that was the dagger oh my
god bond stopped me at the wrong way
still no game audio guys what well I
can't fix it right at this very moment
it's weird and I'm sorry that we don't
have any game audio many apologies well
something be destroyed in the next best
of the worst I'm not at liberty to
divulge such information
I don't need an always destroy something
I don't even know what destroying is I
want to find out you'll have to watch
the show I don't understand what the
meet what the word destroying means you
destroy this I have no idea what it
means
all right there you go I switch off yeah
damn murder what I'm used to playing
matches on the online with us oh sure oh
wait wait I got it wait here oh my god
okay well we gotta wait for Joe to get
ready Joe the Breen is not happy the
Breen will strike you down in your next
life or this one he'll do it Dwight you
know he'll double down he'll strike you
down in this life and in your next one
rich thank you nice one rich on fire
riches the bomb
I'd join late because I forgotten how to
play normal matches right
you got brained right would Breen beat
Chuck Norris up here's the thing Breen
could beat Chuck Norris up 100% Breen
wouldn't do that though because beyond
being like a super strong guy he's also
like a good guy he's got a good heart
but he's also a terrorist but I mean if
he needs to be
he's whatever he needs to be because he
can do everything and anything he could
be Chuck Norris update he wouldn't
because he gives charity that's right
and Chuck Norris his ability compared to
Neal's brain is a charity case so what
would happen is Chuck Norris would come
for a fight and Nia brain would give him
a can of soup that's what you do with
charity give me some soup brain can do
anything that's true what would happen
getting what's the what's the Chuck
Norris joke if Chuck Norris dies in a
bungee-jumping accident yeah look at
that look at that just easy-peasy
he decides that at 83 years old he's in
such great shape that he wants to go
bungee jumping for the first time okay
what what is the is Chuck Norris didn't
die bungee jumping he died because he
was so powerful that the earth bounced
up and hit him he pulled the earth up to
hit him yeah
Krieger V with the jokes these are the
these were trunk we have a bit and we
are sticking with the bitch he's not
happy with three girls not happy he's
done with the baby he's done with the
bit he's done with a bit apparently it's
led to nothing interesting is that
apparently he's done with a bit these
things you guys called jokes yeah you
know what they're minor there's bits
don't always work we're in a good mood
we're trying you assholes oh that's
right Lando was taken Lando was taken is
very correct we still need a Mario
Sunshine Stream yeah yeah fucking love
Super Mario Sunshine so yes absolutely
abso-fucking-lutely Lando is taken thank
you for the tip thanks T Carlisle says I
bet Chuck Norris is just going to die in
line at the DMV ironically the most
boring death ever okay so what's the
joke if Chuck Norris dies while wait or
waiting to renew his license at the DMV
something about getting his number
called
they had to work not to score there
bad you're being you're being bad Chuck
Norris oh my god oh my god oh fuck Jesus
chaos this is chaos whoo Chuck Norris
called their number you know reverse it
that's a standard procedure standard
procedure
I don't I don't think this joke is
leading to much creativity no no that
led to much none you know yeah all right
fine I tried it was jungle it was my
idea
this and you haven't brought anything
you haven't brought it I I thought I
thought our clever creative viewers
would come up with rules of things on
their own and in just now this hasn't
happened the oh the Jo oh that's nice
baby bass bait the joke is starting to
Chuck Boris
that's fine we will give up on our Chuck
Norris death joke bids
yeah Matt be for 25 we didn't talk about
Matt Landis max landis we liked him he's
a cool guy he's a cool guy and we talked
about a lot of cool stuff and he let us
read his comic book like three weeks
earlier than we should have and that was
really neat and he was giddy to have
somebody read it ya know and like not
only that we just talked about comics
and like he's a genuine he like you know
III know like I know how he comes across
but he is a very genuine guy he just
happens to talk a lot and I think people
confuse like the amount of things I
think people know knows he has a famous
father and they just assume he's going
to be a spoiled brat
yeah but he's like really genuine about
things you see that but safe that was a
great boat save you save so much but
he's really genuine about the things
that he cares about and you know it was
really fun talking with him he talks a
lot but it was really fun talking with
him once you figure out how to how to
get him to stop talking it was great
which is of course more a joke but once
you figure out how to get in a
conversation with him he was really fun
to talk to
uh-huh I am I'm looking forward to
Jessica Jones on Friday
oh is that Friday Friday I'm looking
forward to it I'm I'm fan of the alias
comic books yeah yeah yeah um also
everyone please remember if you've
played a couple games with us to drop
out and let other people join I I got
into a preacher debate with max landis
and I had to leave because I haven't
read preacher yet it ended with him
acknowledging that I was right I will
say that boom well that's like like
that's the kind of that's what I mean by
like genuine like he will have nerd
debates but like be totally cool with
your ideas on the subject he presented
his head his idea and then I'm like well
my counterpoint uh-huh and then he
stopped and you could see him thinking
for a second and he said are you right
so no he was he was cool he was cool to
hang with and I I don't want to bother
getting in the details he had a theory
about Jesse's imaginary friend John
Wayne okay don't get into details I
still want to read preacher yeah I
should have buck bounced I could I could
have done it backwards but bounce but oh
my god oh my god I am apparently
terrible at this game right now here we
go here we go almost yeah almost
oh okay Isis I get thisis I'll take this
or or nice shot zum listen thanks zombie
but I'm in this for me okay rich are you
excited all about the preacher TV no it
looks like they're entirely missing the
point I'm at this point half convinced
that the show is gonna have a pro
religion message at the end
from the very little I know about the
comics the the trailer doesn't seem
close to that what but III know very
very little about the comics all right
no he's gonna stick around in that
stupid tone and he's gonna help the
locals with their problems with his
powers it's gonna be so it's gonna be
that bad
I'm worried think yep and they're gonna
be too terrified to have a message a
message of the show being that God's an
asshole they're gonna they're gonna
they're gonna cop out on that oh yeah
they probably have to it's tough because
like AMC has had big success with The
Walking Dead and I want to say a lot of
their success has come from like being
faithful to the comics being a little I
know it's not gonna happen it's not
gonna happen
oh no but this what I'm what I'm
confused with is like they've had
success being edgy and like Wyatt why
are they straying from the formula just
because it saves them a buck do I do I
think our space will be in the show it
doesn't matter because I think they're
gonna get everything important wrong
doesn't matter if that one character is
also in it or not somatically it's it's
it's gonna be contrary to the source
material just wait for it oh my god it's
gonna be like Smallville oh I hope not
who the fuck was that kid that was 90
percent of a trailer fuck that kid fuck
that kid right he's the local that he's
helping I guess
goli gotta be a goalie yo I'll just stay
over here I'll do flips and shit oh shit
why oh because you're your head well you
know it's good to have a goalie
especially like four on four there's a
way to there's a smart way to play
defense and I don't think it's by
hanging back in the goal all the time
yeah you know I think I think like once
the balls on the far end like it is now
I think you're okay hanging out at a
halfway mark
ready to jump in to get an easy goal if
need be I'm with you like I've played TV
too and when one person sits in goal and
you just can't score because there's
assholes is always in your own goal and
it's one you know B versus two other
guys right never gonna score I hardly
ever won me verse two other guys and
he's just sitting back there doing jack
shit for four minutes and I lose that
match because of that you fucked that
person that's not how you play the game
well we have fliers we got Flyers
everybody I got this I got a I'm so oh
my god I'm so sorry
Zomba you you probably had that you
probably had that and I hit you
I knocked yeah I'm gonna I'm going back
to the goal I'm gonna I'm gonna hang out
back here this is where I belong
I can't do anything else right so I'm
just gonna hang out over here if you
guys need me I'll be in here
what's called cyber seduction that
sounds like the title of the next Neal
Breen movie is that the title of the
next movie there's some kind of movie
about somebody's life I don't know
well cyber seduction the story of bream
the story of one man's conquest of
lawsuit oh I got the assist nice from
all the way back here Mike said
something about Double Down during the
screening and it's like ex-cop
yes he's so right yes well it's it's a
joke if you don't know what axe cop is
ex cop is a webcomic and I literally
written by a five year old boy
where is he seven yeah yeah kid he's
he's definitely young a child drawn by
his older much older brother and it's
about a cop who has an axe and you know
it's it's like and then the cop finds a
dinosaur and he found a dinosaur but the
criminal also had a dinosaur yeah and
they're super sick dinosaur fight and
that's what that's what Neil Breen is
he's a child making a movie cuz he's the
best at everything
axe cop cartoon were already cancelled
oh well I guess I haven't I didn't watch
it till I say this mother comic I read a
little bit got old quick yeah I would
not old quick I would see them if you
want if you want kind of random chaos
and a fun webcomic mmm read dr. McNinja
which is actually it's in its last
storyline
they're making ninja it's getting ready
to end tonight go read it now go read it
now dr. McNinja is amazing
cyber seduction is an anti pornography
movie now we're talking anti-pornography
anti yeah anti a movie that is against
pornography what it wasn't that you were
watching earlier I saw you pop into the
chat and like someone made is are there
people that believe that we live flat
earth yes this is a real face is a real
thing
you know why why because in the Bible in
the biblical view the world is flat it's
it stems from religion that's like
they're they're the same kind of people
who are like the new earth creation at
young earth creationist oh yeah the
people who believe that the earth is
like yeah seven thousand yeah or
whatever yeah some of the more extreme
versions of these people also believe
that the earth is flat really yes
that's amazing I started to watch a
little bit of it and then as soon as as
soon as this part this sort of rich
shared this video that was a YouTube
video about like the science behind Flat
Earth theory
please use air quotes
well there's science there it's bad
science but they're seconds and as soon
as he started like his the main argument
of the piece was a government conspiracy
to keep this information from the public
for some reason for gain because that I
don't know because they don't like God
yeah because somehow that gives them
power and it was and I had to stop
watching there because that that hit the
point of of ridiculous for me but it was
great
that's right can someone show me a non
doctored picture of a satellite that
isn't obviously fake no I I it boggles
my mind that people like that can't
exist oh you weren't here was something
that it was slightly maybe as crazy may
be crazier I'm not really sure flat
earth man all right you don't Neal Adams
Comics comic book legend Neal Adams you
know what he believes
well what who is he firstly he is famous
for drawing like Batman in the 70s okay
really nice art style famous guy famous
comic famous Neal Isaac chemical are
believes in the expanding Earth theory
the expanding yeah the continents fit
together because the earth was smaller
and there were no oceans some point and
it's the earth has slowly been getting
larger you know what I'm gonna say that
makes more sense than flattery I'm not
young I'm just not sure I would take
that over Flat Earth but Neil Neil Adams
is an expanding earth ER okay okay
that's fine that you know now I've heard
it's the comic book Neil or there's this
possibility maybe it's just some other
Neil Adams and there's confusion but
everything I've read it's it's the Neil
Adams so well every time we get hit by a
meteor the earth gets a little bit
larger kid away I don't know this flat
earther video that I saw the guy did not
seem to be joking no no he seemed very
it's a Bible thing very serious cause
like you get like like an hour and a
half into it he's like okay I'm just
being subtle about this but God just
because God and God is oh my god
it's
thank you for subscribing nine says Jack
I believe that the earth is flat more
than I believe that there is a God
lensless in ski can you please
differentiate between religious people
and crazy people look the crazy people
are crazy about their religion this is
an important factor and they're crazy
not that all religious people are crazy
I've never I've never said that and
don't pretend I did well you know it's
you know there there's a there's a weird
line there's a weird line obviously
religion has a tone in this person's
belief that there the earth is actually
flat and this person is a crazy person
and his religion is part of that that
that was you know what that was that was
a whole lot of me saying nothing yeah
and I really liked that I'm pretty good
at that sometimes crazy people there's
crazy people out there this Flat Earth
theory is crazy it's ridiculous it's
beautiful I love it that that can exist
mhm
doesn't that make you feel happy because
it's fun to watch the crazy people be
crazy
I think 9/11 truthers are crazy too and
that has nothing to do with religion but
in the case of this Flat Earth thing it
it does I'm sorry
right yeah they're crazy too everybody
said everybody's a little crazy
everybody's a little crazy man but jet
fuel can't melt steel beams
9/11 truthers our assholes though yeah
you know this flat earth guy sounded
like an asshole you haven't asked so I'm
gonna put that out there somebody still
has the link from what I posted earlier
you can repost it nobody who can see for
themselves oh man it's like if you want
to watch something and just feel good
about you not being crazy I'm having a
terrible night really terrible that
happened really really terrible I can
only imagine like Manos mannose fate han
says for an actual scientist it makes me
want to pull my hair out individually I
can only imagine like someone who like
does really like you know like a
geologist or you know like a NASA earth
scientist you know but but earth
pictures are all fake that have to be
because if you went up that high you'd
hit the dome they blues and all they
believe in a dome there's a dome they
believe in a dome the earth is is 32
miles wide and it revolves in like a
circle over the earth a thousand a
thousand miles above us it was great
maybe they got specific 32 miles wide it
was great so like you get to watch the
video and then if you if you say to
yourself this video is crazy you just
get to feel really good about you not
being that person and it's great it's
like an ego boost it's like a great ego
boost there's there's I think it might
be a different flattering video but
there's one where like he's just like
every time he talks about like gravity
he's just sounds like there's just
discussed is your gravity yeah we got we
all head towards the center huh what
holds the Penguins up gravity
land fly Kaczynski we don't we we don't
mean to insult you and now hopefully no
one in the you calling it Lynn flack is
Lynn fly Kaczynski yeah it's a flat
earther I'm calling it don't you don't
you do it don't you do it
we what my fiancee goes to church I
don't hate all religious people I don't
think they're all stupid no and we and
we do not encourage anyone in the chat
to make fun of religion we do encourage
you to make fun of flat-earthers but
when somebody thinks the earth is flat
I'm gonna make fun of them yes
absolutely
leave the Len fly Kaczynski alone unless
she's a flat earth plant if you're a
flat earther man we can't help you
there's no help for you not even our
Lord breezes couldn't could it could
help you that's the one thing that our
Lord breezes cannot do is defend flat
earthers no no Neil Breen would prove
the earth was flat and then he would
make it round but my fiancée is a
breezes you take the syringe you just
like inject it into the ground
oh you you give nd take breeze
what
what's gonna time as a time as a cube
that makes perfect sense
what oh that's another theory I think
this one was more ingest because
technically it works but you can't prove
it the right what I I'm not familiar
enough with the two to get in depth but
okay the earth could be a cube and the
things we see in the sky and the
day/night cycles would still make sense
oh geez I'm with you I love it I love it
all I think I think it's more thought
experiment than belief on that
whoo I don't want perfectly normal it's
be anawalt ah breathe man
do you see that Neil brain is playing
with us today
Oh Sabrina here someone came to name to
me Oh brain that's that's fantastic oh I
see it that's great
is that why blue is winning that's funny
because Neil brain is the best rocket
League driver he was captain of the
rocket League team you just ended there
he is the best rocket League driver
that's all you need to say I'd like
Allegan when he wins he wins all the
games after after winning after winning
all the medals it awarded to the
greatest of the rocket League drivers
like a I gave up being a rocket the best
rocket leaf driver because of the love
of my life and now when I rock it the
best my love is with me rocketing first
touch
no Neil look at that Neal Brennan was so
good he wanted to score on it on us just
to make it fair just make it a fail kid
just to make it a fail fight what are
you guys talking about Ra's al Ghul is
it raza ratio rule you you were not
faithful enough and the brain had to
strike the it was punishment for your
fear transgression and and because the
Bree the Breen is the best at anything
no one could score on the brain so he
scored on himself yes yes that makes
perfect sense that makes perfect sense
Breen in in the 3rd minute of the game
he will rise to score again I accept
I accept your your just punishment yep
yep
kind of got all flappity do over here
it's Rach
is it rasa ratio cool it's you know what
it's been said different ways they I
think here's the way it works the actual
like way it's pronounced is raysh okay
but I believe the guy who created the
character are forgetting who was it one
of the famous Batman writers and I can't
remember which one it was huh
Danny O'Neill I think okay I think
according to him the way he said it was
Ross oh okay so it's in flux yeah it's
in flux gotcha gotcha I don't know I I'm
half paying attention to the chat so I
don't know where that came from but no
see bill hecka Breen when flack is in
ski you don't need Redemption in my eyes
we're fine we're all good we're having
fun tonight
we're we're having fun we're having
we're cool you can you can I know that
you it's great that you love Mad Max but
it's fine doesn't matter it's fine
everything's great about you all the
time except for if you're flat earther
Billa hecka says Billa hecka says
something that is incorrect and we need
to we need to address this he says he
says Breen is everywhere and nowhere and
that is not true Breen is every way he's
just everywhere he is everywhere all the
time he's everywhere he needs to be
because he is so good at everything that
he is everywhere he wants to be like
have you seen DoubleDown he's alive but
he was also talking to his dead parents
he's both alive and dead this is how he
talks to his dead wife am I wrong
I know I know the Breen fills my brain
with goodness and wholesome it's the
holy duality
oh it's no
holy singularity the holy singularity
the brain is a singular being of pure I
think we're gonna have to disagree on
the text here because he's clearly alive
and dead
no he's also he is also a terrorist and
an anti-terrorist fighter but they're
all one breathe he is both he both saves
and destroys Las Vegas at the same time
that's true there is clearly it breen
duology but it's all for the purpose of
breehn and so it's the singular it's the
singular brain there's gonna be a schism
in the church now it's only but it's
church for four hours and there's
already a goddamn schism I I am an
evangelical brainís are you gonna nail
the the treatise on the door of the
studio
III believe in taking over fuck oh my
god oh my god that was awful of me I
believe taking the word of breehn
literal oh I yes and obviously here's
here's the real part of rich and I
debating the text of brain is neither of
us have read the full text which is
perfect i I've seen I've seen the
trailer for the second book of brain and
and it looks fantastic I am here now
where I am that's the first book of
brain isn't it no double Don is the
first that's the first okay and then the
second is I am here now the third is
fateful findings and the fourth upcoming
book shot by Neal Breen what is the
fourth book of brain it's not it's not
out yet right the fourth book of brain
is in production is in production
latter-day Breen's
you guys are the greatest except for
those of you who are flat Oh position
properly that's too far ahead through
pass through the upcoming fourth text of
Breen pass through ver pass through what
pester over pass over try to do more of
a thing no it's not don't do it don't do
it
don't do it can't do it oz Mike says
I've decided to become a brilliant ah
Bri intelligence oh no does that mean
you're gonna scan people out of money
and all the name of breeze well you're
actually you're your soul is made up of
five thousand breeding green machines
beta beta Brennan's this don't you
understand that all of the depression
and negative feelings that you are
experienced is actually a in green
balance and we can purge the the
negative brains there's one it was when
Renu put all of the souls in the space
volcano and he hacked the volcano yeah
so it would explode scattering the beta
Breeden's the middie brain Ian's minions
we need to clear your body of the MIDI
brain Ian's
thank you for subscribing says no matter
how hard I try I just can't bring myself
off these jokes okay okay
and we'll never get old at least not
today at least not today
tomorrow who knows but today today it's
a lovely day something I was saying
earlier is this morning you know I was
trying I was trying to describe
DoubleDown to my wife and yes she's not
like big into bad movies she is sho
indulge me and like oh you know watch a
movie but that we know will be bad
beforehand but today she likes movies
but not you know she doesn't she's not
into bad movies like like we are and I
was I was trying very hard to just
describe the movie to her to know it was
no there was no use yeah it was
absolutely there was no way she could
understand the glory of breehn she watch
the trailer right and but then that's
the thing we watched the trailer we
watched the trailer for it and then we
watched the trailer for all of his other
movies and and she's a Britney Britney
ver now now she's a born-again believer
which means she is anthrax that's right
to Carlisle what do we say in the face
of breehn might get old we say not today
not today I have not fully converted her
actually we just scream and run away
into the desert I have not fully
converted her to brainy ology or
whatever we're called the Church of of
breena's breezes as she has not yet
experienced any of the full texts of our
Lord breezes
you know chaos four versus four makes it
really hard to put up a good centering
pass cuz just too many people in front
of the net that's that's why it's chaos
oh no oh no I I gotta Neil's way and I
fucked up our shot I prevented Neil
brain from scoring you I'm I'm the anti
Neil your trust in Neil brain was not
complete rich so many so many in
justices against the brain
but what I don't know yeah one second I
think we're gonna win it good
I know new Bryn says you now have
anthrax what our cars bump together you
just wiped anthrax on your wheels on
your car okay we will now we will now
conclude okay I think that's fair
we will now conclude the day let us let
us give tithing x' to breeze us as we
read aloud the subscribers to us the
voice host the host of bream the hope
the voice hosted bream Edward Jellico
male gigolo or gigolo was Jellico the
name is Jellico Edward Jellico male
gigolo okay yeah we're Jellico or or
giggle oh it's not Jilla coab is there's
no either Jellico it's gonna be Jellicoe
Jellico is his last name
yeah Edward Jellico Mel giggle OH was
what I said gigolo yeah gigolo whatever
the rising sun for the past twelve
months
nasty flat April I love you Brett is 16
months thank you I do love you
Brad is a geek f4 tickets afro tickets
afro Tikas afro circus afro takus the
great afro Turkish Oh beep 12 months in
a row the Boozer Raider Jack notices do
he really does
rhubarb giraffe rhubarb giraffe I like
that that's a rhubarb rhubarb a giraffe
you know world tea cause I T Karl's I'll
Carlo Kurt T Carl for tomorrow numbers
things done twisters pack jacquard too
slap-happy to read um Josh you also see
a today ax s bandit magnitude pew pew I
got you in the boom no MN guitars oh
that's it
try to detect thank you for subscribing
nine thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true it's really doing and thanks
thanks for all the tips tonight and
thanks for coming out for all
