Episode 278
Star Wars Battleyawn (Part 1)
December 24, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJpRAScKulA
___________________________________________

nothing's here it's the so I can better
see the chat and the bee guns it's the
big uns those everyone fuckin doin it's
the burgeoning very Merry Christmas
that's the holiday right Christmas yes
Merry Christmas
man what are those space cop light bars
doing on that stick
it's weird alright so we're playing Star
Wars Battlefront
we're play what you are so excited to
play this game and I know you are
oh yeah yeah I can tell right away I
kinda you know I'm very sorry rich chat
you lovely people this is you know
trying to keep it new keep it fresh this
is the hot new Star Wars game IP this is
the hot the new hotness the the new
newness you know you know I'm saying oh
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah it's all about
newness and hey why isn't this working
it's working just fine what are you
talking about my charity wasn't working
I couldn't stop sometimes it does that
it where it stops updating the chat so I
can't read it and you will notice
everyone that a certain smoking game boy
is missing because today I submitted the
fuck pot icon back to the system it
takes a while it takes a while for them
to approve it but they approved it last
time so there's no reason they shouldn't
approve at this time
hi hi everybody
why is the lightsaber floating around
maybe a Jedi is throwing it evidence
that I submitted the fuck pot is well
you can try to use the B remotes and it
won't be there a Michael 87 loan loader
Archon smiling strange all three of you
fifteen mighty months in a row holy
cannoli fuck and sorrow we uh we don't
have our normal setup by the way this
look at the should we read should we
just read yeah go go software you want
to do it in the voice voice I don't know
if you want voice electronic art
software software user license agreement
please note section fourteen contains
binding arbitration cause that's wrong
I'm like I'm like somewhere between
obi-wan and c-3po yeah okay I should go
see false Threepio the end user
now that's perforated is an agreement
between you and Electronic Arts Inc its
subsidiaries and affiliates this license
Kevin's your use of this software
product and all related documentation
and updates and upgrades that replaced
or supplement the software in any
respect that an RNC through via fine
it's fine
where was I many respects in which are
not distributed with a separate license
collectively the software the software
license to you is not solved by
installing all using the software you
agree to the terms of this license and
agree to be bound by a section two below
describes theta EA may use to provide
service and support to you in connection
to the software if you do not agree to
the use of this data do not install the
software at section four below you can
see where the scroll
mariusz just let's just go let's just go
let's just see what happened
let's just sign this shit to play game
you must that's all you need this go
let's just go a little further down here
let's just go a little oh my Jesus
Christ
Oh what disclaimer warranties except for
the limited warranty of recorded media
if applicable and the flicks this might
actually pertain to us in streaming this
game
smite time sky dandy both of you
fourteen mighty months in a row and sag
rod just subscribed fresh meat for the
grinder say rod and tabari HK ten months
in Rome if you are a government end user
and this provision applies to you a
government end user what I don't what is
this a little bullshit it's great can we
talk about what you know Star Wars could
we talk about what a bitch George Lucas
is being about one just being a petty
bitch like he sells the franchise for
four billion dollars and I was going in
interviews you know I broke up the
franchise they didn't they don't want to
use my ideas on George Lucas I created
Star Wars huh I think it's just all they
wanted to do something that the fans
would like but you know Star Wars is
really a soap opera you know they didn't
want to go with my ideas they gave me
four billion dollars and then they
didn't want to go with my ideas so I'm
I'm gonna be a little bitch oh is that
what he that's what he's been doing I
have paid literally zero attention to
Star Wars okay hold on wait please read
this carefully what Star Wars even
though I talk about it constantly it's
the only thing I'll ever be known for
its I'm so busy talking about Star Wars
because I'm done with Star Wars then I'm
not gonna have time to make those small
independent films I was always going to
make if only I had the time or money
like boom I have the time and money
after selling Star Wars it was the
hardest part of me for small independent
films this is the resources I just don't
know any
bakery well the hardest part is I did
this interview bitching about how Disney
he didn't use my Star Wars idea I
figured they would give me a bunch of
money and I would still kind of be in
charge without the headache what didn't
happen that way they told me I was
stupid
no I'm mad okay I'm gonna I'm gonna say
that I have red I'm gonna lie to this
and say that I have read and accept oh
wait we can get the most out of our Star
Wars Battlefront experience with the
Star Wars Battlefront companion hey Luke
abandon lets you play strategic card
game based on what dismiss let's launch
the tutorial that was great that was
great I was gonna make a small personal
film but first I had to make strange
magic a CGI cartoon for babies that's
right I remember
to do this a button problem no these
every button but these are is
everything's fine okay starting tutorial
we were playing a little bit while the
game installs you get to play as Vader
for a little bit but it was kind of
boring so now we're really playing if a
nicer they could just remake Jedi Knight
too and have it looked like this I would
like I would like Jedi Knight too with
updated graphics it could happen oh wow
first-person shooter multiplayer only
this person shooter I know it's not your
thing it's not your thing not any kind
of story you just play these random Star
Wars characters in this universe that's
overplayed but look beautiful okay look
around how petty is it the after after
Disney gave him four billion dollars to
go around on interviews bitching about
the movie they made after paying him
four billion dollars how horribly Petty
and childish
I'm sure Disney doesn't care oh you know
why Disney doesn't care they've already
made Star Wars money back on presale
tickets oh yeah they're gonna be fine
merchandising and presale tickets have
already paid for the acquisition of the
Star Wars license they're gonna be fine
this is George Lucas pissed because
people are excited now that he's not
making stuff that's exactly that that's
exactly what it is my dear and people
love it now people seem to be rage rage
I'm sprinting
keep you i got a laser pew pew lasers oh
there we go so it can be a third-person
shooter as well hey what does what does
everybody doing tomorrow on Thanksgiving
in America I'm gonna say I think we have
a small European base as well and
they'll just be grumbling I'm I'm not
gonna call it a marathon but I am
planning on streaming all day tomorrow
that's crazy
no no I think that's crazy town I mean
obviously due to I got I really honestly
I'm in this like I have I don't really
have anything better to do I'm not gonna
go to my dad's house because they have
cats oh and they always think it's fine
if they vacuumed then I always go over
and I'm hardly fucking sick and
miserable be vacuumed they kicked it all
up in the air it's true that's exactly
what happens like you have to vacuum a
couple days ahead of time but then it
doesn't matter because then the cat lays
down more hair so I'm gonna play
basically whatever the fuck I feel like
yeah there's no real set plan the only
thing for sure I'm gonna play is I'm
gonna I'm definitely gonna try a
vanquish no death-room that's gonna fail
spectacular link uh-huh but I'm gonna
try it goddamn it that's you know what
rich that's all you can do that's all
you can do is try I'm also planning on
because you know me when I have a game I
listen to other things
well I'm gaming right which is I'm just
gonna turn on random movies and you can
you can you can watch long I'll tell you
I'll tell you what I'm watching so
you're gonna you're gonna stream games
while watching movies
while listening to movies while messing
around with the chat yeah that's and
that's you know you know when I saw
those stream then messing around might
be sporadic yeah when will I start I
don't know possibly noonish is it gonna
get up and get here get ready I'll just
start going yeah I completed this
tutorial I considered I considered going
all night yeah from this but then it's
like I'm not gonna get any sleep longer
much longer that's insane
okay exit Thursday's usually doing movie
what I call holidays
I might man I might I might turn on some
of the Trek movies get some get some
breath of calm going okay the plan is to
have the camera on tomorrow probably for
a little I mean you know unless you're
doing something weird and then you just
say hey I'm turning the camp came off
I'm not doing anything weird that's what
you tell him all right well let's just
uh let's just go into the multiplayer
let's just see what happens defeat more
enemies than the other team to win the
battle yeah all right you must be signed
into your yet what what
I just love multiplayer-only gaming what
you got a download a bunch of shit
sounds like
turn off the game for a little bit turn
off the game oh and OBS just in case I
have you sign into anything scroll down
if that'll got the holes at the bottom
instead I've got dole ping right nope
Bing okay wait nice yeah that's fine
well it's so clicked it's the look at
the checkbox yeah that's weird
it shouldn't have that nope
try again doesn't want to go away there
goes yeah yeah hey yeah you did it this
calls for a binding of issac on right
you must update to the way why am I not
updated to the latest version just play
campaign mode is there a campaign mode I
heard there wasn't gonna be any kind of
single-player in this version
come on why am i offline mother fucker
do you have the display station
connected to our network I believe it is
let's test out the network also we're
gonna have a wireless aren't we that's
fine
you have good wireless here so how's
everybody doing doing good that's good
to know successful is successful
everything's great everything's great
and successful we're connected so then
why are you having troubles um Star Wars
Battlefront
alright are you not are you not check
for update motherfucker
multiplayer on the gaming yay sign into
your account here fucking jerks let us
stick our fingers in your hair solid you
and your ass wallet full measures thank
you for just subscribing we really
appreciated Jessica Jones it's true we
really do oh sorry
sorry I was half paying attention you
were thinking subscribers it's true we
really do thank you subscribers I
thought I could take a moment while we
wait for this to update to talk about
Jessica James have you watched any more
of it you can but you've seen the first
thing I see the first episode okay well
we can talk about that III I'm three
episodes in so I'm not much further than
you yeah and I would like to give to you
my official review of Jessica Jones
three episodes in yeah
that's all I got
having only seen the first episode yeah
I think the characters more interesting
in the comics I would hope so I would
really really hope so thank you for okay
here's what this is everything revolve
around the purple man so far in the
first three episodes yes I mean there's
some there's some other side stuff
here's mine Lord Belmont says
multiplayer only gaming sucks a lot of
people want to see the old hunters we're
gonna talk about that Lord Belmont we
have issues with the old hunters and we
are gonna talk about that hold on but
first of all thank you for buying Star
Wars Battlefront in order to enhance and
protect your online experience please
take a few minutes to create a new
account or link an existing one great
we're not showing the game right great
okay great ah give me one second here
entering in passwords no big deal
we love you rich but not as much as Jay
thank you thank you for your kind of
sort of love oh so it's like a lot of
the show is fine like it I really liked
the premise
you know her dealing with this deep
psychological thing yeah but there's not
there's not enough supering on one hand
that's the comic it's not it's not a
superhero story but but like if there's
not enough supering and there's not
enough story about somebody who's messed
up because she used to be a superhero
sure but then like on the other hand
there's not enough like drama or actual
detectiving to make it just a
straight-up drama detective story
I don't think they found that balance
okay I'm connecting uh no you cannot
vote on what games we'll see maybe hell
maybe I'll do that maybe I'll give you
some options I don't know but I'm
definitely going to do Vanquish no no
question jouji says rich can we vote on
what games you play I vote for Metal
Gear Rising gotcha oh oh I've unlocked
stuff credits but oh we can turn it are
we ready to go back on alright we're
gonna bang we're coming back back to the
dark dystopian future of gaming yeah
yeah agreed pizza train like there's a
lot of Jessica Jones that I really like
including you know once you get later in
episode 2 and episode 3 her relationship
with a certain someone her her you know
wink wink relationship with a certain
someone that I that I really was
enjoying the whole twist there was great
I'm assuming for obvious reasons that
ant-man is not a major character I would
I have I'm only three episodes in but
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that
ant-man is not a regular case she dates
ant-man for a while and it's kind of
pathetic oh wow compared to who she's
dating now the bartender the bartender
yeah in the comics that is uh that is uh
Luke Cage Luke Cage yeah yeah and you
know what were you gonna go from that
come on come on you ready go from that
good on a Paul Rudd no not gonna happen
I'm one who looks at dudes okay you know
you go with new case
okay we're gonna start playing now you
have a second controller yeah can we do
two player said what are two player
action really mission is one or two
player action oh okay
well let's try and multi player first
your socks up and then we'll do a I
think okay great pizza pizza train 11
says that was my one and only complaint
in the series they could have spent one
two two more episodes just doing
detective work more detective work
that's the thing that's kind of right
that's and you know what that's the hole
that was the whole premise where it's
like you know she doesn't want to be
super no more so she's just gonna be a
detective she has done very little
detective you you don't even know
anything about the purple Manor exactly
what happened her until the last story
arc of the series oh really yeah oh cool
yeah we're pretty deep into purple man
territory sure press to join but you
know it's just one of those things where
I'm gonna keep watching hoping that it
gets better also like the little action
that they do have is almost like comical
they've done the same thing a bunch of
times where like she goes to punch
someone and then they cut to an empty
wall and a guy jumps on the empty wall
as if she punched him really hard the
way they shoot the action is really
comical not supposed to be comical i we
have to defeat the Imperials
I guess we have to do this we're gonna
do this and these are all people now
whoa okay there behind you oh I got one
yes yeah I'm super awesome okay
apparently they come out of that door so
so I got that going for me
hey BOTS huh are they BOTS give me some
credit
well they're just running out to be shot
by you that seems you think they don't
know what's going on it's still pretty
new game and kind of stick with this
strategy of come right around quarter
man shoot at me stop running around the
corner you know yeah that's that's
usually what happens but also like I'm
so confused I don't really know what's
going on so I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
blame them for not knowing what's going
on
enemy walking what I think what
basically what just happen is I got yeah
I think I just got really lucky you got
stuff I got self-starter start well it
seems like his red bar went away when he
was in the bushes which Oh gonna be
locking get out of here I don't know
what enemy locking means but it can't be
good
sure except for that guy that I just
might be is that friendly fire oh yeah
yeah little friendly fire okay okay I
got this I got this
Oh see I can see that guy no there's no
guy there
doo-doo-doo-doo are you teammates I can
also probably just hold down the trigger
I got any you know like I keep pressing
for in each individual shot yeah okay
probably if I go this way I can flank
them or that's the that's the outside of
the comments I can flank them do you
have a limited ammo I have no idea I'm
gonna assume my ammo is unlimited that's
neat
these blasters you know Tiberius Kirk
has read that hip shooting is more
accurate than scope shooting in this
game I'm just saying what I've read
you're saying that you read oh my god
you're right I just killed again
you know I auto aim oh sure
Oh partners started yeah I think you can
just join after I die again I'll get you
to be controller
listen split-screen maybe watch me not
now
finish the match fuck's sake actually we
don't do that because we need to like to
sign you in right awesome okay okay
where were we what's happening
the rebels we're the rebels chats full
of nerds
blasters need to Bona gas clips to power
them they should have limited ammo but
they won't nerds fucking nerds I mean
there should be it as some sort of ammo
system in every game even if it's just
like a cool-down system you know yeah
you know what it's fine it's fine it's
Star Wars no you're on my team you're on
my team
I don't know what I'm doing yeah it's
not at that guy's feet I can tell you
that I can tell you that much that guy's
feet I fucked him up
oh I got one
I got I got a Star Wars what I got a
Star Wars what does that mean
I killed the Star Wars they're not gonna
war anymore in my stars get out of my
stars you find someplace else to war
thank you
oh I can't that's a light jacket that's
a stormtrooper
oh they have clips okay whoa you finally
did my honor ma'am oh yeah well you know
I gotta try this whole hip shooting
thing
that Filipino welder has killed me like
a like a b x 8 d times 80 80 80 80 80 80
80 bb-8 hey guys what's is there an
objective does anyone know just kill the
guys you see the thing of the top screen
yeah the bar whoever I whoever pulls
their circle first wins
oh great you're definitely going to lose
mo the gun overheated oh good so if you
reload when the little dot hits the
yellow portion of the bar the discharge
you discharge the geekfest erisa sky
bending hey hey good job shooting that
door did you use a grenade nope I'm just
waiting for these guys to come in here
and then shooting that one back this is
working great this is my Super League
strategy
it's like Batum in here I just got a
Batum rich
No
I'm a pretty good bader they're saying
you're camping huh the saying you're
camping like you you're camping how
about then is this guy gonna try my
League strategy nope oh you're getting a
lot of kills jack sure him huh so did I
do it you lost look at it I was top
scorer that was my first time playing
the fucking game man the top scorer what
kind of world do we live in how does
that happen
rich what kind of world do we live in
that's probably the best I'm ever gonna
play that game there's nothing better
I'm done I don't want to play anymore
all right okay well hold on wait don't
turn yet unclick the game again okay
unclick the game again and we'll sign
then you can sign in to thing instead
I'm gonna use a controller so I'm gonna
play like shit oh joy
well what what you do there you go
so the new user
okay guests one great can I get my own
because I don't want to invert him can
we do that separately I assume I hope oh
you can turn the game back on them you
know what rich I assume oh yeah that's
right we I will explain that was so I
are we done with our Jessica Jones talk
I think so yeah I think so because I'm
only three episodes and I am gonna
continue watching because I hope it's
better but so that's seen its Jessica
down so here blood-borne blood-borne has
new DLC the old hunters mm-hm
I bought the DLC immediately because as
everyone knows I fuckin I love
blood-borne where you going I'm trying
to find an invert option well though
ever in the game probably is where it is
hopefully I don't let you do it
separately I doubt that's gonna happen I
can only assume what is happening here
the settings bottom right next to quit
what is the worst menu I've ever seen
it's the worst menu I've ever seen
controls
but this is for me are you on
you're on how do I go to play a new game
Oh game start press to join here we go
okay why I need to invert
well yeah but I think you have to do
that in game so it knows it's you I have
no idea if that's true rich
there is no split screen in this game
okay well okay so that's not gonna what
about partners start press triangle oh
there you go yeah that's not a big deal
okay well then you get next game and
then you can invert your oh I can't wait
you can invert your doodly dudes and do
all your ding-a-lings I can't wait an
hour fight whoa whoa
friendly fire up in here okay so
blood-borne the new hunters yeah I
bought the DLC immediately because I
love blood-borne yeah and then I
discovered very quickly that apparently
the game makes you work for the DLC like
you can't just it's not like it's not
like the Batman DLC where it's you going
to the menus and now I want to play the
DLC you have to actually like go through
the game reach a certain milestone and
then you can play the DLC a fide with
that I'm fine with that too I really
like that the only problem is I'm like
I'm nowhere near it you know and what I
I beat the game and so in one character
I'm in new game+ literally brand new
starting the game and in the other
character I'm only like three four hours
in not nowhere near close where's the
spart where's the spot where it starts
that the dlc i need to defeat vicar
amelia which is that segue that's like
the second boss you'd fight no no the
first boss is the big wool first boss
second wolf the second boss is the other
hunter do you remember the yeah that's
kind of a ball and i've already beat
yeah yeah then then the wolf yeah but
it's a long ways like i'm a few hours
away stood don't recall it being that
bed is that the oh no it's not bad and
it'll be fun replaying it because I
enjoy replaying it and I have a new
character so like I get to play kind of
a different loadout which is real fun
but I'm far I you know in in one in one
hand I am looking forward to replaying
and then playing the new DLC and so I
think that was the really smart way to
do the dlc in the other hand i just want
to play it so I'm a little upset but
more so happy
I'm a shooter they addict that looks in
there a lot apparently new weapons area
it is apparently just this guy you know
says young extra-large bag of pizza
rolls so rich can properly gorge himself
like an American on Thanksgiving during
the street question is there any reason
to get a console having a gaming PC
happy today
um no blood-borne but really really no
honest answer no no is the PC generation
yeah I mean blood-borne is great
obviously
oh somebody playing is the robot maybe
that's funny that's funny
no there's very there's very there's
very few reasons to get a console if you
were to get a console you know you just
need to find all of the games that are
on it but but really they're all on
other stuff mostly the PC and then the
PC just also get a nice PC
Joshua office ea says there is
definitely battlefront split-screen you
just have to back all the way out to the
main menu and pick the offline
multiplayer option on the left instead
of beat online mode you're in now okay
but you can't play against people right
but that's ok we'll do some missions
will carry rusher no hey fellas night
love hopefully jack is over his illness
I am thank you yeah I'm like I had to
cut out early Sunday because I was just
a big bucket of boogers and and just
losing my marbles but no I'm all better
actually Monday was worse haha Monday
was far far worse
as far as boogers are concerned I look
at that you can set up like a turret
that's pretty awesome but yeah I threw
the power of grapefruit juice and coffee
oh damn
thank you God's a boy hell I helped to
kill someone else grapefruit juice and
coffee and garlic and pure willpower I
have defeated the sickness inside of me
pure willpower there's some kind of
granades I think you need to earn them
space grenades yeah like do you see the
the two squares down there yeah that's
your that's l1 and and Owen I believe
one of them is granades but you have to
earn them or pick them up maybe here got
you you fuck
I can only assume the health regenerates
it does after a while yeah after a while
okay we're doing this we're defeating
the rebels
we're defeating the rebels I'll go out
shit Joe damn I shouldn't go now be
cautious when you're going just go can I
shut up yeah
you're helping the rebels yeah I know
there's a no that I know there's a third
person mode you can do this but I don't
see how that would be any help just
lesson well I guess you know what maybe
it's a little water so you can get a
platter for action 69 says hey guys hope
you're doing well
good question any chance you'll be
getting Just Cause 3 oh you know what
someone tweeted at us asking if they
gifted us Just Cause 3 if we would play
it and I said yes we would
so I believe someone is planning on
gifting that to us and so we will be
playing that because I hear it's a bunch
of dumb fun ok
and killed each other so the answer is
yes hopefully I mean the same people
that did the Mad Max game it just caused
people watch me not know I think they
are they did some other game you know
that in general I'm pretty bad at like
names and places people
yeah the rebels are running out of time
I should that was my bad yeah that was
my buddy he had cover he had full cover
they're gonna win they're doing it
they're doing it against the I was the
ill omen
some guy had a yellow thing over his
face yeah I don't actually know there's
a yellow guy is he who not be like a
commander maybe next to me oh this is
coming down to the fucking wire and you
pulled it off jack I mean I didn't by
standing there you pulled it off
we need more guys like you to stand
there yes I will be your cannon fodder
okay try this shit let's get out of here
and get you your thing boy looks right
multiplayer oh yeah yeah you do it do it
rich where's my lap lap tip so I can
read the committee the comments are
coming Oh nope okay I'm just hitting
buttons what button do I hit and start
the game Jack how I started the game
what am i doing
how's the game started oh okay
automatically oh I was gonna say I have
no idea how to do that when these cards
do I don't know anything I don't know
either
oh shit need more max landis in prereq
yeah you know I'm not sure if games are
his thing I need to change the I would
be in Verdun how do I get there
my settings is down there oh my god this
ugliest weirdest menu it's the worst
menu right there there you go alright
how do I start I don't know what I'm
doing at all yeah yeah you did it
game started go go back and now go back
again and now go to press to join Oh in
the worst menu ever oh yeah we are we
will do another Nintendo 64 stream and
yes we will do rogue squadron that was a
great game oh god
after TIE fighter rogue squad was just a
piece of crap but just an absolute
adhesive look rkt crap
no mr. beauty pants max landis is not a
horse's ass
hey I rather enjoyed him and did you see
the interview cut together oh yeah you
know I struggle we didn't watch it okay
it's really great he has some really
interesting things to say and I
recommend everyone watch that be
conversation with max landis
because he has some really interesting
things to say he talks a lot but I think
he has some stuff to say so
oh it's that Filipino welder again he's
got you he's got you
no we're not planning on doing the
review of fallout 4 because we just
don't care about fallout at all I'm
sorry I'm sorry if you do I'm glad I can
join for you it's not it's not for me
it might be for rich I think actually
rich would really like the Fallout
series but he's never played anything so
we just decided to social jockey we have
a next game in mind I don't think we're
gonna we're talking about it yet I mean
rich and I are talking about obviously
get some cover man get some cover yeah
yeah yeah I did do my best to contribute
getting them beer I'm glad I'm glad my
my beer angel made it into the episode
mostly it was just my whining and going
egg give me beer
give me beer and you know I had to shut
them up so they could continue at the
interview fuck
you can do it rich no I can't yeah I'm
playing with a controller I can't do
anything no I don't think we're gonna
play blood-borne today I think I'm too
far away from the DLC to be any good and
like ironically I'm at I'm at old yarman
which is exactly the point where we
streamed last time last time we streamed
blood-borne was Aldi Arman and yes
I like oh yeah no I actually before I
knew that max was a screenwriter I only
knew him as a youtuber I only saw his
the the death and return of Superman and
wrestling he's in wrestling and I was
like oh this guy's great he makes great
web videos and then I found out later
that he was a screen rounded but he's a
death and return of Superman and
wrestling isn't wrestling her fantastic
videos
also you might want to give the third
person
way you did it you got the advantage you
don't need to do old dearmond
but I thought it maybe I need to go back
and double-check where I am I didn't
think I could get to vicar Amelia yet
until I've defeated all the army I'll
double-check it doesn't matter I'm gonna
play it cuz I like it
you got a thermal imploder so if you
press l1 and r1 in the same at the same
time you get a thermal employer I don't
know what that means just do it now you
might have I don't know
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do fuck you
filipino welder steam sale
there is there's a mate there's a huge
steam cell whoa did you see him what
fuck he was all like jumping Magoo how
come I die in one hit
cuz he's because he's leaked man I'll
kill him
was that a guy never mind don't kill him
because that wasn't a guy
oh my god that really was one end you
might have had a shotgun or something a
laser gun
a laser shotgun
listen if if this game gets too tedious
I have blood-borne with me and we will
be playing it and apparently I still
need to beat vicar Amelia if I don't
need to go through old yarman running
away just stay behind cover there you go
that was an excellent fake will hem
spoon back
but I suck at this game Jag's a lot
better at this than I am
well hey I can't stand basically this I
fucking can't stand shooters with this
that's the thing I'm used to controllers
this is the reason I'll never play Halo
specifically the PlayStation controller
that'll give him something to think
about nice oh you got you beat him but
think up here yeah it's alright it's
alright rich you're doing great
no I don't think the touchpad part of
the PlayStation 4 controller does do
anything that would be interesting how
bad do you think I am on the RAM
definitely the bank oh no not the bottom
but I'm certainly not any good you're
not the worst
you got more kills you got four kills
that's something 11 deaths that's
alright
what Jack was Jack was the top scorer on
the team his first match and then I
stopped playing because that was the
highlight of my gala fun career I don't
need to play anymore
that was it I've already have already
reached the epitome of all Lord Belmont
says are you going to get Rainbow six
siege are you and are you going to
review Just Cause 3 that series also
Jack rich and Jay need to play the 7th
guest together also until dawn for ps4
all those things Lord Belmont so
starting off we're probably not gonna
get rainbow 6 siege
just cuz we're right and we're not going
to it we will play Just Cause 3 we
probably won't do it for a phone review
but we will play it because it looks
like a lot of fun
people I don't know have a lot of fun
with it Just Cause games mm-hmm 7th
guests it's on our list of things to get
to and until dawn I mean just probably
not because rich and I aren't big on
survival horror and if until dawn is a
survival horror game is just gonna be
well yeah I think it is that's the thing
you need to know about recognize if it's
a survival horror game the likelihood of
us shitting all over it is very high
look how good that looks
fuck's sake look at those rocks
that looks great the rock physics that's
mad sweet rock physics zag rod do you
guys ever plan on having gamedev guests
Simona how Mike and Jay had Langevin
skiing max landis as guests if if anyone
wants to come sure so I think we have
cloud No yeah we do
I want robert deniro on the show and I
want him tomorrow you know we don't have
clout or a budget get me Greta Garbo's
she still around Greta Garbo but of
course the answer is of course if there
was if there was someone who we wanted
to talk to and we could get on the show
Oh killed till the Johnson that other
guy already did that dickhead I love it
I await the return of the board game
we're bad guys having yeah so your map
there's like a little red areas like so
right in front of you okay do you see
that oh no and now they're closer in
front of you it's here left
you went right why'd you sorry
Jesus Christ
it's tough because you know your your so
you're trained to shoot at stormtroopers
I think you need to go down there and
hit that blue Oh for fuck's sake
Filipino welder it'll be no welder can I
not play against him anymore
is that an option just ban him yeah
with a controller rich move so awkwardly
yeah yes because he's not a controller
person and we know that about rich we
should not be surprised by this
basically doll no well they might be new
we're there get him get him get him get
him get him get him get him get him get
him get him get all he doesn't even see
you you fucking murdered him you're oh
nice rich you did it no you like half
did it
that's pretty good yeah Edmund might be
down we have a you know we have a
burgeoning relationship we sometimes
speak to each other on Twitter I'm not
ready to like pull the whole you wanna
you want to hang out IRL thing yet but
uh we'll see you know you know that like
rich and I are still figuring out like
how we do to show right like every jump
I like that jump to Elvin Fox says I
apologize for not having a witty
username that's okay Alvin we appreciate
the tip thank you thank you thank you
thank you
okay.come accent if you want to send a
message to our twitch account for review
later sometimes it goes to spam but I
will make sure I check it tonight so you
can talk that's a good way we could do a
Skype interview that's a good idea when
are you gonna do more for players dreams
when more people are available to stream
with us sometimes sometimes it's just me
enrich and that's what you get sometimes
you know not much we can do not much we
can do mr. beauty pants no it is not
possible to turn down the donation
notification just a tad that's part of
the charm when's the next tf2 solo
stream actually for for testing out the
steam controller I I got back into
playing a lot of tf2 and it was it was
like it was like putting on worn-out
glove that still feels great but you
know is damaged beyond repair like I
loved playing tf2 but I could see all
the reasons why I stopped playing you
know it's my favorite game gobbledygook
says Battlefront meat turkey day stream
gobble someday you too should try DC
Universe Online it's for ps4 and it's
free Fox gobbledygook I don't know man I
don't know that's gonna happen I'm gonna
put that out there I'll be honest with
you it's it's I put it on our official
list of games to play oh I don't know
I just don't know if is gonna happen we
appreciate the tip down
reasons to stop playing tf2 the look
it's it just got too far away from the
game with the the man versus machine
update with the so there was another
update that added another game mode that
I didn't feel like playing the conga the
conga England was the last straw where
the game turned into how big of a conga
line you can make instead of playing the
objective it just got it got too far
away from the game where I want it so
it's still good though you can still
find a match every once in a while where
people are playing the objective and
having a good time
genetics hat meta yeah like exactly the
the Hat meta got just out of control how
did the Hat metal work out what was the
deal
what was the deal oh it's you know like
instead of people like playing the game
they just got upsets obsessed with
trading hats with one another what am i
power oh I still have that I bet you use
that when you die you have the pick up
another one loader rich maybe you should
employ I don't know nothing about no
multiplayer online games controller
bullshit yeah
what's up I suck okay see us you know I
hear great things about csgo I know they
they do a lot with like the whole meta
but they're doing it right I know people
are really pissed about their new escrow
they're starting up an escrow system for
trading that according to hardcore csgo
players is really gonna fuck things up I
know nothing about it though so this is
on the PC we're playing it on the ps4
right now but I do believe it's on the
PC and on the Xbox one or it might not
be I you watch me I don't know watch me
not know but I believe I saw somewhere
that it's on the PC and Xbox one and ps4
because EA likes money so they're not
gonna turn down though money hey you got
10 kills with blaster rifle what does
that mean congratulations
congratulations that's great
all right that's right every and we have
to thank you
banes field death was nearly even nice
thank you that makes a really good point
rich what which is we have to make sure
we constantly talk during this because
this game is filled with copy written
music and if at any point you can hear
the music over us talking we're gonna
get a can you a copyright claim just
turn the music off we are yeah it
doesn't matter if it happens it happens
Kerry lass who says rich Evans
