Episode 280
Star Wars Battleyawn (Part 3)
December 26 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_iIiVGgC30
___________________________________________

yeah I just dealt the most damage to the
transport ship Jack earned that
highlight I did earn that this is fun I
like being a ship it's only fast in the
capital run because of an effective
never come
your Bible
what's this what is this I wanted
oh well I didn't need that well
hopefully I stop someone else from
getting a teammate who's badly damaged
sure peace out mother fucka Oh or I left
wait I do get lost very easily
well I took out a AI so that yeah
whatever I'm getting back in it though I
do think before we stop this a lot of
people want to see churros vs. villains
sure sure I want to fly more fucking
chips yep I'm gonna fuck about no
controller FPS you locked on how do you
know when you're locked on did I get him
maybe I don't care
my god you are so bad oh oh
trying to anyway considering a windows
they're fast
nope the follow rules
there's one I don't remember you really
and I'm not have been too busy flying a
ship yeah from anonymous
hey y'all but hey y'all been watching
the stream a bit want to explain the
season pass it's really just 54 four new
maps because let's be honest they're
just cut into pieces for smaller maps
and new weapons alien
it's being cynical about the season pass
all right sure he's saying the the what
might be 12 maps promised he says is
really kind of just for because they're
gonna be at the same style Oh for more
Hoff's or something for Bespin sure yes
a wing fast but we keep yeah me me
that's what they said
Oh slave one I think just makes me feel
good to kill bond I know it doesn't do
anything
yep just trying to get my mojo back here
here does it literally do nothing well I
think it I think it helps your your uh
your overalls team score oh my god the
Falcon just got him that's kind of
Awesome much for what
homing missiles I thought they said
watch for holy missiles and like I was
like who Star Wars is getting weird
first DLC is from Episode seven I'm sure
it really should have been in this main
game cynical fuckwads didn't last long
you know I've just no no I didn't we
seem to be dominating though so I'm not
terribly worried
just you know we're gonna win feels like
I was hoping I could kill him before
like a disgraced cop guy nope okay the
episode 7 DLC is free sounds good
oh that's fun hey a spoiler prevention
so how long ago is a long time ago in a
galaxy far far away hundreds of
thousands of years thousands this was
something I was thinking about what Star
Wars in general right yep
is if you think about it like this
Anakin Skywalker was part of was part of
the Jedi's right even if we're like
let's just look at the first three
movies and what we know about the force
awakens right yeah Anakin Skywalker was
part of a group of Jedi's that has kind
of been forgotten what a new hope starts
yeah and in the force awakens people are
unsure like whether or not people are
unsure whether Jedi's were even a real
thing that's when we already had already
so a long long time so so my big problem
with it is people seem to either be
really forgetful in the Star Wars
universe or maybe these people live a
lot longer than we're used to but don't
you think it's weird that like an entire
like group of Jedi's is all but
forgotten yeah that's always been weird
it was weird without the prequels
because I mean they're forgot about
invaders time right and in a new hope
and you know Luke's only 17 so like they
forgot about people in 70 hours that's
really weird right but then I got to
thinking about it and you know like we
the same with the for the force awakens
is like Jedi's are just a myth right but
if you think about it if if we take away
the modern communication that we know
like let's you know in in a galaxy far
away they don't have the Internet
they don't have easy access to all the
information that we have right so the
Jedi's would
being me you know that could be rebel
propaganda that could be Imperial or
wise they don't they've never seen a
Jedi before oh sorry
that's right you can fix it take a death
and fix it
I need inversion on this like plans so
like if we take the prequels out of it
the force awakens still make sense
because there was literally three Jedi's
and you know only they were only used in
like certain battles not everybody knew
about him that could be fallen away to
the wing but like still people
forgetting about like Vader's time it
seems really weird to me oh my god
indeed Thank You Mady wheels thank you
for that tip we appreciate it
but only a human being I could shoot out
here somewhere right
you would assume but so the main
question is how long is a long time ago
and how far away is the galaxy far far
away
is that the main it was that the big
question all about it in my need to
shoot things okay I get you know I guess
it just doesn't matter
a facility for Empire officer bad
moments okay that's true I had never
actually thought about that is in
Episode four like the officers on the
Death Star are like talking shit about
the force yeah but the emperor is like
the Pope of the force he might keep that
quiet I don't think he'd publicizes that
he was always just Senator Palpatine oh
sure but I mean you know this is just in
regular movies madam please give me a
human being to shoot at where are all
the humans
yeah damn rich why shoot something at
this point
a long time ago is somewhere between 4
and 11 years I'm tired of answering this
fucking question George Lucas said
yesterday man whatever you know what a
bitter billionaire oh he's got his one
cyclop√¶dia brawn in the case of the
better billionaire he's got his one
thing and he's gonna stick to that one
thing rich get him got him oh it was a
dickhead disgraced cop
oh that's two in a row rich yeah when I
gotta find them I'm pretty good
what encyclopedia brown or frontier rich
is made of quite a few encyclopedia
brown references I want to say you have
didn't that lead to a Nancy Drew
discussion on Sunday no no it's also
quite possible I don't know what I'm
talking about
Oh shucks a missile nope
that's a good dogfight that right there
by the way is what makes multiplayer
gaming worth it from getting that guy
cute well you know like that was real
tension like you have you have human
components is what make like that one
moment made up for a couple bad games
like a real fight a real challenge the
pretty shirt was Jake who is talking
about the Nancy Drew's the Nancy's in
the Bruce oh yeah
oh damn inversion troubles yeah now
change it take a death and change it
what was in that rebel transport ship
the polio vaccine it will be a slow
victory as they die that's the Amber's
as I love flying a spaceship Jack yeah I
mean you should love flying through
space you find spaceships is cool stick
this in your Kissel maybe Vader just
used the force to make everyone forget
about Jedi's that's so stupid
that is so stupid I can't even conceive
of how stupid that is I'm sorry I only
got two skills I guess it's probably why
could that find anybody give it another
shot and then you know fix your
inversion you know you know I I guess I
always thought without putting too much
thought of it into it into like in
watching the new hope a new hope into
watching the Star Wars the Star Wars I
always assumed that Jedi's could live
longer
no no no it's a story convenience they
forgot so they could do myth mythical
mysteries well sure sure but it's like
if you just look at that's less weird
than Darth Vader paying a hundred and
ninety seven years old but that makes
sense though I'm saying no doesn't
because then Luke would be a hundred and
ninety seven years old but at this point
we didn't know that he was his father
like I'm saying just look it up so forth
right okay just looking at Episode four
oh and from the lung forgotten Jedi shit
and bullshit right like oh okay you're
like a super old man and your hair
powers give you extra life or what
whatever just whatever or doesn't matter
about space dragons wait dragons there's
the space dragons I like that
mister noosphere if in doubt the force
did it as is the force the force did it
the force all time yes Yoda is like 800
years old that's true so hey you know
the Oda's got it
Yodas got it going on the old the Jedi
old age but that's maybe that's just you
as race of people
and wasn't eyeshadow just right under
I've got that yeah I don't think there
are any space dragons and Star Wars the
Kratt dragon with the skeleton thing I'm
tackling
there's a skeleton dragon it's a thing
that I see through be an r2d2 walk fast
fast oh yeah okay that's good well
that's not a space but there's a space
world is it you know we had that going
for us
shit moon front enjoy the old hunters
there's some cool new Lovecraft stuff in
it but be warned it personally feels
much more difficult than the main game
well they even I'm looking forward to it
I just in in playing the little bit of
blood-borne that I have been just to get
to what I wear I thought I needed to get
to to get to the DLC I I forgot how much
I loved it
mm-hmm I can love blood-borne it's so
good it's so fucking good like I'm a
little peeved that I like I'm closer in
my second playthrough and the sword like
I'm not all the way leveled up I don't
have the weapons that I like and I could
in new game+ make my way to vicar Amelia
which I might just because I like my
weapons better but uh we'll see that can
I can't get that cane to feel good tells
you what
did it kicking ass hurt kicking ass
I have if anyone remembers my my granny
GILF character that's the character that
I'm using now I've been using the axe a
lot with her and I really like the axe
I'm strong brand of guilt oh well that's
that's my second playthrough that's when
I have like four or five hours in unlike
my main the main guy Gork the main
characters door actually quarks led to
that one like 78 hours
you Jack ever get used to the Campbells
this is my fucking love the combo system
I don't know he talked about I'm the one
that brought it up in the review that
counts is amazing yep like the sequels
had a fictional movie within it
something like that I don't know shadow
Lee you're you're you're thinking about
it too hard shadow alien says I got a
perfect one what about the Star Wars
prequels were nothing more than a movie
within a movie that never happened like
the sequels had a fictional movie within
it something like that you're thinking
way too hard I can only imagine that the
force awakens is gonna get it correct we
just we just need a movie with some
space wizards and lasers and span and
spaceships spaceships lasers wizards
does it the rest is going to be a super
simple story and that's all we need
super simple story with Wizards lasers
spacious
isn't granny guilt redundant well no
granny is her first name in GILF is her
last names or surname it would be
redundant if he were taking you know
guilt
oh my god rich you are my Myrtle aiding
look at that
whoo that's the shit and I'm six
Oh only four kills and all that that's
just bullshit I felt like I did way
better than that oh it's much more
enjoyable than the FPS stuff yeah yes
just want to try the shoes versus
villain things sure sure I'll do it
things things I'll do it cuz I'm
okay are you familiar with the jar jar
binks is actually the most powerful Sith
Lord in the galaxy theory I am and I'm
completely ignoring it because it's just
a dumb idea that they're not going to
use because they know everybody hates
Jar Jar Binks we're not we we the new
Star Wars things is let's not talk about
the prequels yeah and I think we should
all be fine with that unless it's in the
games I remember doing some of the like
the prequel battles in the earlier
battlefront games and those were a lot
of fun you know those those weird-ass
droids those are cool
okay heroes versus round based combat
with mixed teams of heroes and infantry
okay heroes and villains yes of course
people are actually serious about it on
the internet that's why there are people
on the internet you know who's not
serious about it anyone involved with
Star Wars so it just doesn't matter
make someone make a comic book of it and
sell it online and it'll be really
popular since the heroes vs. villains
mode
this is heroes vs. villains I'm gonna
switch my controller to invert look you
want to switch flight to where you're at
so future reference
I never changed my blaster I don't like
that blaster oh we can get a new blaster
cool what the fuck is that
I some Star Wars shit look at that star
that looks pretty cool high rate of fire
high cooling power low damage alright
this is kind of a basic I kind of like
the standard rebel yeah we'll give it a
try
equipped why not you know what why not
let's go let's rock this do it
Rockapella skinny Bop do not do yeah
yeah way that's handsome that's not
rockefeller
we're so Luke Skywalker what well that
was a great round
those are there's a great round wide
we'll play as han Solo the next round so
what does he do
you know what he does I don't get to
play in first-person shooter mode I have
no idea what he does
I don't know boom
so that's really awesome apparently has
to deal someone's getting forced choke I
got to get out of here I got to get out
of here I'm out of here
someone's late savouring me papa Dean 15
well that hardly seems fair
fucking Palpatine
he's down he's down after all okay where
my god everybody seems to be over in
this area
they're all gone Leia Luke oh well
hey Luke a wicker Steve why I get to be
Luke's gala here I've got a lead see
beer let's do this all right we're gonna
work doing this looks like a derp or you
just hold that running yeah a little
dirt
no I seem to be running away from the
battles well it's not that's your goal
is to survive that's probably not the
worst thing to do well I'm trying to get
around so I can flank a motherfucker you
get a flank with a lightsaber that's the
best kind of fling it's like a like a
flank sandwich oh yeah yeah yeah but you
flank with that melee weapon Jack you
got it on I don't think I'm doing a good
job
oh shit your pop-up team running away
father did I do it yeah you did it now
you're gonna get shaved that's okay
holy fuck jack holy fuck jack I'm sorry
did I just flank two motherfuckers with
a lightsaber yeah yeah I think I did I
think I did now I'm running away again
because that's what Luke does okay okay
all right shit I did that's what that
was what I did I did Christian let's go
that's right my block what did you just
do right home offense around here
somewhere mom he's counting on you I'm
hearing to not die I'm healing he was
sitting here waiting to heal how long
does it take to heal
maybe's euros don't owe that could be
time to charge them well I gotta do
something man
you're on my team did we win what I took
out what the fuck was the rest of my
team doing huh huh team not on it team
that's what you were doing being way up
not on it god damn it
look and it and yeah alright son of a
bitch
stupid goddamn team aggressive wrecking
met something where we going that chat
saying you need to be losing on well I
rocked pretty hard as Luke this is the
first time that without a mod you've
gotten play as Luke Skywalker in a 3d
game chat is that true is this that I
said the case this is the first time in
a 3d game we've gotten to run around as
Luke Skywalker I've been that one
fighting game masters or something
Cassini what every force korat masteries
of course karate masters are forced to
ride they made a game that was like
masters of force karate right woodchips
has sent us in a riddle okay two girls
were born to the same mother on the same
day at the same time in the same month
in Europe and yet they're not twins
how can this be two girls were born to
the same
they give me from the literary can be
like an animal a dog or a cat or
something sure almost at Boba Fett
Oh Oh bump it
we won Bowl event two girls were born to
the same mother in the same day at the
same time in the same month and year yet
they're not twins somebody's saying the
TWiT triplets which is the riddle that's
such a fucking cop out all right team
guess what it's Skywalker time triplets
are twins all right
no the triplets yeah Luke's going around
Jack's got a flank right in the middle
of the enemy forces yep and fuck their
shit right up see this guy over here
fucked up black horse yeah guess what
that is that's a fucked up dude right
there where is everybody now over here
who's getting fucked up next I'm Luke
fucking Skywalker I'm the last Jedi
motherfucker was this the drunken Jedi
Master
fuck you pal P I'm out this is something
this is just something else fuck these
oh you're fucking lucky you're fucking
lucky storm trooper fuck your shit and
happy it's fun I think it's fun
they say you're the best Luke like yeah
you know cuz I know how to do shit Leia
you and me Leia you and me and then
later you know a little hello yeah I got
your back and later you get my back you
know I'm saying I'll get you I'll get
your back and then I'll get then later
I'll get your back to you know feel me
feel me I'll feel you it's Mike who does
Palpatine what you aim this guy and not
hit the shield this gun actually uh no I
see you Vader oh damn throw a grenade
Adam killed by myself so you know
there's that cut damn it I could I could
sense I could sense that I changed my
opinion you can flank and melee No yeah
cuz you just got flanked yeah
you know what clever girl
clever girl
come on
how about the any other bad guys I know
they're gonna be over there or I just
aimed it to our feet yeah I think
whatever where these bad guys these bad
guy fucks
come on r2 let's go
I get this time thermal imploder good
gonna fuck some shit up
fuck you just two flankers how about
this I don't like this gun that I have I
will let you know that okay I can't
change it great all right now we're
ready they were trying to have a fight
so who yet we got LAN Luke
oh no we only have Leia left Leia I'm
coming for you
I'm coming for you and then later I'll
be coming with you no I'm saying you get
me Leia this is how I'm put oh fuck I
see bubble fit
I see Boba Fett I see Boba Fett I see
Boba Fett he's right here
hang back
draw oh we ran out of time how do I
shave my head with a razor with a razor
razor blonde it razor blonde who I get
to be Leia I'm a pretty pretty princess
and the princess power go wow she's got
shield she's got the other fucking shit
who gives a fuck she's laying pew pew
pew pew pew pew pew pew pew I am
Princess Leia huh I think I just used
the forest power well she could in
theory thanks on she be just as capable
as Luke I think I just did a force thing
your Pappy come here puppy come here
puppy
yes see be running away what are you
doing you guys he's probably leading us
into a trap just pointing this out
you've got shield powers
that's silly to see Palpatine when I'm
around you know yes yes it is but who
else would it be
shit yeah that's the fat
huh I can't it's not returned yet
Wow should be using my shield you're on
my team
come on oh there is there fell pea fuck
tree where'd you where'd you go where'd
you go and good work check shoot I
wanted to make sure I had a shot first
boom
rich if I just start shooting and I
don't have a shot he was so low on
health
yeah but if I just start shooting he's
gonna see me start shooting back or I
wait till I got my shot than a fucking
murder him
because I'm a pretty pretty princess and
I murder people
alright alright han you and me Han
damn you chewy han I'm the Chewie
shit friendly fire sorry sorry
are you nope not even a litel bite I
watch out for the flank I'm gonna go
over here because I know if flanks are
coming put my cannon in the kid the
cannon in the canyon oh you got me I
think Boba Fett got me I had POW pee in
my sights
but boba boba that fuck Bubba fuck more
like it you know saying get it like Boba
Fett but fuck you get it this is
important to me that you get it I get it
great if that'll shut you up the deck
but I can't argue with the results these
are sexy results right here but that's
right pissed-off mofo I am a pretty
princess and I murder people
that's what Leia is that's why Leia is
the best Disney Princess how what's
what's every other princesses killcount
nothing Mulan Mulan's got some kills
under a belt right the the Voltron
princess I'm not there actually kills I
don't know if they killed people on the
show way is that Disney no I said how
many other Disney princes have kills
under their belt you got Mulan I mean
technically technically speaking at some
point wouldn't be Evil Queen and Snow
White a better princess at some point
yeah but she's not considered a Disney
Princess she's the Evil Queen and really
how many people did the Evil Queen even
kill it's true people sleep oh no she
turned people to stone or some shit
here's some bullshit she did something
right Xena Warrior Princess I don't
think Xena Warrior Princess is a Disney
Princess either Elsa Elsa killed so many
people with her fucking snowstorm you
know like everybody in the castle
survived but I bet a hundreds of people
in the surrounding area of Dusseldorf oh
my god Lando has taken would like to
tell us if old Leia doesn't force throw
someone across the room in the force
awakens I'll be pretty disappointed you
know she's got to do something right
she's got to do something
let's see here Leia is a Disney princess
now she is retro actively a Disney
princess that's the fun part about
Disney bonding clutter and any Disney
princess merchandise that's a big
question I mean Laurie you get the
sniper rifle how do you change weapons
no I don't have the sniper rifle would
go to blasters or not I guess I only got
one shot off before I died what's the
problem
hello I'm looking up at Leah's of Disney
Princess
Sara Starr says what about princess
Amidala she killed her franchise Hey Oh
No but I got the final shot on Han Solo
apparently not disappointing him oh no
I'm gonna be Darth Vader oh yeah they
said they had Leia princess doll at the
d23 Expo Disney Store booth there is
this Disney Princess Leia merchandise it
is official it's great she's a princess
and she's in Disney yeah oh you get to
be Vader so you can choke out some
bitches you can lightsaber you can throw
your lightsaber whoa killing go murder
run at him and murder him
that's how you do it that's how you do
it run run run murder murder murder
it's all about running and murdering
rich running and murdering kill your son
rich kill your son I'm no good at this
game
Princess Leia got you she has daddy
issues
all villains were defeated is
what's-her-face from Sleeping Beauty
even a princess Princess Aurora
that's Sleeping Beauty yes so it's
answer your question yes Princess Aurora
is a princess oh wait no there's that
yeah that's and it's quite possible you
know like after after they got like
married to the prince and became queen
like they started a war or something
like a war with who like you know like
Princess Aurora
right she mean she would bye-bye my
prince whoa fuck I didn't know you could
do that I kind of had a murder so you
know Prince Charming comes wakes our up
out of her beauty sleep and they get
married and live happily ever after as
Queen and King right yeah but then like
a neighboring nation that starts some
shit up and as the Queen she has to send
troops out to kill so it's quite
possible that Princess Aurora later in
life murdered a bunch of people but I'm
talking about on-screen deaths and
that's where Princess Leia has it
oh no she's in the bubble get in the
bubble can you get in oh my god I'm not
cut out for this that's okay this game
is a little brainless Oh
oh he gets me Boba Fett I thought you
guys to be pappy oh you get a jet pack
flamethrower
a Bobo flak cannon yeah it's nice
hopefully there's not fall damage no you
gotta
well
that's okay tactical retreat that's a
tactical retreat Oh fuck's sake oh yeah
rich is not killing it have one think
we're outnumbered though horribly yeah
what are the team sizes nope nope nope
oh and they're saying no fall damage if
you jet back so that's good use the tiny
rope only you had that stopped Luke you
astray that'd be great
I've blamed everything on the controller
well I'm sure good stand that's fine I'm
used to controlling the controller I
can't stand it
that's all right reg it's more than that
being used once actively hate it we look
at that look at that that's fun have you
unlocked a little Fiat in what what are
you talking about something what are you
talking about after birth I have barely
played after birth I'm waiting I'm
waiting for the Boveda release just
because that's where I have all of my
Isaac time and it has not yet come out
for ps4 and Vita the afterbirth update
and it's unsure whether or not it will I
know they're having some trouble over at
night patrols porting you can do it rich
I believe in you and what I went around
huh
yeah I heard I heard that a video
release will likely not happen they're
having some difficulties with it both
Vita and Wii U release are looking
sketchy for after birth because they are
there you know underpowered systems
unfortunately but if it doesn't I'll get
around to it I haven't I I have
afterbirth on PC but I just haven't had
much play time so the little play time I
do have a path to birth is great the
room sizes are great the new Monster
design is amazing it's it's so I I'm so
happy for this kind of DLC or it's like
I have so many hours into Isaac and
here's like some new monsters some new
ways to play some new power-ups it makes
the game feel fresh again which is very
which is welcome oh you get to be a ok
so she's got a shield but it's not like
a shield for her it's one of those drops
shield things and then I don't know what
her other things do I think it makes her
gun stronger I think the heal feels the
shield heals oh that could be and then I
think like that's them that's the shield
whoopsie dupes
get down
he's downright you can do Leia can heal
with our one
dad got steel apparently oh great can
you heal other people
for Alderaan really that's awesome oh oh
you got him great for Alderaan that is
so what Leia would say yeah Hamsterdam
it's usually we only we only say stuff
out loud if it's two dollars or more
donation but Hamsterdam this has now
donated a couple times now and wants to
know if we can unbanned him Hamsterdam
Asst made a bad joke and didn't even get
a time out didn't realize the moms would
take it so seriously I won't do it again
I hope this money for pizza rolls makes
up for it Hamsterdam Asst mods whoever
Bandcamp stir Danis if you banned them
today if you can remember why keep
here's to be sorry sorry enough to give
us money so you know oh oh here oh he'll
pick up did you heal yeah great
so you know if depending on how bad the
joke was it was a racist joke oh yeah
you know after how about this after this
stream unbanned him Hamsterdam is you
can no longer talk during this stream
but after this dream unbanned him and
then if you make another bad joke on
your band again and we'll remember you
Leia versus poppy
the mods are doing the job we tell the
mods to keep it cool because we like to
keep it cool oh you did even see
princess shit
the Jaquish trick affair ayat well I am
I am definitely more fair to people who
give us money
you know I'm fair but I also believe in
capitalism the money has a big power but
uh he didn't trade money he did not
trade money for unbanning he used money
to get to gain an audience that's very
different
Hamsterdam is he did not give us money
for an unbanning but in giving us money
he he gained an audience Hey I'll accept
money for an unbanning
that's against watches watch the number
of bannings go up no that would be
illegal I'm sure that would be but you
know I'm like an old-timey Pope I
forgive you how much yeah we forgive you
oh yeah yeah you have to do like 20
prayers though okay but like really do
them $5 paywall or you're all banned
right
I have nothing to do with this my hands
are clean
right what if I give you money to keep
him banned Oh a bidding war
how much look she can't hear you no I
didn't see the joke obviously you know
why I didn't see the joke because our
mods do a really good job cleaning on
stuff yeah our mods do a great job
cleaning that stuff up so we don't see
shit like that and we keep up high
spirits and hopefully keep everyone else
entertained thus the importance of moms
Thank You moms
well I'm Leia again yay hey you did
pretty good as Leia though I know I like
your healing powers I think healing is
really important in games like this so
so I didn't see the joke I've already
made my rash and hasty decision that he
will continue to be banned for the rest
of this
did you get him someone got ya a snappy
got nothing you got to watch out for
that flanking Bobo fat fat
Bobo flank you know what I'm saying
getting your shield here we have to work
as a team Luke grab the heel Luke I
dropped your goddamn yield for a reason
you might not know what it is oh did you
see Boba Fett he's up on those terms
he's up on those bulletproof tarps did
those automatically hit
nice
yes nice apparently I'm a fantastic way
out the tarps are made of Durasteel what
is this Durasteel is this from Star Wars
just our war or something
it's a Star Wars not a crap who's the
Heilig right this is where something
like like you know talking to your
teammates would healthy getting his
hands dirty
nice thanks rich thank you Oh
not fast enough Leia do you think like
Palpatine ever does that like you know
sits up in his starter string just like
I want to kill someone
oh yeah probably all the time I would
love to get into that is people can hey
later do you think it would be cool if I
came down with you like I am this you
know I'm you know I'll stay out of your
way I just want to marry some people
we gotta find the FET yeah that's weird
Joe's guy
there's no costume changes based on the
maps
Leia's in Herr hauff costume Star Wars
game pay money for it because it's got
stores on the Louisville I'm just saying
that would have been you know what that
would have been it's not necessary it
would have been a nice touch you know
that would have been a nice touch Leia
wears like a desert outfit when she's in
the desert not necess
not saying that you know oh yeah babby
yep
shit shit run em are we ever gonna get a
Star Wars Jedi Outcast rim rich did you
ever play it or Jedi Academy I've
screamed before briefly oh yeah yeah no
well there you go
like I'll cast it well there you go
well should we lay all the time Leigh is
great healing rich in a game with no
health packs Healing is very important
of course this sounds like sours this is
great like everything sounds perfect
yeah they have access to the library and
everything exactly then it looks great
The Cure they can make all the sounds
the characters look a little bit like
everyone looks kind of like a chubby 14
year old kid which maybe that's just
them going for their audience but don't
you think like everyone has like a
cherub II look about them mad strats
rich oh you did a lot of damage on look
at that
yep nothing you can do
I don't know about feel with when pal P
is running around like a madman yeah
terrible I think is the work well that
what they're saying is like does it
capture the feel of Star Wars no I could
always I could only assume this is how
I'm making a comeback here's here's my
here's my prediction is this is how the
new Star Wars will feel a little more
action II a little more hyper hyped up
now the pressures on yeah now you're on
now you're Luke alright so your strategy
is to run around like a madman well that
was my strategy that doesn't have to be
your strategy I tried to flank and then
slash people as if I was a crazy person
that was my strategy your strategy can
be should be completely different you
say that it's wrong
yes no no no was that your orbital
strike that killed you might have been
well I didn't set the orbital strike
down so that's not on me oh no I meant
like was that your team's oh excuse me
miss it's you know it's it's actually
tough when the stormtroopers aren't
wearing their helmets I often don't
realize that their stormtroopers or is
that Fett hiding because he can be
anywhere if he was smart he'd be using
the height yep
what happened rich got blowed up by an
orbital strike yeah ruin my Luke mojo a
nice duel with Vader going on how'd they
have hard to have fun hard to have fun
ah yeah he's up on top yeah of course he
is
well can you get to about them I mean
there's maybe or do you just have to
wait a moment as long as you can stay up
there forever of course well then just
protect land it's a drop oh you fucked
up he came down
runway alone
I'm a rebel soldier twice in a row you
can't be the hero every time right
that's bullshit everybody Hackel take
1/3 being a hero I didn't get the clear
sound so little once well maybe maybe
the maybe the bad guys will win oh maybe
I'll sabotage my other team so I can
play as Han Solo of her around that'd be
terrible or even have a better showing
as Luke would be nice
sure now you wailed on Vader pretty well
ooh and you have a super bazooka by the
way I'm gonna save that for a super
villain
you can do this rich Boba Fett's already
down Vader and PAL pee
what he did a kungfu flip over your
rocket yep I know he did that sighs I
was watching it that might have been a
little out of character for Emperor
Palpatine some some some game developers
been watching the Preakness
all right late did it Leia did it
no Clone Wars content in this game I did
they say there was some there are some
Clone Wars stuff in the DLC extra reason
not to have any of the DLC no I really
like the Clone Wars stuff in the old
battlefront games I don't care it's fun
it means nothing to me nostalgia wise it
has no value no no but it was fun game
like yeah nostalgia wise didn't do
anything but it was fun like a game is
fun game
mmm fine super fun game time rich what's
the plan Jack I don't know what you want
to do I don't know great you want say
the rocket League mutaters or you know
of the answer to that is of course I
want to play fucking rocket League but
but can I bring myself to play rocket
League because we play rocket League all
I goddamn time
oh who gives a fuck I played this for
three hours we could play rocket League
mutaters there's streamers you just play
one game over and over again and I know
there's a Yoshi's Island speed runner
who only streams him playing Yoshi's
Island doing the same shit every time
that's the fastest way to do it okay
let's play mutaters then what's that
let's go play some new data and for
everybody showing up late I'm planning
and I'm not gonna call it a marathon I
don't know that I'm gonna go 24 hours
but I'm planning an all-day stream
tomorrow a crazy man's dream I my
Thanksgiving plans are to play various
video games while watching movies and
I'll tell you when I start watching the
movie so if you have your own copy of
the movie you can watch along I'm just
gonna fuck around all day playing Bank
Wish baby skulls of the Shogun I might
go some old-school with some thief what
are we fucking in the mood for yep
yes tomorrow Thanksgiving is tomorrow's
will be happening tomorrow yeah
Thanksgiving is tomorrow that's crazy to
me do you know that that's crazy to me I
don't know if I'm necessarily prepared
for Thanksgiving
I cook Thanksgiving I could Thanksgiving
dinner oh yeah I did for you'd be a run
for it if you're gonna be family you
know family it up oh no like I cook it
oh yeah yeah I know I fretted you'd be
busy I don't know if I have all the shit
my name I need eggs
remember no I have plenty of egg disease
joke time the stores closed so I brought
food for you sure I don't think I bought
something for tonight like picking saves
24 hours I mean yeah most of her you
know the one by me is I don't know if
I'll I don't know if all are I'm just
trying to think if I have everything I
need to go shopping tomorrow it's you
know that's the thing like really
Thanksgiving is like dinner yeah but I
don't wanna miss the parade can I be
honest with you for a second I fucking
love the Thanksgiving Day Parade I
stopped caring when I was 10 I loved it
I loved watching it it's the greatest
what are we doing rocket League yes why
did I point that controller I don't know
why you do anything you do jack it's a
mystery to me it's a mystery to you
don't forget the eggs okay
go ahead I'm gonna I'm gonna get rocket
League start off I'm gonna take a look
at mutaters I love the Thanksgiving Day
Parade we're gonna talk about more about
Thanksgiving Day Parade when rich comes
back cuz I love it actually we're you
know what while rich goes to the
bathroom they play
I thought we just want more oh yeah here
it's crazy I think you know it's been
you just do one then just do one egg
eater I am I am a big eater ate three
eggs every day every morning for
breakfast a three eggs and I fucking
love it
hard-boiled three hard-boiled eggs five
ounces of spinach half a can of black
beans little salt little pepper if I
feel crazy love sriracha so I have for
breakfast every day and it's great
except for Saturday Saturday's my cheat
day
do you think do fuck yeah three
hard-boiled eggs five ounces of spinach
half a can of black beans
that's great
protein drink right I do Gordon grams in
spring you should do Gordon Ramsay's
scrambled eggs those are great scrambled
eggs those are great great scrambled
eggs I used to do those they just too
much work like I got to get breakfast
ready for the kids and stuff get them
off to school so you know hard-boiled
stick them in water boils and let them
sit for 12 minutes boom hard-boiled eggs
that's great
Thanksgiving Day recipes I'm gonna try
something new this year I'm gonna make
I'm gonna make stuffing I'm gonna make
stuffing haters
baby I wouldn't make stuffing and then
put it in the waffle iron to make a
waffle stuffing crunchy waffle like
stuffing to put my gravy and mashed
potatoes on and I'm pretty excited about
that
can't kill Vader so that's good not
hitting anybody
there you go flying so you make you know
you you kind of like half make stuffing
and stick it in the waffle iron so it's
a little crunchy little toasty
waffle stuffing yes
stuffing you put in a while to make
crunchy and then you put your gravy and
some taters on it and I'm really excited
to make that that's my Thanksgiving
thing I deep-fried turkeys every year my
deep-fried turkey and that's really
great because deep-frying shit is
awesome
using a control point oh where is it
where is the control point I thought
you'd be lying so I started the only
problem is I don't know we're doing
control points and I don't know where
the control points are so we're losing
well I'm getting there now I just don't
know how to get up there now I just come
to this here's what I'm doing this year
Thanksgiving rings stuffing in the
waffle line so it's like crunchy waffle
shaped Stephanie pretty excited
yeah pretty excited about it deep-fry a
turkey because I deep-fried because I
deep-fried there it's great deep-fried
turkeys the only way to do it I know
yeah I know I know I have a fire
extinguisher a fresh fire extinguisher
and I've done it before so you know I
think that means we lost the game if we
lose this control point I think we lose
the game
yeah but they already have like three
anyway how do you mainly
Touche
yep I think he's stuck in a rock oh god
I'm cool about deep-frying everybody I
see I'm so cool about deep frying I know
what I'm doing and what to do email
night don't do it leave it alone they've
taken their last one
where do i I know you don't know but I'm
still gonna have I just want to fly the
spaceship can I fly the spaceship Oh
Jack I'm sorry that's all right
can you turn off the game oh yes I
deep-fry outside with a beer in my hand
and it's great it's on a nice kind of
what long big concrete thing and it's
super fun deep frying everything deep
frying turkeys I watched the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade and then I
watched the dog show oh do you watch a
dog show do what you don't like the
Thanksgiving Day Parade I wanted to say
it's Thanksgiving on Thanksgiving means
to me what nothing nothing nothing
that's fine
my family didn't know how to cook turkey
growing up so Thanksgiving to me means
dry turkey dry overcooked turkey you
know my mom also never cooked
Thanksgiving you know what our
Thanksgiving Day tradition used to be
when I was younger and I lived with my
mom is we would get McDonald's and watch
movies all day yep that was it like no
McDonald's with McDonald's is open on
Thanksgiving most our I think McDonald's
is open on Thanksgiving so we would get
McDonald's which you know was a treat
and just watch movies all day
that was our Thanksgiving Day tradition
which is why as soon as I had my own
place I was like no I'm making a fucking
dummy but that was our thing too is we
never we never did Thanksgiving your
battery is dying I know how long is that
cord that the long as cord you got no
I'm gonna have a longer one oh we do
split-screen - fuck yeah weekend
you know the longer part
