Episode 280
Star Wars Battleyawn (Part 2)
December 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_dF-LaUNes
___________________________________________

Aaron seems like a lovely person
congratulations to you both and I wish
you a long happy and fulfilling marriage
thank you very much I was a very that
was it I appreciate that no that was
just a kind of message yeah we all like
Karen Karen game is starting one second
here we go that was just really it was
just it was so kind that I could just uh
then I could just barf I could just barf
all over no I like that thank you
Jackson asshole don't miss emotionless
asshole riches riches all mushy Toshi
and I am you know if anything you can't
turn the music off in the menu only when
in the game only won it but only but
only when in game oh that's funny
I invert my look yo okay here we go I
got this thing oh you dick stole my
thing stopped stealing my things what I
did not mean to do that
they're not gonna know it's coming rich
I told Jack about my clutch skills last
Sunday after he left I'm gonna make a
highlight video that shit
oh you're pac-man's get out man skills
yeah yeah yeah no I you told me about it
and I'm super impressed I'm gonna I'm
gonna be like real honest with you
pac-man skills not not high on my
impressed list
wretches a how as a serious gamer do you
not like why inversion I used to be
inverted for all of my life until this
year actually we were playing the
straight the strength demo and that
didn't have the option to add bird I
found as the night was going on I was
getting used to it yeah and then I just
thought well fuck it why don't I just
convert to regular non inverted controls
and that way it's not gonna be a huge
pain in the ass every time I start a new
game oh shit this is fucked I gotta I
gotta invert but now it's gonna be an
issue with Jack's games cuz Jack plays
inverted Oh what the fuck was that it
was snake 19 make Snipes a lot oh fuck
you you gotta walk tree my god he walked
whoa
alright I guess I'm staying down here
fine I didn't work out there I heard
some time ago that game grumps just
wanting to do some stuff with you guys
but do you guys think about that they
still think it's great yeah why not do
literally anything with anybody that is
the rule with us anything with anybody
anytime
I wish you could play us at you baka in
this game can you play as a Chewbacca
that would be great
I don't know yes
I'm gonna say that I have no idea if
it's true or not I'm doing I'm gonna say
yes you know why cuz I like to commit
have you seen really walks to shoot yep
anything I have not seen any rocks but
if I see any Ewoks I will murder them
for you rich that's for the person Chet
oh that's gonna murder okay I will do
that for you person in chat toil eight
seven one
O'Doyle rules there are light color on a
white background some I've mind if you
had of that name wrong okay if I find an
Ewok I will murder them for you no
problem
gonna happen if you do anything except
get Mike to play games on stream yes
true thermal imploder go I don't think I
imploded anyone but that's okay I'm
getting to the high ground
shooting me work and it will throw a
rock at you
who are you me Brophy for it yay no I
really want to find him you are Oh what
the don't sound like an Ewok that
sounded a lot like an Ewok really I'm
just looking for anyone right now
where's all the bad open over here okay
we know it'll be ed guys shit running
away no that's a good guy gotta get off
this fucking tree thing here this tree
thing something dangerous yeah this is
dangerous there's some dangerous shit
Richard that yeah he's amazing
actually losing badly to the Imperial
yeah 29 to 45 Shoob
he was aiming rich how come you have the
better gun than I got I don't have a
better gun I have the exact same gun
that's a lot faster
well it's different Matt it's a
different gun that or am i holding the
trigger down when I should be I'm
holding the trigger down now
I haven't different good I don't know I
don't know man I don't know I don't know
nothing game modes to find more than
larger modes like Walker okay we will
well thought will do more game modes
after this we will we'll do everything
and anything all the time or none of the
time yay shit yeah we are really losing
here
shit
oh I thought I'd get banned if I didn't
get away from his beam okay stop being
noobs we were new at playing the game so
there's no weekend
stop being noobs we are we literally
just started playing the game right this
very moment well I got a I got a I got a
I got a thing
we get full measures before a case we
didn't full measures Wintermute Omega
mr. Pibbs what and krob krob thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true it's true we really very much
do its KH r OB Rob oh I know krob I met
krob when I was in San Francisco I
believe yeah I believe I did
I met krob they give you props no he
bought me a beer it was great so you're
not kidding that's not partisan Jo
no no what's the story huh just
recognized you in San Francisco yeah he
tweeted at me uh knowing that I was
going to be in San Francisco and then he
said hey Kai buy you beer and I said
that'd be great
and then he bought me a beer and it was
great we just chatted for a little bit
and I was in San Francisco for a couple
days for a wedding and you know I had a
I had some free time exciting it was it
was good beer
I well I I enjoyed hanging out with
people and doing things with other
people and I do not I do and he was very
nice and he was working on he was
working on a web application that you
got a shot
he's working on a web application that
used cloud-based video editing did you
power up yep
don't do it no dad I do it oh I did do
it which was a really interesting
concept I hope that's crop
I hope I'm remembered there this could
be this game is kind of boy this games
and I'll multiplayer on my online
shooter so guess what it's candy boy
yeah yeah you know the news no shit
oh that's like it's like a landmine okay
I got your back I got your back you stay
together watch each other up yeah run
away running away running away running
away no damn it
this game was plugged into a game making
algorithm in a supercomputer console
deep in the heart of EA yeah yeah it's
you know what it is it's fine I am a big
part of um defeat online only
multiplayer games is understanding the
maps like knowing the maps and obviously
this is virtualized first time playing
so we don't know the maps we don't know
where the good spots are we don't know
how to get around we don't we just don't
know the maps and so that's a big part
of on-line gaming and we didn't do it
see this Walker thing everyone's talking
about - oh yeah it's fine different
using different game modes let's do that
oh did you see the thanks for bringing
that up
did you see the civil war trailer no
Captain America said no I don't even
know that was trailer on the stream
there is a trailer out for Civil War
good good something they did not show
spider-man
they did not show spider-man that might
be the only thing I give a shit about I
mean did you read the books the Civil
War books you know oh yeah yeah I liked
it I like I think that's a really fun
story I need concepts massive Imperial
walkers very good at making Ironman
horribly unlikable yeah I like that it
also is very good at just destroying
Reed Richards character yeah I think
like like most storylines it petered out
pretty quickly oh and then the whole
spider-man Stiga die then anything only
to erase that with the marriage like a
month later a big fuck you right all
right here the iron spider nope never
mind
oh that was really that was near the
tail end for me yeah Civil War yeah yeah
you know what but a fun storyline and so
I'm really excited to see it in in movie
form and I think it's a neat idea
obviously they're not doing the whole
like mutant thing mmm mutant
registration or you know anything like
that but the superhero Registration Act
is a neat idea so and you know they
showed some bucks sure you got that now
I don't know if it's any good we can
also unlock this it sniper rifle I'm
sure it's great yeah yeah what unlock it
I don't give any shit say we're
unlocking it oh got a sniper rifle well
it's yours
Jesus sweet baby Jesus with a controller
well there's this I want the pistol I
like the pistol just tie my hands behind
my back that's what I want I know the
appearance we want to be a human we
definitely want to be a human what I
want to see a Spider Man movie with
courage as the villain no no carnage is
like the lamest spider-man villain of
all time can is there less than one
dimensional is that possible can you go
any lower
then carnage no you can you you
literally like carnage makes venom look
like he has some character venom had
some character
it got old straight-up revenge I think
you need a little bit more than that to
keep a character going for decades but
maybe I'm wrong I'm sure we're gonna
bring up plenty of characters motive
this purely revenge and they've been
great but I guess in Venom's case it was
just revenge and it was just through
physical well he's a little bit of the
taunting but I know who you are all
right it's fine Meadows fine courage no
card sucks good no you know what I want
in in the ultimate spider-man comics
spider-man's main nemesis was kingpin
and I loved that it was deadly Norman
Osborn in the Ultimate Comics yes yeah
Norman became his main nemesis but at
first it was the king you have never
been more wrong
you have never it started as Norman
Osborn then there was a kingpin story
arc maybe and then his nemesis has
always been northern Osborn in ultimate
universe the kingpins story arc was it
was a great story art was better yeah it
was a better story therefore it was the
best it was the it was his name villain
how about that the ultimate spider-man
peaked with the king the kingpin arc the
King Cronus and the Doc Ock arc that was
some fun stuff okay this when he beat
doc up up live on camera and then those
like reporters all over Ernie he gave
that impromptu speech that was that was
at the same time endearing yet wholly
naive I don't remember that I remember
the kingpin argh I loved that that was
super awesome
that's what I want I want spider-man vs
the kingpin
whenever the best probably the best
ultimate spider-man moment when you
thought there was going to be the
heartfelt moment where
he's gonna tell kingpin why he's going
after him yeah well you have against me
and spider-man stops and Mark Bagley
just drew it perfectly where
spider-man's just standing there medium
shot he's there's all kinds of shadow
all around and then he just goes right
into the fat jokes that was peak
ultimate spider-man that book was never
more fun
I don't know what I'm doing here I'll be
honest with you
if Jack is right listen maybe I'm not
ready biking babe I remember but here's
what here's rich and I can both agree
that the kingpin story arc is great yeah
and that's all that really matters
because the kingpin sir what are you
even doing nice no idea there's no
there's walkers and there's things that
we need to protect and there's guns and
we and and that we need to protect the
guns and Boba Fett would you want to see
a tick movie no I want more well we had
the tick cartoon that was more than
enough I want I want a tic movie that's
a cartoon not live-action
I don't want live-action tick they they
don't do it right all right just make
another series or just make another
series that's a cartoon not live-action
you cannot do the TIC live-action you
can't do the ticking haven't been more
sadist
what then it wasn't that old cartoon
that oh my god that was a old Christian
was perfect and great and wonderful
I don't know if this does anything he
seems pretty low which what is your
opinion on the snow globe villain
mystery oh it was fine not the best
villain ever but just fine villain don't
think it's doing much good I don't think
it's doing much good
3d animated maybe you know I think there
was something to that old style though
then that spoke well I don't whoa quince
Omni ACK fuck did you see that thank you
for subscribing 15 months in a row if we
really got 15 months in a row way really
appreciate but I was you know trying to
say it sincere but that's a you know if
you want to do it's funny to that's fine
that wow you're really mad about that
whole kingpin thing we can you take that
person the kingpin thing happened
there's no there's no going back now oh
shit that's a big one there's a big
don't know what's gonna need this thing
to be active whatever it is what
whatever that was we needed it to be
active and it wasn't active so I think I
activated it top five villains in all of
comic books oh my god oh my god look
that would take some thinking because
this lobbying just overlooked we can get
him out oh sure you know yo
three hours later but all wait I forgot
about so-and-so Thanos always been a
favorite of mine though I don't know
many lessons of villain amours is just a
character the Joker
as so many I'm just gonna forget about
oh my god
well dr. Doom's kind of a classic dr.
doom yeah any villain who talks about
himself in third person
he may have done it first done first
where's the fight of Doc Ock yeah I like
that guy
Hobgoblin the original Hobgoblin where's
I'm a Spidey guy so a lot of my
favorites are gonna be there Spidey
character sure - I'll take the original
Hobgoblin over over uh Norman Osborn
Green Goblin yeah that got old nope nope
nope
missed you know what Mr Freeze and
Batman the Animated Series hmm I'm gonna
put up there as just you know why cuz
he's a he's memorable he's a memorable
villain
didn't have many appearances but when I
was younger I thought the Reaper was
cool fairly friendly obscured Batman
villain I think it was only ever in like
two storylines but he just had the most
awesome costume ever like the seven foot
it was like the Gotham's vigilante
before Batman no qualms about murdering
people he wore this giant fucking like
red kind of like armored suit but it
doesn't look like plate armor it was
almost pattern of like a muscle tissue
armor and this big cloak black flowed
with a chrome skull mask red glowing
eyes and his fist just had two sites
coming out at the fist huh
it's just his fists were basically a
base with a scythe coming out of it that
also had a gun somewhere in there I just
defeated both that no big deal no big
fuck you Boba Fett you died to a blind
Luke Skywalker you're nothing
blond hums I'm blind hunts on a blind
hunt so god damn it I'm losing all over
the place let's just mean losing Luke
we're blind and we probably just helped
oh good point you wouldn't have any
distractions from that forest mojo oh we
are so low on ice oh oh shit I wanna see
the solar wears down so where's this
solo where's that solo mojo we got to
get that uplink get that uplink oh it's
up great we did it we did it everybody
did it
actually Elias made the purple mana to a
pretty first villain I really enjoy I
enjoy the idea of his powers whoa whoa
hey hey Sonu Sonu couldn't jump it
around you dickhead what is it is he
humping you me with I think you might
have been here we go come into my field
of view
someone anybody know one of the the
white wings do on the planet probably
nothing there no and someone's
recommending the game-mode heroes vs.
villains okay
I don't know if this is doing anything
got the little one the speeder I got
this stupid flimsy thing so bad yeah I
can pray get a couple more shots though
I don't think I don't think it's doing
anything but I like it it should be good
don't you think you guys getting the
fifty dollar DLC for this game if it $80
for one what do you get for $50 and if
it's pre bullshit right probably the
answer is no we're not getting it I
cannot imagine a world in which we are
getting that I activated it fuckers
gonna deactivate it make a shop good I
think you're running out of time you I
may be impossible
anything's possible rich this game only
has three fucking maps what previously
TG Phoenix no previously recorded live
yeah just bought a multiplayer only game
with three fucking maps she's going to
get bored and by the day one $50 DLC oh
what a cynical fucking EA product EA e
fuckin a
good for worlds not for maps 12 laughs
either way
fucking 12 maps for 60 bucks yeah yeah
yeah they want you to take the speed
over
I gotta activate this thing first EA
ruining their franchises no they know
it's got the Star Wars logo on its
everyone's gonna buy it because it's got
the right logo yep yep oh we might be
losing we may have lost yeah let's just
attack the Walker
oh yeah with one we did it oh wow look
at that's a big that's a big arena
look at that forty people that's great
Wow Wow yeah I do I do sorry go this way
two hands right
well they didn't use my idea for Star
Wars yeah I don't own it anymore
oh you might want to UM go to equipment
and customize where that one this one up
and go to blasters I have this hand
blaster and I do not care for it look
like we're shooting really fast yeah you
know like I'm what red ok I'm gonna try
it sure and then also you start now with
a thermal detonator and a scout pistol
ok so what's that do
I don't know these things I don't know
Rich's head is in the center of the
loading circle that's great I think it's
perfect keep-keep Jar Jar Binks offline
to stop the rebel bombing raids today I
sold three copies of this game and the
ps4 bundle and rented out at least
forces carry Lasher so this is I by the
way here's the here's the thing about
not just this game but Star Wars
anything so you can hit start at any
time oh my god I don't like it that you
don't like just start ok so you oh fuck
turn the oh yeah so that this is the
thing about this game especially with
like the holidays coming up it's like
anyone who's like oh little johnny plays
video games and he likes this dow was
like this is the gift that everyone's
getting whether they want it or not
right that's the same whether they want
it or not well that's the same with Star
Wars anything you know grandma's buying
gifts Oh Johnny likes the style
right
hey the crowd but for thanks for the tip
for another beer and rich did you ever
play Messiah much no what is it
I don't know what it is either
Rob hey Rob
oh now the walkers on your side so you
need to shut down those uplinks yeah
shut him down rich right in their face
yeah no it's that Boba Fett why is
grandma automatically Jewish yeah you
know this is the old lady voice I do and
I think it's ironic maybe I'll buy you
some Christmas gifts little Schmo you
for this third day of Hanukkah I will
get you the Battlefront that the Boba
Fett is a nice boy working hard I'm sure
he's got a mother back home II support
you so crazy Messiah is a game from
around 2000 where you play as an angel
you kill people as I hesitate snot
ironic sorry Tiberius Kirk not ironic
you know I wrought iron he doesn't mean
anything anymore but I thought it was a
dissonant and contrasting or whatever
whatever fuck you
Boba Fett is Jewish now yes both Fett is
judgment I declared itself if anyone has
a problem with that they can see me Boba
Fett is Jewish
Hey hands hands if Rosh says Cheers
thanks Cheers thanks man oh you got to
shut them down guys shut them down I
don't even know what I'm doing great I
meant that we Jews have more fun
celebrating Christmas than we do
bothering with a Hanukkah well great
great can you get in a way can you get
in a walker
I probably it's gonna be awesome
there's probably a way to do that right
there's probably a way to do that shit
shit shit shit
this looks like an FPS all right it is
it's you know it's an FPS with a lovely
Star Wars skin on it what else what else
do you want in a Star Wars game I would
like to get to know their Maps a little
bit better I like it not suck view well
I think that's part of it is you know oh
I'm sure the rebels are here now so I
can get there if I go here I know
there's cover here all that all that
stuff all that stuff is important
well that just we do suck yeah I mean
100 percent going on
absolutely
this is multiplayer shooter I'm just
kind of blowing this play the Lego Star
Wars game instead if you pronounced it
Hunza Frosch Hunza frosh it would be
correct and swell Hunza frosh hunter
frosh thank you for the tip it's tough
to know you know have the proper
pronunciation and stuff like this so I
appreciate the phone in expelling the
Hooked on Phonics go alright shut down
that uplink rich yeah I'll get right on
that get right on it or else the x-wings
come in and take out your 8080 you can't
let that happen
you are a soldier and certainly not a
clone we don't do clones anymore
you play Dark Horse's star wars been
right there for him rich likes dark
forces what's that
by Bob Loblaw just for the halibut just
for the halibut it's always weird
it always weirds me out when people say
8080 instead of a fad but then I say 80s
to you what do you what do you prefer do
you prefer at a tower 8080 add adding go
either way you go adding on not super
religious about it I'm gonna go ahead
and say 8080 I do think it's weird
though I've been reading the Star Wars
comics and whenever they talked to like
Threepio or r2 sometimes they spell it
out so instead of saying I like let me
see if I can find an example instead of
saying like Threepio de t re t hree
no no not even like that it's it's even
weirder where it's like they spell it
like a name let me see if I can find an
example it's really weird how what they
do
yeah that's what it is a RTO Oh a RTO
like I've seen it like r2 like a name r2
and it's like no it's it's the letter R
in the number two don't don't try to
make this more complicated than it is
thank you thank you whoever prosper
Thank You Casper for pointing that out
it's weird and I always I always thought
that was strange
they try to give up name like qualities
whoa grade run away nice rich Wilhelm
screams Willem screams everywhere are so
are two AR t oo is his name and the
letter R the number two is the model no
get out of here get out of here that's
retarded that is dumb and I don't like
it that's just how they do it I don't
know why they do it
Skywalker has been what no good get that
fucker out of here okay I can't jump
over the dope I can't get over it I'm
stuck in your armor man your armors
heavy don't go in the lava I'm sure it
hurts
Oh in ten seconds you can have a TIE
fighter don't die five seconds four
three two TIE fighter oh oh oh you just
oh I thought you'd get in a TIE fighter
oh he just launched a TIE fighter oh
that would have been fun I was really
expecting you would get in a TIE fighter
I was looking forward to it
sorry I'm sorry I get your hopes up you
get here
Viper probe droid great I'll publish you
yourself closer to bad guys
hey to find them or alone I don't know
defend the Walker I like that Judge
friendly face r2d2 this game has less
fun play than battlefront - you know I
remember battlefront - being a lot more
fun but we're not super into it yet so
we don't know can you play as heroes
that's a I don't know how you do that
it's got me a thing you find I think we
can play his Boba Fett oh there that
looked like Princess Leia
I was definitely have a grenade princess
why is Leia going into battle because
she does shit like that do you remember
when she was in all those battles in the
movies yes you do because she was she's
getting into shit she's a no-nonsense
kind of princess
oh sure they still got one
Oh fuck's sake Lea takes a lot of shots
in the movies and misses nearly none I
believe it they had they had laying down
they had some shit down in Star Wars
away is good at what she does right do
you want me to say none what up woopsie
into concrete
whoops you do kind of clipped a little
bit deactivated we must be activated
right or else I got no lay is not in the
battle because videogame Leia is a
general general sometimes go into
battles it's great that she's in the
game she takes charge when she think she
has to exactly that's it's totally in
character
totally and carolien character if
anything it makes like it makes less
sense that Boba Fett is in the game
unless you pay him like if you need to
collect money to pay him to be in the
game I do want chewy though I want to be
a Chewbacca I agree
like Boba Fett wouldn't be in a battle
like this you know he's up he's a pony
let me pick up a vehicle use it like any
other items again
okay well the TIE fighter no I don't
think you can I think the TIE fighter
you just launched give them good good
boobs yeah one damn it
no noosed again Leia is not in the game
because they needed one at least one
female character she's in the game
occasionally mad because I have no idea
what is going on this is exactly what
Leia is doing in the movies she's in the
game because she's in the movies no this
is you know this is reactionary from
what people think is like forced
integration and it's like no this makes
sense
other times yes you get forced
integration here is a female character
that makes sense in a video game so
settle down jack
unless of course this is just the chat
trolling us because it's something we
seem to talk about
l1 r1 to enter vehicles activate heroes
okay cool
when when you are able to yeah I'm not
going in any games right I get it I get
it Granby pianist oh yes they are I
believe the Chinese is trolling us
they're trying they are deliberately
trying to excite us I get it it's very
funny
Wow whatever do you're very funny all
the time shooting at random things
feeling like I'm accomplishing very
little yeah I don't think you can shoot
out of it either
well that's retarded well you have to
this is stupid but then you can like
shoot and come back and shoot in front
of you hearing a lot of Wilhelm screams
yeah shut that down rich stay on target
stay on target
stay on target
don't get cocky kid that's why don't get
cocky kid
ah dudududu I feel like I'm not this is
I feel like I'm accomplishing very
little the game yeah I think this
mapping specifically like I feel like
very disconnected to the Walker you know
like you you're just doing the same
thing whether the walkers they're not
right
and so the playing the objective is a
little muddled
nice
you didn't get the kilt form but you
helped joy are there are other sound
effects that are overused like Wilhelm
scream needs to be needs to be retired
now everyone knows what it is
you can do it rich I think the Wilhelm
scream needs to be retired no it's fine
I think I think too many people know
what it is and it's good it's fine it's
getting it's getting to the point where
we just need to unlock that every time I
hear on a smile as long as it's not use
it up like a ultra dramatic film words
distracting keep using it it's fine I go
awesome real gnome it's fine I'm gonna
jump Johnny Johnny I'm gonna jump off
this cliff cuz my life is nothing I want
to let you know that my life is nothing
in meaningless here I go yeah that would
be a little out of place let's try a
different one quit how down there in the
in the menu that's really awful quit
quit
Ellen Smithy's actually been retired for
a while now
oh yeah what are we doing well let's see
what else we got here
droids run hero hunt heroes vs. villains
let's try this what's this one
ships possibly ships ships first talk
about how the real home scream does Jack
hate fun most of the time yes people are
really saying they want us to quit I
thought this like the hot shit the game
I think it was but then people saw it
and then we're like oh is this all it is
but with Star Wars my movie
why didn't they make my movie we made I
made six of them George I made Star Wars
you know the Star Wars I did that did
you see the Star Wars movie
oh it influenced you greatly as a
filmmaker how weird
ooh X when your hey wing the spaceships
are you doing anything yeah like the the
least visual well yeah you can't even
see your lasers because of the clouds
oh you whoa you just starfox the shit
out of that vaguely rich is not
impressed
what is that type fighter made out of to
do are you killing it I should have been
you didn't
nothing blows up
nothing ever blows up you you even
attempted to Pearl Harbor that
motherfucker nothing I think you helped
I think you helped destroy that it's
made out of Durasteel there's a key to
what okay so you lost shield what I'm
just learning what does one oh okay you
have a shield whoa whoa well what was
that she'll she'll like that I like the
noise that was awesome speed up sir
screwed up and speed down what does one
what does anything do it press all the
things and see what happens that was the
thing there's death and destruction all
around you I love it
whoa
surprise the magician playing
blood-borne is still a very real option
tonight but we want to see what you know
Star Wars everybody like Star Wars the
Star Wars Star Wars every with Star Wars
Star Wars we're trying wait are you
you're the rebel what speeds up can you
speed up I don't know what slows down
I saw you something just at a constant
speed what about the the directional pad
Oh Oh what this looks fun I think I just
have slave 1 well this is horrifying the
Millennium Falcon you can get the
goddamn Millennium Falcon I wish I knew
what a full speed anyone pushed forward
on the stick oh the dumb they all right
now I know what happens when I do things
great and there's apparently a lock on
that you need to master what is the lock
on
is just keeping them in your sights long
enough I'm gonna assume yes
let's see what happens
and to get there
get there
my one congratulations right you did it
plug the controller in what did it say
we were running out of battery it's fine
everything's fine
hold l2 to lock on hold l2 all right
okay cool thank you thank you thank you
everybody
for teaching us how to play the game
we're playing it's important we win
bonus try that a full match do it again
yeah dude oh oh wait you're not doing it
I mean that's it some reason it shows
him that okay oh no oh you're on a
different map but it's fine no I don't
care what's different ma'am sure as long
as I'm flying in my space you're in the
air isn't the map really doesn't matter
it's just ah that's all the air right
you did not try hard enough Oh what hold
on dear wookies trigger
what hmm okay fighter squadron I do all
right what do you want interceptor
intercept
from the rebel scum of the scum we will
win they will die
whoa did you bomb them does it do that
automatically does it like bomb them you
can you pile hit a Star Destroyer I
think that would be the most boring game
those things don't move very fast that's
when you ever kids do start strong
it sounds off it sounds kind of horrible
actually that might be a mistake
get that rebels down did you get him
yeah
Ant Man has become slave one nice rich
is much more comfortable in a TIE
fighter I am I am just knowing that
you're piloting is more comfortable than
controllers shooting yeah
controller first-person shooting I mean
you know the differences and they say
evasive maneuvers breaks in missile app
so that's your d-pad okay hi that looks
good I don't know if I could handle that
this feels great though look at that
just go attack your Star Destroyer
Oh for the Emperor
that's what that was
er something like a fair ramming speed
all right you can do a rich year you're
falling behind but it's so it's all up
to you now only you can do it you
strayed away from the flock
a wings are speedy
I'll get the Falcon
get the Falcon what's that asshole doing
get out of here
just a nice big fat target nice I wanted
to say Jack Packard killed the Falcon
did you not get credit for that what was
the flying due on the ground maybe
I was channeling war from Star Trek
first kind of thang that's exactly what
I'm sorry funk you for getting that
reference rubbings food
I feel like riches channeling his FTL
powers to of mercy lists to beat the
rebels absolutely isn't the Empire has
some really good ideas they want to
unify the planet so you know they
they're putting a lot of people to work
with this whole Death Star initiative
you know I don't I don't necessarily
agree with blowing up planets but jobs
are jobs okay
I live on a desert I like it how you can
hear them scream before they die that's
a fun that's a fun trick that's a fun
detail Palpatine did nothing where you
know Palpatine was I I don't agree with
his methods but I think he thought that
they were the best I think he had the
the all of the planets best interest in
mind you know by murdering a few planets
so the other planets would follow
something down there yeah you saw the
ground you saw your demise
nice nice bitch killing killing in the
name of dd-do you were here at the rock
group there called Nickelback that's not
true
didja didja to his responsibilities were
more than you can fathom absolutely he
had to run get to run everything you
know it was all up to him and you know
obviously there was the the Imperial
Senate which was being in a disbanded he
still had he had the big vision plan
thanks Rach it was a game mode I can get
into this is it for rich this is the
entire game this is it looks great it's
like super fun I think you're you're
doing average by the way you're turning
right now you have more fighters or
unless that's the number of kills I know
how these member systems work tell us
okay yeah they're still winning so you
got to kill a lot more people really
fast
easy I don't know if there's gonna be a
new yoga stream that's that's all J he
has said outlook looks positive but we
don't know we don't know if there's
gonna be a new industry
give me something to shoot at was that
yellow guys he on your team
we're closing that gap but not close up
they only have two more kills and they
win
no I'm yeah oh those are York oh I get
it now
Oh jack I thought that was how okay I
get it now I get it now
what does Emma kills were zero what I
think I missed something are you great I
don't know one more time go go go do I
only kill AI oh I'm so sorry rich how do
you know if it's an AI or not I have no
idea no you know what you still want
doesn't matter still won how about that
I was only killing AI still one victory
doesn't matter it's tight and fall all
over again that's what I remember we're
doing so well against all those
characters what oh it's the bad we don't
know how to fly the Falcon I can only
assume if you like if it's anything like
Call of Duty which I assume it is you
have to get it like a killstreak and
then with when you get a killstreak you
can unlock a certain bonus or try to get
a larger kill torch you get a bigger
bonus so then if you kill enough people
you can unlock the Falcon
oh yeah that's much harder that looks
like a human maybe maybe maybe stay on
target
stay on target
that was great you really fucked that
guy up
I mean you didn't kill him but you
fucked him back up it's a pickup near
the ground oh so there are things in the
but
hey Chad the Falcon is not a killstreak
oh okay it's so it's a pickup okay
listen I don't know whoa
looks like your help does not regenerate
and in this mode are you ignoring BOTS
this time oh yeah
I think if it's not about they have a
name over there over there I think they
they have a color no no see like look at
that guy has a little name over his
color you might not be able to see the
name because your eyes are bad but eyes
are bad you always say your eyes about
the x-wing shot
Imperials inbound price dinner
so like you know when you hover over an
enemy they just a red star the red dot
otherwise they don't have a color dot oh
okay
but uh who fight a Star Destroyer I
don't think we can suck it Empire
okay you got this fridge you got this
stay on target
stay on target another Star Wars
reference
get him get him get him
but you gotta I won't rich to get his
kill so bad
Oh someone else took credit for that
kill you you've warmed him up you warmed
him up that's all that matters
how are you going to do a review of
undertale no probably not
I enjoyed playing it a lot I thought it
was really neat and I'd like to finish
it but I don't know if I don't I just
don't know if that'll happen we got so
much Star Wars to play
they either deep into the references you
do here that yeah you did it though you
killed someone you've got a kill under
your belt
you've now tasted this victory three of
blood you got it
now I'm gonna figure out how to play
Knight now you're not inverted right or
did you invert further burning huh I
inverted that think you inverted for
this noise sir look at that you got no I
mean you need to eat in Jinja I mean I D
for good you divert it yeah ah great
already I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
press to join boom joining 25 second we
have 25 second skill okay great
apparently I have a friend I can is a
friend of mine an in-game I don't know
who can is space camo with 15 months
Josh josh Josh radio link down King love
a 1-1 and end red leader
91 thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
okay how did I do what it's true we
really do we really do right trigger is
welcome I mean they left trigger is long
I'm red shirt or shoot r1 is your
missile wait it's old yes which day huh
that's all yes what stick yeah but I
thought it specific
and Hellcat striker thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
yeah what do you think you're doing I I
was leaving the combat zone okay what
locks on leftover I won I won I won
Gowan yep
great
shoot you know how do you do take turns
and parties have to slow down
oh yeah oh I'm with it yeah I have been
pushing though that's how it is in TIE
fighter I'll know if it's different
unless it's like one's on our side yes
nope
ah
Oh defend right
I have no idea what I'm doing this is
the problem is it's not sure why but I
just can't get into this game watching
them play is doing nothing for me this
game was like causing an existential
crisis in Star Wars but I like Star Wars
yeah question is when you hit if you
absolutely
I just find my cell phone constantly
holding down but lock unblock oh those
are box we don't care about BOTS there's
all the action over here okay okay
yeah fuck you know but we don't care
about butts this guy though yeah I wish
there weren't BOTS clouding up the
screen
oh well well I did not know that I was
being rocked on - why is his ship named
slave one yes it's not the sequel
pickups near the ground we still ignore
health oh let's get to it
keep shooting
boom get out of our shit rebels Tiberius
Kirk says he is a slaver originally he
took what these from his sheep and sold
them to slaves no this is a biome
remember that the Empire Strikes Back
if either of you checked out overwatch I
have not
I've been keeping up on development but
I have not played it I am NOT in on the
beta or anything take out that fucking
shirt
that fucking sucks
you know what's the Falcon are you okay
we're the tourist blessing people behind
him you never make it medicine it's just
a large target but like look at me he's
got all of us on him but it doesn't seem
to be very good at taking other ships oh
right it's you know what it's it's the
heavy all he's doing is like soaking up
all the damage to the other ships can do
work the Falcon which is no big fast as
they whoa did we kill him
I know it's not built for fighting but
it can shoot behind it which it isn't
doing plus it's also supposed to be
really fucking fast which it wasn't
right you know great Jeff yeah yeah I
felt like I was doing great how was I
doing four kills only one death I'll
take it it's a 4-1 kill death right here
I will take it this this is fun yeah
this is a good game yeah because the
transport fuck yeah I kill the movement
no you know what I did my part to quell
the rebellion those rebels aren't
getting food and medicine now cuz I kill
them I murdered that ship that makes me
feel better you know you know what else
we can do now I don't think we streamed
rocket league with the mutaters I don't
think I'm gonna fly ships a little bit
more myself yeah let me I'll do one more
than you can do one more than well make
a decision after that but yeah I'm
absolutely down with that I wasn't the
MVP
