Episode 281
Rocket League MUTATED!
December 27, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COCxWH8I6es
___________________________________________

you had a longer card sticking it out
see how long it lasts
actually that suitcase thing of mine
that the bag the black one I think my
phone cord isn't there which i think is
the same type of connector yeah
now they let that zipper though that
that one where your your hands real left
hand is just open that all the way up
yeah I bar games games and movies I'm
gonna be here a day is that the right
oh okay what's going on this is
thrilling I know we're doesn't I just
handed my hand listen this is what you
get sometimes rich and I are getting
ready for a new gaming and you might get
asked some at some of us setting up for
the game sounds to me like you guys got
everything it's safe to turn this back
on yeah I so I assume so - I actually
don't know if it is we'll see I
appreciate it the other rich which is my
friends hey you mind if I come over and
I'd say sure the holiday is just not a
super big deal today yeah if you want to
come and bring me Turkey though some
beautiful deep-fried I'm serious it's
all Serena's if you want to come over
here and surprise me with that yeah
that'd be fantastic I might I mean
listen I I also drink on Thanksgiving
join me how do I join great party does
Evan you need to do press options to
Jawa oh my god okay you can I'll go to
the garage so you can change your look I
like my buggy so I'm keeping my buggy
your buggy is my budget damn it you want
a buggy oh well then I'll change let's
see what do I want to be if you're gonna
be that if you're gonna be the buggy I
also like that
oh fuck yeah he'll be they'll be sweet
to it PlayStation exclusive right there
sweet tooth
there we go oh sorry were you still oh I
was fine okay so now play online create
private match random team size Josh
where Josh squash Josh quest thank you
guys for so many hours of hilarious
entertainment hilarious has been very
generous adequate entertainment me and a
few friends watched your your was it's
under center under undertale stream on
mushrooms never been semester at the
same time
that explains the hysterical ooh you
tater settings rich here we go oh you
don't wanna do a custom huh custom you
don't we can so here's the thing so like
you know we're creating our own room
yeah so we can do whatever one pinball
cube with time warp
demolition I don't know what demolition
is what's time warp can we do a
strawpoll time warp is one of the time
slows down to get close that oh I hate
oh I love it
yeah it lets you do fancy things cuz you
have time to think about what you're
doing okay let's do beach ball okay um
game Steve you want the you want time
warp we don't have to know now now with
beach ball
not a huge phone yeah okay default ball
speed default ball type slow for beach
ball whatever you want whatever you oh
wait it's ball speed slow ball wait
super light ball size gigantic gigantic
square slow you want a gigantic square
super light ball bouncing is high
gravity low gravity where's gravity guy
here is gravity whoa
that means your car's going on to
respawn time 30 seconds okay there's our
mutator do we want boost for fun boost
amount
boost amount oh here we go recharge
recharge slow alright okay okay we'll do
four before no three three four okay
yeah let's make it okay
whatever why you know what you don't
cast it's gonna be cast it's gonna be
great no one might score that's that's a
big possibility okay the name of the
room is prereq do we have high bounce
yes ball bouncing this is hot yes oh my
god okay okay the name of the room is
prereq if you want to join and the
password is one two three four go oh god
damn it
do I have to login rich has to log now
for fuck's sake never mind
wait wait turn off the game first so you
can log in and log turn off the game uh
I can't just play as guests apparently
not that doesn't seem right right
is it frozen yeah where else are you
guys you guys are pro duck for it for
your bird you know I like Turkey and and
you know the thing about deep frying a
turkey we're not gonna sign on how does
this work is I go up nope
go back I press up now go to where it
says yeah profile profile sign-in to
PlayStation Network this is what I love
most about deep frying a turkey is ID
the night before tonight before I left
actually you start brining it so you
stick it in a solution of brown sugar
and salt water and you let it soak in
that overnight and that kind of helps it
maintain its moisture I don't know if I
remember my password this might be a
pain in the ass then when you deep fry
it the skin gets super crunchy it's
great and it like it's incredibly
flavorful a little dangerous but you
know that's part of the fun of deep
frying is just watching it what middle
children might burn to death well no
they stay inside
usually it's rather cold actually
tomorrow's supposed to be pretty nice
usually it's rather cold on Thanksgiving
but and I have a fire extinguisher on
hand and I do not leave of course the
deep fryer every every couple you know
every little bit Lisa will yell out the
windows see if I need a fresh beer which
is you know that's just part of
Thanksgiving
how long should take the deep-fried
turkey not long an hour and a half you
know compare that to baking bake oh sure
you know so not not long at all and you
know we normally we get like a small we
don't have like a ton of people over so
we get a small bird but you can always
make more children am i right
I'm sorry about talking about food but
that's part of Thanksgiving like it like
we were talking about earlier like
I I didn't really grow up with
Thanksgiving yeah we we was it was great
we had a great time just watching movies
and eating McDonald's but you know so
like now I try to you know I try to make
it a whole deal just cuz I like it and
like I said thanks Macy's Thanksgiving
Day Parade see the balloons this is the
dumbest thing in the world and I love it
see those balloons going down the street
musical numbers and is dumb and I loved
it I loved every minute of it then you
see the dog show you see super ugly dogs
Ritchie right now you guys aren't what
aren't seeing this but Rich's attempting
to sign in to the PlayStation Network
and I'm sure you haven't signed in to
PlayStation Network in like forever
and so he's trying a series of different
email addresses and passwords hoping
that one oh this could be it please wait
it says please wait in its swirling a
bone we found it he found it
all right okay now you turn the game
back on I love when the balloons fall
into play no I don't know why I love I
love it so much it amazes Thanksgiving
big freighter cuz it's dumb
I like the spider-man flow when I was
younger yeah yeah the old doesn't look
better than the newer one mm-hmm
they get new ones all the time still got
a okay we're changing the password to
make it fair for everyone so the room
name is prereq and the password is four
five six seven done great match here we
go four five six seven room name is
prereq if you want to play mutaters it's
gonna be awesome
god I love this game let's see this
might be a weird set of mutators this
could be I've never played with a large
cube before it should be fun I'm just
saying in general I love this game jack
is on the left
rich is on the right
I did not see these civil war trailer
I'm sure it's great gets you a little
excited oh my god
gets you a little excited for so long
oh that's right and like car gravity is
low to me nuts
Oh God
nope nope nope that's you know what and
that's why I did rocket boost on high
because like a lot of times you just
have to rock it to get anywhere oh no ah
save nice save
get it there
hey I'm not sure I fit the cube once it
no oh god damn it
this is chaos I know it is great this is
utter chaos our only hope is to blow up
the other team look at that look at that
that's great that's fantastic I can't
wait for them for the new big pitch big
pitch the the new in owl in football
they call the field of the pitch
it's great and so in the for the Mad Max
update which isn't you know not
officially Mad Max here we go here we go
here we go get in there get in there now
the the new pitch that comes with it is
bigger it's significantly bigger yeah
than any than I need to have in me all
the boosts are in different spots this
is a bit of a state this is probably a
mistake right but that's okay okay I I
just you know what's gonna be fun about
this is how long can we go you know cuz
it'll go into overtime and nobody will
have scored all the mutaters on this
course I did a random course so no I
think everyone I've ever played has been
on this particular map yeah yeah here
take that
oh now
also this is something I've always
wondered like I have the the sweet tooth
fan people on PC do you see the sweet
tooth fan ever seen it yeah really
no I don't think that was answering my
question I think that was just a thought
someone's gonna score and if you don't
see me with the sweet tooth fan what do
you see I don't know one eye
how would i how would I know if I don't
even know they're supposed to have the
sweet tooth van you know exactly well
that's you know that's managed some kind
of default car yeah you know there is
the default there is a van just
something I've always been curious about
you know because then it would have to
be in the code for the PC version but
they wouldn't allow people to play it
it's super-exclusive
oh oh it's there
no dick you bunch of dicks people
regretting this I'm regretting this but
I love it this is the here's the great
thing about this is this is gonna be an
endurance test you know this isn't about
scale or strategy who can last ah who
can last the longest without fucking up
like I think I've gone minutes without
hitting the ball yeah yeah oh yeah go
just hit it but somehow it went closer
to my goal
here we go oh it's going right on all
right here we are over time over time we
should probably change up the rules
after this nope no we're gonna get two
matches and it's gonna be cryptic it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great and
everything's gonna be Oh everything's
excellent start taking bets on when
someone scores the first goal the only
goal the overtime yep oh god yes passed
down oh my god oh my god oh my god it
was there it was right there ah backing
up backing up backing up back it up back
it in let me again try to battle me
that's us in dip around jump around jump
around the run jump around jump up jump
up and get down jump around jump around
jump up and jump up and get down
everybody jump yeah
yeah and it's up you know what it just
realized like just before when I was
talking about like this sweet tooth man
I was asking a question to the chat and
I have no way of checking the chat right
now because I'm playing the game yeah
I'm sorry about that everybody that was
incredibly rude at me ask questions is
chad there probably someone gave me an
answer
I was like man instead of like ant you
know getting the answers I'll just keep
playing it's really rude of me
I'm very sorry nope that went a
completely different direction how many
flips are so many flops
oh this is just never going to go in you
know it's gonna be a weird bounce it's
gonna be a weird bounce yeah but
someone's gonna someone's gonna get it
someone's gonna get it it's got to
happen right what else it'll just be the
game that never ends get that fucker in
there oh this is the game that never
ends as it goes on my friend some people
started playing and not knowing what it
was
they'll just keep on playing it forever
just because this is the game just keep
on playing forever just between this
cube and you singing you're gonna kill
myself
okay sorry about that everyone really
sorry about that but that's listen
that's where we're going oh you got the
mascot okay
we're gonna we're gonna change some
settings yeah I think that's why some
settings what do you want to average um
but uh by the way what do people see if
they don't see the sweet tooth man
someone tell me now
that's it what's gone what your ears
hurt I'm very sorry it was it was
appropriate I agree I want I want to go
with super heavy large round
let's go medicine ball medicine ball
okay I like it hold on I'm waiting for
an answer they might not know someone
tell me a random car that's it somebody
saying it's a random car something a
merc okay
so the but the point is you don't see
sweet tooth yeah I've never seen it yeah
Merc is the van I don't even think of
that Hey
no no go back go back I can't you can't
well we can quit kiss of the room or
something right you would think well
what do they know I don't want to do
that you would think I'd be able to
cancel the room I made the room maybe
have to spectate first here we go hey
hey sorry people we were we were right
in the middle of something here okay why
is there a third car I don't know that's
weird so I think that's weird that's
super weird that's super weird guests
and charged oh it's just but
okay ball machspeed slow ball top
you
ball bouncing is low let's get a lot of
charges we're going to ram this fucker
return and yeah boo shrink to gravity
normal gravity normal demolish disabled
friendly fire oh my god just have
everyone explode no no we will do
friendly fire though okay
friendly fire respawn sign three seconds
okay
what's backward I know everything
oh okay password for this room is zero
zero zero zero done create match
he ball-sized yeah yeah this is the
mutator thing was it was a was a dlc was
a free dlc it was free dlc it's just you
know which is great it's just them
giving back free dlc for for the rocket
league and yeah they just you can just
mess with all the settings it's actually
a little hard like joining a mutator
match because sometimes you'll join
middle hey it's a cute I know I may be
the ball
well this makes it a little harder so
it's good shit this this boost is
incredible
ah oh my god oh this is like football
before there was passing rugby
never has a clear ball not going gone so
far no bracket back I was kind of fun I
think this is a good setting the big
giant cube yeah it's you know the fun
thing about this is it just makes you it
makes your brain work in a different way
of playing this damn you get so used to
standard rules dole get it on their side
keep it on their side just like they did
to us
there we go hey Matt how fast you have
to hit this thing
there we go
damnit
you blue menace
you know that helps whoa
I missed and that is embarrassing to say
the least
I got confused there was an explosion no
did you blow me up I did not blow you up
what the fuck which were failing yes we
are we're failures Oh
oh my god also Brack attack you are good
or lucky I might have blown you up there
sorry about that if that was me but
there's no guarantee it was me so I'm
gonna work on actually just blowing up
other people my plan to blow up other
people is not working
out of here
get out of here is stupid cute yeah
thank you
give his life
fucking I don't know fucking spooky
Dookie fuck it we're done
there's no way we can come back from
this no not really
just concentrate on destroying them rich
concentrate on their distraction aim for
them
my best
Jesus honey
yeah she's monkey tick Christ yeah
you know I got caught the other day on
the old I'm the old streaming box is a
China Illinois that's alright have you
seen any of his other stuff no he's like
he made he made web shorts I like he did
the hid you ever see like the Washington
short now Washington Washington six feet
tall made of radiation he's got a good
style dug it like not not the greatest
that there ever has or ever will be but
I dug it I'm emotionally exhausted Jack
you're emotionally exhausted emotionally
exhausted from pushing this cube around
yes alright that's fair I didn't know it
was like manual labor I didn't know you
were bringing your emotions and oh my
god you've also been blowing up many
times yes thank you yeah I feel like
you've been blowing up more than anyone
and I don't quite understand that
all right let's change this up again do
you want mister standing match what you
want to just if that would make you
happy so just to get back into it I just
stand a match and if you've played with
us what is it what do we say twice yeah
if you played with us twice let somebody
else in unless nobody else comes in then
you're allowed to come back in okay
there we go wait did you change it back
or is it still at mutator settings go
back yeah but it's just everything's
normal
all right all right making sure yep
all right so anyway prereq and the the
password is zero zero zero zero
oh I'm a rookie and who needs to click
ok everybody I met silver in doubles and
and hey thank you thank you
congratulations
so great Brad Miele made all these
wonderful shorts and now now he has a TV
show called China Illinois I think it's
fun it's way it's weird it's it's just
that right kind of weird and but it's
unique weird you know I feel like
everyone does weird now so it's fun to
see a unique
nope how did I miss that
save your wealth oh thank you thank you
look at this look at that awesome save
and then Neal Breen returns you know why
why cuz he's Neal because he's neo brain
of course fucking meal Breen gets in on
it get out of town get right the fuck
out of town unless you really are Neal
Breen then you stay here cuz your
glorious center ring shotgun specialist
sort of a bitch rich
I got upside down maybe zero fucking
points though I got upside down zero
point that's never you never want to be
upside down never not upside down
fuck you yeah
oh gosh getting schooled by Neal Breen
okay look at that attempt look at that a
a Liz like right there but just like
just an inch just an inch away from it I
just can't there are no words this
happens sometimes you know you just have
those games sometimes you have those
games where nothing makes sense in the
world you know and I get that don't let
it get you down though you know why
there's still a chance for all or now
there's a real chance for victory before
I was blowing smoke up your ass but now
there's a real chance for me to down we
get we got almost four minutes left
that's a lot of times a lot of that's a
lot of time to make up some ground make
up a lot of time to come close and fall
short you know what you know what orange
we only got to win by one that's the
truth you only got to win by one we
don't need to blow him out of water
right now you're down by two yeah but we
only got to win by one oh my god
there you go there you go now we're
talking
no Hale nice with the with the with the
block at the goal the goaltender tendon
goal being with it
feeling the Breen shit missed no cream
is the best now goddamn it oh that was
the best rocket League player to ever
play rocket League yeah no he invented
rocket Lee he teaches other people ha ha
he could win any game he could win any
game but he chooses he chooses not to
because for sportsmen like reason well
fuck I almost knock that in our call
Breen is so good he almost made me knock
it in my
fuck fuck fuck
I mentioned I hate chaos sir you hate
chaos four versus four oh it is it's
nuts
it's not ranked for a reason oh sure
because there's just so much there's too
much randomness
there's too much this ball bouncing all
over the oh my god
yeah brain resist be with us watches
watches get your score out of there oh
just just a caress he gently blew a kiss
on that ball causing it to score
chef Toby there will be an episode of
half of the bag upcoming don't worry
about it
I'll be around everything's everything's
everything we had to get them space cop
DVDs made you want to buy Christmas
right oh my god now I'm hitting my own
teammates
centering pass to nowhere oh no I was
there I was there brother
what stop it stop it
everything's terrible no Neil brims
neoprene is life neoprene is love Neil
brain is never ending oh my Jesus Jesus
Jesus these are the end times rich Neil
brain is using his power for his own
personal game you know what that means
that means I flipped the ball over your
head while I but yeah but I I wasn't
aiming for the ball just aim to stop you
if if brain starts using his powers for
evil
it means that the world is lost it's a
good thing he's not guys oh well you're
on his team of course you would say
daddy agreement
probably didn't do much good doing that
what did you do I kind of hit it back to
the middle
can I hit it back to the middle hoping
we could kind of more and more center it
bicycle hit the ever popular bicycle oh
oh that I mean was that you no no that
was just he Breen hit it a little too
high no somebody rammed into me I was
about to he hit him perfectly from the
beautiful centering the Neal brain
centering pass oh and somebody rammed
into me and I gave it way too much urine
and all sorts of trophies here just
doesn't understand things oh because I
have intense teams yeah it's all
completely meaningless to me we're doing
one more all right one more I'm ready
Neal Breen come on come on man
Jameis Jameis swim Jameis me a brain of
course is MVP if if Mia Breen was an MVP
we'd have a bigger problem on our hands
they like your name
what
okay all right here we go here we go
oh that I did I try knock the ball away
from you
ah always Neil green on my side now oh
man
made it may the breezes be with you all
sorry Karate Kid
oh you did that right you set him up oh
please just bouncing right off of you
bounce right out for you and into the
goal into the glory goal the glory goal
well
oh that was me that was my fault shit
shit shit got to make up for that oh
that was almost really bad if you guys
score here it's my fault
you know
okay now it's back here so it's know
what point isn't your fault jack
now that what are the what about what is
lost saying on that as now that it's
back over here it's not my fault anyway
it went it went over by our side because
I hit it over there and if you guys
would have scored it would have been
Michael look that's my that's my father
that's totally my that's on me yeah
that's on me let's see this let's see
the replay yep yep see you hit it over
there yeah that's so laniel but now
let's say someone somewhat eslint when
the ball goes back to the point of error
so if it would have gone back to the
corner that's when it ceases to become
your phone it's almost like the reset
button whoa what that's crazy
yes what that's crazy
okay
yeah Jack did that and I did nothing I
don't I don't think I've done anything
this round look at that zero zero zero
I have done nothing this round oh there
we go I have one five five points with
the first touch
I hope
oh my god just getting batted around
like I'm like a redheaded stepchild like
what
sure sure is again I'm just getting
knocked all over the place yeah I like
redheads step down no more like being
beat up though I've mainly swung around
getting swung around like Kate Winslet
on the Titanic - labored getting I'm
getting swung getting swung around like
a 90s gap commercial yeah like that
no I callback callback Monica not
necessarily a callback more more a
reference to a reference to something in
the 90s
gosh
gosh gosh gosh no boo nice damn it damn
it damn it damn it damn it
getting uh getting getting swung around
like a getting swung around like I don't
know if I got out there like Michael J
Fox is 9-iron whoo okay
gettin swung around like an elderly
meeting of the large-chested Women's
Club Wow
stop trying just just stop trying yeah
yeah I need to the huge thing that I'm
not gonna
I didn't I didn't keep you from scoring
okay look at that look at that
let's see that oh great that was great
unfortunately Neil Breen returned the
upper neoprene is here forever
yeah
boom boom I get an assist I got the
assist high-five me a brief give me
something that's all I got rich look I
got one assist and that's it give me
that give me that
so looking at our positions jack yeah
the better is it better to be the top
player on a losing team or the worst
player on a winning team I don't know I
don't know I think both villages I think
it's very interesting I think very
interest I think both have their their
advantage it's like obviously like no
matter what my team wins right just
because I'm bottom scorers I can still
won and I scored something I got one
assist so that's really nice and you
know try all you want you still lost
that being said you know if you look at
this points you've beaten several people
on my team and by several I mean me oh
my god this is sick this is just sick
and so you know you've done better than
me but yeah it's it's at this point it
just doesn't matter because we're
winning right by a stupid amount also
it's eight to one
that was embarrassing
always embarrassing when you like you
know go for him just she has to be with
like that just that twice in a row now
just whipping it
somebody was nice enough to to give us a
goal it wasn't me I was trying to block
it thank you
what is that dision tendencies decidin
tendencies
oh all right
are you done that's about it it's
getting late
we gotta mosey
okay we got a straight-up mosey
thank you I read someplace I do and read
them all night rice when I did was whole
cat striker okay what the fuck indeed
Dirk
slam chest pizza train 11 the laziest
non-communist hairy fed thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do we're gonna do
okay so you are doing a mega stream
tomorrow I'm gonna my guest room I'm
probably you know what I'm probably
gonna just keep going for a bit tonight
what's the difference you do you man
yeah you do you let me quiet be warned
do you want a rich rich solo stream this
is just I'm my lazy Thanksgiving Day and
I figured I'll just fucking stream it
fuck not watch movies and play games do
it with an audience they want to watch
think I'm watch there you go but uh
thanks for coming out everyone have a
happy Thanksgiving if you celebrate
Thanksgiving and if not have a good
Thursday you know watch a parade watch a
dog show it'll be great bye hit a button
alright I'll probably be back in a
little bit I'm gonna
