Episode 012
1001 Spikes (Jack & Rich) Part 2
August 5, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beCd9Aeho0Q
___________________________________________

all the dropped frames everyone sorry
internet here hit a bit of a spike and
we drop some frames so now we should be
good yeah now we're good
oh did you can't no you're going you can
do this you can't Jack you can't you can
I believe in you well yeah well god we
lost like 75 lives last and we're not
even or not it this is like level 1 it
feels like level Oh keep up him
hey wait till the fires all oh my god
okay oh my god I can't believe you do
that scares me
yep Oh I've not used to it oh oh I think
we just need to do this one player It's
My Thing
come on this is fine okay we lose we
lose all right deal oh I know I just I
do feel bad that we're no one's on the
chat but all right we gotta concentrate
when we do XCOM it's probably just gonna
be us and oh my god your prize is gonna
be long section zone nobody minor bring
the chance just it's gonna happen
spoiler alert every now and then next
week is XCOM next week is going to be my
first time ever playing XCOM enemy
Unknown next week or the week after
we'll see how yeah hopefully next week I
suppose maybe not maybe not but I our
next stream our next multi-person stream
will be XCOM because it's Rich's
favorite game of the moment and I have
never played it and so that's what we
are doing next time it's very exciting
for me yeah
okay all right you get rid of the knife
just keep going oh oh I thought those
folks were coming back the spikes will
block the knife and then you'll get hit
by this fitting dagger oh okay I see
what's going on then yep what Oh another
spinning dagger oh my god you gotta like
turn around that scene I've every one of
those blocks is a breakaway waiting for
that they don't like making it easy
that's the one nice spikes oh look at
this shit I like it Oh oh my god
this is I think I'm I'm I'm not acting
as an asset I fucked up 99 times yeah
concept that one time when you shot me
sure I died because you shot me okay so
here's the thing for all the people for
all the people referring to and asking
about my AIDS I will start banding
people if you keep up that kind of chat
spam that's it's just you know I get the
joke but for every AIDS now we will but
start banning people so please lay off
and now I'm gonna actually go over to
the Fanning station because I have a
feeling that a lot of you are going to
start stabbing it more
so rich if you just want to kill me and
keep on playing ah great
all right my head start without you
please please it start without me are
you is it working on up uh yeah okay
great I think red I'll go we're at a
story point yeah or some kind of
nothing's killed me in there's a skull
over him
I'm gonna guess invisible rocks
miserable rocks no all right
is that gonna spike me oh oh oh a thing
I grabbed the thing the loss tied up at
the Kiev beggar rule
at tomb rated it oh good oh good oh you
see that now you didn't like 50 up Oh a
nice for ad 975 nice and we got a skull
oh dear God my mind got in Himmel what
happened lot of spikes oh good oh good
and going on here okay
you wanna play with the spikes with
three sevens no I was watching a little
bit of it any other room and I think I
would get to unnerve Blaine is my mind
yeah it's a little much
it's a little much were you guys having
some lag issues a little while ago we
were we were and I that's my fault
actually oh no I was I finished editing
and I was uploading a uptake video for
the patreon not on the patreon I'm you
go to the patreon oh my god you are
patron you can see a new-onset video
nice I'm just saying what I was doing
that's all alright that's jumping
they're still up like that yeah oh I
think I got this
yeah you don't I ain't got shit I want
by the way you got dead I don't God I
don't got shit you got dead well yeah
these spikes are different like they
hang a little bit longer
oh my god oh my god you Oh God
yeah I thought I was that how did you
not die that's a good question
yeah I used to get frustrated with
really cards Nintendo games so I think
this game would make me lose my mind
yeah yeah a little bit of that little
bit am I losing what I I think what the
thing is with these spikes is you have
to jump with them yeah this is one of
those games okay okay it looks great on
that big monitor yeah two three it's
like one two three one two see you know
like you have to kind of I I think I can
do this I think I can do this okay
I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
I'm ready I'm ready I'm going doing it
did you do
I got oh my god and the idea of this
game is that you're definitely gonna die
a whole bunch right yeah absolutely
you're gonna oh nice fucked
you're gonna die so much that's why they
give you 1001 limes but if you don't
beat the game in 1001 lives it's done
you not planning on burping just so
happened to be my burp step anything
like dubstep it is it's exactly like
dubstep so what did you do to get past
it I jump when they were still off yeah
this is a different beast though Oh God
oh no no no I'm just gonna die into my
favorite okay all right no hey I did it
I didn't die that's potato chips you get
some potato chips make sure you bring
them here and then chop them right into
the microphone that sounds like an
amazing idea I used to do a college
radio show and I would often brush my
teeth for extended periods of time
because I knew it would annoy people
back then that's all I wanted to do was
annoy people that were paying attention
all right that seems fair
I'm just killing rich off I'm just
talking about myself right now so I'm
killing my job so I can try to make it
through this insane level nope right
into the mic thank you
it's one of the like we have to master
the art of jumping with the spikes I
feel mm-hmm and we have not mastered
that yet okay I've got that part down
it's up there sure you jump there so
long yeah but I'm trying I'm trying to
teach myself the spikes rhythm oh yeah
like you know because rich the rhythm is
gonna get you the rivers gonna get you
best of the worst themed around people
melting in movies who's not clip from a
movie called the incredible melting man
that would definitely be best of the
worst material for other melting movies
like where the plot is based around
people melting but just there are those
lots of people melting in the W there's
a movie called the street trash I would
need a third one another one with the
waiters Robocop we're talking about the
best of the work I know I know I just
movie second thing with Jeff over
somebody else okay okay I got this
I got incredible multi man street trash
though he would need a third oh yeah see
that's how you gonna do it that's that's
different that's how you do it rich boom
check I got yourself do you make these
noises - yes you do no she got right
before i I'm just I'm just going nope
okay you know you just gotta get that
timing down we're like you do jump with
the spikes boom boom like especially a
game like this where it's so intense and
all your concentration rich rich rich
Evans apparently incredible melting man
was done on an episode of Mystery
Science Theater which means nobody else
can ever talk oh no we can't do that
learn that when we did that yeah yeah
apparently if you talk about a movie
that Mystery Science Theater is done um
well I mean our show is exactly like
Mystery Science so I can totally see
where they're coming from where we show
the entirety of the movie and have
little puppets over and yes yeah we're
we're if we're if we're if the worst is
a rich show right absolutely okay yeah
see they dig trickier there you go yeah
you got it oh nice nice nice bitch and
doing it believe in yourself it's all
this is insane
that's awesome
now do you need to move it back over
there oh I do do it do it do it do it
come on come on rich nice boom you can't
end up can't handle
no just learning
so what are we to do next
well like with our lives
Hey yes oh I just bought a plot of land
to uh to be buried in oh good so
hopefully that'll happen in the next
know a couple years dying yeah but I can
only hope yeah cuz I think we're about
at the end of this you are
I won't even wait no not that long it's
it's not as long as it should be because
we had some technical fall far as some
technical issues at the start I don't
believe that right oddly enough not too
many like audio issues which is usually
I say is I'm crunching potato chips into
the mic well that's that's not an audio
issue that's that's you wonder that's a
rich Evans issue voice come on oh don't
do it your way
yeah Nega okay what's timing here Jack
when you better polish it
you met through no I think this is an
area where you're supposed to use the
short jump oh my god right oh my god
rich you're insane you have to wait for
me though okay this is amazing
I'm just gonna let you handle that oh
thanks well you're over there if I'm
over there just gonna have I'm just
gonna get in the way okay you can push
my ass I'll push your ass
wait you - jump - jump B you jump B you
jump jump jump
now wait yeah what's gonna collapse all
probably all of these down there
but there's the door so I'm just you
know what I'm doing I'm just going for
it yeah you had to let that one collapse
apparently is a thing cheap this game
never said it was fair I think this game
is advertised as will fuck yourself okay
what I got fucked up
that's what it is I got fucked up other
other going over in the chat everybody
know everybody having a good time
Oh slime city that's another melty
neither there you go so all right we'll
do a melting person movie not so big fan
of people's heads exploding in movies
sure though that rarely happens more
than once in a movie unless it's like
scanners right there's nothing better
than a good head explode no how are you
supposed to time that ah
the answer is I guess if you're supposed
to just get lucky I hate it I'm sure
there's a way someone's suggesting a
game called Carol blaster are you
familiar with a tarot blaster oh yeah I
guess it's another 16-bit tight game
okay I am not familiar with it okay I'm
sure it's fine
don't until it rich when she's doing
better at this game and I am
it's the multiplayer aspect that
actually really throws me off
now here here's what you have to do oh
are you good at that I hear one of those
things where you have to take your time
earlier Hey no he did you did it if we
wanted to run the splitter from one of
those yeah let me get a little Mike here
and I wouldn't sound like I'm in a
closet ah that possible we can't we can
do that okay here's another Mike just
keep playing okay
we're gonna up the fidelity of Jays
microphone oh I found the first trap
what's the keep I think just got a quick
get across those this looks like it can
be broken
I wonder if you throw a knife at it
passing right now so all right okay no
everything's not okay
oh I'm so sorry I'm sorry are you Jay
yeah oh good that's nice nope one end
into here and then one of those I was
sure okay I think that should I see now
Oh God fuck this game no on your end is
this depends on your microphone yeah
okay
oh you we're never getting past this
part I am gonna get past this part or
not getting past this part this is where
we die ah Q we are this is our tomb ah
maybe what you see what's up ahead okay
okay now I got some microphone - can you
hear me people you're showing up levels
are we getting are we getting some some
Dingle things though hold on
Dingle dang we might be getting single
things I don't want dinkles or day we
don't want dinkles or dings so we're
gonna do a quick audio check okay yes
I'm talking can you hear me when I talk
into the mic and also rich I can really
hear you chewing gentle heads up so much
chips I've developed a policy when we
see the best of the worst episodes
people that we don't allow snacks in the
room and this is exactly why I'm on rape
day you might not get to get closer oh
really yeah tap on it I'm hearing yeah
yeah okay whatever
oh yeah you can get closer I need a
sandwich a little closer
dang okay all right yeah this is I think
quieter might and so does this one fault
no this one does not fall no okay
I'm not lying do good luck it missed
though
oh oh I see I got I got there okay
what's really a pain in the ass is oh is
one past this even there's some spikes
that aren't very helpful are you gonna
get back up there so don't I probably
don't jump on the gray bit sure oh okay
I see I see I'm gonna get back at the
door you can have to jump straight
across there I'm good luck past you
getting down there oh you figured it out
what are your spikes on the face Oh God
nothing's fair and everything's fair you
just have to figure it out this is very
hard
all right we're going to know yeah I
think actually like with two people it's
actually harder just cuz sure people are
getting in the way it's fun and whatnot
it's fine it is no I did I like I like
it that were that were two player and
nope nope nope nope one way okay and
will we do this separately Oh up until
the top one up until them yeah okay I
blocked it for you you're welcome
no we're losing twice honey wives yay
Doniak what do we do when we're not
streaming Oh finally we're not streaming
I was good we do absolutely nothing
yeah the videos just make themselves no
that's pretty much all we do order it
out not streaming this is working out
and stuff for the website
yeah why I was gonna someone asked us
last stream like what our hobbies are
and it's very easy our hobbies are
exactly what you see now there's bikes
on it didn't like we our hobbies are
watching bad movies and watching movies
yeah and playing video games there's all
of our hobbies into stuff we do for the
red letter media site right so they're
not exactly hobbies anymore even your
first yeah
sweep that up hope sorry oh god did I
fuck us you did yay i I understand I
understand what I did yeah so mostly
when we're not streaming we're editing
or setting up stuff to edit later space
cop going to be a genre parody no it's
just already straight comedy
well here you guys don't even like
movies is that true yes that's funny
heydays true I really hate video games
okay all right all right we got this we
got this and for all the people in the
stream asking about e3 rich and I just
this afternoon shot an e3 video and if
it doesn't suck too much if it doesn't
suck too much it will okay it'll be up
on Friday and go okay sorry I should
have said go way sooner yeah yeah yeah
that's all right go we can do this we
can do this well dubstep okay ready and
that has spikes on it nope III was kind
of boring kind of and also not it's
tough because III is basically a big
marketing conference where we say it's
okay to market to us right and now you
know like it's it's basically us just
telling all the big video game companies
give us all your advertisements right
now we're ready for them
let's see cheaper for them to just post
all their stuff like like YouTube and
video that's what Nintendo did this year
oh right yeah yeah that seems like - a
giant waste of money to have this big
and in the days before of the YouTube
what not well and also the spectacle the
spectacle is something for games
journalists to write about you know like
it gives them an excuse to write a new
story about the same boring shit is it
like like comic-con has you know they
have panels they have previews of
upcoming movies and stuff but they also
have the convention floor with booths
and people selling things and signing
autographs I'm pretty there anything
like that at e3 I'm pretty sure it's
press only it's its press only but they
have demos they have a ton of game demos
and a ton of content for journalists
okay oh yeah oh my god oh my god yeah
but there's there is a ton of content
there and yeah they have a floor like
like comic-con all right you go first
cuz if we slightly off somebody's gonna
get hit by a spike sure but the dead the
dark we should have a different name for
that okay ready nope nice teamwork
that's fuckin teamwork wow that's a
thrill day yeah yeah I don't know where
that came from even if they remember
what that was what is that that's
tenacious and you remember eat them I
remember them yeah there was actually
all their little HBO shorts are now on
an Amazon Prime
oh great this Amazon Prime is all sorts
of HBO shift hmm so let those are on
there
they're like fooled fifteen minute
videos hmm not sales from the Crypt
though they need their aliens from the
crypts that would make me happy
all right you guys you got this yeah
second you see red do you got this
all right take a breather so now yeah I
remember like you have to almost oh wow
someone said tenacious d had a woman
2012 what came out
hold on oh it's you don't even know how
much you got this Oh
I'm not gonna jump when you're gonna
fall on the spikes oh don't give me that
look
well I think you know you have to jump
up you know like jump up there and then
go over dragon don't worry we have 900
more lives who someone says they just
added Tales from the Crypt that's sure
will be very heavy
nice nice ready and no teamwork teamwork
teamwork teamwork quick and good point
wait wait oh yeah okay I got it
it's the first time we were lucky yeah
the specimen congratulations us what
we're doing he's like what do you you
wait there while I go down and get the
key oh wait you know what I'll wait here
I can just jump up and get the door okay
yeah I'll give it a try
it's a second you see red big jump okay
big jump big jump big jumping big
jumping I'm big jumping style
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana all these old
school music references I'm old I
stopped listening to music in 1997 it's
true
do you like the Gin Blossoms I do
Little Miss can't be wrong if you want
to be Oh Oh what how I don't know it's
okay it's okay
Oh as long as one of us gets the key
yeah we have magic key transfer powers
I'll take that teamwork I'll take that
I'll take that
what's the other Gin Blossoms long uh
two princes and don't worry this is the
if you want to call me baby song right
now that was the other one Oh another
one
Oh God your spikes there the little miss
Loomis can't be wrong is that that's a
different song right you get past that
back it's like Ace of Base we're all
there's a little one on the big one and
big one
no solo one
okay now you know now you know we and
knowing is half the battle
nobody's ever said that before it's true
just make that up I did unique unique
unto myself
now that's Fox that's how someone same
ring in the band spins doctors and Gin
Blossoms confuse it doesn't matter
oh nice now wait this falls over it nice
nice
quick oh oh sweet yeah yeah you know
it's gonna fall yes let's plan this out
it's gonna fall and then we need to we
need to avoid the spikes as its falling
okay alright let's go yeah and we both
tried different paths to avoid no speed
run speed run oh sorry check that's
alright it doesn't hurt me I'm gonna
jump over you go first
okay ready yeah oh my god that was weird
are you guys planning on playing a new
game when you run out of lives yeah yeah
what are the games do have I know yeah
we have binding of issac we have which
rich has never played oh oh fuck
we have FTL which both rich and I have
played and we fucking love and rich has
a bunch of little games like ten-second
minja yeah plays a game called ten
seconds we can do that one next cuz that
wannabe really breathing okay yeah he
says that there in that second slot
that's a good job every level is no joke
how serious apparently every level is
ten seconds long oh let's really
function can't finish a sentence the
dark man counters a bad enough film to
be included No what's wrong with whoever
said fuck yourself son of a bitch man
rich oh my lord
dark man do you not have bad movies
Jesus Christ the dark man was terrible
it would be worth it just for the the
the scene and the carnival when he flips
out I had a big carnival barker and it
was like giving the fucking elephant why
don't we just watch Citizen Kane won't
work well now you're poison rich dark
man is no citizen gainer there's a lot
of fun I like dark dark man is a lot of
fun don't abuse blue thank you
they're big ones now he just does the
same thing Thanks take the fucking over
even Eason is hamming it up in that
scene it's so great
hamming it up in every scene when I
think of Liam Neeson is it wrong that
the first thing I think of this dark man
no no no I mean he's done plenty of
stuff but that was the first thing I saw
where I kind of knew who he was that was
before he was a bigger actor nice nice
range thank you
yeah you know like that's it's something
like I don't know if we've talked about
this on the tree well I don't like a lot
of people send here VHS is and like
movies that they want to be on best of
the worst but their movies like they
said like I just saw a box and someone's
like sent us Independence Day now what
it what are we gonna do it today what
what are we gonna do with independence I
had someone set aside I need to see that
one Jim oh fuck yeah and like sports
blooper tapes
oh look look at this shit that's great
okay listening and you might want to
send us the HSH don't send sports
bloopers apes we will never watch them
oh it's alright though it's okay we
appreciate people taking the time to
send us stuff that is true that is true
but sports blooper tapes are useless for
best of the worst
you can go under them but not over them
I don't understand this game under those
uh those folly bricks
yes nice oh my god you're going for it
you're going for it
good why not
a Troma episode the best of the worst we
probably would never do that because the
thermo movies are too self-aware yeah
that's another one where there
I think of horrors comedies than
anything wait by the door all right I
wait for the door here okay go on the
slow one okay and I think the slow the
short for the short hop yeah because it
hits the wall is actually and you get a
longer time I wonder it cuz it just a
ceiling wait just wait by the door I'll
go yeah okay how are you ready yeah send
us more new key tapes please oh we need
to gladly take more new keys we need to
probably what you think like a dozen
more new key tapes before before a very
special episode is ready at least this
is a neat game yeah I'm enjoying this
it's you know it is it's exactly what it
is John Waters episode now let's kind of
the same as from what yo you pressed
back oh it doesn't it that's weird right
there
give up no we already has a new book out
by the way it doesn't about hitchhiking
across America yeah
looking forward to reading it we started
hitchhiking across the America America
without telling anybody like there's no
press he didn't say anything about it
either hitchhiking and you wrote a book
about it yeah yeah yeah
all right so how many levels are there
in this game I don't know it just keeps
going I think though there are like five
worlds five stages five or six that's
what I've heard
where is the other knife guy well there
is he's he's proximity triggered some
jump jump so don't be jumping don't this
is probably a falling oh it's not you're
gonna have to get how do you get across
can you make that you can something's
gonna fall well Danny on the John Waters
book is carsick oh god I hate like
what's gonna kill how do you how do you
Oh Oh No
yes we talked about doing the Super
Mario Brothers movie unless of the worse
than shit that'll happen eventually
I'm probably fucked no no you try and go
right as you fall yeah but I don't think
I can make that jump
oh and I'll tell you one on why not that
big one you're probably gonna drop it
down that's a good place that was
amazing this one was is that it / no
that was me saying oh no oh how's he
going oh I thought you were her feet
while trying to say oh no those are the
grandfather and the Berenstein bears
talk like that was that my hair bears
but what the hair bear was hair better
is stupid they're a hit in AmeriCorps -
hair bears yeah not the care of it no
hair bears are kill Billy bears no
there's a cartoon show about them ha she
got a jump on that go back activate that
so you can jump on that as it's falling
to get across what the use teamwork
though oh yeah there we go team this is
we can both get up there yeah we're at a
time I guess cuz don't do it together we
get confused and fucked up yeah so you
go alright mmm Mike still like the
Simpsons does anybody still like the
Simpsons I'm fine with the Simpsons yeah
I'm fine right house like I've seen a
new episode in probably seven or eight
years yeah I'm okay with that
all right here we go you got down there
before so I'm gonna wait to drop this
okay
okay okay I got this I got this
and here we go drop that and you come
down with it
Oh God oh my god no yeah how people
other than you rich remember the hare
bears should knives
this is dumb alright yeah you would you
worry about jumping I'll shoot knives
after you wait wait no don't shoot
knives into my back no no I'll wait till
you jump it's your break did you hear
the button click I click the button we
hope yep no bread at a time this in my
owning this is not good
how do you I don't even know how you do
timing oh so you got a jump on that one
jump jump jump don't jump and jump and
then jump Oh My Jesus
oh my jesus fucking christ
what you guys that's a reference to the
Jerky Boys oh okay we're doing all sorts
of horribly dated references tonight
this is great gosh so how about them
wacky racers yeah I got this no yeah oh
yeah forever down to this one I got it
see I got it okay oh no I don't have it
oh it keeps falling
okay they're here they're doing a of
Sonic the Hedgehog movie yes and this we
did hear about fuck is it gonna be
animated like a CG thing I'm sure that
would be the only way that would make
sense right they uh there's also a
Ratchet and Clank movie oh my god yeah
hey do you know where adjutant blinker I
do baby
Wow I know a couple things Jay knows a
couple things couple things okay okay
wait wait wait wait when you can say
you're filming a horror movie after
space cop space cop is a horror movie at
least behind the scenes no we made a
horror movie a few years ago I don't
think we would be one again oh god okay
youyou take care of that I'll worry
about my own skin yep that's all right
back what
I was like a screamer that's the kind of
game this is and hey hey hey oh my god
okay yeah that your experience okay
that's right and oh yeah here we go here
we go and get there I gotta make this
jump I'm hard it's hard this game is
hard see this is a spot where two people
is an advantage check yeah
will there be a making of space staff
documentary Oh likely probably tons and
tons and tons of I'm listening footage
yeah are you ready I'm ready
all right
Jack I'm supposed to ask you about a
movie called the rollerblade seven yeah
that's remember I sent you
it's Frank Stallone about roller bladers
who fight people oh you said I didn't
look at the link I thought you said that
I did sent I I sent that to the group hi
oh thank you whoever's Anthony of that
link to the rollerblade seven we're
starting right the motherfucking stool
ah where we are big fans of Frank
Stallone yes second I need your bulletin
ready I'm ready
all right I'm sorry I'm ready look we're
talking about bring Stallone okay okay I
got this anyway to you jumping I'm gonna
throw knife we'll wait the swags come up
this is my name I got a 39 avoid that's
why all this so much to do
where's this bike up there yeah okay
just get up one level
no one know what how do you do this
I don't know rich
how do you do that I don't know oh wait
you push though you must be able to push
the box okay fuck this were figuring it
out yeah yeah key yeah cheeseburger yes
he did
I did it was a reference to a movie it
was a okay okay I got it this time I
totally got this time I'm not gonna die
I'm not gonna die not gonna die not
gonna die I'm not gonna die you you be
okay it's okay okay
oh I thought I was you again fuckers
oh the Robocop fan remake dick shooting
scene I wish I would have had a camera
on rich when I shoved that Jim for the
first time oh god yeah we haven't rich
Evans reacts video that scene is kind of
brilliant and perfectly perfectly
executed I watched that whole thing a
lot of its kind of painful but but it's
a couple of good segments in it but that
is by far the best how many things when
you see the flash that's when you
destroy it the last time it jumped how
many that many knives is dated destroyed
in box two
and wait okay now wait for the spikes to
come once then run where the spikes are
because there's a second set of spikes
in front of that oh they're not down
like motion sensors and you can and I
can do things all down fall down on the
block okay then jump off the right way
to get the crate does that blocks gonna
fall okay great great
so no oh yeah I got I got all right I'm
just waiting
I'm just waiting no you wait just to the
flash though I love the spike at the box
cause that's when you got the most time
I thought I did we okay okay okay and
wait wait wait for it wait
I'm ready I am ready I am ready I'm
ready
cheeseburger what movie is that a
reference to it's um a reference to
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs okay
I've never seen is that the same guys
that we're gonna do the lego movie huh
okay everybody loves those guys yeah I
don't think I've seen any movie that
they've been involved with it yeah Oh
both the cloudy movies are good like a
movie what else do they do they did some
other stuff that was good too Oh 21 Jump
Street yeah are they involved in the
second one do you know I don't oh yeah
that's why they're not making new leg
above they're just executive producers
how was what I've heard well that's 22
Jump Street the other one first oh you
got to hit that and go back down to the
lego movie you got it yeah you got it
you got it
I have not seen the lego movie but I
know objective rich F and they both like
it right yeah it's true yeah
no enthusiasm in your voice whatsoever
because I'm not it's great and if you
have any fond memories of Legos growing
up it will make you smile it will hurt
you in your heart hurt you I don't know
listen it's 8 o'clock what does that
where your kids are
it's 8 o'clock well let's do one more
level and then take a little break
oh my god oh my god the boulders jumping
oh fuck can't touch the boy we need an
earlier start
give me an earlier start can't touch the
boulders I can't have some boulders
can't touch the boulders shit go okay oh
my god oh my god okay if you get this on
your first try Jack I'll be amazed yeah
wait yeah keys the other way oh Jesus
Christ
okay we got this did you think there
would be a section in this game that
wouldn't make you say Jesus Christ you
know for a moment there I kind of did
okay I got this Oh Oh God we're back the
way you came woodwork up site oh I can
kill you Hey well the scorpion did
because I was stunned oh sorry I was
trying to kill the scorpion well you
killed me
I did I did and you know what I feel
kind of bad I don't don't worry but
kinda come on not not a hundred percent
nope nope nope nope this okay you go
oh shit what happened I didn't he turn
around freighted stone fire sure em the
same spot you go forward you try and
turn jack what what me again you got in
my way
I'm throwing knives since before you
were born
no you weren't throwing knives shut up
have you guys heard of the movie kill
mold but I have I'm guessing nobody else
has that's that it's a sequel to MoMA
zombie ass-kicker I think mova in fact
we gotta go paint those movies years and
years and years ago I was a webmaster
for his company oh my god and by company
I mean him they make movies with his
friend who is this here's a guy don't
know what I do know and you wouldn't
know yeah for a very brief period of
time I did his web design we're just
funny because I'm not good at that stuff
but I guess I was good enough name its
argument year
you know fine guys copy and those
scorpions fucking mean business okay
okay okay okay okay okay
jack is no good at video games black
ninja
we have not been in touch with the guy
who made black ninja but from what I
understand he has seen our episode on
his film ooh
black ninja have you seen black ninja
Jacob what was that just the episode
okay I guess you've seen all the best
stuff Thunder yeah there's no need to
see it anymore
yeah cuz I all I need is that song ooh
black ninja yeah there you go oh no oh
no they don't go don't care for that
guys coming up okay that's just one
right it's just one that's useful
information
oh my god things are getting crazy
things are getting Craig Craig fuck
fuckity fuck fuck fuck wait for me okay
okay I wanna stay up here oh I was
worried if like a boulder would could
hit you somewhere there and I got if I
won myself cuz stupid because stupid
yeah hey Roberts diddly other comments
on our ste something's got a pretty
sweet like no so different mmm he's
married to a sexy blonde saxophonist
black belts I kick your ass dress you
know he's got that going I'm sure even
if he didn't have multiple black belts
he could kick our ass probably true no
offense to us offense taken
oh but I said no offense yeah you can
say anything you want to do free prizes
it with no offense he's not how it works
no offense but you're the dumbest
motherfucker
haha no offense or with all due respect
if you use either of those you can get
away with anything
and no due respect that's the backhanded
one because maybe there's no due respect
now yeah wait for that first one best
Arnold Schwarzenegger my man I think you
have to do a little jump up and then
yeah oh no they're too distracted to the
game
oh sorry what's the question that
startled Sports Integra movie oh my god
he's got me predator
oh yeah so there's multiple ways to go
about that like best actual movie or the
sternal technically terminator but I
wouldn't say that's an Arnold
Schwarzenegger movie exactly like I
don't think the best Schwarzenegger
movie is commando just because it's so
fucking ridiculous oh that works because
of that down there but I can't make it
we have they done a good movie you have
to go this route alright yeah if you
have to go down there and then jump fly
hit the button that opened up how often
to those specs come up often this games
got me predator then predator predator
is a fucking awesome it's a great movie
the hair Terminator I don't know
but Terminator terminators less of a
Schwarzenegger movie and more of a
camera well but yeah sure don't say the
same thing about predator like that
would be a great movie without
Schwarzenegger and I think you could put
someone else in that role commando on
the other hands is the ultimate I'm sure
it's a nigger okay okay we thought every
talk about real movies are we talking
about Schwarzenegger oh it's Conan the
Barbarian
no when it is great there's a
documentary about John Milius the guy
your director that movie now he's a nut
just called no yes what about what about
Hercules Hercules in New York in New
York own super in fights a guy in a bear
costume that's great supposed to be a
bear and he's been up and over the whole
movie yeah although they didn't release
a DVD version with his original voice oh
really interesting and I think I don't
know if that's the option to watch
either version but oh I would back oh
well that's okay I've gone to our
special graphic
oh okay well hold on I guess we're
playing good level again no night
ah I can skip and we're just talking
here we're gonna take a break okay we're
gonna take a little break a break and as
soon as rich is done with this level
what's the plan change games or yeah
we're gonna change games what do you
want to play next we have I'd really
love rich to try out Binding of Isaac
because it's one of my favorite games
and rich has never played it um I would
just in general like to play FTL what
else do we have
gunpoint oh ho that's right we have
gunpoint we don't know if gunpoint works
we have some options we have or that
comes to you nice nice nice ten-second
ninja we can try next this chat chat at
us
Chad Addison's as to what you would like
to see I see an FTL already there's a
couple bunch of FTL's
oh my lord FTL we're not with FTL's
yes I'm looking forward to rebirth jesus
fucking christ it's gonna be a great
game it's gonna be the exact same game
but with smoother graphics it's gonna be
great
what is rebirth the new binding of issac
that's a game I really enjoy okay um
we're gonna take a little break we're
gonna run a commercial we're still gonna
be hanging out in the chat to answer
questions but we're also not gonna be so
that didn't make sense that didn't make
any sense
