Episode 030
XCOM Enemy of my Friend (Part 3)
August 23, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYJNJqyBKYs
___________________________________________

okay great live all right so that's
everything so now we go back to the
Mission Control all right yeah okay and
scan for activity not a lot happening Oh
a UFO yes there is a UFO flying over the
United States Oh No now they both do the
same thing but they're late so I mean
doesn't really matter what you pick
everyone go this is the one area of the
game they could probably improve on it
oh yeah yeah there's not much thought
that goes into the aerial bells they
just kind of happen for the most part
okay
I mean eventually you're gonna have to
upgrade weapons then they'll be some
ship new ships you can build but during
the actual combat section you're they're
not doing jack shit the only thing you
can do is work
sure so it looks like your guys about
that you see the red going yeah okay oh
I win okay see wasn't that fun no it's
just the one area to game that they use
a major overhaul I don't know why they
kept that so dumb oh yeah that was
really well you know the they had the
rest of the game to worry about it well
the rest looks great right it says like
I mean I think they're done upgrading
this one because they released the
complete edition sooner I wish there
might be some great girl mansion having
it go into FTL right there yeah some
kind of expansion to that aerial sure
magnifier uh-huh
commander yeah yeah all right strike
team strike team y'all the long war mod
improves aerial combat I'll have to look
into that more okay okay so we're gonna
oh yeah so you shot them I don't know
what's gonna happen here is you're gonna
send a Plane full of troops to go secure
the area okay so you can steal all of
the alien goodies oh yeah let's do that
all right we got all our jams here we
got my cutter chicken OB Gympie
synthesis all right launch mission
let's go commander let's go hi Oh
someone's asking about vanquish didn't
you do a game station on that it's a
horribly fun game okay we're gonna look
through the game station episodes on
your site or your bridge stock swap
angulation what about you asking about
just want me to talk about yeah if you
never do an episode on it
episode probably not but we might stream
it at some point there you go that's
what these dreams are for I think for
the most part the episodes are gonna be
for the most part newer games newer
games or important titles and was like I
recently saw someone just made an app
like an epic FTL review yeah that was
great
so it's like I would love to do
something like that but like really long
and deputy kind of thing well not even
it like it just it was just a review
about a game that is now two three years
old okay and but still offense a lot
much like this game still a faint oh my
god what am I
you're looking for a flying saucer you
would think it would that would be
really easy to find we voted on our
sampling I know I know but they're gonna
make you poke around for it
sure okay it's kind of like it's like
it's usually not behind you
but yeah well yeah all right I'm gonna
I'm gonna head over here I'm gonna head
I want to go in this rubble this rubble
seems like a nice place to go
actually most times it's usually
straight ahead straight ahead for the
most part yeah that rubble all right
let's go let's see what's over here
oh what's that that's what what is that
like a little arrow pointing us in the
right direction oh that's weird
that's weird it's not a game play oh no
that's an L oh that's a broken slide
okay why would they do that okay we're
gonna we're gonna cover our asses over
here I've never noticed that well they
help
here no way to get you over here it's
Kimberly bricks your sniper I think I
can't kind of kind of here at their
earphones Kimberly boys now I can like
point her out okay I'm just got a
distinct voice of those people who just
does like video game voice over she's
done anything else I'm not familiar with
it yeah she was Barbara Gordon and the
Batman games she was in Mass Effect but
other things
oh the Allspark is that way mm-hmm what
is this actually called um no it's milk
canister okay the MELD is I cuz I need
to stop going at the else part you've
got the else part thank you
well I want that melt so we are gonna
head
so we're here and I'm not gonna - I'm
just learning that's fine just looking
that's fine I just want to let you know
oh that's stashing - fucking everything
stashing cuz you're going around that
buckets in your blogs true that you got
cinder blocked oh good good my can we
move last there are Snipes I'm over here
I hate
what's over here oh I don't know dunno I
don't know what my hope level should be
no I told ya I'd make you do that one
alone no I just like I said Justin you
know you once I if it looks like I'm
really about to fuck up okay like with
that shield that 5% shield Jam you know
thank you that was the right call oh
yeah yeah yeah overwatch you know what I
just want to move you a little closer
because everyone else is in overwatch so
I can get you little are you loving a
jack oh oh well there we go
oh hey am i loving it
uh yeah I am I'm so alien czar over
there Allspark is over there I don't
necessarily oh my god oh good oh wow
that's okay that's okay
not good okay oh I said oh good and he
goes Oh Leon Oh Oh what you panicked you
got shot Oh No
Chaim panic what the fuck guys Oh No
I thought you were soldiers I'm sorry
you find a fucking alien horde I'm not a
trained soldier raise this fuck he's
over here somewhere
Oh fucking fucking hell okay okay what's
what's what's going on with your sniper
my sniper might be in panic
oh no she's over here she's in very bad
cover yes boss
can I hit anyone change my sniper rifle
no I can't I can't um I can move my
sniper here I would go one over to the
left
so what venom oh no no next to that oh
yeah yeah I would go on that buck
let's go over here nope okay okay
so no fish all right Oh God okay don't
panic I'm not panicking I'm panicking
you might see she's fine just take a
pistol-shot
or did she reach with a grenade I have a
55 percent sniper 25% critical what she
move she shouldn't be able to show you
she got promotion huh did she get a
promotion maybe I can June that's all I
know
oh no you didn't take that it's not the
headshot you didn't take snapshot over
did you promote her no no no this is a
regular shot not a headshot see the
headshot Oh Oh
coz you hope it's grayed out nevermind I
can do a regular shot okay okay
that's that's okay well you can only
switch to the pistol you can't shoot
with a sniper then I had this and she
moved yeah try do it no thanks hello oh
yeah okay here right you can okay I
would see if you can reach her that
grenade just to just see if you can't
don't throw it just we're gonna see if
you can
I don't you can't there's it there's
another guy over here can't reach him
either so it's a moot point okay okay
let's see what's going on with your
assault guy see this guy
oh there's anything over there I
couldn't have a running gun I do have a
running gun what kind of cover we got
over here can you get all the way up
there huh get on four past the iliad
even up normally like in that wall there
where's the other alien oh yeah I could
go here is Yu Balian from behind and
then you get in they can't get inside
there can't get inside and no we're okay
you know where I would go
why would you go because I'm gonna help
me out want now because that does to
panic is there I'd go there shoot the
exposed one okay so then we have to do
after you'll make sure you do the
running gun yeah running gun first
it was something about speed of death
you just said so go here you did I'm
badass McGee and I stick things like
that yeah apparently I go up and over
oh I had there was the second level oh
fuck I could have just stand up there so
now oh yeah that's great yeah I love
assaults I love them so much I'm just
gonna try cuz it's like hunker down
hunkered down has a 55% shot and with a
pistol you can't kill him you you might
critical but it's so unlikely I'm going
down OH
what does that mean trying to pull back
if he's running away
oh good knows he knows that you're a
salt could flank him easily yeah all
right all right I know your guys
panicked anymore so that's good yes okay
okay I have guided you out of that storm
give rich the next metal net rich is the
real robotics calm rich is helping too
much listen Jersey Jack play the game
the way you want yeah dog the way I want
gets food gets me killed I can get up
here there's no cover I'm bad is that if
there's no cover
bad bad yeah oh yeah I can go here
the aliens behind you so you're
effectively like what no Kofi are you
playing classic classic go here with him
damn you can't move shoot anyway so you
could
I want my sniper up here okay
okay oh I got a circuit and some of
these guys ranked up yeah
and we're going we're doing it yeah go
here right here not be careful because
when you're moving around like this you
might alert other aliens which you
definitely do not want right now right
now we're just gonna I just want to get
closer to them he's gonna be in half
cover if you do that okay that's okay
the alien ran away well fuck them
oh he's moving up okay great I not
thought the Allspark was right there
running around shooting at you hey hey
hey guess what we're gonna calm down
that's myth number one what's on the
other other side that wall oh yeah
that's good cover over here but I have
more cover over here
I would imagine well you can't you
probably don't have a good line of sight
from there right you probably you can go
there you'd be covered great they
wouldn't be able to shoot you you can't
shoot then also look to your right just
play on the camera around over here and
the camera around to your right warum
that way you see that like that glow
yeah there's the alien ship right done
oh great good what does that mean and
I'd be careful about getting too close
to that why you've got aliens running
around sure because there's probably
also aliens in the flying saucer so I
changed my mind about going to the other
side yeah I'm gonna be a bad idea okay I
mean I like this side this side seems
safe okay
now let's switch back don't know we have
our sniper can she get a shot I mean I
can only male fifty for her it's not the
worst not the worst ah she's got a
height advantage which I think gives her
extra cover now let's see what happens
you're gonna make a bad shot when they
say I can't believe it you are having
terrible work well it sounds terrible
I'm okay I'm terrible look we don't want
to get too far with you but I could I
could people want you to stop helping
rich why should I be here at all that
you can answer questions people can
settle down rich is helping me and if I
don't want him to help I will tell him
not to help you answer questions the
comments are all shit like rich has a
big dick it's not gonna lead to a great
conversation yeah
and rich loves this camp that's all
right okay I have a bit of a plan okay
well let you explain your plan for the
for the sake of the people watching the
stream for the sake of the people
watching the stream so I got I got this
I got shotgun McGuirk over here my god I
guess this is assists oh I can still
move synthesis is a freelance reference
was it was a student whatever was his
name
I think was Stu McGuirk he shoots evil
in the face nice lucky you what are you
okay oh no I have never heard of slug a
freelance no shotgun McGuirk is just a
name that I came up with I want it done
what I know I know I know I can't get it
anyway so it doesn't matter memorize
anybody in bad cover huh is anybody in
bad cover
ah the only the lady upstairs I'm just
so but I have three taken aliens and
then this here lady is gonna flank
she'll get me my flank alright so he
does have her grenade - yeah he's got a
grenade oh and he's a smoke bomber now I
forgot it are dense it doesn't do
anything for offense Oh
make sure ilion's don't get in the smoke
area because they'll gain the benefits
oh okay oh oh they mind melded oh oh
you're coming too close I got you
oh my god she's dead she's dead
technically she's only injured right now
but we don't have a med kit so we can't
help her she died we have to find a way
to end this mission in three turns
somebody go everybody oh she's not dead
yet but she will
I don't think there's any way you're
gonna we're gonna save her save her yeah
sure
can always blow this chump up but then I
have the blow one up and I don't like
that she had his fly I hold on to it
yeah probably can't get him with a
grenade from here No all right we're
just we're getting our plane could you
have taken a regular shot I could but it
was that like 30% okay she's got
terrible aim then yeah so this guy
though I got no running gun already use
that bangs it again um you haven't
usually it was a fireman but not use
that word spent two terms yeah got a
cool down but it's not that long sure
can you tell what a guy mind mulling him
is coming from just out of curiosity is
it where is he
oh he might be up he might be the one
that's up hey well one went up yeah so
theoretically though I could run him gun
and shoot this guy right in the face and
you'll get we can't shoot up to the wall
no no I'll be over here well this the
gun is mine Mulligan though we'll shoot
you on the next turn I thought they both
died you know only the one that's
sending the power to the other one oh so
if I shoot him you shoot him the one
that's getting juiced up die step
gotcha okay I can't I can't hit him from
here
alright alright we can do this I can fit
I can figure this out
hey where's your other guy my uh he's
over here he's indeed you know what he
is he's useless he's useless cuz I was
playing him safe
he's got smoke
bring him like I bring him this way so I
don't want to get too close to the alien
ship um it's what you're saying because
if I guess yeah
then aliens if I have a very good reason
why you should okay and she can only be
stabilized if I had a med kit if I just
be up to her you would have to you have
to get all of the aliens dead right and
end the mission right you say that's not
gonna happen right okay okay okay oh hey
you know what I know I told you not to
use the rocket I don't like the idea of
using it it's it's really it's the best
thing I have Thank You alien I know I
know you're gonna need it coming up
though oh I can't i over watched her Oh
Oh God yeah yeah you know what I'm
that's terrible that's tear over
watching over what can you see anyone
huh can you see anyone no no no there so
nobody has a line of sight on him either
okay what's you what's your other guy's
situation yeah just wait he's just back
here being a fuck he's low on health
yeah yeah you said being a fuck so over
watch him and
can you even do I get him on the up huh
yeah yeah let's smoke him
no I'm not here oh yeah I would I could
get him here nice Dylan me I would start
moving him around to the other side away
from the spaceship away from this guy
hunker down in that one corner there
it's one hour yeah overwatch Eddie
overwatch they don't have my side yeah
all right
Haley a move let's see what they do what
are you gonna do
nope
oh they may sorry okay did they just
recover though they might have fuckin
what's that this beeping oh that's your
dying sniper man
well no no they hid he missed her yeah
he destroyed her covered she's exposed
okay so you know what we're moving
probably if I get over here I might be
able to get a shot on both of them try
alrightlet's is there and hop I can go
to state state at all cover oh yeah all
right yeah that's good let's try here
wonder if I can
oh you know what can i carnate him both
now or no I can grenade one oh I can't
move my camera to see if I hit him all
right no I don't have you won't die we
want some deaths he can die yeah you're
gonna destroy her son guys cover but he
can move yeah I can do he's not over
watching I think I see now just time
just started um and we could also try
and save your rocket use the grenade and
take the weaker guy out I could get both
of them with a rocket
okay we are you dead calculate yes
calculating ciao Oh riches can get two
of the rocket or one with a grenade do
it do it
your rocket no you got alright something
to keep in mind with the rocket okay
yeah grenades 100 percent chance to land
where the game says they are now aim
with that that rocket launcher I moved
first I can't even write them oh you
moved all right um okay great great
sorry guys this is getting intense
just make sure you kill him I don't way
to do this without destroying cover okay
alright ready yeah doing it she who
wrought it alright now we're gonna need
to move that salt somewhere safe right
we can move him around here do it
no I didn't think you would have line of
sight going around the corner that side
all right
hey no he missed that's good oh oh
that's what happened okay
my 30% that's nothing take it take it
take it or hunker down or make one of
those unlucky shots too early huh all
right
fuck that alien fucking fuck up Brighton
it's alien this is whole don't do that
kit is that an option in the game is
that right next to hunker down okay so
now we go back we I want to go to the
alien ship there's another guy running
around we trust me jack we want to kill
him first okay okay all right so then
I'm gonna move this fuck up Oh
where can I go what's up here is any
good you're not going up there I'm just
seeing a good cover just seeing if
there's good cover I want some cover and
there's none I can go here go to the car
and hunker down
go to the car and hunker down for this
one off hunker down hunker indeed get
here and hunker in dead and ogre all
right
aliens activity oh my god oh she's gonna
play too
yeah just okay
we can go here or we can run here but I
think I'm gonna oh I know
I got ya we'll play it safe we'll go
here no targets available okay all right
that's fine all right
and then we'll over watch her move
everybody else first and over watch the
last just in case something should come
up sure you might need an extra gun I
can't be can't be where are you going
where is the alien I think he's up here
baby you got a running gun right if you
move in there you get retreat he might
be on overlying there's no great option
no there's no great option don't get too
close to the sorceress all I'm saying
okay I will not get too close here
though I'll take this half cover here
okay see if there's anything over here
where you go where did he go why don't
men Oh
oh is that him where nope
I thought this was then no that was the
other melt oh I didn't go I don't know
let's let's I could hunker reload right
out here I'm told about Hamel yeah you
see you're done you got on the bottom
right yeah you see how that bar is
half-full yeah your analyst hatful you
get four shots before you have to reload
okay you have infinite reloads okay
so don't you know what no you're in
they'll die in one hit though and your
and a half cover I would hunker down but
if there's a safe time to do it later
sure we're gonna reload okay I just wipe
just something to keep an eye on
everyone gets four bullets except for
the heavy they get three okay because
they were their gun needs so much ammo
you know yeah oh yeah he's up there yeah
yeah oh is that so
it's something in the back corner that
okay we just saw first let's hang on
that great that great she sees him does
she hit him did she hit him I don't know
I don't know nope all right
I was exciting though yeah it was
exciting how you couldn't see anything
okay he's behind that thing oh my cows
killed
Oh a new path and because my cows killed
we got one panic oh we are to panic and
no nope this is doing great all right
since this is you are our only hope
so he's over here now we know that we're
always behind the the old milk canister
right okay but oh my guys because their
panic they can't do shit they can't do
shit but he's over here they're not
dashing with him no I'm not bashing I'm
just we know right where he is right you
just can't do anything the bottom no all
right well then we're gonna just go over
one over watch okay
that's what we're gonna do I should have
had my camera net oh now you're good you
just needed that you just needed a
little moment you fuck
wait don't what what there's no because
she's a heavy yeah she's not the best
person to move first because of the
rocket because she can't shoot the
rocket after a move okay I wouldn't move
her first yeah I'd be careful with him
moving him first cuz he's got little
health the aliens on overwatch and he
gets hit he's dead sure so I would move
the assault post yes salt first
giimpse alright gimps come here ready
OOP somebody says try winning jack oh
you know you're right Oh what does that
mean wait you got blinked but it's bad
these far away 70% critical but 34 to
hit now it's yours
so if you get hit with that 34 it's a
critical hit but no you could do
switch to your pistol yeah it'll be a
critical so you might you might be able
to kill him
70 percent ahead 70 percent to hit 52
critical all right how about nope okay
but now we know where he is
yeah so I couldn't get him there you'll
probably still be like to think oh yeah
you got another shot all right 72 hit 62
Kristi Leung can save our ass
Leonce SSSs I love this game
okay I regroup everybody reload
everybody and we're gonna make our way
to the saucer okay I'll move you here
whoa oh yeah that was the dash cam that
comes up every now and then it's
somewhat random reload everybody okay
yeah that's so good so we can reload you
I'll switch back to that shotgun
you can't the pistols infinite ammo so
I'm just here no you're safe for now
okay
not gun now we reload reloading second
okay and then reload reload assault
rifle
I bet Leon's happy that he got that kill
and then reload LMG locked and loaded
alright so now we make our way to make
our way cautiously to the alien
spacecraft okay be cautious mr. Doran
detect yeah mmm no I mean the closed
door
alright we're yep alright you see with
scroll up you see that that that thing
there that yeah yeah that's the door
it's closed so if you sneak up on the
door they won't see you coming with the
slicer done this some of you can yeah
that's the door that's a closed door so
that's the one if you can get over there
without them seeing you
yeah it's the important part sure it's a
good thing okay well let's see
see hey let's you know let's see we're
gonna be a little like this is not a
good place to be but if they don't see
me it doesn't matter
yeah all right when the aliens see you
yeah they will all automatically go and
cover they don't they don't instantly
shoot sure well then I'm just gonna
fuckin - oh well you might activate a
one-year - sure it's the only problem
with that I just mean between turns I
don't think you can die I could - over
here you go now the other they say
leave him there trust me trust me my man
with a flint okay I believe you
overwatch and she dashed so she's got
nothing
oh okay and they're coming from inside
the ship I know that okay
keep making her cautiously around there
okay go this way you go again let's do
that
cautiously better no further further
okay far away from that open door as
possible good good good
this is all working this is I'm sure for
everyone a very exciting team of us
talking and making lots of jokes this
one everyone should I get to it already
right this is the this is the problem
with playing like a real game like this
fucking sneaking around any play Mario
Kart yeah yeah next Wednesday we're
gonna do a fun stream
we're gonna bring Mario Kart and Super
Smash Bros fun this is fun for you and
me this is fun for you guys yeah other
people in the chat board I don't know
are you people bored in the chat please
answers are you bored I'm personally
kind of bored yeah okay he's he's in
position for now leave it man yes he's
right were where we wanted okay great
I'm just gonna overwatch a night
yeah I know you're coming from in there
we don't okay so you we're gonna we're
gonna keep making our way here I think
that assault is our ace in the hole
sure I could - though yeah he probably
could here yes
okay I'm just gonna - and be here at a
shirt
all right here we go here we go here we
go
you just over watching yeah well don't
well over watch last night Justin kiss I
think she'd go wrong yeah like it's
gonna be close to the door or so okay go
there okay good okay good so now
overwatch and overwatch all right all
right now our our heavy hitter yeah
we're gonna put her right next to the
closed door okay this is gonna be
swat-style jack
okay why do you want me to - there go to
that one for now this one for now yeah
now you want me to overwatch it you
won't be dead ah you want me to get like
cuz I can't overwatch is just in case
just in case of some it's fubar okay
this state yeah okay inch him next to
her I can learn I'm not on the close eye
on the far side okay okay oh my god oh
my god the alien flight computer would
be goodness yes there are goodies okay
okay okay okay
for watch you
I just hate hey guess what giimpse
you're doing great doing great you're
just hanging there for a second
okay now take the the not her don't go
around on that side you can move him
first okay have him go around to one
side of that door they can go like right
there right here right next to it no no
the other cover side okay very like away
over there right no no no because he
won't have a line of sight on everything
there he's going there oh okay okay that
was close - that's why we left her
assault there though this
oh my sin the Lord it's a being of
almost pure energy
yes all right now we can't do this
swat-style now but that's that's why we
left our assault guide back we're gonna
running gun go up right next to that
fucker flank him and blow the brains out
of his head all right running gun just
like Optimus Prime just like Optimus
Prime I make sure he's a flank when you
do this I was that not gonna flank him
Oh eating it right there okay yeah yeah
go right behind his ass and and blow his
brains out as he's begging you for mercy
okay so yeah right here there how do we
know these flanks because it's behind
him there's no cover behind him okay you
use your eyes well sure
though I should be a critical and this
should kill him I just want to hang out
here for a second just like so what's
going on Aaron this is the thing I love
about these types of games where he felt
turn-based and so I can just hang out
with this alien for a while um what are
you uh what are you doing yeah okay all
right well I kind of thought we gonna
save everybody but we didn't we did no I
lost someone or not I lost so that's the
beauty of ex-con is it yeah we lost a
sniper though that's bad that is bad
yeah win poof okay guys get behind this
ass go right behind is that 2014 there's
a memorial bro
we're sorry hey my AK one you did good
a little while and then you died Mike my
ghost will forever haunt prereq life
defenders metal yep and this is a juvie
gym a one
okay assigned power never panic as a
result of allies getting wounded or
killed or medkit and restorative missed
healed to HP more when used on the
soldier well obviously we want no panic
right now yeah yeah because our our
bitches are panicking all the time yeah
all right see here who panicked I want
to say I want to say Kenobi was the
panic err yeah well give me all you
don't way to tell go through them all
click on click on sir gimpy
oh don't out for the middle I'll go back
we can we gonna sign the middle later
okay I just go to the the barracks view
soldiers now click on mister gimpy so
Sergei I'm sorry
alright his will is only 32 next soldier
34 I guess in the random boat that's
about average sure so sir GIMP is that
who needs it yeah yeah I mean but we
also need a new recruit yeah let's go
through recruits and see who has good
aim
Tara what about a mutation aim 55 John
kilo I'm 75 75 guess who's joining the
team john kano 3 starting 75 that's
great 1060 yeah besides John Keeler wins
so bored let's give John kilo the medal
Oh before that let's see if he survives
to get a promotion no sure okay John
kilo well 37 actually these are women
and John kilos not gonna need it as much
as others anyway so I'd give it to
whoever whatever one of your ranked guys
as the Lillis will that's probably who
should get in so is that one the 32 yeah
Louis give it to them
yes 75 is outrageous
award the medal to sir gimp at their
lowest yeah yeah dog keep it up okay
okay
little Milo moving right along so we
ain't got shit to do so Mission Control
yep
damn Oh Oh alien materials research
project complete assigned new research
absolutely yeah materials ooh we get
nano fiber vests available for
manufacturing so that's that's coming in
yeah I mean okay
it's a I'll take it okay Ark for
priority weapon fragment carapace or MOU
carapace armor 40 days though oh god
geez maybe after you know what do the
weapon fragments first animal see what's
there sectoid an autopsy something quite
remarkable we're detecting cause of non
biological matter embedded you pay
attention how many days it takes to
research 12 days 40 days so if we didn't
get some scientist as a reward all of
that would be a good thing okay next
time on abduction mission comes up like
you might come into a situation where
you really need scientists yeah but
there's also a mission in like Africa
which is about to go into full panic
that's only giving you like something
you don't need sure so you have to make
it this isn't you want to take care of
the panic or do you want to go for the
resource you gave all right I expected
that would be a priority research topic
okay
begin and we're still building shit
right okay great
alright let's uh go back to Mission
Control then it's a slow month well you
know waiting for aliens oh I'm back in
go got no submission ok Osaka Japan oh
yeah come on Argentina you ain't got
nothing
Halil France so obviously we gotta go
sorry I know it's not obvious you got
yeah I see at some point you're gonna
have to cut a country loose it's true
it's sure all they do the scientists
though yeah cuz look at little French
well Lilly friends a happy new recruit
sergeant that's like two ranks above
anybody you have oh ok so that's not a
bad thing for you at this point but huh
and another thing to keep in mind with
this Japan thing yeah look at the
mission difficulty very difficult yes Oh
for science I know I know I want the
scientists but I'm afraid you're gonna
get just destroyed oh this is exciting I
what I like this do you want to make no
I have made probably the wrong decision
who was it John Q oh yes John kilos
joining the ranks oh no and we can also
uh you can build a a nano fiber vest oh
right well we're building the satellite
but do it yeah but as far as like items
yeah that doesn't give you much defense
well you have to yes actually
no not well the scientists invented it
but you have to actually go to the
engineers and have them build something
- right cost money right right oh yeah I
know I'm just just looking through it we
don't have anything for anybody yet not
really okay
all right let's do this we got two rooks
oh we got two is there Oh because all
the other the other one diamond one
wrong we lost a sniper we still got the
assault the heavy in the support oh okay
well then I'm wrong then all right let's
go let's go let's go let's go let's go
get a med pack you get a med pack you
know I don't know the med techs quite so
vital until you get better Armour when
people die so easy okay neutralize all
hostile targets located secure meld
canister yeah we haven't been doing so
good with the melt that's okay that's
okay all right let's do this let's do
this let's do this let's do this damn it
dump the clip she looks miserable
miserable I don't wanna have you try and
play this game Jackson Ironman game
that's oh yeah play it cool knows I'd
start making your way forward yeah keep
in mind who you're moving all times
because that's your heavy and like I
said that's snipers and heavies I try to
avoid moving them first because they
have abilities that you can't use that
for you move oh sure okay I'm with him
all right everyone move
Leon and sir who's our sniper dead
we don't have one anymore oh all right
let's go then if if no a kilo your dong
kilo yeah if they rank up to a sniper
you're gonna have a sniper absurd aim
that's great
how do we make him a sniper okay the
first the first for rank ups you get
they go you get one of each after that
it's random random okay okay let's go
there's a building up yeah Kenobi is our
heavy so we don't want to move him first
sir gimps somebody quoted you who's our
sniper and then they said LOL how cuz i
kill him yeah yeah whatever
Jay tell us how to pronounce your last
name bombing bomb and ball now Baumann
I'm not going up here I'm just looking
oh my god you can just turned off the
gaming system in the middle of the game
no I would not do that do you have a
decent chance of getting them no
canister do it JC save us all oh my god
come on there I'm not going there I just
want to know what the aliens thank you I
think you should go here not I think I'm
gonna go here cuz then I got at least
something running now keep in mind John
kilos a valuable asset for the future of
your organization I don't want to get
them killed
okay okay okay alright I would move
somebody up a little bit so that might
possibly reach that can next turn I'd go
on the other side of that even closer
side I don't know if I can get on that
side come on over here well oh yeah I
can go over here but then I'm way
exposed so I'll go right here alright
how far okay okay there we go
oh alright Oh sneaky sneaky shit like I
thought we'd be able to get it but
that's not gonna happen you don't even
need to worry about this I got this I'm
fucking locked up everybody Jack's going
crazy of that either or not you're not
bashing him anywhere no those aliens
shut up I'm gonna - I'm right fucking
next to the aliens you don't even know
has lost his mind
you don't even know how much I got this
you can use this okay okay okay
everyone's really good cover I guess but
don't get out of here why can't I move
anyone else did everyone else is already
on overwatch he moved everybody oh well
there you go there you go
okay that's not bad okay
Oh oh he isn't sight unless I got oh
okay oh I got this I got this
I know what I'm doing I know I'm doing I
mean I don't but um I know we're not
getting the milk caster that's not gonna
touch oh my god fuck oh my god fuck no
you're not you're not okay stay with me
or jack okay take good back go back to
your heady oh don't move her though go
back to her okay okay click on that
rocket washer see where you what you can
hit I don't think I can hit
okay but I've got a a wacky idea you got
well okay wacky idea okay take that
support mmm
yeah we're gonna cancel this school
every sport okay
cubes not games not games yeah him
leon's SSS move right on that one corner
next to the garage door yeah yeah yeah
do it all right
open the drawers door okay go back to
the heavy okay
well now go back to the rocket can you
shoot through that open door and back
there can you be can you do that it's
that kind of work
looks like I'll get one alien all right
all right
oh wait oh I'll get two aliens no witch
yeah okay I'll get those back too it's
worth doing you think it's worth doing
it's worth doing I know yes good I'm
just looking
I'm just looking all right now with the
support of that moved yeah go back to
him okay what kind of shop does he have
any exposed 180
you'll need a critical but take it take
it take it and take it oh okay I know I
would do next but I'm giving you too
much advice I'll let you have fun let
you have fun oh shit
we took we took a bad situation and we
made it work yeah yeah we will have one
alien left right right now - there's one
giving him the mind meld
just keep mine that's a - if you want to
go back there yeah I know I'm just like
I mean there's still one behind the
building so yeah I'm just looking see
what we got here oh oh that's right oh
oh we got all sorts of gems up here no
cover
somebody said bow that's strategy which
happens you're scaring me rich you
master I just love it this is great
this is great
they're going on in the exposed room -
you just snatch defeat from the hands of
victory yeah that's probably worth it
working for Ritchie's reaction okay all
right we got this we got this
I apparently I have to help you know
here it's Jana
you're gonna running on him okay go on
the other side of that Mel container
where he's flanked you and rooks you go
right there
yeah thanks yep I groups all right can
you activate the melt collect the mill
you can still shoot kill that you know
roofs are probably the most important
part of a building I think they are so
so there's that
promotion that's good oh thanks pulling
back no he's not oh god he's go back
it's fine
look you got so fucking life you got so
fucking lucky that's really that's
really true okay I don't want him to
retreat I don't want to annoy I want to
shoot him um okay so if I go here I
really good I can move here yes what
kind of shot you have eighty do you have
somebody else that can kill him if this
goes horribly wrong
um what is what is where where's
everybody else
so he's Bekir but he said I can move her
here and yeah he kill um move her as
close as you can okay
I'm not there yeah here but she's
totally I well we want to make sure this
guy's dead one way or the other at the
end of this turn anyway so I'm gonna
move there okay okay okay
she and grenade range ooh maybe if I'm
just thinking what your backup plan is
if your shot with John kilo goes back
sure I saw you if this goes bad we can
you can run it
absolutely so you I gave you permission
to take that on your game then I am
trying desperately to take oh do I need
to go throw cold water yeah hey guys
this is how I roll
this is exactly how I roll living on the
edge I'm living on the edge living on
roofs oh I'm going someone was saying
earlier that the best part of the
building is the door and that's I'm a
roof guy um oops
or ever that's tough because it's like
doors are how you get in right yeah but
roofs keep the rain oh okay all right we
found the next groups of aliens and rich
is not here to guide me oh my god
somewhat hard so when I was died oh god
someone might die yes I am a roof man
that's right I have a roof man
okay alright alright thank you
now fuck walls walls whoa whoa
Bruce briefs are where it's at baby got
70% chance of hitting him oh wait can I
turn invade their asses
what would rich Evans do oh oh I can
create a couple of them if I move but
let's move my other guys first let's do
what rich Evans would do okay all right
that's my cover right over here okay I
can move here
we're saying shit without walls oh you
know what J true dat
yeah but walls aren't gonna keep snow
out in winter oh damn dog and I guess
you don't need walls for a roof you
could have just sticks yeah yeah that's
what a gazebo is J just wants a gazebo
y'all I'm gonna live in a gazebo she
just wants to live in a gazebo you have
you heard about the tiny house movement
people that live in tiny houses
no I documentary about on Netflix bunch
of fucking morons how's this about to
say I want to live in a tiny house rich
well well now I would not want to live
in a tiny house but I do think it's
interesting what is the tiny house
people living in tiny houses like
ridiculously tiny hmm like a closet
almost sure yeah that's weird
it's it's uh yeah it's it's you know
they need to simplify their life in the
middle just have the bare necessities of
what they need and they live in a tiny
house and then a 10% critical if you
guys shoot one shoot the one whose mind
merge you doing the mind merging on the
powerful one you know so 70 oh he's
exposed though I take that back I need
to move first no matter what like here's
my plan rich okay that's kind of buying
time until you got back my plan was to
move here and I thought I could probably
grenade the two that are mine mouth
that's good plan that is a good solid
plan okay
what that's me freaking out
no Oh where'd it go oh I can't hit one
if I hit a but I like it hit these to
tell ya but tiny house wouldn't fit
Rich's gigantic dick yeah oh I'm sorry
it just left this cut short to get back
into the video game into the video game
into the video game into the video game
into the video game
