Episode 047
FT...nope checkers
September 9, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxfmlRdawMI
___________________________________________

Jay: We don't know what happened to Rich Evans.
Jack: We don't...I'm reading, John Kilo, I'm reading your resume right now, and so far enjoying it. Hold on.
Jay: I don't, I don't refuse to look at Deadly Premonition. We just haven't. But people keep saying if I like Twin Peaks, I should play Deadly Premonition, so...Oh, favorite Kubrick movie. Oh...that's a tough one. You know, I'm probably gonna have to say The Shining, just cuz I'm a horror guy, and I love The Shining. 
Jack: I think it's good.
Jay: He's made some good movies, though, that Stanley Kubrick.
Jack: The Shining...
Jay: You know what I love, that a lot of people think is, like, one of his least movies, is the Eyes Wide Shut.
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: I love that movie, yeah.
Jack: I think maybe I saw that too late.
Jay: I saw it, I saw it opening weekend. I'm so glad I got to see a Kubrick movie in the theater, cuz that when I was old enough to where I could.
Jack: Oh, no. I meant too late in my life, like, before that, I just, like, watched all of the classics. 
Jay: Oh, sure.
Jack: All the Kubrick classics. And then, like, it is a bit of a, a jump from the classics to...
Jay: Well, it's a different type of movie. I'm a big fan of, uh, uh, like, Dark Night of the Soul-type movies. Like, a lot of that, most of that movie takes place over the course of one night.
Jack: Yeah, yeah.
Jay: It's, uh, Tom Cruise just, you know, walking the streets at night, and, yeah, it's really, like, seedy, and I like that kind of stuff, so...
Jack: All right.
Jay: I like that movie a lot. 
Jack: I like...
Jack: And, of course, the, the costume party orgy is just one of the best scenes he's ever filmed.
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: You like what?
Jack: Oh, oh, I was just, I was, I didn't know you were done with that yet. You know, I, I also like what, when he went into the costume shop, right, and then that actress is there.
Jay: Oh, Leelee Sobieski.
Jack: She offers herself to him, and then he comes back later, and her father's in on it. Yeah, yeah, it looked neat.
Jay: She's, she's hiding in the closet with two half-naked Asian men.
Jack: Neat.
Jay: It's a good movie.
Jack: It is. I was gonna say, from a technical standpoint, Barry Lyndon...
Jay: I've never seen Barry London, actually.
Jack: It's very boring.
Jay: That's fine.
Jack: Much like most Kubrick.
Jay: I was gonna say, it's Kubrick. I'm sure it's slow.
Jack: The, but the story behind Barry Lyndon is, uh, Kubrick wanted to shoot it, shoot it with all-natural lighting.
Jay: Hm.
Jack: Top piece lighting, which is all candlelit.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: And so he needed a lens with a low enough f-, f-stop, to only light his scenes with candles.
Jay: Hm.
Jack: And so he actually got a replica of the lens they used on the moon.
Jay: Oh, my god.
Jack: Because that, they needed it, incredibly...
Jay: Is that partially where the, the myth that Stanley Kubrick filmed the fake moon landing...
Jack: Yes.
Jay: ...is that where that comes from?
Jack: Yes. that is where that comes from.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: And so, you know, watching Barry Lyndon, just from, like, a camera operator's standpoint is beautiful.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: It's, it's just a beautifully-shot movie, all with natural light.
so yeah I've got a
couvert box I like it's in there I just
haven't watched it take a day yeah
that's great you could have dinner with
any of his movies like you have to set
the day aside to what watching and
watching Magnolia or something like this
is what I'm doing today yes this is a
green will make a nice lunch and then
the rest of my day will be filled with
watching this movie Oh Green Green you
know the shining you know you just
hearing you call that a horror movie
it's so not it's so great that's it's I
mean it's not what psychological it's
it's essentially a horror it's a
thriller
yeah I don't like those labels when they
call it like Silence of the Lambs as a
psychological thriller that's a four
movie shining is great shine is great
yeah I just you know I don't know I'm
sure people are already typing yeah I
add a thing the other night where I
don't know what started it but I was
thinking about Shelley Duvall because
she's great in that movie yeah really
good actress she's also kind of
funny-looking
I was like what the hell ever happened
to Shelley Duvall that's a good question
so I looked her up on IMDB she hasn't
been in a movie in over a decade and
before that her roles were kind of
sparse where's she
she was olive oil she was olive oil in
the Popeye movie yeah but where's
Shelley Duvall was she doing these days
what happened to her did she retire
okay do you know where Shelley Duvall is
was the shining her last big thing no no
she did stuff all throughout the 80s um
actually her last maybe not her last but
one of the last bigger things she did
was a movie called home fries do you
remember this movie with Drew Barrymore
and Luke Wilson came out when I was in
high school oh she placed your
Barrymore's mom in it is that the one
where Drew Barrymore has to go back to
high school no that is not a quarter uh
what's the name of that movie never been
kissed bitch if rich are in the room
right now we can tell you Mike and him
or extras in that movie oh we're never
been kissed Kylie film in Chicago ah
there in the background at a carnival or
something I don't think I've even seen
the movie there oh that's good that's
good information
okay so home fries I don't know anything
about the movie she works in like a fast
food place but as Shelley Duvall's in it
I discovered that when I was trying to
figure out what the hell ever happened
to Shelley Duvall well now we know that
maybe it's just because she is Emma she
is she's interesting looking yeah and
she's worth to I mean she worked for
Kubrick she worked with Robert Altman
like she worked with all these huge
directors I'm just trying to think you
know obviously for Popeye she just looks
like Island shit yeah you could not cast
anyone better as all of them and in the
shining having her be so strange-looking
adds a little bit to the strangeness of
the movie oh yeah and so I just wonder
if that was it like those are the roles
she was getting and she decided not to
take them who's like a good nun how
would she work through the Elm to Woody
Allen Robert Altman Stanley Kubrick I
guess I'm retired to like plug it's all
downhill from here could you imagine
like could you imagine doing a home
fries doing that might have been what
killed it what the fuck are you due Luke
Wilson I'm out of here just like talking
to whatever the hack director hey man oh
actually the guy I don't know who
directed it but I know the guy that
wrote it uh was the creator of Breaking
Bad he went on to be the creator Mickey
bad oh yeah there was some prize about
drew I don't know oh that's right you
don't know I know you're very much I
remember coming out when I was in high
school sure bear whores pregnant in it
and she works at a fast food place
that's all I know
okay we might not be streaming anymore
no we're still free right any huh yeah
someone just said Annie Hall that's
correct
hmm you guys still getting this is
happening where is he
we might have also lost Richards
alright alright
we are still streaming right we are t
will is miss our incredible home fries
discussion
oh god no but for some reason it's not
showing me correct thing oh there it is
Jack when's the next Plinkett review you
guys I hate to spoil it and Jay I hope
you're okay with me and giving out this
information oh it's fine it's it's
actually coming out tomorrow you guys
it's coming out tomorrow
probably around 1:00 eleven twelve
o'clock kind of midday Central Time
yeah Central Time midday um and it is
going to be on home fries really so
weird that is such a weird coincidence
we've been biting our tongue this entire
time I didn't even know um oh my god I'm
totally fucking you guys are gonna see
some weird shit it's really like like
weird home fries it's like weird well
listen I don't want to spoil any of
Plinkett's insightful insightful tidbits
about Home Fries so I'm not gonna sit oh
my god we also we just might have to
call it because we're having pretty big
technical issues oh really
we're having more that screen funny oh
alright I am back rich can you tell any
stories about being an extra uh never
been kissed
no being an extra is the dullest fucking
thing it is we we sat in a room me and
Mike I think it was literally ten hours
and then we were out for like an hour
worth of actual filming it mmm like a
merry-go-round or something um no what
I'm rubber big on me yeah
Ferris wheel a ferris wheel okay hate to
be the jackass I'm like the roller
coaster oh god wait done yeah they told
us to come back the next day we did not
alright I think I fixed our fluttering
problem I no longer see flutterings how
much did they pay you do you even
remember and you get paid very very
little to be an extra I don't recall it
wasn't that much never was for works I
worked
technically as an extra on the nightmare
and almost remake for one day oh no it
was an extra you are like going to be
the stand-in er so you do write I
originally contacted them this is when
we were just shooting weddings at a lot
of free time and I grew up a huge fan of
Friday it was like holy fuck they're
filming the remake in Chicago maybe I'll
try and get be an extra on that so I
contacted the extras person and then
they said they said hey you're your
height and weight you're perfect to be
the stand-in for one of our lead actors
also Kyle Gallner was his name I think
he was in Haunting in Connecticut or
something like that but they want me to
be his standin so I went down there for
one day and they took a bunch of
reference photos of me standing next to
him I got to meet Jackie Earle Haley I
got to see him try Alma's Freddie
sweater for the first time which was
cool and I got paid for that one day of
just hanging out on the set before they
even started shooting and then I
realized oh fuck I would have to do this
for two months and just stand around
while they liked the scene yep I was
like that's not worth it so then I just
I just quit like I was there for one day
I got to talk to Jackie Earle Haley I
got to see you know the sets and the
costumes um that's all I need I'm not
gonna stand around for two months you
could have made so many contacts you'd
be making you be directing big Hollywood
for Jesus yeah I don't think that's true
I don't think that's how it's where I
that's how it works you could have
directed 2012 what the movie looked like
a clusterfuck and I guess that turned
out to be the case - but like they one
of the lead actresses who was playing
the not Nancy but the the the other girl
the equivalent of the Amanda Weiss
character from the original the one who
gets flipped around the room you know
upside down and stuff yeah they were
like a week away from shooting and they
hadn't even cast her yet it's just a
mess the summer though it could have
been into the storm directed haha by
j-bone this is the thing though it was
like I wanted to do this not because I
wanted any sort of in on a Hollywood
movie because I could not care less but
just because I was excited to be on the
set of a Freddy movie it's all I cared
about and then I realized while being
there and listening that the people
talked that nobody involved could have
cared less about being working on a
Freddy movie the Jackie Earle Haley this
was clearly just a job for him all these
people they were it was just a job it
wasn't anyone but like Freddy especially
or in any connection to the series it
was just a cash-in remake Oh Jack if you
considered rebooting everything um that
well that's a question for all of us how
much longer do we feel like going
because yeah everything by the way on
our end is absolutely failing I am kind
of shocked my back has lasted this long
okay I just had a minor episode I
actually want to do some stretches okay
because so that what that means is we
are gonna call it because literally the
game is not working my little just wait
yell video is not working oh wow and so
happening I have just so much no idea we
got some gun point then we got a lot of
good but we got some papers please
that's a favor split some glitchy yeah
so so we're gonna go ahead and call that
do you want to read your resumes well
Rita let me try to let me just try to
get some sort of video going I can't
even do that
some sort of something happening on the
background here give me one second
i did adjust the screen resolution
thinking that might change it well great
apply keep changes okay hey this is
exciting
oh this is not much time so exciting
soon no default shit wrong thing zum-zum
there we go video hey ok we got our
video working that's nothing
well kind of fucking she's sweet jeebus
Christ okay great
edit scene see the video big that big
kind of good a fucking enough there we
go okay
now it very least we have the gist wait
y'all video playing Oh what did you have
you see me fixing sometimes people
sometimes we do our best which is really
sad I mean it's just it's just a
procedure with every stream I learn a
little something and get but you know
we've only been doing this for what a
month or two to three months maybe you
can't expect me to be an expert after
after a couple days a week for three
months so this is what you get let's see
what we got resumes here I have I have
John kilos resume in front of me
remove resume
let's see what we have it says please
buy rich Evans invisible ink I can't be
right
No oh that's something I wrote down I'm
sorry
let's see your dear you son of a bitches
I respect the Japanese of this country
who are honest businessmen and yeah this
is the land of opportunity for
legitimate business not for death
merchants who distribute drugs to our
children through schools and on the
streets
now I'm telling these motherfuckers that
if they continue killing our children to
make their precious Millions that they
deposit in their secret Milwaukee bank
account I'll have their stinking bodies
and garbage bags and shipping back to
Japan for fertilizer if you're gonna
hire me then book me otherwise as they
say get the hell out of my face thank
you for your consideration sincerely
John kilo hey here is John kilos fake
resume skills I know how to kill
American style
I speak fluent Japanese I got my martial
arts training from the Masters in Japan
I can remove my skeleton on command and
I know how to hunker down oh okay
that's pretty the hunkering down is very
important hammering down is a vital
skill education the Emir's share on the
school of film PhD in Iranian film
studies with a GPA of 3.95 well it's
really great employment history in 2014
he was an ill-fated member of Jack's
x-com team also 2014 he was an ill-fated
crew member on Jack and Rich's FTL ship
he was a cop in the samurai Department
of Los Angeles the same Frank partment
he did oh you know what you might
remember him he had a stint at junkies
chicken oh really yeah yeah right here
in Milwaukee Wisconsin Wow as a fry cook
assistant manager and special sauce
creator
I don't want to know what that means
though I don't know I just mean see mix
the mail with in the kitchen oh okay
that's good
he was on the production crew for the
film samurai cop makeup artist for
Gerald Oh Kokomo smacking a camera a
camera the stunt double for Robert
Siddarth chin a sex scene
cinematographer and a head of Wicca
matin I'm calling bullshit on the the
chin SS that's a two-person job
Oh also from 1981 to 1989 he was the
mascot for the Showbiz Pizza oh you
might know you guys go way back oh he
has some awards here hack fraud bronze
medalist from the hack fraud
invitational Employee of the Month for
showbiz pizza and runner-up Nintendo
World Champion John kilo we will
consider your employment I remember that
in 10 - World Championship 1990 they
were right that was about what they
called it a Nintendo fan or something
like that some kind of a Tendo
convention they toured around sure I
participated I just could not handle
Tetris yeah at that young age I didn't
realize that you've got exponentially
more points for stacking four at once
without the big stick I kept trying to
get singles and that's true that's not
how you do the solid veteran no that's
that's what killed me though I kick ass
at Tetris you guys when I jammy we could
play solitaire oh yeah the solitaire
sounds great hmm there you know what do
you afraid I have it what ten-second
ninja that's just some simple in the
background but I don't I don't know if
any game will work right now for some
reason we do checkers I mean is there
checkers on my computer should be there
okay
only if you want to play checkers how do
we
oh wait this is internet checkers or if
I'm sure I'm gonna play checkers Ingram
you guys rich Evans is gonna play
checkers well you read the odd this is
nice oh this is a real thing that is
happening and getting crazy and I am a
little excited and a little nervous huh
how do we put up the honey wait how do
you get that on the screen once and once
it shows up I'll I'll put it huh oh good
let's see what we have here from a
sadistic Samurai Dennis Lee rlm
Harriette competing samurais now
apparently okay he's looking for the job
of rlm henchmen / assistant highlights
of qualifications can watch any movie
twice we need at least three pretty good
uh-oh he's willing to take abuse mental
or physical from the RM crew that's a
plus sexual them that's that's a must
can we cut that part out the live stream
yep absolutely it's cut out has never
walked out or stopped watching a movie
no matter how bad why not
I mean some really should know who might
be able to put up with rich Evans on a
day-to-day basis don't so no that's
pretty nice
okay hold on Cooper we're gonna play
checkers you guys we're about to play
checkers
I hope this look I almost hope all got
it works fine this final crop it it's
fine huh hold on I can't believe this
fucking works
that is alright alright rich I'm red Hey
look at that there you go Tigers face
checkers held on it's about to get big
doesn't this guy I'm playing has no idea
he's being streamed live people throw oh
you're playing it online yeah
oh that's wonderful oh let's see here oh
also uh Dennis Lee is able / willing to
work drunk so good that's how that's
perfect yeah that's perfect let's see if
it us we got here oh my god oh my god
this is a hand written in pencil
are these suffered these have all been
hand written right yeah that's what that
was part of my request I wanted to
handwrite them okay bye huh why because
why the fuck not
please consider this my application for
consideration for jobs at red letter
media or if necessary red letter
weddings so I don't know if you guys are
so thank you we maybe we should start
shooting weddings again holiday we'll
have him share which is division oh I
take the birthday boy says Knight to
rook four so that's this not let's see
here semi oh he's a semi-professional I
don't know who this is going on
Oh whoever this is you gave us the
Canadian quarter Mike n this is Mike n
semi-professional video gamer he can
take a screenshot oh no is it says I
can't take a streak screenshot but he
beat Super Mario Brothers 3 in less than
20 minutes so he drew me a picture of
his screenshot um which i think is
adorable and I'm about to tweet that
picture for anyone who wants to see it
yeah because I think it's really funny
so here is the picture of his screenshot
you just tweet it I am about to tweet it
and hold on
ah professional screenshot rich yes you
were a rosy cheeked lad getting his
photo taken with that bear did you ever
entertain the thought that one day you
would be broadcasting checkers to 750
the internet I had no idea
oh I should have take this dream to do
you think just checkers in all caps
checkers checkers is the thing inner
internet checkers Jack alright let's get
let's get it right rich finna play
checkers bitch update update stream of
bad words and status I can't say bitch
apparently Oh watch biatch be eey ATC
okay broadcasts updated successfully
there you go botch botch oh yeah and by
the way I don't know why this plays okay
but FTL and papers please flickers I
have no idea that's why I gave up huh um
it could be I don't I don't even know I
might need to upgrade or update open
broadcaster maybe a patch came out
recently I don't know let's see here Oh
for anyway anyone uh you can check out
our Twitter at previously wreck I just I
just posted the screenshot of the
hand-drawn this guy sucks
who the guy yeah
this guy just saw it might be like some
eight-year-old kid like yo you guys fire
up checkers and Microsoft and Windows 7
you might play against me just by random
chance
can you chatted people just pre can shit
there's pre can chat yeah okay
this is Webber that wants to right ahead
but the guy was was not moving and kept
sending the messages oh yeah oh also my
Ken is very familiar with in joke
when consequences of flammable
quantities and Sidney safety they're of
Star Wars jokes it's going to be very
good from George Lucas that's great
that's a great resume we will we'll
definitely consider you for the job
opening of the job opening of sugar
shoelace inserter into shoelace hole
learn that's a real job what oh that was
tight oh my god here yeah well this is
very although most three pages long
Jesus Christ
let me just read it a little bit of this
see if it's good
you
you
oh my god this is terrible but terrible
terrible terrible terrible oh okay
not reading that one good someone
someone also I don't know if this was
like your schoolwork doodles that you
then like filled in your resume I'm
going to tweet another one another
picture because this is amazing
hold on someone took a lot of time I
just want to make sure like no name it's
showing someone took a lot of time to
fill this paper with small ink dots
here we go
refresh
resume tweet just tweeted that out
it's amazing the entire thing is filled
with doodles and ink dots let's see what
can this guy do
skills reception duty I can't even
explain it just and check out the tweet
picture it's it's just amazing it's it's
a little work of art it's a tiny little
work of art and I really appreciate it
also someone sent in a resume with a
dick bot on it and I like that dick
Buddism
those are not ink dots then I don't know
what they're they're like ink circles I
don't know it's the entire thing is
filled with it's great
whatever it is let's see here um oh this
is from sir Greek surgreev put a dick
butt on on his resume and I really
appreciate that our third and Goethe fan
benignant our third angry fanboy let's
see here objective seeking a platform to
conduct about videogames and movies and
films did you win it basically yes he's
fucked
hahahahaha rich is so fraud yeah this
game is a great time-waster jack well
I'm sure white wins
oh wait wins I thought you were
red-faced which you know it's random
every new game okay you have to tell us
that yes it tell us if you're way too
right hello little sing and they'll say
ponents in your order she configured oh
okay
just tell us before I interrupt every
single time I mean just okay I can do
that I kid I thought you were still in
your first game so I did no no no I
kicked this
I'm jum I'm two for two
all right checkers I'm two for two and
I'm very proud of it okay our third
grief an boy was his education he has an
MA in socio paleontology with a way
award-winning thesis of phoning home how
the et video game is actually a clever
satire on the success of the film ET and
not a pile of garbage
oh he has a BS in rhetorical debate with
emphasis on minut Prime Minister of the
Burbank debate Society one what
I don't know sorry I stopped reading
let's see here
skills formulating arguments on the
subject of popular media that's good
the acquisition of rare and exotic
examples of media maximizing word counts
that's really important personal hygiene
and neckbeard etiquette training thank
you
we need that my neck beard grows just
for some reason way faster than the rest
of my beard I am white Jack are you
happy I think you are okay you know what
I'm just happy in general I don't mean
on the game in real life I'm white okay
news to me I problems and a work glasses
I'm colorblind
um Oh apparently rich is zero for zero
on real games well for the fuck made him
be the definer of real games
I think checkers is the real game come
on checkers is the original game mm-hmm
oh also our third new gree fanboy
apparently is excellent at preparation
of pizza rolls
so back home for us if he wants to go in
the basement that's where we can buy me
that's all about MIDI we're gonna then
papery one visit read that one did I
miss one I thinks I'm the one with the
one we're talking about screenshots um I
think we did that oh I don't know did
you do this with a fancy one yeah yeah
yeah I think a screenshot of it it's
like I can't read it because it's too
wacky for me so I took a screenshot of
it okay I took a picture and I tweeted
it okay
I also want to know hold on up of this
crazy one I'm gonna tweet another
picture I just want to know what this is
because I love it the entire back of
this is also just filled with like math
homework
you
you
I'm chroma blind it's true
it's true so not many resumes Tareen
so I'm look I'm a little disappointed
but I enjoyed a lot of them specifically
John Kela ah so the winner of resumes
round 1 is John Kela with a runner-up
for dick button runner-up for Arthur II
is that just because of the dick but yes
okay I really like the dick but it's
then every time I see a dick but on the
internet it feels enjoy is that a thing
on the internet the dick but apparently
I've never heard of this door of I know
what is it it might one of the origins
of the dick but I don't know it might be
a reddit thing okay I because that's
where I usually see it mmm it's it's
just something where like I'll see a
video and like the videos I always see
it is is like you know in movies where
they show someone they're looking down
at a piece of paper and they go ah and
then they show the piece of paper and
that someone like digitally inserts the
big butt on the piece paper okay it's
funny it's all funny stuff
I see rich have you ever owned a fedora
well when I was a kid for Halloween I
was Indiana Jones at one point so oh
yeah at some point my life I guess I did
own a fedora no that's right Ison flames
Jack likes dick but and he cannot lie
aha bringing it back to the Nicki Minaj
song done the best song done dick but I
think it's funny a dick but yep
no thank you um garsh cars just posted a
link to a picture of a dick but in case
anyone wants to know what it is oh let
me see
you got a hood and a with it dick button
ha ha ha ha what do you think it is just
seeing it makes me happy look at him I
don't think I get it he's got a dick in
his butt and he's a dick and he's got
what
I'm glad you get so much of use man out
of it I don't get it I really do
I can't explain why I don't know all
right
I don't know it shut up love them I just
see it on reddit all the time is what
I'm saying
you
let's see here this is the source of
dick butt
okay thank you for the source of dick
but
favorite movie soundtracks oh that's a
good that's a good question
score or just song that collection of
song you know it's a really amazing
soundtrack with both score and
collection of songs what is that Royal
Tenenbaums oh yes I would agree with
that mark mothersbaugh does all the
original score hmm and it's beautiful
like orchestral stuff oh yeah a bunch of
bunch of classic kind of funky rock
stuff yeah
well ten above some crackers and the use
of the songs in the movie are perfect so
that's a good marriage of song in the
movie yeah I love the score too
punch-drunk love John Bryan why are you
laughing at that just cuz I know you do
it it is the best score I think that
score is so amazing it's and it's so
perfect for that movie yes that is very
true I've got this kind of the balls
okay that rich is playing checkers by
the way for a moment there I do forget
I'm glad that you're happy it makes me
happy that you're happy um just as far
as like general scores I think we've
talked about this before I listen to the
Tron soundtrack Tron Legacy Tron Legacy
yeah yeah
donc music that's good like I'll just
put that out in the background while I
work and it like motivates me yeah
that's one where before the movie came
out you here dot Punk is doing the score
for Tron Legacy did you think and that
could not be more perfect right it's so
great yeah and I watched that trailer
for that movie so many times and that
music just like gave me goosebumps
yeah it's a great soundtrack hmm rich
Evans confirmed for checkers god it's
true checkers cut that's really true
another great soundtrack is Miami
connection of course
looks like Wando bands songs and that
are pretty amazing
I know some people who do Taekwondo and
they did not know about Miami connection
because of course who wouldn't they yeah
and I showed them the both of both the
friends forever song but more
importantly the against the ninja song
which has the course of time icon
Taekwon yeah Taekwondo they loved it so
hard that they are going to create a
weapons routine using that oh that's
great bag that I can go there and film
against the ninja yeah I think I stopped
listening to soundtracks I don't send a
lot of soundtracks in high school that's
always discovered a lot of bands so they
get jaronda that I eventually ended up
liking was through soundtracks because I
was more into movies than music so I buy
soundtracks I mean like oh I like this
song I'll get a bat will buy this band
oh sure sure sure and just like
everybody in eternity owned like the
Reservoir Dogs on track oh sure and the
pulp fiction is out of drag but that's
fine because those were good soundtrack
I had the the South Park movie
soundtrack yeah and I got it before the
movie came out so that entire summer
that was the soundtrack in my car that
was that we were just listening to that
constantly absolutely before the movie
and then so we saw the movie we knew all
the songs and then the rest of the
summer we were just listening to that
over and over I love that soundtrack I
love those songs that movie but that
movie was something special that's the
first movie I bought on blu-ray when I
got a blu-ray player really yep that's
funny get a blu-ray player higher
definition the first thing I got was the
South Park movie nice tent but is cheesy
God you know cutout animation white wins
congratulations
if these people only knew that they were
playing or Jevons they're firing returns
oh that's right this is your computer
you probably have the set to beginner I
still kick ass at intermediate I don't
really like expert that much I played
expert there's a lot of people would
just give you shit on expert now flash
go expert do it well it's gonna be some
asshole who's not gonna want to play
game he's gonna book come up with you
make you try why already fuck with you
cuz people are jerks
no we're gonna we're gonna go up oh I
got to have to start a game to talk to
homeland no you all along
we're looking at we're connecting to
players
wait-wait-wait-wait school of war oh
yeah expert expert you got a free game
dude alright next time we started should
be expert here we go expert oh man
expert checkers got y'all this is Kaori
is gonna get intense this just got
really real Oh
riches pay attention people are jerks
let's see here
you
what Oh what are you guys playing
tonight right now this is it we're
playing fucking checkers we we had
planned to play some FTL and for some
reason open broadcaster was twitching
out I don't think it was anything on my
computer because my game screen wasn't
flickering hmm but the open mind it's
not doing it for this it's not doing it
for this my game was it wasn't
flickering but my open broadcaster
preview screen was flickering and of
course the stream was flickering and I
tried messing around with some game
settings and that didn't seem to help so
I don't know what it was
have you guys ever been to the safe
house we live in Milwaukee so yes yeah
everybody's been in the safe house
everybody's been to the safe house it's
yeah you know what go once it's fun if
you have relatives from out of town
that's retaking taken to the safe house
yeah if you are planning a aah I went
there for as part of my bachelor party
bar crawl I'm sure they take they take
you they do something special oh yeah
so if you are planning a bachelor party
in the Milwaukee area take him to the
safe house and set it up it's it fun
okay that was a fun time and I used to
do open mic nights there oh yeah no you
know they did that there they well they
don't end up there anymore they used to
I see back in the day
uh you know so I've seen this a couple
times in the chat favorite Wes Anderson
film to me they're all the same I can
see that I've actually not seen a Wes
Anderson films since the Royal
Tenenbaums really yeah I haven't seen
you just you see the trailers and you
say oh that looks like more of the same
yeah I can understand that I like most
of his movies my favorite you mean seen
the life aquatic nope I love the life
aquatic beer Bill Murray fan you should
watch the life quad bill Marvin it's but
I'm I know when I would I best
soundtracks I would say that one to that
is very good yeah I know what I'm gonna
get you know and I don't think you do
though after that one I would agree with
you yeah but that one I want something
special I like that it would be a lot
okay that's got the the most emotional
core to it for me personally okay I
think most people say that about
probably Rushmore or Royal Tenenbaums
but the Bill Murray character that his
character in life aquatic like he's
really tragic and it's oh it's good it's
good okay I would really recommend you
know what I will give a life aquatic but
try okay
you should because of your
recommendation and ruled befoe is
hilarious in it he's got a supporting
role in and he's just funny oh good yeah
I have stayed away from of course you
know being someone who's into film I you
know sob Rushmore in love did Rushmore's
gray went back and saw bottle rocket got
it immediately it was just like oh man
yeah Tenenbaums is beautiful 10 mm
beautiful movie and then it and then I
saw the previews for Life Aquatic I saw
a little bit of the fantastic mr. Fox
since I have like I get it I get it I
can understand that I get what he's
going for and you know what he's got a
thing and that's great for him hmm
I'm just no oh I understand
let's go I'm glad you understand
you see my big this is my big travel
coffee mug that is huge yeah it's great
I fill it up with coffee and I filled up
with iced coffee
holy Lord that's a lot of iced coffee
yeah but it like I recently took a very
long road trip and so I filled this up
with iced coffee before I left and just
the entirety of the five-hour road trip
just slowly drank the whole Oh champ it
was great that way I lost you lost a lot
Oh No
happens every now and then was it a good
game that was good game okay
he got me fair and square Aaron squared
hmm that's good yeah oh they're seeing
it right now oh they're saying you
should rage quit hmm oh that's funny you
were the chosen one rich well yeah one
chance I can't play it on a game nope
uh no the Tusk trailer Oh have you seen
that J I haven't do you know about it I
haven't Smith's name of a No it's the
human centipede
it looks like the human centipede but
instead of making a human centipede he
makes a guy into a ball wrist that's
that's the premise of the movie great I
don't know you know what I'll say is I
appreciate that Kevin Smith is at least
trying different things because for a
while you'd see his movies it's like oh
it's more of the same you know and I'll
give him credit for that I think red
stain isn't have you seen red static god
no come on it's an interesting failure
as I'll describe it all right but uh and
then this is something completely
different so I don't know I'm just so
sick of him as a personality and I think
he needs to stop trying outside of the
box
no because here long to just make like
Jay and Silent Bob movies till the end
of time not chanson Babu is here's the
thing that I've always liked about Kevin
Smith I've let I've always liked him as
a writer and as a director he's I don't
think he's very good no because he was
meant to be a writer but I've always
thought that his movies were very
personal to him yeah and I've always
gotten them until he started veering off
course even Jersey girl yeah by God
which isn't as bad as a lot of people
make it out it's it's a small city very
small T it's a small T movie but you
know what he would he had just had a
daughter like you know it was a movie
about a father and a daughter it was
personal and I got that the one good
thing about that movie is George Carlin
yeah really good nut he's really good
it's it's not I mean it's not a great
movie I would even call it a good movie
it's not a good one but I under his feet
you'd see yeah it's fine and you know
what but but also like for him as a
writer and as a director it made sense
yeah he was doing a personal story um
then you get into stuff like the cop
boats in the red space cuff up is so bad
where he tries where he tries to go
outside of his box it's just like no
even clerks - I like clerks - actually
it's fine now you know what it was it
was a an allegory of what he was going
through and like it made sense yeah yeah
sometimes you got to stick to what you
know but now what he knows is smoking
pot all the time and I'm thinking things
are hilarious while he's smoking pot and
then making a whole script based on some
random idea he had he joked about and
you know maybe that's fine
that's what he's doing that's been
that's fine just maybe he should stop
directing things well then he he said
said he was gonna quit
didn't he retire like five years ago and
he just keeps making movies yeah it
doesn't it doesn't matter doesn't he do
like podcasts or something that's his
main thing his podcast yeah just let him
do that well yeah that's that but he was
gonna stop making movies now and just
focus on that stuff but then he just
keeps making these fucking movies
I don't know I don't know about him
obviously it's just like he was a very
important gateway for me as a 13 14 year
olds a gateway into other independent
movies so he certainly had a very
important purpose for everyone for a lot
of people of our age for everyone of our
generation yeah he he was the start of
it all yeah Jesus Christ you know he can
make a movie yeah yeah so is that easy
yeah well and then like with curses you
know rain interviews and hearing about
the movies that influenced him and then
going out you know looking at those
movies I discovered a lot of stuff
because of that movie oh no I'm just in
like discovering just like the
independent circuit you know like I
remember like very shortly after that
seeing el Mariachi yeah and just like oh
my god movies can exist this small this
is great yeah yeah
no it's all good things and you know
what I know a lot of people will
recently have been shitting on mall rats
the Moritz no I like Mallrats everyone
likes Mary Margaret is a cute kind of
throwback to the best times at ridgemont
high type team visit Kevin Smith grew up
when I saw I usually haven't watched it
in a really long time I have a feeling
it would not hold up that great that's a
good point I I did like it a lot when it
came I saw it as a teenager and loved
the shit out of it mostly cuz you see
Joey Lawrence Adam's boobs whatever they
go back to Shelley Duvall what happened
to Joey Lauren Adams she recently was uh
in the United States of Tara she's still
acting oh she is I can't read last time
I saw her in anything she was good in
the United States Tara - I don't know if
you've ever if you've seen them no I
don't that's fine it's a TV show
rhaggy show show I want to say Showtime
um it's the it's uh what's-her-name who
did you know Oh Diablo Cody Diablo
Cody's TV show okay it's interested some
of its good so it's bad yes
though the wife watches is
okay I watch it is that all Elysee boobs
there is is it Toni Collette is she the
main actress on that show I like her a
lot she's a good actress she does great
it's her and she has multiple
personalities okay
her guy is really good to whoever the
husband is someone alone in and I have
no clue nine states there Joey Lawrence
arrows show the boobs and the mall rats
solid matters isn't all that matters
jack to this conversation yes okay bein
life I don't think that's true um at the
time at the time I felt I'm okay that's
a good way to put it yeah at the time I
saw mall rats I got to see her boobs and
I was young enough to the need to see
them
I do enrich I look good about to win
okay that's good I'm white incidentally
okay thank you that's all I'm fucking a
fucking two for three on expert all
right okay great all right I'll someone
mention SFW yeah I think I might be the
only other person that's ever seen that
movie
Stephen Dorff joy Aylor Ned Adams isn't
that as well okay and you see her boobs
in that as well
oh yeah you know I don't watch it um
yeah I haven't seen that since it first
came on a video I don't remember much
about it and I remember that had a
pretty good soundtrack is very 90s she
nineties grunge stuff the 90s
we're getting this the hard way huh this
is hard yeah it's gonna go into that
double corner it's inevitable intense
game check who's gonna lose there's
gonna draw it out all right fine fine
we'll do that I'll play that game you're
taunting him you fucker you fucker oh if
I maniac Volume one and two or Netflix
yeah I haven't watched him yet that's
one of a meaning to see forever and I
just haven't gotten around to it oh
you're right you won't put I'll I'll do
a tf2 again another night maybe maybe
rich I want to play tf2 with a mouse and
keyboard dude did you promise tf2 or
something oh no just we someone was
asking when will we play tf2 again at
least we could join in on that one day
well you know you know like watch me
play checkers fucking and great I think
I think checkers and J nice conversation
is very nice we're talking my move
you're talking about movies this is nice
yeah um won't play tf2 again that might
just be a Jacksonville stream but yes
you guys can come and play play tf2
yeah well someone asks if any of us have
done stand-up I do stand-up I was not
very good at it is what I learned I
stand up all the time it's how I get
place what's not so well lately no
that's a while lightly at all no um I've
never done stand-up I've never had any
desire to do stand-up I do like going to
open mic nights though because most of
it is so painfully awkward it's amazing
all right there's some really good ones
I'm Tom I'm really bad my delivery is
really bad I need editing is the thing I
learned now which is why I started
editing my pains have caught up with me
I need to go home reduce you go on rich
has ailments that's it thanks for coming
out
on everybody chuggers Jagger kicked ass
and checkers yay what solid yes I was
here next you guys you guys can keep
going if you want to talk Oh play
solitaire Wow say I'm on here
we'll save it for next then thanks for
coming out guys um
