Episode 064
Towerfall Ascension... Millennium (Part 2)
September 27, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt81K5uU9As
___________________________________________

man yeah I feel like you talk to me
about this have you seen BMX bandits
yeah kids Nicole Kidman that's Brian
trenchard-smith that's one of the famous
Australian director okay we'll also went
on to do leprechaun three and four
unfortunately those are the American
well but he's done some crazy Australian
moves
okay I've seen BMX bandits okay I have
not seen BMX payments I think it's on
Netflix it is it is it's it's really
weird all of the kids talk as if they
they're like smarter they're like smarty
people in their twenties okay help
senator but kiss your work with that
mouth that's how the children talk the
BMX racer it's weird
okay no maybe you know what you didn't
grow up in Australia
maybe that's crazy
Jesus Christ down down the trouble yeah
if the noob leprechaun were played by
Peter Dinklage Paki I would watch it and
would never happen but that would be
amazing
Oh My Jesus great steel barrows steals
arrows
Oh
haha
running through a situation which my
arrows kill something then bounce off it
and kill me that is happen to me
hi Humbert hiding here no one did
we do have the that was my sweetie those
oh there's a homily fuck look at you got
more kills than me - yeah terrible huh
I'm not terrible no you're acting like
oh look you good work oh no I didn't
mean like they'll fuck you like icing
icing on your cake okay come crap like I
was like I was like the exact do can how
you think of it okay let's do let's do
one more level and then we'll break it
up one more level and then one more try
and then we break it up or
nice nice
nerds it's like oh I'm gonna hear us how
do I get
you know what you faded them you painted
them there's a joke there
Oh evil duplicates that was angry yes
you just killed me I was wrong I'm sorry
sorry 1979 that's a band
I died I'm radioactive smuggled that's
her we're about 1989 is that real yeah
it's real bad oh that's clear enough do
they have any hits yeah oh no I mean no
no hits but you might recognize you
might recognize music we're good shit
drum and bass drum and bass players so
the fan is just a drummer and bass
player as tech azer we have I think at
least three copies of dragon strategies
I still don't know what it is but we
have many copies of it so especially
maybe we'll do something okay oh you
came back oh fuck there's the thing
names everywhere
Oh Oh your doppelganger that it's okay
yeah I'm back you gonna go for a little
bear
possibly the real hard to say
you say this one and don't point at the
screen oh one more yeah well I don't
know one more this is a one more game
isn't it it is one more one more
I got it we got it we got really close
I'll talk more about that did you ever
watch even I know what it is but never
pitch count each other will give the
team song for that
for a huge n-o-o-o I thought when you're
saying that that you meant like they
were big in 1979 the name of the band is
death from above 1979 that's a horrible
name
well come on the the reason they're
called that is because there was another
band called that from above and so they
just had their like they had to name
themselves something else yes I'm sorry
I'm hearing shooting kalique well I
ain't by knocking the end of the reefer
I jumped on your hand before you can
give me an arrow you have to jump on my
it chick chick nice nice
I took a chance wasn't sure is it I
wasn't sure but they did it congratulate
coastal kills you when he's dizzy yeah I
do deserve a dizzy demand I'll jump him
get a position jump on it down and I'm
sorry you guys
arrows the arrows badly keep falling
until I land on someone right
nice nice it done yeah oh okay got me I
got me did you get you key nothing you
got you
so that's not you I like that you do it
only works if you got more than one
person okay
that's a good point stuff this was a
really fun game thank you developer of
towerfall ascension we're sending this
to me even though it said your game is
not worth 50 bucks well it's a good game
it's a good game like 10 would make me
think about it and if I had a friend who
also had it and I wonder if you can now
wonder if it says if you could play my
bear now I'm assuming I'm assuming you
also play over over
not start hangers
well the the moral of the story is you
know $10 would like I'd be like baby but
you know would definitely be leaning
towards this eight and below absolutely
yeah yeah eight mill at $7.99 is the
price point for this - at $7.99 or below
100% get this game is super fun
is that a common price point per game
seven in yet depends on the game you
know I don't know if there's like normal
tiers as far as yeah right yeah for like
like there's there's the eight to eight
dollar 1015 yeah okay and there's a lot
of chibi - yeah okay yeah with PC games
that really good with sales
so you'll see a $15 game on sale for
second frequently okay yeah yeah yeah
I do wonder like what who chooses that
that who chooses what your party
Ponder's how you make those decisions
like how do you make that call yeah time
time for checkers rich played checkers
until 1:00 a.m. you guys can just watch
the tower fall back around and we could
talk if you have any questions ask and
we can just talk lots of cool things in
life that's true I could tell you I was
at this bachelor party over the weekend
and the soon-to-be groom specifically
asked me to bring some bad not not me
not rich it was not rich my cousin Jake
my cousin Jake specifically asked me to
bring some bad news and I was really
excited to bring those movies and I came
to the studio grabbed up a bunch of DVDs
ripped into a harddrive a couple of them
did not rent quigley good
I know trouble ripping anything else for
some reason quickly was the prickly one
quickly is always a problem that little
scam so I'll prepare and Saturday night
after some drinkin after some hiking get
back to the cabin that the bachelor
party was that it was time yes but it
had been a long day of drinking and
hiking
everyone was really tired so I knew we
only had time for one be what he choose
you know I had me good doesn't matter
what did you have with you I have some
examples of what he did so I had how in
the duct I had masters in the universe
just cuz like I know and it's like yeah
he would like someone that but then I
also had like terror in Beverly Hills
yes Hollywood count samurai cop quickly
that all-star lineup the classic yeah
the red brown the red brown Captain
America and the 70s captain then is not
that nothing I'm getting out another
everyone goes that's the names sound
hearing yeah
Captain America Eric Brown was a 70s one
yet we have not watched right but I
brought it with me okay so yeah I had
the Salinger Captain America and the red
brown captain just good one
and what else that I have agree and like
a couple others but you only have time
to watch one movie and everyone has been
hyped to watch event so you know
obviously it's the decision but I said
that here's the thing protect one it's
gotta be Sam good wig but bad overdub
the the general overall shit hits and
he's a film guy so he will pick up on
all the on all of the like shooting all
the angles in the same place yeah that's
the thing a samurai cop plays better if
you're a fan of bad movies it plays
better for people that also make movies
yes cuz you pick up on more the
technical things and I think a casual
would did I use that expression
can't you not filthy casual what nice
you know for something like that a movie
like the room probably plays better
because it's just so obviously bizarre
right but samurai cop is a as a
filmmakers bad yes yes and he he is and
so like he would I knew he would love
the samurai cop yeah but he was drunk
ain't chosen masters
which so we started watching Masters of
the Universe but also to keep in mind
for the story everyone else at the
bachelor party was really excited for
Sam right now because to find them I
queued up the movie to the horny nursing
because they're like what's the samurai
kappahd so a whore nursing sums the
whole thing up yeah everyone was
cracking up we start watching Masters of
the Universe at five minutes in the
groom asshole is snoring you fell asleep
five minutes in the masters of the
universe we wait another five to make
sure he's asleep
turn it off the watch singer everyone
loved it
but that was my job and he fell asleep
yeah but one job he wouldn't have fallen
asleep if he just started watching exam
I can't I know he'd be too engaged I
know they'd be constantly asking
questions and that would keep him awake
these are the things maybe he just
wanted I don't want to watch a movie
that'll keep me entertained I'm gonna
fall it has been a very long yeah the
night before we were in Seattle we're in
the greater Seattle area the night
before we went to a restaurant that
served quite literally and you just dug
into the pigs face she's a two-faced me
yeah it was great
I'm sure tasted fine but the image is
gross to me yes it was super great I
don't know what the restaurant is called
it's called big fangs it's called happy
pig oh yeah
and then I went back to the hotel slept
in everyone I was into and we were the
Beatles Ringo yeah I have no idea
you you people can decide I don't know
or care without the Beatles for red
letter media that's true
I'm the J of red letter media Mike Mike
and Jay would be the Lennon McCartney
you old Jack I guess then that makes you
George
no I'm not sure who's the who's the
beetle Pete best IP best movie best that
can't replace mmm my ring you know it's
Jesse George and that makes Jesse George
okay yeah yeah I'd believe that that
makes sense
the sensitive
I remember that was a early bonding
moment with Mike
when I first met you guys stuck with
Mike and we were at a bar and it was a
music bar maybe there's a shown playing
or whatnot probably sort of band and
playing that's what we usually met each
other yes and we started talking about
the Beatles it was like right after one
of the Paul McCartney so loud
I'm excited about one I like our duck
wings and he's like it's like fuck he's
like that's what I think gentlemen i
McCartney's all the talent I like damn
right he is he's like but I thought your
leg rings no Rich's Shemp well fuck you
too Jim he's not a Beale
that's a Three Stooges thing in three
stooges terms I'm totally in curling
yeah absolutely absolutely look good
curling the guy was curly Joe yeah that
was the later curly curly Joe it was
Chum was it Shemp and thank curly juror
was there another center and then curly
and then curly Joe afternoon there was
per second regular curly now curly Joe
came after curly curly Joe Hurley was
the original you sure yeah right but
that ship was the original no no no no
no cable ship and then curly no no no
and then ship again no Larry I was curly
was the first and then she'll yeah and
then I think curly Joe and you know what
it might have been curly curly Joe sure
no well they didn't go that far
our Santa worship curly curly Joe no no
champ was not the first girl again
stroke and then curly Joe came in curly
was the first I think Shemp might have
been the last I think cuz I think he's I
think curly Joe was the last cuz that
was on there like ball champ was too
different
we need someone who's like curly so they
yeah okay Geoffrey t-shirt Shep was the
original Curley replaced him by gel bag
what yeah and then somebody else's then
Shep again
are you sure hemp was the original that
seems weird to me something Curley then
shipped on curly Joe and somebody else
playing curly then Shemp the curvature
I'm pretty sure it's curly Shemp curly
Joe okay I'm almost cite your sources
people yeah someone else oh yeah so it's
morning something I know it doesn't mean
all sorts of yeah bad information I'm
pretty sure it was curly Jim
curly Joe richest technically right I
like I like Harry protect me oh wait no
Shemp when they did state chef's shit
was the original but when they did the
movies curly he didn't want to do it so
curly was okay so if you're looking at
movie terms which is how I'm thing you
know but if it was perfect but when they
did do stage shows I think Shemp was
there okay yeah and then when he didn't
want to transition to movies then they
brought in Kerrville i really had a
stroke they brought Jim back then they
brought him back yeah okay guys before
we figured it or something we're not
worth we're all kind of right chefs get
the one walk on the chair I'm not a fan
I like nobody's it I don't like The
Three Stooges in general that looks
really good they are what they are
violence
yeah violent it's the Three Stooges is
far more clever than I think most people
give it credit for
I don't know if levers the right word
it's very like it's I mean for its
slapstick well-orchestrated
she was drunk he's very drunk
Jack had one fuckin beer he's talking
about how sophisticated increased I
would say sophisticated I said clever
well-orchestrated could be another word
every bit is set up very well that's
like that's clever
not not Charlie Chaplin's clever only a
person raised on a farm
oh I'll say clever might be clever is
the wrong it's a well or it's well
orchestrated yeah I would agree with
that it's not I want to say that there's
a usage of clever that applies to this
that's fine every Chaplin Chaplin is
great I mean I went through a big
Chaplin phase in high school
sample of my senior year it was all
about Chaplin and John Belushi I was
obsessed with John Belushi I mean
Kepler kind of sucks the paradise for
cute but that's fine
I am a Buster Keaton - I like camping
can you exit the game maybe the
distorted game noise ruins you got
started Oh whoever says that it might be
your speakers I mean we can crap here
you know what later on just edit in
footage of me playing checkers over this
no I just you know what the games that I
just muted the game okay okay i muted
the game volume so now you're just
hearing our beautiful voice beauty well
that's singing earlier
I don't want to remind you
oh no not smashmouth okay edit songs
like my head earlier he went like um
some body once told me there's my
evidence then he is drunk yeah I was
just reminded smashmouth over the
weekend um my cousin Jake is who I made
a lot of my early internet videos with
and there was one instance where we were
traveling together and we were playing
the Smash Mouth a game as a game I mean
it was made-up game okay he was a
made-up game in which we at any point
somebody would say some body and then in
in a in a circle arrangement we had to
go one word at a time through the song
and the rhythm of the song I see so
which is more difficult than you would
think it is and I want to say there were
five of us okay there are five of us and
so it would just be like any moment and
it was a week long shoot that we were on
and it got really tiresome sometimes or
just be in there like the van driving to
the next shoot and they'd be dead silent
just dude there's a hum of the thing
yeah some body Jesus once told me the
world you do crazy things when you're
bored yeah yeah it's true one day maybe
not yeah you know what that um story so
I have one more not out fuck I'll say
that for them I have another story about
a made-up game oh but it's it might be
too long I see I'm gonna save it cuz
it's a good one okay you got it you got
it yeah you're gonna Sun spread these
out spread out your stories yeah I have
so few
you got a making wine and even the ones
I think are good no
some body no mirrors gonna participate
in your game this is the problem with
your pitiful you don't play my game not
when it comes to Smash Mouth oh my god
play the Smash Mouth game I don't have
those friend and lyrics memorized and
you do you just don't know it that means
active they're all in my head yeah I
think I do know that whole song ever
I'm unusually bad with a song
yeah unusually bad everybody are about
our age knows all the words for this
match I will bet you I don't bet you
$1,000 it's buried deep in your
coordinates you've heard that song so
many times just part of your life it's
what a god no it got to the point where
I would hear that song in a movie and
think that it was done as a joke cuz
it's been used in every other movie at
that point
yeah like Shrek it shows up in Shrek and
I'm like seriously still yeah yeah they
don't give a fuck that song everyone
knows that song yeah well Shrek rebels
and popular culture and not being
timeless yeah that kind of actually been
that well that movie tries trying to be
the anti Disney and Disney would never
do something like that yeah yeah music
yeah right yeah I'm not sure in the
whole air of those CG movies that we're
all about like pop-culture references
and and they all suck they're the exact
opposite of Pixar those movies they're
timeless and iterate and know and then
like Shrek and would you say Shrek
sucked
I don't remember Shrek I only saw the
first one I think it's funny it's fine
I remember being okay I really don't
remember it there's a dragon I remember
does a dragon it was like oh I'm going
to dragon did a booty dance at the end
of Trek now yeah yeah
it's show me a Shrek no is what it is I
don't care about Shrek
you know what Pixar movie I don't much
care for what brave no that's the other
black sheep picks our family cars ours
is great for kids
no cars movies okay
I'm not here to start a fight about cars
I'm sure I say cut cars to me felt like
it was aimed at a younger audience than
most of their movies you're brave
opinion is nothing shocking as long as I
haven't seen brave I didn't care yeah no
it's it's flawed like it's it's it's a
it's a standard animated movie it's not
yeah it's wrong it doesn't feel magical
doesn't feel those other heartwarming
emotional Pixar films it's got none of
that it's just standard it literally has
a character in the movie called like the
wisp or something it's a little magical
ball of fire yeah and the wisp tells the
little brave girl where to go and what
to do at all times it's it's very
standard okay so every choice that the
little brave girl makes is not her
choice she just follows a little wisp
okay it's terrible so it's like Forrest
Gump where the main character has no
control over their own life yeah you
know what at least Forrest did something
he didn't do anything he ran he ran yeah
he decided to run it that's it I'm one
of those people that doesn't like
Forrest Gump so oh you know it's fine
what does what is the best Pixar movie
oh that's a hard one personal preference
remains The Incredibles I like love The
Incredibles I'm partial to superheroes
but yeah Hualien I just think it's such
a God up is amazing appointed I just
never got around to seen it I heard it's
great up it does have a talking dog in
it though it's the most clever way you
could ever possibly do a talking dog
there's like there's like a perfectly
good and amusing reason why the dog
talks alright
yeah up is good Wally well he's good
Wally's good like I like the first half
of walling better than the say yes what
yeah I think it's probably a common
element about but it flows it's fine
it's gallows pretty dark for a kids
movie yeah saying that everybody's just
fat lazy assholes yeah yeah it's fun and
and you know slow it's this is why I
defend cars what cars is a slow movie
isn't it yeah it's nice
you delve into it I don't know I did
cars cars I always think of it as being
more of a kiddie movie than they're I
mean they're all family movies but that
one I always think of been aimed at
younger people how it like it's long
it's long it's boring it's just like
there's long stretches where they're
just like driving on a highway and it's
just like and you're just taking in the
scenery that's a big part of it it's
like how that we don't take time anymore
to take the back roads
it's nice Sarris Larry the Cable Guy in
well that's the problem
listen if I could cut out that part of
the movie it might be permanent isn't
the sequel even more about him oh my god
it's a sequel bad I missing things bad I
got the sequels but the sequel though
how many how many emotions do you feel
in the first 10 minutes of um I mean how
many different emotions I need to
rehydrate cuz I lost so many tears so
much crying yeah I turned up I turn up
enough oh I cried like a fuckin baby I
have no problem admitting when I cried a
movie enough gets me every time okay you
have to give up a shop I I will always
have I am an avoided it I just have a
thing like right now what you doing
watch oh okay stream we're gonna we're
gonna live watch up you can't watch it
we're not going stream will just stream
our audio it's gonna hear everybody
crying it help oh my god baby oh and mr.
Holland's Opus yeah
I'm a crier that's a help you how many
emotions do you feel the first ten
minutes of things Oh God
I guarantee it's more than you feel
there's the entire duration of up first
for me
just disgust disgust confusion real
anger mostly discussed yeah yeah just
just never have I never has there been
such a profound a sense of worthlessness
this is an emotional roller coaster yeah
more so than most movies it's like it's
like the movie is worthless but because
I am watching this I am worthless and
then you think to yourself like how
precious is my time what could I be
doing with this time instead of watching
this we're starting up no I don't even
know how to oh man ups music is great
very reminiscent of a toy store they're
going as directors okay
love is great hmm as people will
actually seem like they think we're
watching often that's not true it's hard
to discern the sarcasm from the next oh
yeah I guess the immoral story is brave
that movie really disappointed me that
was the firt you know cuz like cars
yeah it's not the greatest but it's like
all right oh okay I can put up with
Larry the Cable Guy cuz there's some
there's important stuff in there a bug's
life
that's not Pixar isn't yeah hold on one
of the early ones I'm thinking advance
yeah bugs life is great it's Seven
Samurai with an anthill
hmm it's fun moving I'm just saying it's
not it's not gonna figure it all - oh my
god no rollercoaster the movie took me
on own it's the best film I've ever seen
what what are you in BMX bandits no bug
that bugs is fine Elena monsters Incas
some good moments I didn't see monsters
University
did anybody yeah I feel like Pixar's
kind of cuz that's very erotic there
they're starting to go down now
University was sterile
there was like it was like a bug's life
there was a big technical jump in
monsters University which was Universal
lighting mm-hmm
something that has literally nothing to
do with the story yeah but a Pixar has
finally figured out a way to render not
only like a light source right so they
can render like what the Sun is
but they've figured out how to also
revenge render individual reflections
and so it's like the most natural
lighting of any animated movie okay
because it takes into account the the
light source but then also how like
light reflects and it's a really hard
thing to accomplish and it does it for
the entire scene not just per character
okay so it was a technological
breakthrough which has nothing to do
with how good the movie is right but now
we're seeing that implemented into some
higher class video games this is very
boring but light rendering it's an
important thing or not whatever fuck it
I don't know technical science movies
and things that Jack enjoys learning
upon I don't care about the second row
stuff if the boring if the story's
boring
yeah that's almost one out in high note
somewhere I don't really down to 140 did
everybody leave probably I think
everybody loves light it's late in we're
just bullshitting now so we're babbling
I thought they liked it one way bullshit
this is all bullshit we're losing people
this is I think I don't know what they
want
oh yeah it's a combination of being late
and the fact that there's nothing visual
going on to attack our own thing choice
is freaking out or everybody be towards
freaking out because they did that
earlier to okay good boring yeah let's
close it up Jack you're drunk
that's not true at all this is how I am
people that did something you should
know about me when I get drunk I get
quiet
so now you're saying jacket drunk yeah
okay I get what no checkers oh yeah see
look it's already back up to four oh wow
it's backing up to 400 something oh yeah
is twitch is freaking out
the problem we have just too many
viewers let's talk about aspect ratios
things are gonna get crazy have you seen
a Vimeo does anamorphic widescreen
native in there player I did not know
that if it so you can you can compress a
anamorphic which is uh God what is it
that's 16:9 it's what's to 25 to 35
thank you again they do it and so if you
do if you put your anamorphic widescreen
and YouTube it'll just have black bars
on the top and bottom yeah but Vimeo
does it natively in the player so it
fills up the whole player yeah well it's
kind of nice they used to do vertical
videos too
it is fine no one watches vertical
videos yeah
I'd like a vertical video native in the
player because I have an idea for a
miracle video it would look really bad
in any player because we never black
because it has that yeah I'll take up
the full space I see
maybe a great video that you can watch
I want a video that you could watch on
your cell phone vertically oh sure but
you couldn't do that in YouTube right
I'm gonna give it vertical it'll be
it'll have the black bars yeah first
world problems aspect ratios right right
we have a ton of subscribers here I see
a lot of pizza rolls that's great
they're the only ones that are left Big
Ups in the rolls that sounds bad all the
rules are here
Oh
are they asking anything not an
interesting chat all right come on chat
talk to us and we're gonna go away well
I got new steam items pried from tower
fall yellow or Dijon mustard yes yes
what are these
okay get new badges
they're gonna be edges
now
alien and the alien isolation game
coming up it looks interesting but no
who said neither was a really fond of
horror yeah it's it might be a neat
alien simulator yeah but I'm I'm partial
to the second one anyway so I need to
rewatch both of those it's been so long
since I've seen alien are aliens
they just really want those yeah I'm
trying to think of what games come
Anthon I'm really excited about I'm
nothing nothing there's nothing coming
up that I'm particularly excited about
now now I'm very excited to play
guacamelee the the new the new
guacamelee
for the next prereq
I'm excited to have rich play rich
hasn't played it we did we did a boring
game last I haven't so I specifically
chose the most exciting game I could
play I could think of to play no more
turn-based shit
guacamelee incidentally I have not
accepted your friend request because my
my friend request buffer thing is full
yeah I cannot I literally cannot accept
new friends yo so we need cards it's not
you it's me
if you are already friends with us and
have trading cards that you hidden gifts
to us I gots I've got like 55 people
backed off it wouldn't make much of a
difference to me I would need like a
hundred cards to accept everyone so yeah
we're full
like that green box the top my scheme is
my esteem and just won't vanish because
I can't get rid of those 55
I can I can take this I can just say
ignore all yeah but I don't wanna do
that no no no save saving for when you
get up that car dealer when I when I
when I get free slots I accept five more
yep nice so that's the story there all
right sorry gonna ready jack that's all
right that was a valid question though
I'm I don't want to answer that is very
question
yeah ooh next month we get a we hit
Mario Kart 8 DLC so excited about that
that's that's it that's all right now I
know right
super paella they announced the super
meatboy release date November
so that's gonna be super meatboy sorry
sorry binding of issac Iona binding of
issac really steep that's the only game
that me boy finding it be play that's
the game I will only just play that I
will want us to do an episode on it we
shouldn't cuz I will spend the entire
time gushing is it a sequel or is it
just an updated version of the current
game it is a top-down 100% remake Oh
what are they changing them to make it
worth it cuz it's not that old it's not
that old so new levels new art new items
new new everything ever every single
piece of content is new from the ground
up why aren't just call it a sequel cuz
still basically the same thing
Ruka might be excited about it if it's
the same thing it'll run smoother okay
Binding of Isaac is a little notoriously
kind of glitch it'll run on the ps4 and
Vita which is really exciting and like
right now there's no controller support
you need a third-party application to
play the game with a controller even
though it's a twin stick shooter which
played best with controllers okay so all
the controller support update it'll have
a ton of new content I guess it could
have been a sequel mmm it's just the
same I guess I don't know good question
it's honestly the only thing I'm excited
about well what else comes out there's a
big Christmas Bush what comes out this
Christmas theme tell me what comes out I
have no idea what's coming out I looked
I looked before
for the next he there it is let me go
baby he's crying he's naked
he's crying and he's naked
never even heard of any in these games
Oh beyond Earth could be fun
Oh everything sucks not looking not
looking for day if it's that way games
are there too many
you
aim am I looking forward to it none of
this it's all bullshit what game are you
least looking forward to Milo Lisa
yes least looking forward to what does
that mean I don't know I'm being so you
are being silly I what I'm what I see
here is there is a some new Call of Duty
ghosts DLC so don't go well that seems
very uninteresting yeah oh it looks like
you might be able to fight aliens though
oh how do you feel about Borderlands I
haven't played any of them sorry I don't
have a strong opinion I played the first
Borderlands and it's a fun shooter
what's it like it's like a third person
shooter slash driving thing like a
first-person okay first-person shooter
okay like like rage but just cel-shading
yeah kind of the the big thing is is
equipment you know like definitely like
a little RPG because you get the stats
for all your guns and you get to choose
the best gun it's fine shooter colorful
good characters never got into it though
be a little bad about that I'm assuming
both of them are out on the PC because I
just saw a steam ad for the people
yeah I'm fine yeah cuz I'm not playing a
fucking first-person shooter on a
console I know fucking clumsy ass
gamepad I know and I get a new item in
my inventory
I get that I don't know I just got a
card for some reason I wasn't playing a
game
you're weird oh I am playing a game
that's right rich did you play any of
the PC gold box games well I don't even
know what those are
there you go so if you did you never
realize you were doing yes no one the PC
cool gold box games I don't know no idea
oh no I do
okay
I think we've run out yeah
we've run out but I guess if we're gonna
if we're gonna end the stream on
anything oh no some body
you