Episode 073
Punch Out Wii - Sick and Tired (Part 3)
October 7, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0SFzqHP1yU
___________________________________________

you do do what you do t can't do it no
more
King Hippo is now wearing a a manhole
cover strapped to his belly oh my god so
you have to fight King here hippo with
our you have to get the man cover hole
cover off that's funny
want me to feel about I've never tried
it's really disturbing how good I am in
this knowing his animal noises
it's okay razor Vader if you have
different opinions in that's that's why
their opinions we can have different
things and still have this horse so I'm
glad you still kind of like me I'm glad
that we can have these conversations
that's right it doesn't say anyone in
the rulebook that you can to duct-tape a
manhole cover to your abdomen
what join the fun Club today
incidentally they did release a Nintendo
funnel or whatever the new clubs call
yeah special download for them only and
it's too late to get it now dr. Lewis is
punch-out where you get to fight your
trainer really yes yes that's do you
guys do the Humble Bundle I've done a
couple hundred humble bundles said
general feller huh in general so another
guy on Juno once
no that was sledgehammer ah now I do
have a bundle well not all the time I've
done a couple of things that know how
the one though is just a way to get that
deals and what I say what you wanted one
hunts
I've done a couple that's how I got a
tiny barbarian tiny barbarian was on
humblebundle bats
a couple other like pixel art game if
any of my matches go into the third
round I don't think any of my mattress
is gonna think so I think you do too
well
ball ball is going to kill me someone's
telling us to check our twitch messages
I've you checked a few tries to use a
lot of times it goes to spam and I don't
know why what kind of message really
should we be expected I don't know
speaking of humble bundles check your
twitch me ears may notice Pamela so I
don't know what that is so sorry
if we don't get you
even a risk of rain on the Humble Bundle
hide alone Oh gun point is on the Humble
Bundle right now that's true
I approve reject is not the gun point
yeah I don't much care for gun point
I think it's a fine game rate really
like that but it's like you know like
I'm sure it's it's gun points in other
games of a similar style arts art style
where it's I can get it for all of our
two bucks you know I like the Humble
Bundle
those like a pay that you want for some
of them there so they're essentially
giving games away for free yeah I hear a
lot of times are there they're DRM free
so I approve of you can you can choose
whether you want to be our embryo
rich is a top punch-out player
absolutely right um I might lose your
because it's been so long
oh my god risk of rain is $2.49 right
now in humble store go to the fucking
humble store and can't risk a brand it's
a great game I've been thinking about it
recently yeah just wanting to play a
risk of rain it's a great fucking game
go to the humble leave right now we open
up a new tab humble bundle humble bundle
humble bundle humble bundle humble
bundle their don't want me to say about
that you guys need more speed cards yes
we always do more steam cards richer I
are always always on a search yeah with
with cards people give me recently I've
been able to grow up like in one letter
three people with my friends cubes right
that's a good question our review of
risk of rain so that we didn't see
ourselves playing whispering after 10
hours I got now
yeah you know what after about 10 15
hours of play I put it down for a couple
months
but now I want to get back into it it
won't like go to games oh well yeah that
was your gun or your phone yeah that was
mine that was my family yes and I did I
it like I got my fill and then I'm he's
done but now I'm I found myself thinking
about it recently and really wanting to
to get a plan but at fucking $2.50
that definitely worth 10 hours you know
Chris around our title class it's just a
good fight it's just a good fight
that's right mark sucio my friend list
is full as is riches
that's why we need cards if we get cause
we can get more friends but it's like we
can only get like three friends at a
time for every level yeah yeah honey
card
someone is asking if my feelings on
super time force ever changed or you
still not a fan I haven't had time I
haven't had time to pick it up again I
really did not like super high horse but
I was also kind of drunk when I played
super time force so I'm gonna give it
another chance
FPL is only four bucks on get a tea help
for fuck's sake four bucks
Jesus
watch the castle bunker that bouncing
speaking of Raymond Jack if you played
Rayman legends I have not but Rayman
Origins is one of the best platformers
of last generation Rayman Origins is a
game everyone should get in play it was
recently free for PlayStation Network
yes Plus members amazing game Rayman
Origins super recommended
I didn't play legends but if it's the
same team I'm sure it's
if you had him yeah yeah I dodged every
punches oh you got that last punch
gotcha
legends is better than origins move I've
seen that nidhogg game that looks like
it's it's a fun it looks like it's a fun
time maybe give you that next group
stream where's your honor rich I haven't
used the dots Louis health boost yes you
know I'm wondering if I shouldn't give
in you can you can do what eat is
charcoal yeah do you need it I need it
then do it there we go all right you
chocolate bar Jack
Jack what about an alternative to kungfu
move investors listen my wait we've got
a bunch of ideas we we mapped the Howard
sweet maps out what might end up to be a
year's worth of best of the worst I
don't think any of them are all the
conclusions of solidarity old computers
are tough because they're old and you
know the three old kung fu movies might
be pretty similar as far as talking
points we we mapped out a lot of best of
the worst recently so there will be some
really good episode I'm very excited oh
yeah that was the other one there was
when it when I got him when I got tiny
barbarian there was a beginner
adventures there was like ha ha ha game
where you were out war hog their wagon
adventures which looks pretty fun
it's not you know what it does take a
while to make best of the worst episodes
a lot of times it just you know it just
finds we need a day it literally takes
an entire day to fill the best doorstep
we're watching three movies and having a
cup oh you start new usually and mom
could get out 11:00 midnight sometimes
one like it it takes all fucking day to
shoot one of those episodes the
scheduling thing this might be why loose
this is not him great Tigers almost
certainly gonna get me mm-hmm when am I
gonna make rlm watch torque I don't know
torque work it's one of those movies
that's kind of like intentionally bad
yeah but not really it's just over the
top it's a movie it's a movie about it's
like a facet here's more motorcycles and
there's actually a fight on motorcycles
where they use motorcycles if I take a
turn rich is a turn a turn you stare
turn downward yeah
spiffy bumpers asking how long do the
conversations glass with pulla editing
down I don't have yeah
you know we try to spend we try to spend
a half hour on each movie so three
movies hour and a half conversation
maybe sometimes two hours four times
longer he has a story that's great
when the sperm comes out he's gonna do
it the late hunch so he kills you what
timing
and this primal asks how long do you
guys watch your stuff before you say yes
let's pump it I mean very rarely yeah a
lot of times if if my courage a have
been headed and they have a lot of times
it just goes up there's no there's no
preview actually I rarely get a preview
of any of the edits just because I'm not
today I got to watch something you know
Mike was editing isn't he handsome he
had some concerns for certain areas and
you know we want to give our papers but
no it's almost immediately after it's
done being edited it goes off there's
very little this this game might be
really you get this get no more heroes
you get mad world or we you yeah you get
to we you and you get always I don't
know who's right what sir I'm so mmm I'm
home free Rizzoli pre-record just
something that rich and I had talked
about
when you talked about step for a while
you know we knew rich and the guys tries
Gamestation and they all agree that they
didn't want to do it anymore
yeah and rich and I knew that we talked
about video games so it was kind of just
one of those things that happen I don't
think either of us sensible to do this
eventually it just eventually just
started doing Michael jr. always busy
editing busy doing this yeah mentioned
games at work we tried game station and
I'm getting punched yeah and like the
problem with game station is that rich
didn't have any pre purchasing Binding
of Isaac rebirth of 1333 percent off
absolutely yes everyone should
pre-purchase some binary logit rebirth
get it it's gonna be the greatest game
ever maybe Kimber I get I get binary
Isaac rebirth free because I'm a
PlayStation Plus member and I'm still
pre-ordering it on Steam because I want
to be able to play it no matter where I
am at all times I'm so excited for
fighting by the
to view but asks is Jesse the boss oh
that's a good idea mark CTO prereq the
meal of the worst very sorry right now
Oh No root small punch on your 100% game
station needs a reason I liked I did
like I do like this like and that's
something that when we talked about it
previously recorded you know we were we
had Pripet some fucking insane ideas for
previously recorded but what it all
boils down to is logistics we needed
something that we could shoot easily
with very little budget and have a quick
turnaround and so when it comes to
sketches when it comes to locations we
can't have too much of it because that
requires time that requires money and we
don't have none of it
Vanessa navigator with a person has a
great scream asks how much time at
Harlem do you spend a week rich is an
actual employee here yeah so rich is
here all the time
very smooth uh yeah I I don't work so
let's see here if I'm gonna I'm gonna
need a break before I get back take a
break late tiger I wanna I want to
actually think about this so much so so
usually if like for example this week
I'll just be here today and I got here
at like 1:30 today so so what's that so
you know that's eleven eleven twelve
hours I'll be here today but that's
probably it for the week but then if we
do a previously recorded and if I'm
helping them shoot something else you
know I'll be here for thirty hours 40
hours but that's only two three days
I'm just here whenever they need me
that's all I do
I just come whenever they need help for
something the game station set was cool
I agree I agree
is the prereq couch with the wall decals
in his house or the area that's the
arlen studio that's the screening room
it's the same room that you see in the
in the best of the worst it's just a
different camera angle
captain jackoff swallow says a hundred
grand a year brah we swallow a prereq
gets none of that money we the 100% of
the patreon money goes to red letter
media and we're kind of the offshoot
jack gets none of that money prereq gets
none of that money
our only money is from twitch
subscribers and and now our YouTube
channel money which is very little so
every once in a while you know like like
we're we're talking with the guys and we
store some stuff here we worried they're
helping us with food with Seth stuff
we're looking in that but we get none of
the patreon
alright what's gonna win Ernest
oh ho there they were and they were they
were trying to call me out on us not
having any money
citing patreon yeah and I was letting
them know that we did none of that
let's see there yeah I'm not rolling in
the dollars that's you know I don't do
we keep bringing up Humble Bundle me and
that's one of the reasons ya know it's
good but I'm not buying anything cuz I
scraped by yeah I feel guilty when I
spend unnecessary your company box here
there that is not necessary this is the
thing about working for the Internet
the money doesn't go far alright and
that's ok you doing here's the thing
razor gamer you don't have to give us
money we appreciate oh yeah you know
we're this is not us asking for money
we're just letting you know what's going
on this is just what's going on space
got better kick ass I agree
I don't know how much a good switch the
exotics Gigi lover
just subscribe thank you so so jack is
your work for rlm pro bono or do they
pay you freelancer II I don't know if
I've ever earned money
oh no that's not true
yeah pretty awesome the prereq youtube
channel I did it I got a cut of that and
they gave me I want to say they gave me
$50 for being in top of the debt differ
for my role as a zombie number 14
joggers zombie
in doctor's event I think I got 50 bucks
so that that is all of the money I have
ever gotten
I come here because I enjoy human Gbagbo
sort of puppets he's pretty nasty why
submerge Matt's still photo easy answer
hey man move to you thank you for
subscribers we really appreciate that
the price of a cup of coffee and make
rich Evans
Britta's 56-bit you can feel sorrow in
your cat you can feed a starving returns
a crappy video all right listen
Captain Jack I understand what you're
saying is you're saying Jack and got
that YouTube money easy total well that
I hope you're being sarcastic because
you don't make money from YouTube but I
think I figured it out the other like I
was trying to do the math and it's
something like it's something like a
dollar for every thousand views
is how those houses no problem okay if
you are you to partner it won't cost
about $1 every thousand reviews maybe if
you're lucky
so you know if you have a decent video
that can get a hundred thousand views
you get a hundred bucks
oh no cancel next year get into the
patron the ticket this jacket you didn't
ask me I put five bucks towards your
patron should I take it out and put it
towards you guys I don't have the cash
to the patron you can do
also captain deca
swallow I would appreciate you not
calling YouTube that I'm not I'm not
down with racist lingo in general so
with the all-caps you're kind of getting
on my nerves as it is and with the way
you take your thing so I hop the racism
and also like my like my estimates are
for YouTube money is skewed things
different for everyone the way YouTube
AB dollars works is companies actually
bid on ads and so the longer people
watch your videos the more money they
will pay for those the more subscribers
you have the more they pay for them so
people with large subscriber bases have
larger incomes obviously pre-record
there's not a lot it's different for
everyone
so how I feed myself as I'm a freelance
producer and editor I do corporate work
and all their video related work I was
funnier than we've talked about this a
lot
yes I do porn that's how I make my money
I do the worst porn ever I make porn and
then I I show it to people and I say if
you don't want me to put this out give
you actually make porn and they pay me
not to
detective Rogers asked what is or was
your dream job jackets then it's what
I'm doing it's making 20 videos I make
funny videos for a living sometimes or
sometimes the Victorian corporate video
I don't have it nice nice someone is
saying Jack why the least parented the
rlm team well no I think it has
something to do with my education level
or by far though he's talented I could
buy in pure weird well I'm different
skills you're weird
we all have different skills I'm the
Rudy of Arlen the Rudy's yes
have you made any Courtney training
videos I have made Courtney training
videos I've made I've made some videos
that will never see the light of day and
I'm really happy about that because
they're very boring but that's what you
do to pay the bills the prank call was a
freak accident
I could not reproduce that it was great
I know I know rich is a great person to
have when you're talking about ideas you
want rich Evans in there he will come up
with some amazing shit
he's a bouncing is great
manga
is the internet especially tonight I
think the Internet's always what it is
is Dean and that's okay
we're not gonna talk about it rich is a
star as a star he's a star he's a big
wrench that stuff is true I did not make
you fucking going
they're linked to some of your
professional that's gone no no I think
you know we've talked about that before
like if you want like it sounds a fun
stuff that I get to do the is like the
hey pass me a beer videos those are
branded viral videos some less
successful I wasn't just some shit
that's really boring and crappy oh my
god
smiling strange just subscribe thank you
smiling strange
we appreciate your subscription my main
man geez gives you away is a black rose
now oh he's all bloody he's depressed
does that mean a glass too I'm just a
nurse love it love it]
yes Elvis Elvis is a poopoo peepee so
obviously you can see how Julia
Oh
drag them decks shitty video I'll give
you okay I'll give you one I'll give you
one of the shitty videos that identify
well they I'm not very proud of I got
called I got called on to consult for a
video for Windows forms and video for
Windows Phones starring Jim Gaffigan and
I didn't direct it or write it or
anything I just got call on for a
consulting job which can be really fun
but also those pretty solos wanna we're
basically they just probably there to
help bounce ideas and they wanted
something that went viral and then did
everything in their power to make it an
odd go home we picked out some really
amazing ideas and they took none of them
and there was there some good talents as
far as like the the both the writer and
the director and the people who were
there to consult like all people who had
had viral bits and we came up with a
slew of great ideas that they rejected
them all Jim Gaffigan Windows Phone I
forgot what they're called it was
terrible it was it turned out to be not
funny at all
I think it's safe for work working
working for marketing people is not fun
but pays the bills and you know I think
what they got out of it turned out all
right it's just not viral video
consultants I'm at the Pelican video
unit video consultant and I make viral
videos
I love poop again pi2 thank you bono
Doug we're going for a tener tied with
the campy song not really at seminary
but I was trying to make it look like a
shitty children's show so I mean hiked
America's own they could have been in
there too
I wasn't necessarily going for it
what
to act as a video for highlight I am a
video producer and editor by training
someone is saying that Jim Gaffigan
offer you a film role if you but you
didn't laugh at one of my jokes and that
made me feel really good
yeah it's what decisions fuck I'm just
not come out oh oh you won by decision
again yeah that's funny
I've done better than I thought I would
you're doing it you're doing it
Lucas heart says I thought all you
needed to do to make video go viral was
having hambo do something he win likes
it or not yes you know you make you make
you kind of understand what the internet
likes after a while which is why we made
a 60 minute long video review well let's
see that's the thing that's that's a
freak event right there it's not it's
not really a freak if you look at it in
hindsight wise it's not a freak event
because doing doing something like doing
something like that got significantly
more views than the Star Trek movies
because of course there's a larger fan
base no star horror movies and Star Trek
movies and infotainment is always
popular and so be usually what it is is
the amount of information you give you
have to give an equal amount of
entertainment infotainment is always
fine
to make a viral video around biscuit I
can't
that's a good idea to tell this Harlem
bobbleheads I don't even know who you
talk to about making babies that's a
good idea though I like it oh my god he
takes off his lung that's awesome that's
awesome I think oh yeah I can't let this
guy beat me
oh no he's lovely he's a dick you got
any fun
no a biscuit is your name with my cat
not the name of my penis
Jack how many a firm contact you if they
want to bring you on as a consultant
usually they email my email is public
knowledge if you guys want to know my
email it's Harlech har la CK that's
matcom that is public now you can also
go to my website website anymore
Packard brothers talk to my brother Nick
Packard brothers comm my brother Nick
handle our weird sometimes my ball head
is beautiful thank you
how do I feel about our fans coming up
with all the good ideas I feel great
about it cuz it's less work for us
what is your great job
oh my castle hands are down did you
friend me on Wii I know my it's it's
very easy to make a me of yourself when
you're evolved man with glasses
that's funny you guys are funny you guys
say funny things and I like them Elvis
Elvis is Jack so I've had the baby
Richard idea the bobble head ideas send
should I send in my resume I make wine
to play any instrument is that true oh
my god we should do that do a stream of
all Atari 2600 hey hey not of the eggs
thank you for subscribing we appreciate
it
Aaron Ryan's never taken me down the
coop crates a friend I can't miss the
plane this is nuts you're doing great
wait what's my favorite Nicholas Cage
movie face off of course face offs the
greatest movie ever
yeah what you know that's really kind of
a silly thing to say this ball soft you
know I like balls hard ball soft balls
are soft exactly and when your balls get
hard you know it's going down doctor
that's why things are balls hardens
because when your balls get hard you're
in trouble okay okay so when something
is balls hard look out you're ready for
that chemo that's not right right
what is the stream lagging oh we might
be dropping frames what's going on here
no we're not very open broadcaster tells
us if I grab the brand someone asks Jack
how did you feel going bald so young
that's exactly yeah you know I started I
started really losing my hair right when
I graduated high school and it was slow
descent from there and for a while I
tried to cover it up and for a while I
tried to do weird stuff and then I just
eventually accepted it I'm much happier
now that I shave I think that was the
right call if you look back in and like
my first
best of the worst episode you can see
what I look like with slightly longer
hair and I was still balding and I think
that looks weird what so I've been
really happy since I started
if I shave my head I'd look like Charlie
Brown how do you feel about looking like
movies I guess I feel fine
I'm the bald man with glasses you need
reflexes oh hey boob just subscribed I
use a suit for boo-boos do it for bewbs
thanks miss describe those geeks yes
just Joe Oh
really I get that now and I'm sorry but
as we've already discussed
there's no my god that gives it so much
honk back that guy someone asked what
our opinions on these are public
settings to permanent for me yes
sure sure
thanks ace cut space I like this for a
while I was uh
and I still mind I'd want a hole swings
entire arm underneath you soda drinking
monster you can do it
I am I am 32 response to go home guys
this is it
we're supposed to go
turning I'm sorry I'm sorry
he takes your belt yeah it's time on
defense
oh that's yours if I want to back that
beam if you go into your stash so sorry
here you know here okay paper women crap
outta me with this cheating radioactive
soda pop oh all right P ah Little Mac oh
oh you need to beat him like these
mustard you want to give it another go
or is that it that's it okay that's it
unless you want to try about the mode Oh
God
once hold on someone just reminded me
that I needed to post a picture of the
snot bucket okay
and I'm taking a picture of rich Evans's
it's not bucket right now Jesus Christ
all right hold on I just took a picture
of rich Evans it's not okay Oh and
Twitter crashed
great thanks ios8 yeah we'll do it to
plan
we'll do it to play hold on I need the
snap hook it back crashed this is the
thing Ritchie's been using do you need
more lunch you get it from that ago yeah
and I like tilt oh yeah like that this
is the thing rich has been using to put
his use tissues in all day well since
we're serving the string since we're
saving this room and I think it's
hilarious it's practical and functional
fun it's weird it worked
is there snot everywhere other than in
that bucket
Rich's snot button snip bucket now it's
not fuckin slut bucket challenge' riches
snot bucket just tweeted it just tweeted
it reaches now fuckin alright Jack
what's the story here you're done then
yeah oh no we're gonna do two layers one
do that Pat yeah
anon demands thank you for subscribing
we appreciate it
have a pizza roll the main man jeez give
us to give you what's up all right I
need this I'll probably need to pare it
here we go here oh yeah fine okay hold
on we need to pair another Wiimote
so that Jack can play too
you cannot get a collection of riches
use two cheap tissues so you can call
him just put that out there
how much do they pay just a snap book
I'll send that off the cash it'll be
during the next eBay auction how about
that
I would how do we pair I don't know I
don't know you know here mister we you
you have to go back a little you been
you oh my god I hope not
hold on we're pairing maybe that was
that go one of the reconnect reconnect
this for that one Jack you won't be able
to play just because you have a Wii mode
I know you won't be able to play oh oh
yeah I think I have to press this button
yeah okay I figured it out there's a
button on the Wii U that you also have
to press okay yeah see there I am
all right thanks number two okay
the Twitter is at previously reck
previously re see ya the red button in
front let's see here
Thank You Jack this rich ever Carl into
your bed when he's scared I got scared
that's a much better to action that's a
much better much better at answer than I
was going to do
yep eBay auction one thousand dollars
for props not plastic plastic clear chip
per se okay
default the meal all right here we go me
versus Jack Jesus I am uh there's gonna
be I believe I am classic Little Mac
with the green gloves and Jack's and the
gold and orange hey corundum a 1 2 or 3
thanks for subscribing we super
appreciate it
we're Gerner we're gonna fight each
other now
so the to the death house
Oh what are you doing don't you well I
noticed that out out
oh my god what do I do you fight oh but
I don't get my perspective anymore
nope you're the big guys
Oh house
Jesus Christ this is tough this is
action top so big so quickly you might
have torn something I'm ready I'm ready
it was just really tough being the Big
Agnes
but
oh fuck you
now
Oh Mario Kart 8 hashtag never forget
okay okay okay okay okay
ah fuck you
oh man you absolutely right I need to
add mustard to my boxing gloves that
doesn't make me want to hit you more
right okay okay oh yeah
riches riches little mac riches in the
green and I'm in the I'm not sure why
you are fighting
don't I get extra points for punching it
without stopping
ah Jesus Christ I've never lost and
head-to-head oh yeah yeah my my sisters
now X giant giant man he looked exactly
like Brian Urlacher oh my god maybe just
a smidgen smaller but not by much huh
and we're playing this and I kept
kicking his ass repeatedly and he's
starting to get angry and you know what
I could have backed down but I can't I
swear to God punch me in the face but I
wasn't gonna lose I wasn't gonna
surrender at punch I was sure I just
wasn't gonna do it
yeah I love your tricks by the way
trying to get back first punches
oh no wait to it wait
oh here we go there we go yes yes oh I
thought ahead you over that hit there we
go there we go
don't go get me get me Jenny I don't
think I can get you this round
oh okay definitely more bruised than I
am some look here yeah look like a
butterfly sting like mustard in your eye
Oh
well that's one version one so we have
to do one search to decide the ultimate
winner of winning this always beat
punching a BPD right hmm
that was what
I definitely
Wow you monster
Wow whatever there see one shot well
have you bought hold up it only works
it's over Hannah
ah damn it mmm son you got nothing to
worry about
Giga Mac is that's predictable as a
clock okay okay you're right you're
absolutely right beyond infinite I got a
hunger the fuck down let me get up on
that roof show this little Mac who's
boss your legs in it you got my strategy
Oh Ariel my strategy of you trying to
get those fucking stars Oh
Sugar's paycheck that's very true
well plane thank you all right yeah you
did good listen your your your uh punch
out Novus you beat me that second batch
I got you once I'm gonna have to that'll
that'll have to be it ah that's good
that's good sorry that we stopped
talking for 20 minutes there but rich
Evans all-time world champion great okay
yes this won't go up on YouTube they'll
go up on YouTube eventually of course
they probably won't be up for weeks but
in any case thank you guys so much for
coming out we really do appreciate that
you pay attention to our idiocy um
and we'll be back Sundays solo stream or
Sunday Jack and a half is what we're
calling it now look let me try a sick
mood for you okay okay you're ruining
you draining all of your energy yeah
okay you're right
yeah all good night everybody
