Jun 12, 2012
Red Letter Media Talks About Prometheus [SPOILERS]
youtube.com/watch?v=-x1YuvUQFJ0, 
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/212523370212892672
redlettermedia.com/red-letter-media-talks-about-prometheus-spoilers

what was that black goo was the black
goo different than the sparkly green goo
was the black goo always intended for
use as a weapon or was it just weird
alien come why did Ridley Scott let his
twelve-year-old son do the makeup for
whaling how did the pre-recorded
hologram old man an old man make of
nowhere to look at the scientists at
wire holloway assume that the air was
okay to breathe inside the spaceship
just because they detected an oxygen
atmosphere
what about alien diseases and deadly
microbes I would have kept my fucking
space helmet on just in case so they
bring along a biologist and the second
that they find a dead alien body instead
of being curious about it scientifically
he just wants to run away it's been dead
for ten thousand years before sending
this biologist out on a four-year long
space mission didn't they do some kind
of psychological profile on him the
results would have showed that he was
some kind of pussy I have to take a
psychological profile test when I apply
for a job at Target but then later when
that same scientist is confronted with a
sketchy looking grey alien penis he
wants to stick his face in it that seems
kind of stupid to me what was the point
of revealing Charlize Theron as Whelan's
daughter
why did Whalen want David to infect
Holloway with the black goo did David do
it on his own
was it to find out what the black goo
did to a person did he have a
malfunction in his robot brain is David
a secret asshole if the black goo alters
people's DNA I did a little fish come
out of Holloway's eye why did David know
that Sean Holloway would have sex right
after he infected him with the black goo
and that she would instantly get
pregnant with the squid alien somehow is
he an expert in things that have never
ever happened if we share the same DNA
with the engineers that created us why
do other life-forms on earth not share
the same DNA
the engineers landed on earth and
created life on Earth and how come there
was 65 million years
of dinosaurs before us why would the
last engineer waste his time hunting
down Shaw and Charlize Theron when he
could have just blew his ship away and
completed his mission how did those two
guys get lost in the caves when the ship
had an elaborate 3d map and were
tracking their every move and they were
in constant communication with the ship
why would the Prometheus crew agree to
go on a four-year mission when they're
not even briefed about what the mission
is until right before the mission starts
what if the mission involved a gang bang
why did Weyland have to pretend he was
dead yeah why did the engineers create a
star map back to a planet that was just
their weapons research facility why did
no one give a shit that Whalen was alive
and then also not give a shit when
Weyland died wouldn't Waylon being
revealed that he was alive be some sort
of very obvious deceit why would those
two dumb broads run in a line when
they're trying to escape a crashing
circle ship that was rolling after them
why did the engineers want to come to
earth to kill us when they created us
was creating us a mistake why was it a
mistake what was the security recordings
that showed all the engineers running
from something were they running from
the black goo was the black goo
attacking them if they were running away
from the black goo that was attacking
them and trying to kill them then why
was the one guy running into the room
where all the vases with the black goo
was when the door closed and cut his
head off shouldn't he have been running
away from that room did he forget his
wallet in there hey guys have you seen
Prometheus what's prometheus
