RLMâ€™s 2014 Summer Movie Round-up
April 3, 2014
http://redlettermedia.com/rlms-summer-movie-round-up/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xpHS7_OpSk, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/451770781437939715

hey everyone I might and I'm Jay and
this summer's about to heat up with a
whole bunch of new movie that's right
Mike there's so many new and original
movies to look forward to this summer
movies like Rio - which is the sequel to
Rio in the mood for some laughs how
about a haunted house
that's another sequel and Mike what
would summer be without another
Wolverine movie
I can't wait well we got to have some
laughs this summer it's time for another
hilarious Adam Sandler comedy I don't
even know what it's called and don't
forget the gang's all back for 22 Jump
Street 22 Jump Street yeah kids like
movies - how about How to Train Your
Dragon 2 which is a sequel to How to
Train Your Dragon 1 of course I already
know how to train my dragon but the
summer is not all about explosions Mike
remember to take your lady to sea think
like a man - was there a think like a
man 1 doesn't matter no and what would
the summer be without a bunch of loud
fucking noise and confusion that's why
we have transformers 4 coming up
starring Mark Wahlberg or Jason Statham
for somebody then it's time to rev up
for fast in the Furious 7 that's right
rest in peace Paul Walker they've
replaced your unfinished themes with the
CGI version of you cuz they don't
fucking care and there's always time for
monkey business cuz this summer the dawn
of the Planet of the Apes comes out
which is a sequel to Rise of the Planet
of the Apes which is not to be confused
with Tim Burton's Planet of the Apes
which was a reboot of the original
Planet of the Apes movies are you
fucking following me and planes - hey
Jay
Hercules came out in January which means
it's time for a reboot
this one's directed by Brett Ratner
which means it's
Thanks hey Michael Bay how about you
ruined another childhood favorite
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
I hear the film so bad they're not even
screening it for audiences Sylvester
Stallone is still kind of alive how
about another Expendables movie
Expendables 3 hits theaters whatever you
know it'll scare up some money at the
box office
Paranormal Activity 5 then they already
make that no that was Paranormal
Activity the marked ones which is an
offshoot of the original paranoid well
Jay I'm really excited about the 2014
summer movie season which is comprised
solely of sequels and remakes that's
right Mike and be sure to LIKE this
video and follow us on Facebook and
Twitter
that's right Jay but we'd like to take a
moment to give a shout out to the
sponsors who paid for this video
sponsors like 20th Century Fox Warner
Brothers Columbia Pictures MGM
DreamWorks Universal Pictures what up my
boys at Disney latinum Doom's
entertainment limited corporation and
millennium films thanks Hollywood we're
really looking forward to the movies
this summer
