Jul 9, 2016
Scientist Man Explains Terminator Genisys
youtube.com/watch?v=JXJiSZhA5cg
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/619205124108472321
redlettermedia.com/scientist-man-explains-terminator-genisys

hello and welcome when discussing
Terminator Genisys there are several key
years you need to keep in mind ready
1965 1973 1984 1985 1995 1997 2004 2007
2017 2029 and 2032 you got it let's
begin hello young man
why that's a mighty big life preserver
you're wearing i'm scientist man and i
heard you have some questions about the
new film terminator genisys 1965 that's
the year Sarah Connor was born and we
have 1984 that's when the first
Terminator showed up to kill Sarah
Connor when she was 19 years old okay so
she's 19 and 1984 but I thought in
Terminator 3 they say she was born in
1959 let's move on our next stop in our
timeline is 1985 that's when John Connor
was born all the way to the events so
1984 is when the original Terminator was
sent back in time to kill Sarah Connor
right correct
okay now I've seen the trailers for the
new movie and Arnold's olds that's 1984
buddies why is he old well there's
actually three Arnold's in the new movie
there's digital Arnold 1984 Arnold is
middle-aged Arnold in 1984 and then
there's old Arnold in 2017 see in 1974
someone sent a liquid terminator back to
kill 9 year-old Sarah Connor for some
reason and then someone presumably the
resistance sent a terminator the t800
model backed up to protect Sarah in 1970
so okay so the the t800 that befriended
Sarah Connor as kid killed the
terminator
that was sent from the future it's a
1984 well technically Sarah Connor
killed that Terminator he just beat a
bomb Sarah Connor shot him in the heart
with a big big gun okay so they killed
him so wouldn't that stop everything
from happening that's what they were
trying to accomplish in the first movie
anyway I'm sorry next question okay and
you mentioned something about 2017 well
in 1984 since 1974 t800 Arnold from 1998
Morgan Adams oh that time mr. Sarah
Connor could travel to 1997 which was
the original date of judgement day
before changed to 2017 this is the
original date of Judgment Day yeah but
that shouldn't be where a time line
starts really that without that would be
an alternate timeline so you maybe maybe
you should use green for this well but
no this is the original time I guess it
continues on in there so it's a 99 1997
is Judgment Day yeah or the original
Judgment Day but now everything's
changed as well but 1995 is when they
stop Judgment Day right right
yes and Judgment Day gets pushed pushed
back or push forward whichever way you
want to look at it to 2017 one of the
key factors is is that John Connor
becomes a digital robot wait what
Judgment Day has now been moved to 2017
that's right well the events of
Terminator 2 and three have been erased
from time okay so those movies are
pointless so they travel from 1984 it's
in 2007 yes even though Sarah Connor
wants to go to 1997 but Kyle Reese tells
her no because while he was being
traveled back through town something
called @e 5000 is the living embodiment
of Scotland's John College digital Miss
into his face which turns him into a t
3000 and that disrupts the timeline
which causes Kyle Reese to have memories
from the timeline that didn't exist
before what year did John Connor get
turned into a robot that would be 2029
like like most timelines are Arnold from
the third one kills John Connor in 2032
I killed you oh my god it's the last
date that we need to remember 2032 2032
yeah make that blue cuz that doesn't
happen now no it doesn't happen it
doesn't matter really
we could also erase the timeline of
Claire Danes career because once she
appeared in Terminator 3 it ceased to
exist this is the stuff we used to
chemically neuter dogs so we travel they
know the dates of Judgment Day in 2017
right what so I'm assuming they go back
you know week a month before it happens
no I actually even though they have a
time machine they go back just a few
hours before it starts leaving them very
little time to prepare talk to the hand
do you have any more questions little
boy one thing to keep in mind sir is
that everyone has a time machine John
Connor in 2017 as a time Arnold has - a
time machine a nine - Skynet has a time
machine in 2029 and oh my god so Skynet
is gonna send a robot back to 1984 no
I'm not saying that at all
oh my god what are you saying saying the
resistance at some point why is it in
1995 I'm just writing on the outside of
the circle oh okay this is just extra
room I have to write okay listen
so because the resistance screwed up the
whole timeline and now Sarah Connor and
Kyle Reese are in 2017 they have John
Connor and he could grow up to look just
like Edward Furlong so the resistance is
going to kidnap Sarah Connor and Kyle
Reese send them back to 1984 erase their
memories and have them fall in love meet
up in a shady hotel room and have sex at
the exact time and second that they did
before even down to the exact moment
that Kyle Reese ejaculated and thus
create the exact same John Connor
down to the very sperm and very egg that
were used
it's at the sperm and the egg no that's
a little worm crawling into an apple
okay it's unrelated well in the new
movie if Sarah Connor and Kyle Reese
stay in 2017 then John Connor is not
going to be born so then the future
resistance would not even know about
John Connor so they wouldn't even think
to send a future Sarah Connor in Kyle
Reese back in time dinette since they
failed in killing Sarah Connor in 1974
should have just sent another t1000 back
to 1973 her fucking just send a t-1000
back to when she was an infant
you know fucking defenseless babies are
so Skynet attempts to kill Sarah Connor
in 1974 correct a terminator attempts to
kill Sarah Connor in 1984 they attempt
to kill John Connor
in 1995 correct and they failed every
single time for being called terminators
they're not very good at terminating
people they're they're tryin a turn
all of your questions have been great so
Doctor Who in 2029 what sends robot John
Connor I don't know you're talking about
when you say doctor who can you refer to
him by his proper name the T 5,000 the
living embodiment of Skynet Cyberdyne so
when Matt Smith sends John Connor robot
John Connor from 2029 to 2017 what why
does he do that it's because the T 5,000
is aware that the resistance might win
so he sends zombie robot John Connor the
T 3,000 stupid name back through time
not to 2017 to probably I don't know
2014 to develop Cyberdyne industries
which works on three things
making a mimetic polyalloy liquid people
so the T 5,000 in this timeline what he
knows the Judgment Day is not going to
happen I think so he sends a robot back
to somewhere around John Connor not just
a robot
he says it's John Connor robots
somewhere in here T 3000 to make sure
that so it's the same sort of causality
loop like what we're doing Connor wants
a great ending for no reason a mimetic
polyalloy which is like the most fucking
amazing thing a time machine and an
operating system
you think John Connor himself being a t
3000 could just like into a computer
system and launch nuclear bombs for a
scientist you sound very biased on your
opinions on all the well you know I I
have to be honest with you I root for
Skynet when I watch these movies mainly
because I just want to see a bunch of
bad actors get burned up in a nuclear
fire I think that's it I mean do you
have any more questions well not so much
questions I'm just kind of thinking
about what they're gonna do with the
next movie because in this one it ends
with with Kyle Reese and Sarah Connor
they're in 2017 but they need a time
machine to go back to 1984 to ensure
that John Connor is born and I'm
guessing if they do that then you know
the events of the second movie and the
third movie those are going to happen
again right and we're just gonna reset
the timeline we're just gonna reset the
whole thing in which case
there is no Doctor Who in the future
there is no robot John Connor back here
we're just going to reset all of those
items and put everything back into place
in which case that there will not need
to be a terminator sent back to 1960 or
to 1974 part no I'm sorry I wasn't
listening can you repeat all that well
one of the real things that's going to
happen in the next film is John Connor
is going to send himself not as a robot
back in time to 1965 to replace Ringo
Starr and the Beatles like fuck it
that's what I would do I wanna hold your
hand I wanna hold your hand
copyright beetles well I I think I think
what they alluded to at the end of
Terminator Genisys is that Cyberdyne is
starting up again
that's when a robot from the future
Sarah Connor and Kyle Reese and they're
living happily in 2017 with their
manservant pops okay they're going to be
pregnant but it's going to be with a
girl and then she's going to be the
leader of the human resistance in the
future they're gonna put a twist on
things Joan Connor
Joan Connor so John Connor still alive
robot John Connor zombie robot John
Connor is still alive
twenty thirty nine twenty thirty nine
the new war starts because John gone Don
Connor is simply starting Cyberdyne
industries of launching nuclear missiles
and creating a robot nightmare world
that exists in 2039
and the leader of the future human
resistance to kill both a sound other
ten Mars
who's now 2781 billion T 1 billion
mimetic polyalloy nuclear fusion monster
that is as big as the Sun and this
mimetic polyalloy nuclear fusion monster
can devour whole planets and then
everybody shoots at it with a gun do you
have any other
I mean I'm sure you have a lot this is
speculation but it's definitely going to
happen okay okay at some point John
Connor takes the sports Almanac and
starts betting on horse races and making
gambling bets on sports teams and it
becomes the most wealthiest man in
America no you're confusing that with a
difference
franchise what you're talking about the
Indiana Jones series
