Jan 12, 2017
F**k You, It's January (2017)
youtube.com/watch?v=H18RUB1cxfI
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/819542134906884096
redlettermedia.com/fk-you-its-january-2017

well happy new year everyone at least
those of you who weren't killed by
terrorism hey Mike the holidays are over
and this month we get a new underworld
movie and a new Resident Evil movie so
you know what that means
fuck you it's January
that's right J when it comes to movies
fuck you it's January's the most magical
time of the year that's right Mike fuck
you it's January is the month that all
the studios release their movies they're
obviously too good for the end of the
year Oscar season also known as when
Studios dump all their garbage on your
face
this January get ready for movies such
as monster trucks and long lasts its
monster trucks about a truck with a
monster in it this is a real movie the
bye bye man not since jeepers creepers
have we had a horror film with the title
this laughable
I mean scary goodbye bye Matt bye bye
man he'll come for you oh look out for
that jump scare she closed the mirror
and there was someone behind her in the
mirror oh my god I wasn't expecting that
xxx
return of xander cage action actually
know what you're doing down there yeah
that's what she said
extreme edgy lesbian that's what she
said jokes extreme motorbiking Vin
Diesel is back as xxx in the most
anticipated movie of 2004 kick some ass
and try to look dope why are you doing
underworld blood wars this is the fifth
or maybe sixth movie in the ongoing
underworld saga a series that exists
solely to keep the producers wife
employed in this exciting new entry into
the series Kate Beckinsale wears black
leather and kicks a bunch of people
again brought to you by the good people
at Sony Resident Evil the final chapter
this is the fifth or maybe sixth movie
in the ongoing Resident Evil saga a
series that exists solely to keep the
director's wife employed in this
exciting new entry into the series Mila
Jovovich wears black leather and kicks a
bunch of people again brought to you by
the good people at Sony a dog's purpose
come on Bailey do it um this was me and
then this was me then I came back as
this little guy wait why wait is this
real or is this like a joke you're
shitting me it's real no well you're
nodding you're nodding your head is that
nodding your head is and it's not real
or it's real to come on this has to be a
joke really is that Dennis Quaid well
Jay the best films of the year don't
only come out in January now that's
right Mike we're getting so many sequels
and remakes and reboots from now until
the end of human existence that fuck you
it's January has been extended
indefinitely and retitled fuck you it's
forever
fuck you it's forever they're never
gonna stop
endless trash did someone say belated
sequels that no one asked for you know
they're starting to shut down movie
theaters now movies like Ring
zyre II of a Wimpy Kid 2 Pirates of the
Caribbean 5 there was a fourth one cars
3 saw 8 laid runner 2 Trainspotting to
ride a the 13th part 13 no joke they
finally made it Jumanji too or maybe
it's like a soft reboot when in doubt
say soft reboot but this one's got the
rock every movie has the rock well it's
better than and having Robin Williams PU
and don't forget all the sequels two
recent hit films like pitch perfect 3
Fast and the Furious 8 transformers 5
this is all your fault
just stop going to them we're talking
about you Chinamen the Smurfs for war of
the dawn of the Planet of the Apes of
the Despicable Me 3
aka minions - you're fucking kids love
those little shits
50 shades - John wick - nut job - is
that a porno Kingsman - Annabelle - did
someone say Annabelle - Jay the film's
already flopped and they haven't even
finished it yet
and don't forget about alien covenant
the much-anticipated sequel to
everyone's favorite film prometheus or
is it a prequel to alien I can't wait to
see another film where people land on a
planet investigate an abandoned ship
find some alien eggs get raped by a face
hugger and then run around some
corridors oh and there's Michael
Fassbender the robot
I guess he's back now is it a remake of
Prometheus
is it a prequel or a sequel maybe it's a
sequel reboot also known as a sea boot a
soft sea boot or is it a soft sequel sea
boot reboot prequel once you fail try
try again to fail more I don't think
even Ridley Scott can keep track of this
shit anymore
his brains have been scrambled by damon
lindelof but jail I think the question
that everyone is committing suicide over
is are there gonna be any more King
comic book movies this year are you
kidding me Logan or three guardians of
the galaxy - spider-man homecoming if
there's one thing we need it's the 3rd
reboot of a series in just a decade oh
and I guess some people are pissed off
that Mary Jane is black now even though
Mary Jane isn't in the movie
and don't forget about Wonder Woman I'm
sure DC won't fuck this up and lastly
the Justice League movie I'm sure DC
won't fuck this one up I just said that
oh well it makes sense that applies to
every DC movie oh shut up you marvel but
Mike
aren't there any original films coming
out this year that have no connection to
previously established franchises of
course there are J what would fuck you
its forever be without at least a few
movies that are totally original you
know movies like Kong Skull Island Power
Ranger Beauty and the Beast
King Arthur remember that ghost in the
shell' starring some honky The Mummy
it'll be out soon because I hear that
production has wrapped Stephen King's in
and Baywatch do you remember that
television show from the 90s
it's a movie now cuz remember it do you
remember it the slow-motion running on
the beach do you remember it
yep that's all the movies we have to
look forward to in 2017 boy oh boy I
can't wait
endless trash
