Half in the Bag Episode 009 Summer Movie Catch-up
Original Airdate: June 10, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-summer-movie-catch-up/



half in the bag get this shut off my
cabinet what is this it's sing-along
with Frank Worley oh my god this is the
voice of an angel what are you doing
with the Frank Worley tape oh that's
what I'm doing to the Frank Worley tape
who do you think you are that hammer MC
skat Kat no I think I'm fucking Thor the
God of Thunder by the way have you seen
couples retreat it's a really funny
movie I have sacrificed much
peace
for your arrogance stupidity you have
opened these peaceful realms and
innocent lives you're gonna have a heart
attack
no no this is a depressant this is a
stimulant they negate each other you are
a vain greedy cruel boy it's actually
good for your heart so it's kind of like
not drinking anything at all yep so we
just saw the movie Thor which is a
Marvel Comics feature starring Chris
Hemsworth and Natalie Portman it's about
the mythical figure Thor the Norse god
of thunder who comes to earth after
being banished from Eternia where he
lives in a happy land with his dad and
his mom and he falls in love with
Natalie's ass and wants to pound her
mound into infinity which is the general
plot of the film would you not agree
what movie did you see Jay what did you
think about Thor I enjoyed watching the
Thor I had a good time watching the
movie the whole thing is very silly it
reminded me of a sort of mid budget
eighties fantasy movie like Masters of
the Universe or Crowell I really liked
Thor
I was thoroughly entertained by it there
are some problems which I'll discuss but
it is what it is yes and that's kind of
what category it falls in into for me I
really like the opening because it
showed exactly like the world that Thor
is used to and of course that lended
itself perfectly to a handful of
fish-out-of-water drugs which work
there's just a few just enough they
didn't push it too far
well Thor is a bit of a narc you know as
a character he starts off kind of like
immature Brian Regan arrogant headstrong
etc and he wants to start he wants to
fight people he wants to prove his worth
and you know and then you know he gains
some wisdom over the film and I think
that's all the movies about yeah it's
very very simple
yeah disobey the scheme his fate is in
his own hands now
in regards to masters of the universe
there are two ways of doing these kind
of movies entirely in Thor's world or
entirely on earth and they kind of kept
going back and forth and and that that
was a little like oil and water to me
yeah well especially since the majority
of things that are happening on earth
are sort of like they feel like filler
in this movie yeah like the everything
with Natalie Portman like the only
reason she exists the only reason she's
in this movie is to be the generic love
interests and there's not much else to
that and uh yeah it sort of just feels
like we need to put these things in one
so people have something they can
connect to and to to pad out the movie
yeah yeah I mean Thor could have had a
romance with a girl that was part of his
warrior friends tribe or whatever so I
found myself like oh yeah Anthony
Hopkins is Laura's dad and know he's
injured and Loki is doing this thing and
then it's like Oh back to Natalie
Portman in the desert yeah what felt odd
was when that robot came down to earth
and started like blasting the town up
laughs that felt like whenever
something's in there in a moving it
doesn't feel like completely natural to
the story and it's like we have to have
a scene where on earth where action
happens yeah we haven't had an action
scene in 25 minutes yeah well not just a
time frame but all the action in the
movie essentially takes place in Thor's
universe yeah there's not a scene on
earth where there's action and and
there's it's not connectible yeah um but
but a thing knocking the car out of its
way with its arm is connected to the
audience right and and that also gets a
Natalie Portman involved and it merges
those two which is fine it's cool action
scene but it felt kind of unnecessary
yeah all the action scenes of this movie
are fun they're very light-hearted it
doesn't feel like there's much at stake
like it's a very there's not a lot of
characters to really latch on to it's
all very sort of it's like fluff this
movie's flung
this hammer should possess the bow next
I think I think overall though we might
be overanalyzing Thor not just because
it's called for the movie is what it
needs to be pretty much exactly it's a
Thor movie that's meant to set up
another movie yes basically what it is
yeah
one thing I don't understand about
Kenneth Branagh's direction is the the
choice to have every word shot be a
Dutch angle the Dutch angle started to
appear in the film
halfway through towards the end I saw a
lot there's a lot in the first half and
the seventh it goes from the most insane
shit in outer space to like car driving
down desert road and so it seemed like
well what do we do mark turn the camera
that don't make it like a comic book
thing like it was really like why are
they doing that yeah and like someone
that doesn't which is probably the case
with Kenneth Branagh some of the doesn't
know comic books doesn't understand
comic books trying to make something
that you think would look comic book
like I don't know I guess there's more
Dutch angles in this than the old Batman
TV show though no no that's an
over-exaggeration for comic purposes it
was a point where the Dutch angles were
getting so out of control that it was
already on a Dutch angle and he tried to
turn it to another Dutch angle and the
movie was sideways half of this movie
was completely sideways or perhaps it
was on a Dutch angle and such a degree
that it ended up being straight again so
you're saying that the shots in this
movie that are straight were maybe an
accent every shot was a Dutch angle
except for the the Dutch angles shots
which ironically were not Dutch angle
shots Wow because it had all come full
circle
those are straight shots I see okay or
maybe they just had a broken tripod so
to wrap up I would recommend Thor I
enjoyed it um never had you know it had
its moments it was fun entertaining lots
of good action and I don't want
something like a simpleton or moron you
know I get lots of good action in it but
for a movie that's about Thor it is a
movie about Thor yes oh man and you will
enjoy it on that level
it's not boring or horrible or stupid or
pandering or you know Michael Bay movie
yeah and it has Natalie Portman and she
has a pretty face and it's nice to look
at her face and the ladies you will like
to look at Chris Hemsworth's perfectly
cut abs and pectoral muscles when I
watched the film there were several
groups of ladies in the theater who had
all come middle-aged ladies who were
school teachers not comic book fans it
probably not comic book fans but they
were there for something do you think it
could have been because of stellan
skarsgård oh right yeah
Oh totally I'm sorry yeah but yeah Thor
uh see Thor if you want to I don't give
a fuck I would also recommend Thor as
maybe a lazy Sunday matinee movie it's
not great not bad but it's very
charmingly simple and there's great
comedic relief by Sir Anthony Hopkins
I don't even know who you are anymore
but you realize we're watching a
pregnancy workout video right yeah is
that fucking hot hey why'd you hit stop
oh so what would you rather be watching
Joe Silverman's Hollywood Dog Training
Program is that a book it's a big VHS
tape oh my god oh just accept tapes in
there too it's a whole program for it to
the hollywood dog training
why does blinken have that he doesn't
even own a dog I don't know that looks
unwatchable
speaking of unwatchable have you seen
the hangover part to the population in
Thailand is 63 million people it is
twice the size of Wyoming
none of you know Stu like I do I can't
even tell you what we've been through
cuz we made a pact what I can tell you
is this this is not Stu's first marriage
there was a hoary Las Vegas a couple of
years tops peaks at Alba so the hangover
- is the hangover again quite literally
yes Mike what did you think of The
Hangover Part two um amazingly bad okay
not not mm okay I'm going over the top
it was watchable but boy oh boy
it was lazy what comedy is very
subjective
more so than maybe some other aspects of
other genres of film I don't I guess so
I'd like I said I understand why that
movie was
popular I get it and I like the concept
of the movie
I like the idea behind it oh and I and I
saw the movie long after it already come
out and in season theaters and when I
heard about it's like oh they they got
so directed over what happened the night
before they have to find the groom so
they have to piece together all these
elements I was expecting something just
even a little bit more clever than what
it was where when they finally realize
where the groom was it nothing that they
discovered throughout their the rest of
the movie before that had built towards
that no no it was like a mystery but
that I mean was like oh I guess he's
over here and nothing to do and yeah one
clue didn't lead to another that yeah
the second one had that well that's I
was gonna say is that the first one it
is very much just a series of comedy set
pieces and that's pretty much it and I
will go on record as saying that I kind
of liked The Hangover Part two for a lot
of the reasons that people that love the
first hangover probably will hate the
movie which is that it wasn't as broad
it wasn't as crazy and on a story level
it felt a little more cohesive mmm-hmm
as far as the basic plot it is it is
shockingly similar to the first one and
that is beat four be plot point or plot
point the exact same movie it's almost
like intentional it's almost inspiring
how lazy they were being with the script
yeah uh but tonally it's sort of
different it's much sleazier yeah its
sleazy it's darker and it's more
uncomfortable and the theater I saw it
in was just packed with people ready to
laugh because they loved the first
hangover and most of the movie was lots
of uncomfortable silences and people
shifting in their seats and waiting for
the hilarity to happen that never came
Oh your hair is gone no up when I hear
about an unnecessary sequel to a movie I
always have this running gag her I say
oh no it happened again and that's one
of the first lines of dialogue in this
movie they actually say it happened
again and they say things like that
throughout the movie please this
happening again the one thing I was
thinking about early on was how terrible
the editing was yes it yes it was just
like cut is jarring and then it was like
the hangover part ii like the title
appears and it wasn't there was no like
energy it was like and here yeah here
and now and then the one thing that ran
through my head was part two they
Hangover Part 2 as in like it's a
continuation of a story and it's not no
it's like it's the same story it's like
a different flavor of ice cream well I
guess people like the idea the first
movie well so what they liked is the the
characters and the performances cuz this
is a group of talented people no even
though the actors are all very like all
you need to do is take those characters
and put them in a completely different
scenario yeah and you might have
something maybe here's something crazy
maybe it's not a wedding but why does it
have to be honey God yeah check your
pockets there might be close Chiang Mai
monastery I don't remember any of this
what is this a PF Changs and this movie
played it as safe as it possibly could
right with the story similar to like
home alone to where it's the exact same
movie in a different city well home
alone - he wasn't in the house again he
was in New York City
he doesn't so you're like completely
fucking wrong oh I mean home alone -
broke new ground it just shattered
conventions yeah I mean this is a
wedding a bachelor party and think you
know so you're saying it's even worse
than home alone - in the story
Department -
Kevin McCallister was still at the oh
here's this here's the twist instead of
going to Paris the family is going to
London on their vacation yes and and
Kevin gets trapped at home and Kevin
McCallister and then throughout the film
he sets up booby traps yeah but they're
just slightly different yeah it's not
the same exact a booby traps right we
had a sick night bitches but but
sometimes when something's really bad
bad where the word of mouth kills it
yeah and I don't see how bad were word
of mouth could not have killed this yeah
yeah unless people are just like I love
the first one I love the first one I
don't care what you say I'm going to see
this I'm going to see this and and that
just got their money in talking about
this movie being totally different than
the first movie even though story wise
it's exactly the same is that in the
first movie everybody reacts to
everything like completely crazy like oh
my god I can't believe we did this
and in this one there's certain
sequences that get really creepy and
dark and uncomfortable and the
characters acts almost believable like
as if this actually happened yeah which
takes away from the hilarity which makes
it not funny to the people that like the
first movie yes but to me that was sort
of interesting to see them them treat
the material in a different context like
that but there's long stretches of this
movie where it's not even trying to be
funny mm-hmm where it's almost just like
a straight sort of mystery thriller
movie and there's a car chase sequence
in the movie that I actually thought was
was pretty well executed have Idina are
you familiar at all with the director of
this movie Todd Phillips no you've seen
the first hangover yeah he directed that
he's always been a filmmaker that I've
been intrigued by even though I've never
liked any of his movies what other
movies he directed roadtrip you remember
a road trip that's our friend on boat
trip that's different than boat trip
road trip is Tom Green that was his
breakout movie he did that he did well
he did due date oh I love to date yeah
and every movie he does is like that
where it's like I'm sort of baffled by
the movie but people seem to love them
but his very first movie was a
documentary about ggl
and then his second film was a
documentary kind of about frat hazing
and so he has this sort of like
subversive dark quality to him and I
keep expecting that to show up in these
mainstream movies that he makes but he
always seems to be just sort of playing
to the cheap seats with the Hollywood
comedies this was certainly not that the
first hangover yes but not the first
thing and then that's that's something I
admired about this one but at the same
time he alienated the audience that
liked the first one
Hurley said he'd look I think it's
offices well but do you think people are
going to see this movie because they've
heard it's a great hilarious follow-up
to the first one they're going to see it
because the first one was success yeah
yeah pretty much yeah to even have been
the pinyon on but up in
it's not as blatant as like a sequel
that I love I don't think you care much
for it but I love gremlins 2 and
gremlins 2 is a very deliberate and
obvious attempt to ridicule everything
about the first movie everything that
made the first movie successful and just
be completely balls-out crazy that's a
good point I don't know if that was what
they were trying to do with the hangover
part ii or not why can't you just make
another story with these characters
because the story is the fact they wake
up drunk and not remember anything
except the story about the characters
yeah I mean the characters are I'm
saying if you want to do a sequel that
was something different that's what you
can do is make it not them waking up and
not remembering the night before not
that would accept that yeah no no except
unless it had the same premise yeah or a
similar premise but but then you run
into the problem that this movie does
where it is the same premise down to
every sort of beats right but but what
I'm saying in addition to that is even
mild tweaks yeah could have fixed that
is someone with just you know a
fourth-grade education could have done
that like what like I suggested the
simple simple premise there is no
wedding yeah why is there have to be
another wedding it says why does it have
to be a bachelor party yeah why cat
there's so many other events in life
that have drinking and partying that it
didn't have to be a wedding
sure so and and I have a fourth-grade
education and I thought of that how
about they go to something that's not
known for parties they go to a software
convention in Cleveland Ohio yeah and
things get crazy and and there's a
different premise right there
so The Hangover Part two uh no I
wouldn't recommend it if you're looking
for a good funny comedy if you're
looking for a worthy follow-up to the
hangover if you like the first one I
wouldn't recommend it for any of those
reasons if you're looking to see a movie
that is just like morbidly curious and
how off-putting and wrong it is see with
but that's you that's me that's what I'm
saying
mmm don't go see this one no one wants
to go watch a movie out of the morbid
curiosity of how how they how they can
watch the audience in the theater with
them be disappointed now people want to
go to the movie to be entertained by it
and whether it's an action movie a drama
or comedy so you must withdraw your
recommendation to see this movie on any
love there must be other people out
there like because there must be right
oh there's no redeeming qualities in
this movie know that that that would
give them think of it as a just the
general audience there's no redeeming
qualities in this movie that would make
me recommend it to any demographic it's
not funny
there's a couple little chuckles here
and there but it's not funny it's not
fuck this movie it's warping my mind yes
it was just a bad idea yeah all around
yeah like there's a sequel it'll be real
funny they go to Bangkok and that sorts
of crazy stirring shit happens it'll be
hilarious yeah and it's not hilarious
it's it's kind of twisted and dark and
kind of like okay it's supposed to be
funny and twisted and dark can be funny
sure incontinent ever anything can be
funny in contexts but this is a movie
where I don't know what the context was
supposed to be right the context is not
there you know you don't know what
you're supposed to be laughing at or
what you're supposed to be disgusted by
yes and on there scenes where the
Buddhist monks is hitting them with a
stick for ten minutes and it's becomes
the Three Stooges yeah or a monkey is
smoking a cigarette and it's funny
because monkeys don't smoke cigarettes
and then then seen before that it's it's
a it's a horrifyingly graphic
description of how ed Helms was fun
in the ass by a transvestite yes and
that's like that is is buttressed
against that and you're like yeah hey
guys check it out Alan cut it out with a
monkey nibbles on the wieners it's funny
in any language ever bamboo book it has
everything from hidden treasures to
battles inky suspense and it's like if
that's what you mean if I got a book
here that you
pick up a good way for you you can think
oh and we also saw x-men
x-men first class of course needs no
introduction as most of you have
probably seen the other x-men films or
know what the x-men are and have
probably been waiting to see this film
for a while as I have been x-men first
class is essentially a prequel because
it takes place before all the other
x-men films and tells the origin story
of Charles Xavier and how he formed the
x-men and more importantly his
friendship with Erik Lehnsherr who
eventually becomes Magneto which is the
focal point of the story Jake what did
you think about x-men first class I
enjoyed the movie for the most parts
yeah the first half of the movie I would
say I kind of loved but then at a
certain point I noticed weird things
started creeping into the movie that
kept taking me out of it like one frame
of a pornographic film
no but what things are you talking about
uh well there was certain things where
like dialog started to feel off and
there was moments where the dialogue was
very like hitting you over the head with
its obviousness and then yeah the final
action scene that the whole movie is are
building towards because it's not a very
there's not a lot of action in the rest
of the movie no which I appreciated
because it's more focused on the
characters but when that action scene
happens it felt very awkwardly handled
some of the shots were bizarre and and
comical unintentionally comical and then
that whole sequence just went on way too
long
I liked x-men first class I did not love
it I kept hearing how just awesome it
was and and the trailer was perfect
one path we shall never choose
I think it was a just a classic case of
high expectations yeah being a little
too high and and I think that was some
of the problems maybe I'll appreciate it
more upon more viewings because there
was a lot going on in it but it's
certainly not a bad movie no any means
oh no no I enjoyed it quite a bit um but
I had the same problems you did where I
was thinking actually for the first like
half an hour of it I'm like wow you know
idiots are gonna be really bored yes yes
as there's no there's no big like action
opening it's very it's very subtle yeah
I I thought the guy that played Charles
Xavier for me stole the show James
McAvoy oh good job I have never heard of
them before but he did a great job
playing Xavier and it was nice to see
Xavier as sort of like having a lot of
youthful energy it was fun to see him
like hitting on ladies and using terms
like groovy yeah and things like that
yeah I think that's what the earlier
films are kind of lacking was that
they're sort of established like Xavier
school for gifted youngsters Xavier
Cyclops
you know and and there's no like
humanity yeah and this one Xavier was
like I'm I'm Xavier I'm excited about
things yeah
and it's fun and it's interesting to see
like him talk about how mutants should
be out in the open and proud of
themselves but that's because he can't
relate to the ones that have physical
yeah elements that make them look
different than other people yeah he in a
bit he wasn't he was a little naive
yes about yeah the things demo the movie
almost empathizes more with Magneto
listen to me very carefully my friend
killing will not bring you peace peace
was never an option the main conflict in
the movie is between those two not
necessarily Sebastian Shaw versus
Magneto right and that's what drives the
movie and that's what I thought was
pretty well done I will agree with you
yes it was well done and and and being
that that's the core of the movie that's
what makes it work for me but the
frustrating stuff comes from the details
there are shots in this movie they're so
cheap looking it looks like kind of like
a comedy film like like there's there's
the ending as you know from the trailer
takes place during the Cuban Missile
Crisis and the excellent sort of
intervene in this and there's shots
aboard a battleship that which are like
if you would imagine a comedy scene
aboard a battleship that's how you would
shoot it the bridge the windows almost
like almost like a like a John Wayne
movie from the 40s or the 50s where it's
just like the bridge of the battleship
or like a Naked Gun movie or like a
Naked Gun with specifically the
binoculars the so there's a shot where
the captain has the binoculars it's as
cliched almost and and the cameras
pushing in and he lowers the binoculars
and it's Michael Ironside because I we
saw there and I was I started laughing I
started laughing and it was like because
that the whole thing feels like that's
the punchline like I'm making gun movie
or it's like he lowers the binoculars
it's like of course it'd be Michael
Ironside right right yeah and you know
some average moviegoer might not know
but I was expected to see Leslie Nielsen
when it launched think at one point
Michael Ironside goes gentlemen it's
been an honor serving with you and it's
like it is flash if you know anything
but like a sitcom filmmaking
specifically flat shots at eye level are
typically funny yeah at least for
comedic effect I don't know who directed
this but Matthew Vaughn
and it's like right in the middle of all
this dramatic tension between Magneto
and Xavier yeah that cuts it keeps
cutting to michael ironside constantly
yeah why are we cutting to him who is he
he's just the commander of one of the
ships we should have never seen anyone
yeah on any of the ships ever don't show
them yeah yeah ever just keep showing
Xavier and boats in the water and like
because the movies about mutants trying
to like mingle intermingle with human
affairs yes don't even show them they're
like ants you know but they keep cutting
back to Michael Ironside
what no should we hit the button the
nuclear button no first of all not be
risk allies doing so we have it has to
be the better man we already evolved in
the first three x-men movies Xavier and
Magneto was always kind of like this
little thing that would crop up yeah and
it was always the Wolverine show yeah
and and to me and I guess to most other
people x-men is always Xavier versus
Magneto yeah
because it's two conflicting ideologies
and Xavier has his guys magneto has his
guys and the conflict in x-men is do we
side with humans or do we wipe them out
are they our friends or are they our
enemies or or in a different way of
saying it is should we protect the ones
that hate us
and that's the conflict in x-men and
it's not Wolverine Xavier and and and
and Magneto are the kings on the
chessboard and they're all the other
characters are the pawns okay and and
that's the story and that's what this
movie focused on yes and that's why it's
good right it's just the technical
things that's sure that day and some of
the script things because some of the
dialogue in this movie there's a certain
there there's one scene in particular
that that completely I don't want say
derailed the movie for me but it
definitely took me out of the movie to
the point where I have trouble getting
back into it which is was it the scene
where January Jones said anything
what January Jones is terrible in this
movie but we'll get into that they love
to get into that there's a scene in this
movie where what's beasts Hank McCoy
there's a scene in this movie where Hank
McCoy comes in with like the serum that
will cure him and Ravan / mystique of
their physical differences from humans
and every line of dialogue in that scene
is awful like like laughably bad and
there's no scenes before that that were
that bad and it really took me out of
the movie to the point where I thought
like is this a reshoot like did they do
this because they didn't think that the
point of the movie was coming across
well enough so they redid it that scene
onward is when I noticed problems
starting to to pop up yeah yeah yeah uh
another thing that that you bring up
that sort of was hit over the head with
a hammer was the parallel especially in
the third one which a lot of people have
discussed was mutants as homosexuals and
that whole social message science
fiction has always been more like
respected or more um you know noteworthy
if while it's doing science fiction it's
making commentary on society or social
issues sure but the core of x-men is
humans hate mutants but mutants are good
enough to want to protect humans well
you can take that and make it that
blatant words like humans hate mutants
yeah and an individual viewer can apply
anything they want to chance it needs
the racism sexism homophobia whatever it
doesn't need to be so specific where you
have characters saying like mutant pride
right and it makes it - that's the point
of it is humans have the capacity to
hate something that's different
yes it's all in the verbage because
mystique says mutant pride pride is
associated with with gay power is
associated with with domination white
power black power
you know magneto magneto is is um is
mutant power yes
he's the militant and and and Xavier is
more of mutant rights and rights are
kind of like more equality civil rights
like the civil rights movement um
gender rights women's rights I would
have liked a little bit of the other
elements in there too do you not I mean
yeah another mutant already here why
didn't you say say what because you
don't know I am so so terribly sorry
Hank
and he's like well they did ask so I
didn't tell didn't ask so I didn't tell
that's like oh that's like saying shock
and awe yeah like shock and awe is
clearly labeled towards bush intolerant
bigoted take gave you right o sleep it
alone just absolutely enormous no I I
think the movie should exist on its own
and don't hate their mutants they're
looked at as being weird and different
the ends because we get it without it
yeah we get it without the hammer
all the performances are very good the
movie aside from January Jones she
delivers her lines like she has no idea
what movie she's in yeah we have a
situation they're recruiting or or what
being a human being this she's she's
really bad yeah and I haven't seen her
in anything else so I have no point of
reference but who her her lines are like
nails on a chalkboard like wow yeah
there is no it comes off like when and
when an athlete host Saturday night life
yes that's kind of acting it's a good
analogy oh and another thing we should
we should kind of talk about is at some
point I noticed that the movie felt a
little like cheap for being like a major
x-men movie like some of the visual
effects yes some of the some of the
effects of the movie are like
off-putting ly bad sure Emily the movies
about the characters in the story so the
visual effects aren't important but they
shouldn't kind of distract you it comes
with some of the effects not all but
some of the effects come off like kind
of like sci-fi channel kind of CGI
looking like television quality and and
I was expecting just like you know
top-of-the-line effects for an x-men
movie chair and they're not really there
which is not a big concern but it's
noteworthy it's one of those things like
I was saying halfway through the movie
there's certain little odd things that
start to take you out of the movie yeah
and when enough of those crop up that's
what sort of spoils the movie for you
what's good about this movie and in
comparison to like the third or third
film or the second film maybe is the
third film a lot of the comments about
it is that it's so cluttered with
characters yes um it's a very muddled
movie and this movie they albeit briefly
they take the characters and there's a
kind of a fun training sequence where we
learn like the characters can't really
control their powers and Xavier starting
to learn how to become a mentor on
training them with their powers so you
learn a little bit about each character
and what what their limitations are and
what their fears are and stuff like that
and that pays off when they use their
powers at the end yeah and that's all we
needed from like a character
like banshee or havoc right it was just
a little bit of introduction banshee
doesn't quite know what to do have I
can't control those powers it's so great
and and then at the end they learn how
to focus them in control yeah that's
right nice example yeah for a movie
that's this sir because it's a long
movie that's a pretty long movie yeah so
for a movie that within this length and
and covers this much period of time and
this many characters is all balanced
fairly well right yeah right I just wish
it was more silly wish it was more silly
x-men should not be taken super
seriously yeah
magneto needs to go it's the x-men nicer
fighting the the Hellfire Club have a
secret submarine underneath the ship and
Kevin Bacon's there and he's in the he's
in the Sebastian a sure on that helmet
yeah and it's like shocked yes immense
ik don't you shouldn't you be proud of
the way you were born and our big theme
has always been tolerance if you're
different to be proud it's okay giant
robots people going look out
it's the x-men you know like one or the
other
yeah if you're gonna have Kevin Bacon
and a secret submarine grabbing on to to
radioactive nuclear rods
you know then go overboard yeah and
don't cast Michael Ironside yes like
Alliance I don't kiss Michael iron
unless it's unless it's McHale's Navy
starring Kelsey Grammer cuz it's a comic
book it's not a social commentary on the
the intolerance of people against
homosexuality it's a movie about people
that fight each other with superpowers
yes yes and it doesn't need to be
anything more than that
who's with me
listen to me very carefully my friend
killing will not bring you peace
so I would have to of course recommend
Axman first lash I wouldn't recommend it
to Grandma because Rambo no fuck's going
on but if you are a movie fan if you're
a comic book movie fan if you're an
x-men movie if you're any kind of movie
fan you should probably go see x-men
first class do you agree I would agree
III enjoyed the movie for the most part
it had lots of issues it's not a perfect
movie no it's not a great movie it's not
the best x-men movie but there's lots of
good stuff in it lots of good
performances yeah lots of fun stuff yeah
lots of fun stuff yeah
ah good old Richard Simmons I loved his
tapes oh yeah yeah he really helps off
fat swells no absolutely they need all
the help they can get they're repugnant
well it's like once you go over a
certain weight you're no longer human
I mean fatso should be should be chained
and putting the zoo for all I care
yeah well it's good because Richard
Simmons once that's us to avoid that
kind of shame and ridicule if you can
lose weight so they don't look so an
opponent did you know Richard Simmons
used to be a porker really mmmm it was
like 300 pounds holy shit um yeah cuz
you know there's a lot of calories in
semen but Richard Simmons you know he
really gives me a hard-on um but um you
know he helps the Fatso's you know lose
the weight and feel good about
themselves with these cookies hey sorry
you know this is my favorite part of
this tape you seen this before
yeah worse a lot of times a Tracking's
off again with the tracking mm-hmm on
the VCR there goes we've been watching
VHS tapes all afternoon so well the VCR
works yeah obviously what's your point
we're here to fix the VCR it's supposed
to be broken oh fuck that's right I
completely forgot why is it working
oh shit you know what I think I
accidentally fixed it a couple weeks ago
what I'm sorry it was like second nature
you know cuz I'm a VCR repair man it
just yeah and I was not even thinking I
was just on autopilot pretending to fix
it think it was over there and I think I
might have fixed it obviously I did Oh
what are we gonna do about this there's
only one thing we can do
Oh what the hell your dog training
program
hmm now it's too much work let's just
unplug it