Episode 013
Cowboys and Aliens
Original Airdate: August 6, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-cowboys-and-aliens/
_____________________________________________________________

half in the bag I just pooped all over
the floor what is that I had some movie
called deathless hmm I haven't heard of
it but maybe we could watch it when we
fix the VCR anyways so I'm at the bus
stop this morning right and this little
kid comes riding buying a skateboard and
he spits on me he goes you motherfucker
and he keeps riding I was like what did
I do
that's weird because something similar
happened to me on my way to work this
morning hmm
kids today I just have no respect for
their elders hey guys anybody wants some
snacks
Oh
fucking the hell is that it's a brick
with a note on it people still do that
apparently so what does it say um your
Captain America review is bullshitter
ah the movie is fucking awesome to me at
least all Marvel movies are awesome oh
there's more oh good you douche bags
can't appreciate eight movies what is a
pre see at eight I think they mean
appreciate Oh it's it they'd they
spelled almost every word wrong wow this
person really liked Captain America I
wonder what they thought of cowboys and
Aliens
yeah that's lonergan boss contact man
you're given to me now I need to know
where you came from so do I so we just
saw Cowboys and Aliens which is the new
film from Jon Favreau the director of
iron man Cowboys and Aliens is a
genre-bending sci-fi Western
action-adventure movie that stars
Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig so J what
did you think of Cowboys and Aliens I
was pleasantly surprised by how much I
actually really liked this movie it's
not a great movie but it's a solid movie
and and that's all you can really hope
for in these dire summer months in these
dark times was that where you were going
to say I also liked the movie quite a
bit I wouldn't say I loved it but it was
very very good yes um I had a feeling of
unease throughout the first half of the
movie I kept waiting for it to turn into
garbage I kept waiting for it to just
take that nosedive in to stupidity and
pandering schlock I was really nervous
when I saw the poster for the movie and
saw that there was like 25 different
screenwriters involved yeah you know
what that means there's an expression
for that right yeah it's too many cocks
in the kitchen yes yes fortunately John
Favreau as a director knows how to
wrangle all those cocks yeah yeah he's
very good at grabbing a whole bunch of
different cocks and pulling them all
together and saying wait isn't it cooks
the expression isn't too many cooks in
the kitchen are we getting that right I
don't think that makes any sense so
let's talk about audience reactions
slash expectations there seems to be
this misconception that you and I go
into movies just wanting to hate them
and looking for things to pick apart and
ridicule which really isn't the case
when it comes to these big dumb summer
movies III don't have very high
expectations all I want is a solid movie
with a beginning middle and ends and
maybe some mild characterization and
just not sloppy nonsensical storytelling
a movie I think of all the time is when
it comes to action adventure movies is
die hard the original die hard goes it's
not a very deep movie you're at the
thing heavily about it but it's a solid
yeah it's a well-constructed
yes and and this movie Cowboys and
Aliens is a well-constructed movie
it's establishes a tone at the beginning
and it follows that all the way through
yeah and because of the premise being
kind of silly Cowboys fighting aliens
you either go with that or you don't
there's two ways you could have taken
Cowboys and Aliens and I think that's
where some of the problem comes in with
the mixed reviews is you could take this
subject which is what exactly what I
wanted from this movie I like when
science fiction stays serious okay you
could take this concept of what if the
what-if concept an alien spaceship
landed in the wild wild west in the late
1800s and aliens were doing something
and they ran into a bunch of cowboys
what would happen realistically and and
I think this movie kind of kind of stays
true with that yeah it doesn't it
doesn't get too stupid no and it remains
kind of realistic I woke up in the
desert I have been dropped out of the
sky you get a name I don't know one of
the things that works well in cowboys
and Aliens is the plot for me it's not
overly complicated and it's fairly
simple and those were simple times so
it's easy to do that and it opens with
Daniel Craig waking up Justin on the
ground and he can't remember what
happened so he goes into town and that
and that's pretty typical of Western
like the loner coming into town right
doing here you're not from around these
parts yes sir and any can't remember his
past and there's a mystery and you're
kind of involved in that and it's fairly
simple
yeah well that's that's the thing with
this movies have been getting very mixed
reactions and going back to audience
expectations and people talking about us
wanting to go into movie picking it
apart what I found in the online
reaction to this is that everybody's
trying to nitpick this movie to death
and they're mistaking what they call
plot holes with things that are
unnecessary for what the movie needs to
do to tell its story the big one being
I've seen a ton of comments online about
the fact that the aliens are on earth to
mine gold and all these comments online
are saying well there's a big plot hole
you never know what the aliens want with
the gold it's like that is completely
irrelevant so that's not a plot hole
because it doesn't affect the plot at
all the plot of the movie is a small
group of people working together to save
their loved ones from a mysterious
threat they know
very little about right knowing what
those aliens wanted the gold for would
have zero effects on that plot yeah by
not giving you certain information like
what the aliens did with the gold when
they went back to their home planet
doesn't affect the logic of the movie
right the logic that the movie is about
the group of characters and how they
grow and change and learn things yeah
especially Harrison Ford's character who
you know he has father issues
yeah and that's the nice thing about
this movies they take a lot of time to
set up all these characters and they pay
it off and they pay everything but
really it it takes the subject matter
completely serious as if aliens were in
the late 1800s come across a group of
cowboys and people in the Wild West yeah
and and and those characters respond to
the aliens in the way that they should
yes not in modern time lingo and
reactions and you know yeah and and
that's what I like about it and that's
the two different ways you could have
taken this movie was play it completely
straight or make it schlock yeah I make
it silly and one of the two would have
done okay both could have worked but
they played it straight yeah Roland
Emmerich Michael Bay right in the middle
mm-hmm and and that's where they fail
well speaking of the characters let's
talk about the performances in the movie
you've got a lot of big-name actors oh
no not again there's another break what
is this one say you guys know nothing
about comic books so therefore you
shouldn't review comic book movies
please just stop hmm no there's a PS his
name is Red Skull not red skeleton dumb
fucks those things are you asking me
they've got my son my wife I need a
water that's the only thing that does I
like the fact that that these Old West
people are just completely baffled about
what's going on yeah and and just the
little touches like like Harrison Ford
they show spaceship and they don't go
look out it's their spaceship he calls
it a flying machine
yeah well jon favreau is an actor's
director which i like going all the way
back to swingers which he didn't direct
but he was the writer on it and a big
part of the creative process it's a very
performance driven movie and there's a
lot of improv and that carries all the
way over into Iron Man which is this
giant you know multi-million dollar
movie but the performance still have a
very sort of improvisational quality to
them remember the part where Jeff
Bridges offers him pizza and then it
says no you can have any pizza now you
can have it like it's just a little
moment and it only takes two seconds and
it doesn't add anything to the movie but
it's great yeah and that carries over
into this where the movie just takes
time to slow down and let the performers
have their moments to shine yeah and I
appreciated that
just have to work together what happens
in the movie is the aliens are stealing
gold which which of course is a very old
Wild West kind of thing which I thought
was a clever touch yeah but they're
they're sucking the gold out of the
ground and and I think I thought that
was neat yes gold is a it's not just a
precious element for you know people
that love gold but you know it's it's a
rare element and it has certain
properties to it that that could be
valuable to an alien share so I thought
that was completely plausible and neat
because some the gold rush in the Wild
West and all that and I thought that was
cool but Harrison Ford's like why are
they stealing our gold what are they
gonna buy something with it yeah like
he's completely he has no idea what's
going on yes and it's it's the part one
what the hell is this mr. blanket what
are you doing oh I just decided right
now that for no good reason I would put
out my priceless vase yeah you know
someone's been throwing bricks through
the window all day I don't think that's
the best idea I'll be fine
what is up with the stand it's like the
flimsiest stand I've ever seen it's like
he knows that vase is gonna break yeah
yeah it's like he's expecting it anyways
back to the movie yeah so let's talk
about special effects cuz this is a
science fiction movie it is a
blockbuster summer event movie what you
think about it I like that the effects
were used sparingly and the action
scenes themselves were used
appropriately they weren't there wasn't
too much of it it didn't go on too long
right it was used just enough to service
the story yes and I appreciated that and
because a special effect without a story
is a pretty boring thing who said that
uh Walt Whitman really Wow no I agree
with you I I did not I don't know if I
even noticed CGI and there's nothing
wrong with CGI if used a pro if you used
to pro blend it in and I think it was in
this movie should we step in
looks like he's doing fine when I saw
transformers 3 when I saw the second
half of transmission um all I pictured
in my brain was Michael Bay in a
helicopter filming Chicago filming shots
of the street and then someone painting
in burning buildings and explosions and
then and then close-ups of people hiding
behind rubble going oh no oh no and all
those elements of how you put a movie
together well very apparent to me and
and and it was all very like obvious to
me this movie just blended everything in
well and just from a design level
because I'm a monster movie guy I like
creatures I like creature effects and
this is the first alien movie in a long
time where I've actually liked the
design of the creatures yeah a lot of
recent movies like super 8 or like
Cloverfield it just it just feels like a
big mess so
like tentacles and vagina faces and
things like that yeah and I I genuinely
like look at the and there's parts when
there's close-ups of them where it
almost looks like maybe it could have
been a rubber puppet monster yeah it
maybe was I don't know mobster but the
fact that I'm not completely positive
like oh that's CG like that's a
testament to the movie they'll come back
with me and there will be no survivors
that's what they did to my people I see
good men do bad things
Thanks
there were a lot of fairly predictable
little subplots woven into the film you
know like like it but but it wasn't
offensive like Harrison Ford's like you
know here's a knife oh my thing yeah be
you will you I think he actually said at
some point later in this movie you will
use this dies right right and the
obvious the the barkeep character who's
played by Sam Rockwell he cannot shoot a
gun for shit yeah and and then of course
at the end of the movie he shoots the
gun perfectly and saves somebody right
so it's like okay later on he's going to
hit something that's an impossibly hard
to hit but it's but it's almost
refreshing when something to set up
early on in a movie a where it does pay
off right speaking of the aliens and how
they had a neat look you know wasn't
horribly generic or anything I really
liked it again um there was a lot of
cool like alien technology and
horrifying alien things that happened
yes in the movie that that were very it
was almost like the movie was done
intentionally that way through the eyes
of a simpler man oh yes absolutely and
like where they don't understand kind of
what they're seeing which was neat yeah
um Daniel Craig has a lot of flashbacks
about his experience being being sucked
up into the alien spaceship and and
there's some really really well-done
creepy horrifying visuals some of the
stuff on the ship or yeah very creepy
and you can't dismiss all that because
of the movies subject matter it's it's
actually a shame that they called the
movies cowboys and Aliens yeah yeah
don't you think so when I think of
cowboys and Aliens I think of like
snakes on a plane or just something
really sort of stupid and simplistic and
that's when I first heard about this
movie that's what I thought like wow
that's almost audacious to call your
movie like to make your movie that
blatant and retitle but it's almost a
too well made movie for such a b-movie
kind of schlock title because I believe
there is a old 1950s movie called like
Cowboys vs dinosaurs or
something Valley of the Gwangi is about
Cowboys fighting dinosaur yes where
their lassoing them
that's Valley in the Guang and there is
a scene in this movie where someone
lassos yes yeah the guy again that the
title is sort of schlocky which implies
that it's going to be campy right which
it isn't which maybe is what yeah is
putting some people off it's exactly
what I like when a science fiction
premise takes itself 100% serious and I
hate Will Smith and I hate I hate
wisecracking in a science fiction movie
I just hate it I love it in a comedy but
when something horrifying happens I love
it when things are taken seriously
I believe I even said that in my
interview with sexy nerd girl you do a
lot of reviews what makes a good science
fiction movie to you I will tell them
before with you I look for believability
I don't like when a science fiction
movie is to like movie I kind of like it
when the characters are realistic and
the events are realistic and it's kind
of like how science fiction events would
in real life yeah it may not be action
an explosion a minute it may take a long
time to set up the characters it may
move slowly but in the end it's
satisfying and that's just what I wanted
this movie was a cinematic bowel
movement for me it was wasn't it after
months and months and months of
horrifying constipation I don't want any
trouble because I really hate movies
where it's like so completely by the
numbers yeah okay now we have to wait
for the the hero to fight the bad guy in
the roof like the bad guy can't just
accidentally fall off the roof and died
yeah go Oh or the bad guy gets killed by
a random security guard and the hero
goes Oh or the Red Skull gets killed by
Captain America just sort of punching
him
the rent the running dog has an
unrelated aneurysm and dies it has to be
like in you're waiting for a comma get
to the part with and it's like and and
and this movie had then the very mild
way to where it was very unoffensive and
and there was lots of little things that
didn't offend me that should have but
didn't well that's because it was it was
surrounded by other elements it wasn't
like that was the focal point of the
ending was just Daniel Craig fights that
one alien there was other things
happening yeah it there was there's
multiple plot lines that were coming to
a head yeah and and I think that's why
people are not responding to this movie
positively or are completely positively
it's because all those elements that
were so are so bred into our brains at
this point are very toned down or not
overdone and people are just used to
that now and it's and that's why it was
refreshing to me I was like
this movie is not punching me in the
face with stupidity and and I applaud
them for not being stupid oh my god oh
my god really
was it another write another Brett just
came through the window pick it up and
see what this one says maybe audiences
don't want too much story distracting
them or something
so Cowboys and Aliens do you recommend
it to our fine audience I would
recommend Cowboys and Aliens to an
audience with an attention span and to
people that like movies that have a
consistent tone and are a sloppy mess
yeah yeah I mean it's not it's not an
incredibly smart movie um and Harrison
Ford is fun in it Daniel Craig is good
in it
Olivia Wilde is great I I can't say it's
a fun movie well it's a Western
totally it's a Western yeah and it
follows that through through the whole
movie
so would you recommend the movie as well
uh yeah definitely I thought it was a
good movie um but if you are a dumb kid
who thinks that a story and characters
get in the way of a movie and are
distracting the audience from special
effects you will not like this movie
because you will be bored because you're
stupid but if you're a person that likes
movies and likes performances and likes
visuals and that was another thing too I
wanted to mention I think we saw an
actual film print yeah because I noticed
little imperfections and and I noticed
when I saw transformers 3 that it was
not a film print it looked digital I
can't describe it but it looked crappy
and then it looked flat this was
glorious widescreen it was it was a
great image
desert landscape as landscapes real
actors real actors real backgrounds real
backer um and and so it had sort of a
nostalgic quality to it and so if you're
a fan I you know I don't mean to keep
sidetracking but when they print in the
ad this is a 2d or 3d projection they
need to print digital or film print next
to it because that would make me choose
which theater I want
Oh
Oh
now this one's for me