Episode 014
Rise of the Planet of the Apes and Cyphan Con 2011
Original Airdate: August 15, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-rise-of-the-planet-of-the-apes-and-cyphan-con-2011-2/
_______________________________________________________________________________________________

half in the bag the devil is my hairdo
hey guys welcome to another episode of
half in the bag
I'm Jay and I'm Mike and this week we
saw Rise of the Planet of the Apes
our therapy enables the brain to repair
itself we call it the cure I want you to
stop testing the chimps ASAP Rise of the
Planet of the Apes is a prequel to the
successful Planet of the Apes series
this film stars James Franco and a CGI
monkey so Jay what did you think of Rise
of the Planet of the Apes or rot Spota
rise oh just soon be caught yes yes uh
well I guess the big question is does
the world really need a Planet of the
Apes prequel know the answer of course
is no but the world now has a prequel to
plan of the Apes and it's really damn
good so good it justifies its pointless
existence Wow oh you're going with the
really damn good they're really Necker
fair enough yeah I agree
I enjoyed the film it took a lot to warm
me up to it but when I was warmed up to
it I enjoyed it I was very impressed
with the movie primarily the fact that
they were able to make a coherent story
using leftover footage of James Franco's
other films it didn't really was
impressive how it took yeah different
scenes and different shots from his
previous movies yeah edited it in a way
where it almost you almost believe he's
interacting with these creatures right
right you almost believe he was there
filming in this movie not people
it's impressive with this movie how the
the human characters are the least
sympathetic and the least human in the
movie and everything with the Apes I
thought was was fantastic yeah I really
it did a great job of getting you
emotionally invested in these completely
animated monkeys yeah well you do become
emotionally invested towards the end it
for me and probably for most audiences
it takes a while to warm up to it I
absolutely hated the first 15-20 minutes
of the movie I hate science movies when
when it's it's it felt like a like a
trailer like it's like I've discovered
the chemical nope we've got to get that
chemical on the market in five minutes
it's so simplistic like have you ever
seen the movie called splice yes yep um
I liked that movie I liked the premise I
liked the character conflicts and all
the drama in that movie but the the
science scenes are just hated the fact
that they had to be like cool rock star
scientists their leather jackets and
they're like yeah we're hit we're
scientists and it's like you have this
giant monitor and it's like DNA 100% man
well that that's like in a lot of 80s
movies whenever anyone is using a
computer all they do is sort of mash
their fingers on the keys and that's
happened on the screen it makes no sense
and I completely understand the need to
simplify down those elements to tell the
story like sure you know but but I was
like oh god you know are they really
bringing the ape up to the boardroom
with all the investors there but that
didn't bother me so much in this movie
because that's not really the focus of
the movie it's more about the ape and
what happens to him afterwards oh right
once I didn't love the first part boom
no I where the movie really kicked off
for me was when the Caesar character was
getting older learning things and he
really does have quite an arc throughout
the course of the movie
this one all the human parts seem to
just stick out yeah like so especially
as the movie goes along yeah you can
focus as more and more on the Apes and
then it keeps and then it'll cut back to
the humans they're like I don't care
about any of these ppl like get back to
the Apes well right I think that's what
it wanted to do yeah maybe that's why
they cast at James Franco was because
he's such a to me he's such a non
presence this in especially in this
movie is just like a blank slate yeah
he's got that like the dumb look on his
face all the time and always looks like
he's stoned yeah strong blow it works he
can be good he can be good on the right
parts I recently saw 127 hours and he's
really good it's not a very good movie
in my opinion but he's really good in it
but this is one of those I don't know if
it's like a just him as like actor for
hire cuz he's sort of a weird artsy guy
yeah this is just sort of like him
getting a paycheck I was very happy to
see a beautiful Indian woman in the lead
romantic interest role you don't see a
lot of like Indian women in lead roles
I'm Stewart in Hollywood movies I was
expecting like some dumb bimbo to be in
there Kate boss or Cake Boss an actress
yeah and she was great
I mean her character was and there was
no character that was that was kind of
shocking was like it's like he takes the
monkey to a vet and I'm like oh it's the
vet character yeah and then he's like he
wants me to take you out to dinner and
then it's like Oh does he know her
previously and then the next scene
they're they're dating yeah yeah it's
not like uh like Captain America where
the relationship stuff is brushed over
but that's a major part of the movie
yeah that and it was so early on that
doesn't really affect the story but then
again neither does anything with the
girlfriend character I don't know I just
thought that was unique and saying what
the the boss at the the genesis was a
black guy with an English accent yes he
was the money-grubbing CEO it wasn't a
bald white man yes I I don't care about
anything but profits but he was kind of
a villain character um and and I thought
that was unique it wasn't typical yeah
same with the choice of the
male lead hmm I thought it was weird to
have John Lithgow in there he look at
him and he's instantly funny
it's just John Lithgow face I think they
picked him because John Lithgow looks
like like droopy the dog he got this yes
like a oh yeah sympathetic face he
doesn't like you don't cast Anthony
Hopkins in that role right Anthony
Hopkins looks like a mean motherfucker
mm-hmm and and you don't cast him in the
sympathetic I have Alzheimer's
yeah where's my brain you know they like
that's Hannibal Lecter yes yeah or an
Terence Stamp or someone else like that
who just looks mean yeah new cast
Jonathan look John Lithgow Jonathan
Lipnicki you cast John Lithgow who looks
like a sympathetic old guy but at the
same time you're like he's funny yeah
and then and then there's a scene where
he thinks he's getting into his car and
he's smashing it and all I did was
replace the music in my brain and as a
hey that's my car oh no and I was just
giggling to myself yeah this is this
movie I really did like it a lot but it
does have a lot of really
unintentionally funny things in it yes
the neighbour character the poor
neighbour character I think he's
supposed to be a dick in the movie but
every time you see him in the movie he's
just something horrible happens to him
he's just trying to protect his children
from the wild gorillas I know I just
felt bad like like a picture I'm like
it's a living nightmare living next to
you James Franco
so there is a tremendous amount of CGI
in the movie the Apes are completely CGI
through the whole thing what did you
think about the effects in the film well
at first I thought oh no it's this and
after a while it really grows on you
and there are parts where the Apes don't
look completely realistic but you can't
just I've seen some comments go
you know those CGI apes are terrible and
they just like disregard everything like
all that hard work yeah that and it's
like it's it's really good
well my cat my concern before see in the
movie is actually similar to a concern
ahead before Lord of the Rings came out
which was before that movie came out I
heard that they were taking regular
actors and digitally shrinking them to
play hobbits mmm that's like that's lame
cast a bunch of midgets it worked so
well in Willow um but then I saw the
movie and of course I did to eat my
words on that it was similar to this
where I heard that there was CG apes the
whole movie there never realistic and I
was like oh come on
just cast real Apes and do some digital
trickery for certain things if you need
to but when you see the movie I think it
works better having them CG the whole
thing because do you get accustomed to
it and it would be like in spider-man
the spider-man movie whenever you see
Peter Parker and just him in his outfit
and then he jumps off a building and it
medially cuts the CG Peter Parker and
it's completely jarring and takes you
out of the scene yeah and had they done
that with this cutting back and forth I
don't think it would have would have
works it's very seamless and after a
while you just start to accept it yeah
and you don't even really think about it
as effects anymore you can complain
about CGI all you want but this is a
movie where it works - the movies
advantage pletely well and there's a lot
of movies where the CGI work and it just
feels like you know work-for-hire where
it's just slapped in effects this is one
where you can really tell that there was
a deliberate attempt made to really sort
of push the technology forward sure
Austen way yeah yeah absolutely unlike
like Lucas's prequel films right where
he's pushing technology to be more lazy
yes
we can just put all fake backgrounds
everywhere I'm changing the face of
cinema like I did in the 70s yeah you're
like oh no with any movie you know I
mean you can take a movie from the past
that is just terrible special effects
you know dated special effects but if
you care about the characters and what's
going on then sure that that can go away
and we're talking about being adjusted
to really good special effects yeah the
whole middle section of the movie is all
apes it's a character seizure in the 8th
prison you know slowly working his
escape plan and slowly becoming smarter
and all that yeah it's it's really well
done and it's um but but it's like and
then we cut back to James Franco's I
want to come back home with me Caesar
and so why would he want that who are
you why are you in this movie what's
going on yeah you know I don't care
about you
none of the humans are particularly good
or memorable in this they all get
upstaged by the Apes which I know the
Apes are the stars but well when the
movie opens they show a poaching scene
and I'm like okay here we go
humans are bad your books are gonna
destroy the world but it it that it
becomes very different yeah the story
becomes much different than that and and
I really was expecting Apes to start
just slaughtering people by the Dozen
you know at the end of the movie I've
been going yay yeah get those bad humans
well done and enter into that completely
not bad yeah I was also expecting there
to be more cruelty towards the Apes yes
there is some but it's mild and I was
really expecting them to push that way
too far yeah but they didn't it handled
that without getting too manipulative
I do feel like a fool
talking about these movies as their them
being like smart entertainment because
this isn't I mean there's a lot of
movies out there that are so much
smarter I just wanted to point this on
to the audience this is in context of
summer movies oh absolutely yeah not in
context of movies cuz I pointed out that
Cowboys and Aliens was a cinematic ball
movement I specifically meant in context
of summer movies sure and and this movie
we're talking about Apes running at pay
humans and and how it's done tastefully
yeah and and we're just in this mindset
of summer movies being horribly stupid
yeah and I've seen a lot of them
well there's an inherent silliness to
the entire Planet of the Apes idea all
these movies like I always think when I
think of the first movie I think of like
only in the 60s Oh only in the 60s but
they make a movie like that seriously or
a picture and I'm like you know it would
be crazy man if like Apes ran the world
and we were kept in cages yeah right you
just blew my mind
right so much about like Society and
stuff and politics and stuff like yeah
but the movies play completely straight
and those movies have sort of a campy
quality yeah now definitely and and this
movie does have a lot of unintentionally
funny stuff with the Apes but the fact
that the characters are sympathetic and
well drawn sort of balances that out of
it yeah it's believable enough for what
it is it's as well-done of a movie is
you'll get with that subject matter yeah
well also science fiction related we
recently attended siphon con which is a
convention in Chicago Illinois it's the
second year they've done it and it's
dedicated to science fiction steampunk
comic books cosplay steampunk Star Wars
Star Trek steampunk and steampunk oh
don't forget steampunk oh yeah they also
had steampunk there
while you mention Star Trek they had a
lot of Star Trek things there but most
importantly they had Star Trek trivia
which I participated
how would you do it Star Trek trivia
well I'm glad you asked Jay because my
team won oh what'd you win I won this
this toy what is that what do you mean
what is it it's a Klingon disruptors on
Star Trek generation oh that's your
favorite Star Trek movie right you're
right it is
BAM
so the siphon con also had a film
festival going on during it's mostly
horror films low-budget horror films I'm
our fucking horrible flop movie feeding
frenzy played in the film festival I've
had the frenzies before for other things
but not feeding frenzy and after the
screening we did a Q&A; so yeah that was
really great after the screening to meet
some of the fan that showed up and
filled the question the convention had a
lot of guests - Robins Picardo was there
he played the doctor in Star Trek
Voyager did you know what this is from I
have no idea what it's from I just
thought it looked science fictiony and
I'm happy we're here you're a big Star
Trek fan I'm a big Joe Dante fan and he
falls into both worlds gremlins - inner
space the Ravi I probably done 15 jobs
with Jo my between the scenes cutting up
on on the howling which was primarily a
dramatic role showed him that I that I
had a good sense of humor and then most
of the other roles I've done for you
since then have been comedic and
speaking of Joe Dante Robert Picardo was
in gremlins 2 with Zack Galligan do you
know how much the clamp organization has
spent to provide its employees with art
by recognized artists and then Zack
Galligan later appears on Star Trek
Voyager don't touch me Jesse's humans
you do run into people that you work
with years before as time goes by and
you everybody remains in the profession
and everybody has you know a working
career and a successful career instead
of looking at them as your competitors
they really become your old friends and
I even asked him what it was like to
work with Andy Dick what are you doing
activating intruder alert what's the
last thing you want to do work secured
listen to me I remember the first thing
you said to me was if you're named
Picardo is so close to Captain Picard
do you get teased a lot and I said wait
a minute your name is Andy Dick and
you're gonna make fun of mine and they
have this little close up boxes and TV
Guide that feature
a special episode or a special guest
star I was a little afraid of the you
know they had a picture of me and Andy
Dick
what the hell where the caption might be
you know Picardo love stick the Cardo
handles dick partum and dick inseparable
so on one of Robert Picardo glossy
pictures that he sells his autograph on
I noticed he was holding a thrombus
modulator oh and it's actually in the
Andy Dick episode where him and Andy
Dick played gay Holograms that save a
Starfleet shit get me the thrombin
modulator he signed his picture to us
leaked from the keeper of the thrombin
modulator but Ju also met an actor that
you are just enamored with it made my
whole weekend hey guys were at syphon
2011 and normally when we go to these
conventions I don't get into the whole
dressing up thing but when I found out
Richard Hatch was gonna be here I
decided to get my cosplay on and go as
Dan Roebuck from prisoners of the lost
universe
oh shit
guess who I'm dressed as I'm Dan Roebuck
from prisoners of the lost universe
that's obscure alright so we're here
with Richard Hatch who of course
everyone knows from Battlestar Galactica
but I personally am a big fan of a movie
called prisoners of the lost universe
you know the falling dead people off the
cliff scene was probably one of the
worst ones in history but it's so bad
that it's probably funny going on I'm
glad you like it I hope you bought up
the only remaining copy I want you to
sign this little document that says you
will never let it out of your hands and
if you decide you don't want it anymore
you will burn it what's a convention
without rich evidence the most Awkward
uncomfortable person around
hi this is rich Evans at the Saipan con
at the Hyatt in Rosemont Illinois who
are you dressed as today sir
we talked to some stormtroopers how are
you doing today sir I'm doing all right
you talked to some attractive ladies mmm
I'm here with our riverwalk pinup
studios on were a studio located out of
I'm absent and we do an array of pinup
the fantasy type of photo shoots he
wanted to talk to them specifically why
would he want to talk to attractive
women I think he's a sex pervert
how do you feel about our current
national debt crisis
oh well ill any and any and open it and
then no no we're going to me that may be
the most insightful commentary I have
heard on the issue BAM
so we had an interesting time at siphon
con this year it's a as a smaller
convention no cuz it's only in its
second year but all big things start
somewhere and so maybe someday it might
be a huge convention but what else
happened at siphon con other than you
got raped in the parking lot