Episode 016
Fright Night and Conan the Barbarian
Original Airdate: August 31, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-fright-night-and-conan-the-barbarian-2/
_________________________________________________________________________________

half in the bag get out of my car and
into my dream oh oh fuck my life oh what
happened oh no that doesn't work doesn't
work what what Oh what is the size of
this shit on my head what the fuck
happened here last night was oh there is
a bunch of weird people that came over
we all started drinking things got
really out of hand and then Zach
Galifianakis showed up and then after
that I don't remember anything that
happened holy fuck that's just like that
movie castaway
ah house a lot of work yeah I think we
have to take a break from drinking I
think you're right
and that's enough yeah oh oh the VCR is
gone
how can we continue to milk this man out
of all of his money if we don't have the
VCR reporter oh shit here he comes
uh what are we gonna do we gotta like
hide it somehow what what's going on
here well that's the perfect place to
put my beautiful picture of black baby
Jesus yeah we thought so too
whatever I'm off of the movies I'm going
to see Conan the Barbarian my doctor
wants to see if my new seizure
medication is working
look my cats in the bedroom leave him
alone he's working on a project hey guys
welcome to half in the bag and on this
episode we're gonna be discussing two
pointless remakes that have already
flopped and been forgotten about Fright
Night and Conan the Barbarian now I've
seen the original versions of both these
movies and Mike you have not no I have
so we may have a slightly different
perspective on them yeah but can I
correct you on something though hmm
Conan the Barbarian is not a remake but
it's a reboot because it's not the same
story as the original so you know just
FYI maybe before you do a movie review
you should check your facts idiots I
only need to know one facts James Earl
Jones is not Edward James Olmos I'm
sorry but that fact too is wrong shit
now listen to me who draft up all the
disappearances that's you right there in
the center next to his house I really
hate to be the one to tell you this but
that guy your neighbor Jerry he's a
vampire
so Fright Night is a movie about a high
school kid who discovers that a vampire
has moved in next door
dun dun duh so Fright Night what did you
think about it well I I like the
original Fright Night a lot it's not a
great movie but it's a it's a fun horror
movie it's a light-hearted horror movie
it's kind of like the perfect sort of
like Halloween party movie oh I think of
it like movies like creep show where
they're not very intense not very dark
there's sort of sort of fun um and this
movie kind of seemed to be going for
that same sort of tone but everything
they changed to sort of justify it being
a remake was for the worse pretty much a
lot of the elements that are in the
first movie make it a more cohesive
story than this version that's what I
noticed about the movie right off the
bat was that it was very bland and that
there were interesting creative elements
like the Las Vegas showman who's the
vampire hunter character and I was like
oh that's kind of neat and then it's
like I'm not really and that doesn't go
anywhere what you guys mentioned about
the original was that that character was
like a horror movie host and that
Charlie the main character was kind of a
nerdy guy who's into horror movies and
so he goes to the horror movie host for
help yeah oh he's just like a TV show
fraud
Charlie goes to him for help and
throughout the course of the movie he
sort of like learns to become this
vampire hunter which is the character
he's been playing on TV and it's it's a
more interesting arc for that character
than in this version where there's like
some stupid hackneyed backstory that a
vampire killed his parents
you've been watching me I've been
watching you your mom there's a kind of
neglect gives off a scent your girl
she's ripe I didn't find the movie like
horrible
I found it enjoyable it's not terrible
no no I think the problem with with it
for me was one it didn't go too far in
using those fun elements of the movie
the kind of the high school kids are
investigating something and nobody
believes them yeah
oh there's not a vampire next door
you're crazy I got the evidence
let's go their bikes in what were you
all that kind of stuff is is I I thought
could have been fun but yeah it was
played sort of that
yeah those elements are in the original
the original plays out more is a mystery
a bit and it has more sort of a rear
window vibe to it
Oh guys a lot of stuff early on with
Charlie like looking out his window and
seeing like a coffin getting moved into
the neighbor's house in the middle of
the night and okay really sort of like
classic you know horror movie stuff yeah
Colin Firth played sort of a generic uh
villain but by the way why was Colin
Firth in this movie I don't know it was
interesting casting I mean why would
Colin Firth pick this film after just
winning an Oscar for The King's Speech
you smelled that it's your fear
the one thing that stuck out to me was
that this movie had 120 minute long
running time yes for those of you who
don't do math that's exactly 2 hours
mm-hmm and the movie felt like exactly 3
hours it kind of felt like halfway
through the movie everyone just sort of
gave up and the sight there's like three
climaxes that like there's three big
sequences that feel like this should be
the end of the movie sequence yeah
there's three of them like in a row and
then those like tiny little bits in
between yeah
well there's that whole sequence where
you know there's a bit of a setup where
it's like there's a vampire next door no
there's not
mom locked the door what are you talking
about you're crazy that that sort of
stuff and then it kind of all comes to a
head with comfort like I'm just going to
blow your house up that particular scene
comes off as like the desperate act of
the villain at the last act exactly yeah
I was like is this the climate this is
is this this then then after a while I
realized I'm like oh this is only like
the second act what were you calling it
start and stops start II stopping yeah
yeah where it's like and yes I guess you
could call it the return of the king
syndrome yes yeah roll croteau yeah roll
credits
oh ho
I'm gonna end him or he's gonna end me
that's how it's gonna be
so Fright Night did you enjoy it overall
uh
it was alright it was alright as someone
that's a big fan of the original this is
sort of like the same story just not
told as well
so yeah I don't I don't want to give the
wrong impression I enjoyed this movie I
did not hate it um I had fun watching it
it felt long now there are some
interesting scenes I like the scene when
when it's you know it's fairly obvious
but I like to see him when he's trying
to get into his house to get the beer he
does this like really lame setup he's
like how many beer I got a chick coming
over yeah and and and he's like yeah
yeah and then he drops a beer on the
ground and he's like you want me to come
in and help you is it no no no no yeah
and it went on really long it again went
on longer than it needs to toll almost
twice as long as that scene needed to be
but it was it was a fun little tense
scene and there was a couple moments
like that and and I liked the ending
conveniently there is a steak that was
blessed by st. Michael or whatever the
magic plot device steak it's called the
magic plot device steak that if you kill
the head vampire all of his other
vampires revert to normal people and
then the girlfriend character gets
bitten and she becomes a vampire so
there is a a way to save the girlfriend
yes yes very convenient yeah but when
they bit her they had not introduced
that yet so it was like oh you know how
he's got a safer and dumb on a story
level that really raised the stakes do
you hear that yeah it sounds like a
siren
it's the pun police Oh get my shotgun
they're not taking me without a fight
our next film is Conan the Barbarian a
touching coming-of-age tale about a
young boy learning to deal with the
death of his parents by hitting other
people with a giant sword over the years
he becomes a man and learns that he
doesn't always have to hit people with a
giant sword just most of the time I see
Jenny a man crossing the sands a night
Gloria Mike what did you think of Conan
the Barbarian I was thoroughly
entertained by Conan the Barbarian in a
barbarian sort of man it is possibly the
worst film I've ever seen um in in
screenplay terms yes it's the most
simplistic screenplay I think I've ever
witnessed on screen mm-hmm Conan's a boy
his father dies there's the guy that
killed his father and he's got to get
him yeah and normally that sounds like a
premise to a lot of movies but there are
other things that happen woven in
throughout the story there's plot twists
developments that happen in the story um
one character betrays another the bad
guys really not up to that he's up to
this and you know other things can
happen this no nope and and it's
entirely filler the whole movie yeah and
at exact intervals they have utterly
pointless actions mm-hmm like they go on
a ship as a place of refuge for
something and then while they're on the
ship guys swing in and attack the ship
for no reason yeah fight them off and
they'll go yay and then it's like the
next scene it's like it's like whenever
the script needed an action scene yeah
to keep the audience from falling asleep
they would throw up and literally there
was nothing else that happened in the
movie no there was one little minor
minor thing that happened where there
was a guy with an eyepatch who said in
the early part of the film Conan if you
ever storm the bad guys Castle call on
me because I know the way in Conan goes
world as our fuck year or lag and leaves
and then later on he goes in
engine which is of course the famous
soon-to-be-famous bar scene yes the
shortest scene in cinema history
Conan's gonna go find this guy that
pledged an oath to help him someday
and he goes into the place he says I'm
looking for this guy where is he up
there he is yeah he grabs the he grabs
the bar owner and he's like I'm I'm
solving a mystery here where is this guy
and he's like I'm right here and then
it's like hello okay let's go moving on
it's like oh okay
that's that
but Conan was also the best comedy I've
seen all summer yes and I seen a few
comedies or something but but that was
the one that had the most genuine laughs
from me I laughed harder and more often
in this movie than anything in a long
time yeah our friend rich Evans saw the
film with us and if you know rich Evans
and you know his laugh you can imagine
what the screening was like luckily we
were the only ones in the theater yeah
it would have been tough to try and
stifle the laughter this build yeah let
it started I was just like please God
don't let anyone else come in this
theater and thankfully no one showed up
yes is the summer of course yeah so
theaters should be completely empty
you're doing a great job Hollywood will
follow you to hell
so the film opens with Morgan Freeman
reading ridiculous narration yeah well
first of all if you if you have Morgan
Freeman doing your voiceover that's like
something they would do in a parody
movie right like immediately you're like
Morgan Freeman like a like a like an old
Mel Brooks like fantasies like Men in
Tights
yeah yeah Once Upon a the land of so it
opens like that and there's maps and
they're talking about fantasy lands of
something and they're like it's it's
long and convoluted it's long and it
just immediately lost me yeah and I'm
like I don't care
when does Conan hit someone with sword
and it says and it just starts and it
takes itself kind of seriously
throughout the first part yeah until you
see Ron Perlman in a gigantic beard it
he reminded me of Will Forte as the the
falconer in Saturday Night Live um it
came off as a comedy beard yes like like
I've been shipwrecked on this island my
whole life comedy beard and so I started
laughing immediately mm-hmm and there's
a ridiculously stupid battle that opens
the film Conan's mother is going into
labor on the battlefield for whatever
reason they let the pregnant woman nine
months pregnant woman go onto the
battlefield to fight she's yes she's on
the battlefield she's like I'm having a
baby so Ron Perlman comes out and he
performs a c-section operation with a
knife in under two seconds without even
looking yeah he's looking in her eyes
the entire time IDs goes takes a knife
and then he pulls a rubber baby out of
the same shot and the the theaters just
filled with laughter by the three of us
the rubber baby's going like this with
his arms and then he lifts it up in the
air and remind you we're in the middle
of the battle yeah so yeah he go he
takes the time to hold the baby up in
there and go this is Conan you could
probably do a drinking game with this
movie for how many times people put
things up in the air and yell yes ah
in despair your new mask you fail to
mention the explosion yes the explosion
in the prologue yeah how could I forget
they show some sort of city or castle in
existence it's like a miniature and they
show it explode but it's from such a
distance and the scale and the the speed
of the explosion is completely wrong
it's like yeah it looks like if you took
a can of wd-40 and a lighter and one and
then they composite it on top of there
and it's like no no no no that was the
first big laugh of the movie yeah like
oh yeah and it looked like like a cheap
effect you would make like a first-year
college student would make an After
Effects yeah they have some plug-in
explosion that they just add there and
it was like oh that that wasn't a castle
exploding yeah yes exploding this the
fire needs to go slower things in
miniature need to be shot in slow-mo yes
because big things blow up and fall
slower than little things yes it's how
gravity works on a planet Earth
but yeah it's it's laughs inducing yeah
yeah and the film isn't entirely like
hysterical all the way through no well
that's the great thing is that there's
there stretches of the movie where it's
like oh okay
it's getting tedious it's getting boring
but then something amazing happens that
makes you laugh uncontrollably for
extended period of periods of time and
that sustains you for another you know
five ten minutes but there was a really
funny scene where Conan puts a guy on a
catapult come on we should talk about
the fact that this movie a lot of the
scenes are edited to perfect comedic
timing yeah
which wasn't the intention but they
accidentally edited this movie as a
comedy where it's like the beats are
perfect for a comedy beat and they they
elicit laughter yeah what one example is
the there's there's a guy who that Conan
cuffs his nose off yes in the beginning
part of the film he goes oh my no
he immediately Conan cuts his nose off
you see the nose fly off his face and
the guy immediately goes oh my nose it's
like you don't say that unless you're in
a comedy yeah well when they
reintroduced that character again many
years later plenty
and finds him he follows him to some
place because he wants to he knows that
he can lead him to the bad guy yeah so
he follows him to the place and he goes
where's you know missing nose guy
whatever his name was and they're like
oh he's indisposed at the moment then
hard cut to him like cranking this thing
on some poor guy's hand torturing a guy
yeah yeah and it's like this flat angle
and he's like ah I cut back up back and
it's just we started laughing
and I don't know if it was intentional
but they they wanted it to be fun I
don't know did they want it to be funny
when Conan goes in and rips the guy's
nose cover off and sticks his finger in
the nose hole to torture of was that
supposed to be like oh he's doing that
he's a barbarian ya know it's funny when
you stick your fingers in a guy's open
nose hole
but something noteworthy about the cone
a movie and movies in general nowadays
is that no one no one says wow this
movie had great special effects they
would say that in the 80s in the 90s but
no one says that anymore because now
it's just like a given that movies even
of this caliber and this movie had a
fairly big budget actually I think was
like 70 million dollars it was yeah but
I was shocked when I found out how much
this movie cost you should reword that
saying I was shocked it at finding out
how much they spent on this movie oh yes
good special effects are kind of a given
now it's it's a good thing though in a
way because if movies like this keep
tanking they'll have to actually make
the story good oh and they'll have to
actually make a good movie you know
because people aren't wowed by special
effects it's like when I saw avatar that
was like a WoW special-effects kind of
movie all it is is effects the whole
thing right and a notorious a super
simplistic story super simplistic but
then at the end you know the movie ended
and some guy behind me goes bad what a
bunch of crap just disregarding
everything yeah yeah all that hard work
all that all that time put in yeah I
like that all those amazing visuals that
would have been just like mind-blowing
ten 20 years ago yeah they just go add
whatever what's next yeah and so it's
like special effects especially 3d no
one cares yeah about 3d or special
effects anymore and during Conan I was I
was I was thinking back to a time in the
mid to late 90s and there is sort of a
small revival of these types of movies
the Conan Warrior kind of movies around
the time of Xena the warrior princess
yes but there was a movie called call
the Conqueror which star Kevin Sorbo he
was a warrior slave
until fate made him kids of illusia
and now Bri Kevin Sorbo works at my gas
station mmm by the way maybe we should
get him on the show and ask about call a
conquerer no sure yeah um but anyways
Kevin Sorbo started this filming and
that movie and movies like the UH the
Dungeons & Dragons below man Marlon
Wayans the amazing Dungeons & Dragons
movie but where those movies they didn't
have computer graphics that they do now
they didn't have the the complete
merging of the green screens and visuals
to where that everything's really just
like seamless and yeah it was just
really lots of practical stuff yeah it's
of crappy sets and you know stuff like
that and I would have hated to see what
the Lord of the Rings films look like if
they were made in 1990 who you not I
mean yes
I mean matte paintings are cool and all
but there's a limit yeah and and and
like George Lucas said special effects
are a tool yeah a means of telling the
story as long as we're talking about
special effects I wanted to bring up a
sequence that was in Fright Nights that
one looked terrible and two was a
shameless ripoff of the sequence in
children of men where there's a camera
in the middle of a car and it's doing
like 360 camera shots and there's all
sorts of exciting action happening
outside the car it's the exact same
structure exact same shot but in Fright
Night it was all completely green-screen
backgrounds all the effects them driving
it was all completely done on the
green-screen and it's obviously done on
a green-screen
look pretty bad as opposed to children
or men where it was all done real camera
in a car on a real streets doing the 360
they had a whole big rig yeah that's and
uh there's a couple little digital you
know effects to enhance certain things
but for the most part it was real and it
feels real it adds to the intensity of
the scene well it wasn't that the I mean
the CGI in fright night was bad and
noticeable but that's a different
different perspective because Fright
Night needed more practical
facts frightening needed to have real
blood and real the smoke from a smoke
machine monster makeup on steamers I
miss prosthetics yes the the makeup
effects in the original Fright Night are
like classic and great-looking yeah that
came off as computery it all felt very
digitally Ashley the end most of it felt
real digitally in digital felt too clean
too phony yeah it should be with
especially with a horror movie she feel
more sort of organic and gritty right
Organic is is is is the exact
appropriate term because it's uh it's
it's about people dying and yes flood
right and and what you're trying to say
with your comparison to children of men
is the 360 car thing with the green
screen is a complete inappropriate use
of special effects technology where it's
not needed it right
so considering that there's seems to be
no end in sight to remakes what would
what would you like to see remade hmm I
would love to see a remake of beaches
with Bette Midler except this time
Barbara Hershey should be played by Anne
Hathaway but Anne Hathaway will have
much more cancer and it'll be CGI cancer
and then when they're on the beach and
the Sun is setting and she's about to
die she explodes and Bette Midler won't
do the theme song no no wind beneath my
wings crap for this movie
the theme song will be done by Kesha and
at least it'll be called I'm sorry you
can't go out through the club with me
because we died of cancer Savi can't go
out to the club tonight because died of
cancer
I'm crunk I'm crunk I'm glad I don't
have the cancer I'm glad I didn't die of
cancer cancer arises Prancer who was one
of Saint Santa's reindeers
you know we should really look into
figuring out where the VCR is or we're
gonna lose our jobs you're right
and I find it awful funny that that's
the only thing that got stolen here last
night yeah there were a lot of strange
people here too there may be more to
this and we even realize we need to work
uncovering this mystery before it
strikes oh my god mr. Plunkett what the
hell happened to you I made a wrong turn
instead of seeing Conan the Barbarian I
accidentally went to Conan the barber oh
my god oh you think and get another
barber to fix this somebody killed me
somebody fill me in hurts
you