Episode 114
Suicide Squad
August 7, 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePoxmPMwJNQ
___________________________________________

half in the bag yes I did it here that J
that's the sound of lightning-fast VCR
repaired going online oh my god I
haven't heard the sound in 25 years I'm
assuming this isn't a fiber optic
connection with at least a hundred
megabits per second no it's actually
just plugged into our phone line so if
somebody calls us we get kicked off line
what the guy that sold it to me at the
gas station said it was top of the line
and I believed him what are you doing oh
I'm just going on two Rotten Tomatoes no
I wanted to check the score for that new
Suicide Squad movie oh my god
what did you learn from the Internet's
well the score is really bad oh well
that's no surprise yeah but I found a
website where somebody has started a
petition to shut down Rotten Tomatoes
just because they give DC movies bad
scores oh wow really I wanted to get
Rotten Tomatoes shut down for giving
positive reviews to the Ghostbusters
remake the system is rigged here's what
it says we need this site to be shut
down because its critics always give the
DC extended universe movies unjust bad
reviews like one Batman V Superman dawn
of Justice and two Suicide Squad oh
there's just two there's just two listed
yeah that counts as always that
justifies shutting down an entire
website especially one that's owned by
Warner Brothers yeah definitely the
company that they're clearly biased
against their own movies yeah and that
affects people's opinion even if it's
really great movies oh my god could you
fit more grammatical errors into one
paragraph
haha I tell you Jay I just don't
understand this world anymore I know
we've got things like disease poverty
Andy dick and terrorism but clearly this
is a priority
I tell you Jay this new Suicide Squad
movie makes me want to grab some rope
get a chair
go up into my attic and commit to
learning all the nautical rope knots
you know like anchor Bend bowline
bowline on a Bight Buntline hitch
butterfly knot Carrick Bend heaving line
not Icicle hitch midshipman's hitch
mooring hitch rolling hitch running
bowline sailor's coil stevedore stopper
knot trucker's oh my god DC is back with
another thing this time it's called
Suicide Squad a film about all the
executives at DC oh wait sorry with Man
of Steel and Batman V Superman DC has
attempted to differentiate themselves
from Marvel superhero films by adopting
a dark gritty more realistic aesthetic
they continue to try and be different
from Marvel with Suicide Squad by
featuring a giant blue laser shooting up
into the sky characters exchanging
quippy dialogue and a terrible villain
with weak motivation who has an army of
faceless henchmen for our heroes to kill
endlessly with no moral qualms nothing
like Marvel movies at all the Joker the
most iconic villain in comic book
history shows up to have no relation or
impact on the plot whatsoever thanks for
nothing
Jay what did you think of Seuss as God
why did you say that so sing-songy
I don't know the movie put you in the
mood for music after all the the endless
endless pop songs Suicide Squad aka
paying royalties but half the budget had
to go to music every five seconds
there's a new fucking song we'll talk
about that we'll talk about that and why
that's there
oh should I know why I guess I'm cynical
man with the heart of coal um I would
describe a smoothie is frustrating
fucking frustrating I think I hated it
and that's what's frustrating is that
there was a lot of elements in it that I
actually thought could have been good
and there's some stuff in the final edit
that I think is actually good but I kind
of feel the same way about it that I did
about that Fantastic Four movie where
the re-edits and reshoots and moving
around scenes is so obvious that it's
hard to even judge this as a completed
movie yeah it echos fantastic for a
whole lot it's its studio meddling the
sequel yes because adil reading on this
and it's very similar to the Josh Trank
debacle although David Ayer didn't like
publicly say horrible things about
studio that will ensure that he never
works again in Hollywood I think I think
I feels very sorry of are they saving
money on budget by hiring like like
c-level directors like well they're
hiring people for these fucking movies
that have a voice some like Josh Trank
who's made a movie with a vision David
Ayer's done movies with a vision why
hire these people why like why hire
someone that that is a director that has
things that they want to say and then
and then just change it all later hire
Brett Ratner who will do whatever the
fuck you want yeah it makes no sense to
me why they keep hiring these people
well also they need to they need to
figure out what the fuck they want to do
before they start rolling the cameras
well that's the problem is they don't
know what they want until they see what
they don't want well they don't know
what they want until they see what
others have made that is successful yeah
and then take the footage you already
have and rearrange it to trying
get it to the tone of something else yes
that's exactly what happened here
because like you said I can also see a
movie in this mess oh yeah because the
first half of this movie is a complete
mess complete mess
it feels like the first half of this
movie feels like a sequel because it
keeps cutting you these flashbacks and
the flashbacks are clearly at one point
we're full scenes that have been like
chopped up and truncated and when it
cuts to them it's like oh we're cutting
the footage from the first movie but
this is the first movie yeah and like
the Joker's just they're the most iconic
superhero villain ever and it's like el
areas he's just in the scene I wish I
could see that scene because it might be
interesting reah
Harley Quinn before she goes nuts and
she's his therapist or whatever and it's
like oh I would like to see that were
out of that scene now now we're back to
Viola Davis explaining that they have to
assemble his team and then the minute
that ends she goes into a boardroom and
explains that they need to assemble a
team there's a lot of repetition in this
movie yeah and then her assembling a
team to fight this threat she
unwittingly creates the threat that was
the most frustrating part is like she's
like we need to we need to assemble this
team because Superman he turned out to
be a good guy but the next person like
him to come down to our planet might not
be a good guy so we need to assemble
Harley Quinn with a baseball bat
to combat Zod
what the fuck is she gonna do what is
Jai Courtney with a boomerang going to
do against a super-powered alien from
another planet so that playing stupid
she says hey Enchantress this witch lady
you're going to be in charge of the
Suicide Squad because I think that they
can do something for some reason and
then immediately The Enchantress turns
evil and and becomes the main bad guy of
the movie and then Viola Davis is like
we need to stop and chant hrus I told
you like this whole thing is your fault
the entire movie is Viola Davis is Fault
it makes her look like a dumbass when
they come through the the entrace wrists
which which layer they never found the
little low bottle that held her secret
evil brother get some clay and a kiln
and make a little bottle to put the
enchantress back in it where they worked
in ancient times sure might work again I
don't know how I guess they had the cat
say magic words or something and we
don't know those anymore
so I can put him back in a very fragile
breakable bottle also what fucking
person who calls themselves an
archaeologist finds an ancient thing in
like cracks it no they pick up that shit
very carefully jinn and the boots on the
guy and touching this she goes yeah I'll
just break this whatever maybe a fart
maybe she's new to it this is her first
her first time out she was like an
archeology student mmm and she was sick
the day they the taught the lesson
don't break artifacts
was this cheerleading trials
hi boys
I have a feeling the original edit like
the first half of the movie was
these weren't flashbacks and this was
just like here's a character and here's
what they're doing here's the other
character I was thinking of the movie
sorcerer
directed by William Friedkin which
that's sort of a group of misfits band
together for a mission that starts about
halfway through the movie the first half
of the movie is here's one of these
characters they really establish them
then here's another character in another
part of the world and they really
establish who that is
and then halfway through the movie they
get to the mission I kind of felt like
that's what maybe the original cut of
this movie was before they fucked
everything up and through the footage
into a wood chipper well yeah it's it's
a lot of characters to introduce though
and and you would need that really slow
pacing yeah I'm a feeling that's what it
was but the weird thing is they they try
and introduce them all quickly with
these jump cut II flashbacks and then
after they're done doing that we're
reintroduce to them again where they go
like cell-to-cell and it's like we know
these are now it's some fucking mess and
then in third act of the movie the start
of the third act we get a flashback to
something that happened in the first act
of the movie we already saw this it's
not even giving us new information it's
just here's that scene you already saw
yeah I mean it's it's a the first half
of the movie is a terrible mess and then
that ending you kind of get a idea of
what the director was going for there
the best scene in the movie is when they
all just kind of go fuck fuck you we're
gonna go on to this bar and drink yeah
and then you know that's where the movie
slows down slows down yeah and they do
some characterization and I was like oh
god Joel Kinnaman don't come in and say
you're in love with the Enchantress and
that's the reason why I love her oh no
other than that it was a really nice
slow scene and then after that
everything got very dramatic yeah and
and you and I was like okay this is kind
of working for me I like the dark tone I
like it and I like the dark tone in
contrast was how weird everybody is it's
going for like jokey quippy it's just
these are just weird characters right
and I liked that I didn't like the
villain and that's what killed the
ending for me is all the CGI which
flying around and the the laser gunner
in the sky I didn't like that stuff but
yeah like he said I can see what he was
going for I kind of did like that part
because I'll explain to you in a minute
but you thought you saw kind of what
what he was going for and how and the
thing that ruined the movie for me was
yeah it's like DC panicked they saw how
successful Deadpool was Deadpool was
very very light hearted yeah very funny
and then you have guardians of the
galaxy and I think what I read was they
did test screenings as they always do
and people are like and it's not funny
but it's not dark yeah and then the
studio's agree we'll we'll try and do
both we'll find the best of both worlds
well the story is they they had multiple
editors doing different cuts of the
movie they had a they hired a trailer
house to do a cut of the movie yeah and
I think that's the yeah trailer breaking
so I think they went with that version
where it's like let's cram in as many
pop songs as we can the first 10 minutes
of this movie feel like a big trail it's
like five pop songs in a row it's just
endless and they're all so obvious like
as far as uh you know the lyrics to the
song I was thinking of the Watchmen
movie that does that too or as really
obvious songs and I'm watching these
scenes and I'm picturing them without
the music and and so it's almost like
yeah totally it's it throws it off yeah
it's like hey we're guardians of the
galaxy we're funny and and you know
quippy and there's humor and and I have
a feeling that it wasn't supposed to be
like that with the exception of Harley
Quinn and her little like lines that she
throws out lets her cares you're a
talent it's fine yeah yeah and she's the
best part of the movie Margot Robbie
Robbie how do you pronounce it I think
it's Roby whatever it is she is great in
this and I actually liked Will Smith in
this quite a bit too which is surprising
because I normally don't like him but
he's way more low-key
and he's of course the heart of the
movie because he's got a daughter and
there's that connection and when this
movie just slowed down and focused on
them I liked some of it
yeah but the Harley Quinn other than her
like it doesn't make sense for them to
use her obviously she's the Joker's
girlfriend so don't let her out of that
cage yeah because that's just inviting
disaster because he's going to try and
come get her by the way when they let
her out of the cage and they're heading
into the city for their mission
she's like texting the Joker why does
she have a cellphone
well the fuck did they give her a cell
phone she hid it in some crack okay I
really couldn't tell he's had in there
for years
maybe she found one while they were
walking around on the street I really
don't know yeah she's that's a bad idea
plus she's clearly mentally unstable
yeah she's a crane what is she going to
do the only person that has any
abilities that would help them is maybe
the pyro guy yeah
Jai Courtney with a boomerang like
what's he gonna do that was super
powered which demon Oh gilja
I'm just gonna hurt you really really
bad
that's awful
don't forget we're two bad guys I know
this is heresy but I had a little
Ghostbusters vibe I was thinking of the
end of ghostbusters of the witch at the
end yeah all that yeah it's like she
gets like this this she's the witch and
she goes like petrified and then it's
like she peels our skin off reminded me
it goes our dogs yeah yeah and then I'm
gonna open the portal I'm an
interdimensional unstoppable creature
and then so you got this like ragtag
group of like people that are have all
these different weird abilities and
they're like here go stop this I was
just wondering what Batman didn't show
up try help but Batman does show up in
the movie yeah he punches a woman in the
face which is sort of weird
I found that off-putting to see one of
the most famous superheroes of all time
just punching Harley Quinn right in the
face multiple women get punched in the
face in this movie and now that I'm like
like if it's appropriate it makes sense
but this movie was weird one time it's
played for Laughs that Slipknot
character that's another thing too is
like after we establish all these
characters and then it's like oh and
here's another guy and he gets out of a
vehicle and just punches a woman in the
face unlike Ghostbusters which features
three white ladies who are academics and
a black lady works in the subway this
film was a very diverse collection of
characters we have we have a Latino man
we have a Japanese woman we have a black
man we have a white lady yes we have an
Australian and we have and they're all
led by an african-american female who's
who's very powerful in the government
sure it's it is that's all great but
they're all played is like really
simplistic stereotypes so there's no
there's no racial stereotypes there
they're just up there just mostly bad
people and and no one is championing
this film as the model of cultural
diversity as it should be I mean yes
they're all villains but that is why
they're all bad guys in stereotypes I'll
do the right thing at the end which is
stop an intergalactic monster
that's oh oh there's an escape from New
York thing where they all have capsules
in their neck so they have to do the
mission and then the what's that guy's
name the Robocop remake guy Joel
Kinnaman Joel Kinnaman it was on a great
program called well he's the one that's
in charge has a lady on it who played so
he he he smashed his really great show
he smashes the device that will set off
these capsules so he's like alright I'm
sorry you guys can do whatever the fuck
you want
and then immediately Jai Courtney's
character runs out as I go that's funny
he's just abandoning them all but then
he's just in the next scene anyway so
there's lots of moments like that or
it's like oh they're gonna do something
different no this is this is stupid but
she has an app on her phone that has
their little pictures oh yeah and and so
that's what she uses as leverage it's
all she has to do is touch their picture
touch screen yeah a head blows up which
they demonstrated with Slipknot and then
she's like this back off motherfuckers
you know and her fingers are out or
fucking fuck and I'm like if I were the
guy in the top row hey I'm like how'd
you sound like this yeah you get just
get your fingers off like who's doing
this movie who's making these movies
apparently nobody really a group of
people in a boardroom are making these
movies and panicking and who is this
movie made for Jay I have no fucking
clue there it was originally shot as a
pg-13 and then there was talk of them
doing well they did do reshoots and
there was talk of the reshoots being to
make it R which it's not it's pg-13 lots
of people get murdered in this movie
lots of people get shot and killed
there's no blood but it's very violent
there's lots of shooting and the
characters are you know they're anti
heroes they're bad guys
so I don't know the audience's for it
people with ADHD because it doesn't make
any fucking sense well that are
screening there I was wondering this you
know at our screening there was a lot of
weirdos there was there was a smell of
pot in the air smells on the air but
they're also like like weirdos you'd see
like I don't know at like a like a dingy
bar or a rave or you know you know what
I mean like yeah it wasn't like your
typical like it wasn't comic book nerd
it wasn't comic book nerds on like the
overweight guy with with the Captain
America shirt on and the big beard you
know I was eating popcorn it was like
like I don't know like weirdos came out
of the woodwork but yeah like like all
the tattoo parlors were empty like it
was just like I guess I can see it based
on the marketing like it looks like it
looks like Hot Topic the movie yes it
looks like hopped topic threw up all
over guardians of the galaxy yeah and
that's the movie Jared Leto's Joker
looked like Marilyn Manson in the music
video he was a Scarface Juggalo yeah
yeah I guess we should talk about Jared
Leto have you ever seen Marilyn Manson
cover of tainted love yes yeah yeah
where he's he's got gangsta uh-huh
I sort of reminded me of but yeah let's
talk about Jared Leto uh well he's
barely in the movie for one thing he's
in about ten minutes of the movie he has
no connection to the plot he's not in
any scenes with anybody else except for
Margot Robbie uh and he has a talk with
a drug dealer who he offers offers
Margot Robbie as a sex slave to him and
then and then he says no and then he
kills him right was that a double cross
what was that scene the guy the guy
acted completely justified he's like no
this is not you have sex with that
girlfriend
yeah he's like I'd like to but but she's
a lady so no yeah
sir cool yeah that was unclear but but
my point is he is a scene that happened
that made no sense
there was another scene where there's
the guard at the prison that's at like a
casino or whatever yes and they dragged
him to the back room and the Joker says
some things and has no connection to
anything what was that scene I what I
through blob look what I thought was
going to happen was Joey which which
kind of happened there it was brought up
later but the Joker takes the guard in
and basically says gonna let her out of
jail but then then it's like then the
the the suicide squad team led by Vale
Davis come in and they take Margot
Robbie out yeah and she's like I'm
leavin now and then he the guards like
wait wait wait a minute you know the
joke is gonna be mad at you and then
that was the end of it yeah it served
absolutely no purpose maybe in the
original cut of the movie things made
more sense I have no clue well that's
how it every every film goer needs to
say maybe it maybe I should go to where
they release the move they should put
disclaimers before these movies that say
like uh this movie did make sense at one
point in time enjoy question marks movie
was really good it made a whole lot of
sense and then we fucked it up and
release it because we got scared
yeah and we're constantly looking at
other movies instead of like having the
balls to release a movie the way it was
in
tended to be released we had committees
and market research people and pre
screenings and and all these people
going this take this out visit ELISA
you're saying you needed to do this you
need to do this and those are questions
or things that were being said after the
movie was shot right and they didn't
have the nerve to release it probably
this is all speculation it's like
Fantastic Four we'll never know we'll
never we'll probably I mean maybe this
movie you'll get like they did the
Batman V Superman extended cut maybe
we'll do an extended cut of this and it
will make sense I don't know because it
feels like a lot of this is the result
of reshoots too so it's like if they do
an extended cut will it be that original
version before they did that who knows
yeah it's all speculation yeah all I
know is that Jared Leto is the worst
fucking Joker ever why do you say that
he didn't even seem like the Joker he
just seemed like slightly quirky thug
yeah I mean unless you're gonna spend a
lot of time in the character like NOLA
Nolan movies did right where he actually
has something to do with the story very
nice yeah yeah the Joker really should
have like he should have shown up at the
end and kind of like foiled their plan
to stop the bad guy by you know it's
doing something like yeah or even the
the final scene of this movie well I
won't get into spoilers but oh I mumbled
spoilers hours ago okay I guess we don't
care the movie sucks don't see it so the
end of the movie is is there everyone's
back in prison and the Joker shows up
and he breaks her out like if that was
the first time you saw the Joker like a
lead-in to a future movie maybe that
would work but just having him be there
at the beginning of the movie in a
sloppily edited flashback that's not how
you introduce such an iconic villain can
we talk about the part where he asked
Harley Quinn if she would die for him
and she said yes and then she threw
herself into a vat of
a horse semen he waited and then one uh
and I'll jump oh yeah it was thought to
imply that that weird chemical gave her
some kind of superpowers or I have no
fucking clue I mean we know the Jack
Nicholson Joker
fell into a vat of chemicals and that's
what made him Joker that's this face up
and so maybe that has some connection I
have no idea what this is supposed to
because they should are getting like
electroshock yeah
treatment and that's what fucked her up
mentally but but uh uh did she trained
with like a martial arts master what not
gave an average sight psychiatrists
psychologists the ability to be like the
kung fu master did we know that oh it
was the power of bad screenwriting oh is
that that the superpower that that turns
your hair rainbow colored and parted to
the side we're gotcha come on back we're
watching or watching um pass through
pass through soon whenever it's
available pass through is my fourth
theatrical feature film but yeah like
here I the second half of the movie I
can't say that I hated it the second
half gets better there's still parts
that feel truncated and rushed but it at
least feels like a linear series of
events that happen in the order they're
supposed to yes as opposed to the first
half which is a giant cluster fuck yeah
you don't feel any kind of like forward
momentum like of excitement like we got
to stop this interdimensional monster
yeah you just you sort of feel like you
want to shower it's exactly what you
would expect when a studio metals for
the movie and just does panic mode
editing stop meddling with the movies if
you're going to hire David Ayer and I'm
sure he had a pitch said this is how I'm
going to do it
then just let him do it that's this and
don't listen to your test audiences yeah
or just hire Brett Ratner or just hire
Brett Ratner and then like he'll do
whatever you want every phase of the
production have marketing and pitch
meetings and go we could at week fists
you don't even need a director you just
need a boardroom of executives like like
shouting orders from like like a an iPad
behold the voice of God so Mike would
you recommend a suicide squad just
saying oh you can do it or the wheels
turning of who to recommend it to no not
really the wheels are turning because
because I didn't hate it I it it didn't
have that like like I hate you Zack
Snyder you know you would not just prick
you know that I this could have been
good it made me hate all the the
higher-ups yeah like that's why it was
so frustrating to me I hated the movie
because it was so clearly fucked wit to
the point of almost being incoherent for
the first half write it the first half
is fucking terrible the second half gets
a little bit better but by that point
this so much damage has been done it's
like I can't get into this movie now and
then we have one nice scene where
they're all hanging out in a bar that's
the only scene in the movie that I liked
yeah there's moments throughout the
movie that I like but that's the only
full scene whereas like okay I can see
what they were probably going for yeah
it's not worth it for that scene alone
and now and it's not like you could say
well there were a lot of funny moments
because it really weren't it was very
dark but I don't know I I I was somewhat
aware of the studio meddling and the
problems and I was very curious to see
it to kind of see what watch on the
screen like
okay that's from that that's wrong that
doesn't make it almost like an
analytical perspective oh sure I enjoyed
it on that level yeah and to watch the
the the Hindenburg DC logo on it all the
meta humanity
well one of the supporting roles in
Suicide Squad a random government agent
man is played by actor David Harbor oh I
see you're a big fan of his I I'm a huge
fan of David Harbor I've been following
his work for years
but in addition to Suicide Squad he is
also on the Netflix series stranger
things you guys getting paid by Netflix
now yes oh I love checks