The People vs. George Lucas and Star Wars Discussion (2 of 2)
Original Airdate: September 20, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-the-people-vs-george-lucas-and-star-wars-discussion-2-of-2/

half in the bag get this fucking crap
out of here
previously on half in the bag I don't
thank God yes come in please
hey guys what's up hey it's Alexander
Philippe the director of people vs.
George Lucas yes so my car broke down
and I was just wondering if maybe I
could like use your phone um sure
it'll be a dollar part too
so what would Darth Vader do if he just
suddenly had to throw up inside his
space masks I don't know like throw up
all over his face maybe yeah he wouldn't
have timed it feels like a sudden are
you still talking about Star Wars
of course yeah what else is there to
talk about you know I think I'm gonna go
because I'm an adult and I have adult
things to do that isn't talking about
Star Wars sobbing oh my god I'm never I
fine whatever so do you think George
Lucas is a crazy person well I mean you
know and I think that's that's the
beauty about George's that he's gonna
take so many secrets to his grave you
know who would you suspect he would
leave in his will to inherit the Star
Wars Empire Iran McCallum I don't think
so I don't know I mean when she left to
see like an autobiography by George
Lucas sure I think night now is the time
for him to just I would suspect it would
be mostly lies well I mean with your
film you can't took a more traditional
route and then with something like say
the 70 minute Phantom Menace review took
a particularly untraditional
untraditional it kind of shows the
spectrum yes of the material that's
available people remix in rieta ting
taking the characters and it's just like
do you think it devalues the original
content like I can't look at Darth Vader
the same way anymore he's become a
cartoon character
not just the fact that he yells no at
the end but I mean there's a series
called Chad Vader where Darth Vader
works in a supermarket and and it's just
like everything I'm totally able to
separate you know like when I watch Star
Wars or when I watch Empire I mean it
still intense and still see I don't
think about Chad Vader you know what I
mean yeah when I watch Empire yeah but I
think it's great that it's that there's
also Chad Vader and that there's you
know Family Guy and Robot Chicken and
you know I mean you're on and on and on
and on but you know that's also an
example that that I think and maybe Star
Wars is a unique example of it but that
there is a point where where it belongs
to culture whoa
I mean where is where that point starts
that's that's really the big question
and I'm not exactly sure and I don't
think anybody's really sure about that
yeah but I think Star Wars is something
we're going to look back on decades from
now as maybe something that will sort of
be deep you know be defining in terms of
you know legally how do we approach you
know oh yeah ownership of movies I've
wandered off and like you know like the
first time you heard about the People vs
Georgia because it's just the fact that
this title being made you know or the
first time you heard about you know this
run letter media you know 70 minute
review that is getting millions of hits
on YouTube how does that make him feel
or even just the the the phantom at it
the kind of the earlier things someone
taking his moving saying you did
everything wrong and I'm going to fix
everything you've done
he said before like Star Wars was just
like a silly sci-fi movie he's made he
made the 70s and he didn't expect it to
turn into anything so he could just be a
guy that just happened to make that and
it exploded and now he's just like
whatever like this is all you know yeah
he could have that attitude where he
just does not care about story and the
characters and and how it's affected
people in many ways and he's just like
because there's there's the picture of
him on the set of the Indiana Jones film
he's wearing the Han shot first shirt
which is of course it's it's this right
well it's either that or it's I mean see
how do you can reaso a morning maybe
yeah you can read it both ways or it's
like you get you guys are right
but I'm not gonna change it anyway but
you guys are right but why would he
change it I've done this Mike I have
done this for the past four years I feel
like we should end wearing
straightjacket you know well that's why
I'm moving on to other films I mean it's
like I'm not gonna keep the the thing
that fascinates me the most is I can
understand things from a financial
perspective
yeah I'm really Singh the films and
theatres they're going to have updated
things or on I can even understand him
releasing the films
over and over and over again with just
little changes and new things added just
to keep making people buy them right
what I can't understand is why he would
make little tiny changes that alter the
the quality or alter the characters that
just are just mind-boggling or the logic
the logic the logic rocky and the
characters that that last that new shot
that was really sorry we're going to
have on the blu-ray release of r2d2
hiding behind more rocks in a way that
he couldn't possibly have squeezed in
there what you I mean where's the logic
there I don't know what does it do like
how does it improve the film in any way
so so that's I think that right there is
kind of you know filling of the mystery
of George well that's another thing it's
it he doesn't seem super passionate he
describes things like very like a
simpleton like like he's talking about
he's like well in the other films we've
only seen two people fighting with
lightsabers now we see lots of people
with lightsaber now and that's like a
direct quote like verbatim and lots of
people are now hitting each other with
lightsabers in a bigger scene and that's
how he's describing his film and you're
like like what you know like does he
have the the is he is he the mind of a
child but the boy a sense of a 65 year
old man Adam oh it did just a little bit
of that I mean obviously you have to be
a little bit of a child right to create
Star Wars in the first place so the
let's the child the heart the heart of a
child right but but not the brain of a
child not a brain of a child I think
it's impossible for any of us to
understand what it can be like to have
the weight of Star Wars on your
shoulders
right yeah I guess I mean that's the
bottom line you know it's like putting
yourself and like I said before like
Michael Jackson's brain after he's been
exactly who he has attacked for so long
you're like I can't possibly imagine
what their thought processes are at that
point had the started Vader becomes a
right what do you mean how to start
there he got burned up by lava and then
he got a suit put on huh that helped him
breathe I look at George Lucas
objectively like people make fun of him
about this and that like I I don't I
don't hate him no I know I don't love
him I like to talk about why he does
some of the things he does but by no
means am I like outraged or anything
like that with the special edition
change the blu-ray changes it's like
some people seem to get very upset yeah
I I do get mad when I talk about you
know the few times you'll see me you
know if you were one of the festival
screenings where I got kind of intense
intense a little bit at the Q & A s is
when we really start talking about the
cultural heritage that Star Wars is and
and why don't we have those movies yeah
properly restored that makes me mad I'll
never say you know I don't think artists
Oh anything to their fans right but but
this is as close as it gets though
because I think I think considering the
love and the passion and the money that
we've given this guy over you know 3
plus decades
that's the one thing the defense have
asked for repeatedly repeatedly
repeatedly I just there's no reason not
to you know and and then and then on a
larger scale like fine even if you say
he doesn't owe it to his fans I think he
owes it to culture I think he owes it
toward our historical cultural heritage
and that's that yeah that's the question
at the heart of your doc yeah what you
know it's like if Leonardo da Vinci came
back to life and said I'm taking the
Mona Lisa yeah and and I'm going to put
it in my basement and no one can ever
see it again and all images of the Mona
Lisa will vanish off the face of the
earth we would just be low resolution
gif files um
but yeah like we live in I mean but he
doesn't have the right to do that I
don't think he would anymore but well
he's dead but he probably wouldn't but
what if you want to do would you have
the right to do that because that's his
painting yes sir that's no one has an
answer but there's also an added layer
with film like you know a painting is is
just - it's you know there's only one
original yeah right
film as we all know several versions can
coexist very happily on the same disc
yeah but it's still a work of art that
was created but it is a woman in a form
yeah yeah yeah but I might not want
people to see that for money well but
yeah but that's problematic when the
movie becomes you just want it that's
what well no you - well no no yes yeah
sure but but let's not forget about the
National Film registry because that that
I think makes it binding can I say one
more thing absolutely I think there is
something insulting and I'm going to
side with the fans for a second I think
there's something insulting for somebody
to step up and tell millions of people
this thing that you love so much is no
good at all and I want to change it I
agree right I mean I think there should
be at least to frame just say you know I
don't like it this way I want to do it
differently fine totally cool but for
him to say now you guys are wrong
that's a cool so in a very very
diplomatic way you're saying George
Lucas giant asshole I did not say I mean
people that people do think that and
they get very upset at him for making
changes daily I get emails yeah letter
sometimes this long and I'm just going
to share something otherwise yeah yeah
I'm curious if George wants to have his
way with the special edition at least he
shouldn't do it stupidly mmm-hmm I hate
him I hate his face may the force be
with you Yeah right there right that's
that's that Star Wars fandom right there
fuck George Lucas I am thirty and grew
up watching Star Wars a real fan of the
idea of the force before it became Arian
asked and Nazi one
Lucas can shove every one of those
microscopic midi-chlorians up his Weiner
hole until he pisses lightening Wow
wow that's a that's an acid as well
that certainly is a lot of emails I am
done with those let's just go back to
talking negatively about George Lucas
for the next three hours here why not
you know I'm a documentary filmmaker
it's not like I have a real job Oh God
well well well look what we have here
Alexander Phillipe and monster plaza
together in one convenient location
Lucas you fraud how did you find us
never mind that according to my lawyers
it's perfectly acceptable to kill you as
long as I get rid of the evidence
and what better way to do that than with
a huge bomb oh my god a bomb that bagel
blow up the whole block it's time to die
when I make my biography you too will be
little more than deleted scenes in fact
I'm about to alter you both not
digitally but with this bomb someone
over I like to call the special edition
oh sure I sense a presence I have not
felt since March that's not what I think
it is is it that's right
fuckhead its Star Wars the original 1977
unaltered version um oh I fix this all
years ago this isn't my true vision that
I keep changing
oh shit mom yeah
quickly throw yourself on it why do I
have to jump onto the bomb
well you're the least important person
in this room look you can't tell someone
to jump onto a bomb oh quit being such a
selfish asshole just jump on the bomb
already look I already saved the day
with TV and I made him run away like I
think I've done enough here why don't
you jump it's off it's time quickly
before it explode Oh No
just put it out so this is what you guys
do with your lives unfortunately yes yes
hmm
well I uh have to head back to LA have a
meeting with a big-name distributor in
the morning hmm okay so why are you guys
up to now um oh we were planning on
watching that it's a movie about a man
that turns himself into a giant catfish
Oh
you