Aug 20, 2014
Turtles Talk
youtube.com/watch?v=f9GaG3UPjDo

half in the bag
so what what's everybody's relationship
with the Ninja Turtles
um purely sexual I I think I first
started with the toy line I hadn't seen
the cartoon yet then saw the cartoon III
like the card to him well enough and
then I discovered the original black of
my comics and I was like those toys
in that cartoon this kind of book is
awesome hmm
um well I think I'm the polar opposite
yeah I I don't remember what came first
the cartoon show her the movie cartoon
came first well I know that but as far
as oh as far as what you discovering I
like the movie I like the movie a lot I
probably watched it a million times then
I watched the cartoon show I don't think
I like the cartoon show as much then I
found out there they were based on a
comic book and I looked at that and I
saw those in black and white so I didn't
read it I'm just being honest yeah it's
fine and then I went to see Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles part two the secret
of the ooze in a theater and then that's
when I became a man and I grew up
because I realized that I was no longer
a child because they came on screen and
they were beating people up with yo-yos
yes
and then little like four-year-olds were
cheering and their kids and like party
hats and and I was like oh then I became
I became a cynic I became instantly
cynical that day because I realized that
they they they tweaked the formula to
appeal to the younger crowd housing okay
yeah that was the that was the third
movie for me where it's like I grew up
you know I watched he-man and like
that but the Ninja Turtles was the first
thing I was like great but but but I was
a little younger when he man was on I
watched it because I was a little kid
and it was on but never took a bath with
my moss man oh that him up ever
boss came off yeah and it clogged up the
drain yeah that's that'll happen that
lots of children were beat because they
ruined Moss man and the furniture in
their house as the result of a wet moss
man but yeah I had all that was obsessed
with the cartoon I had all the toys and
then I discovered the comic I read the
comic I loved
app and then I saw the movie the movie
this doesn't happen anymore but I
remember going to see the movie opening
night and it was at a theater in the
mall
remember when malls had theaters and the
line for tickets went all the way
through the mall everybody was so
jazzed about this movie the
first one the first one yeah and that
doesn't happen anymore because you buy
your tickets online and there's never
crowds anymore in theaters for movies
you can always get in movies never sell
out at least in our areas too many movie
theaters yeah there's TV screens as too
many theaters that doesn't happen
anymore but yeah the line went all the
way through the through the mall and I
loved that first movie I saw the second
movie five times in the theater oh my
god thanks I was just at that age where
it still seemed kind of cool um but the
third movie was the point when I gave up
and now and honestly like I love there's
adults that are excited about this Ninja
Turtles movie or other adults that are
upset about this new Ninja Turtles movie
either way and to me that's like I don't
know the only time I think about the
Ninja Turtles is when something Ninja
Turtle related comes out but I haven't
thought about them the only affection I
have for Ninja Turtles is purely
nostalgic they're flippin like for TV
shows three or four different series of
comic books for movies if you don't like
one of them there's so plenty of other
that's got a ninja turtles on it
you can turn to know this there's
there's no point getting upset about
renewed and if there's no artistic
integrity to ruin they did a they did a
concert tape you can accomplish
more with music than you can with any
pair of nunchucks totally dude they did
a Christmas album gonna get it gets
gotta get a gift
they did a live-action series where
there was a female turtle that had boobs
on her shell you're a full-fledged
mutant hottie it do not be mutant
hotties whether the Ninja Turtles have
always been products aside for maybe the
original comic but they've always been a
product they've always been aimed at
kids there's things like Star Wars where
you like it as a kid but you can
appreciate it as an adult too and it's
still good yes the Ninja Turtles are
darfur kids
