Super Meat Hacks (Frauds) (Part 1)
October 19, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8WR4asx5ec

yeah hello everybody and welcome to the
defend our position on alien isolation
chat a game that I think me and Jack
both fucking hated I I don't understand
the love for this game that's the real
thing I mean III we know we avoid
avoided looking at reviews for this game
and then we played the game and III knew
I hated it and you know I texted you
it's something because we played this
game alone we didn't we didn't do like
the the the the group play in the room
like we usually do because we know it's
a war game and we wanted to give it a
chance as a war game so we we took the
game home played it in a dark room by
ourselves
individually and like like 10 hours in
the game I just texted Jack and I think
my text was bored and Jack knew exactly
what I was talking about you say bored
okay great I think I think our levels
are now about it's true it's really true
and that's the thing that people should
know and that was a little boring
section of the video but I kept it in to
make sure that people understood that we
really did give this game a real chance
and well I mean I didn't even think it
was gonna be bad yet I didn't I did not
have that bias like are they doing
something weird I don't know I thought -
I actually thought that myself I don't
know how they're gonna pull this off
over a full game well you know just
dodging one alien you think that would
get sold sooner or later but I was
curious to see what they had I honestly
gave that a shot I said it's not gave it
a shot and I did not have that I
actually did not expect to hate it and
you know what I think I misspoke I
expected to think of a go on too long
and it did but even just the short
experience dodging the alien even if it
were shorter I wouldn't have loved the
game pure No
and you know I this was a part of their
I'm turning up my microphone now for
everyone who says I'm slightly quieter
than rich this was a part of the review
that I edited out which was that I was
expecting mediocrity much like titanfall
I was expecting a perfectly competent
yet slightly boring game that's what I
assumed all that's what I assumed all
triple-a titles are is perfectly
competent but slightly boring and then
we got its that's true lately it is true
lately but that's not always true and
that's not always been true there been
some great triple-a games
I don't hate Triple A games I hate bad
ones and lately that's been most of them
I hate I don't hate Triple A games I
hate bad ones it's like it's like Triple
A games they got to the the point of
cover-based third person shooter and
they got stuck in and that cover-based
third-person shooter molasses mm-hmm cuz
that's that's the game portion of the
the uncharted right it's just third
person shooter mixed with Tomb Raider
yeah yeah all the game of the Uncharted
series is is a pretty basic shooter and
then some climbing like I don't even
know if you want to call platforming
there's some like QuickTime button press
climbing and but it's mostly it's mostly
just a shooter yeah yeah I did not have
like a heavy bias that I was gonna hate
this game I really didn't I agree it was
truly a miserable experience well and
that's why I like that's why I really
wanted to harp on the story so much
because that's what the game was so
simple all we had was story him and that
story was one of the dumbest experiences
I've ever encountered in in anything in
movies books video games for their game
to work you would have really have
absolutely needed to be immersed in the
game and the environment and that
ever happens you constantly run into the
you know the goofy lock doors there's
eight different types of locked doors in
one room and a video game I'm gonna have
to come back here later after I find the
key item you're constantly being taken
out of the game by that guy yet that
door opening shit that door opening
minigame shits up oh god I'm getting
worked up again that's okay that's it
you know what that's oh okay and by the
way I guess yeah I see someone talking
about spoiler alerting the ending of
alien isolation we will I'm sure be
talking about the ending of alien
isolation and I apologize but it's it's
gonna come about hold on I'm gonna turn
on the game really quick so might get
loud for a second for those listening
you playing Telugu war no no I gotta
change you have to change the name of
the stream I did it's um for me it says
live playing telling wish yeah
one loves the panties line oh well it's
like it's like it's like they set up a
like an emotion thing you're the
character and you know the door wakes up
and that's you in the the cryogenic
vioce but a hypersleep chamber whatever
they call it and then you start getting
up and then you look down and see my
body it's like oh that's right I'm a
woman I saw no I'm getting out of bed
and I'm wearing panties I said I'm
wearing panties
we're gonna I've got the sound I've got
the sound on the actual stream object so
I can hear you without that weird echo
sure sure no no I'm turning the game
volume there we go and you know what I'm
gonna turn it down over here as well
give me a second all right rich would
you give me a good goddamn second okay
rich I'm serious give me a second one
one-thousand okay okay now rich talk
yeah I'm talking right I'm talking and
I'm gonna talk with you and I'm gonna
listen to the stream hold on with my
earbud here okay so I'm talking you're
talking yes I'm talking talking right
now talking talking talking we're
talking talking talking
perfect all right everything that sounds
perfect
everything sounds perfect no and I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna start playing
super meatboy here while we talk about
alien isolation just so we can have some
video being but I mean literally yes I
mean you're you're not being hunted in
that game it's not like the AI is
tracking you no I mean it just decides
every now and then to pop the monster
out of a vet it's not hunting you it
doesn't feel like it's letting you it
feels like the game said well it's it's
time for the alien to pop out there is
jump in the cabinet and wait for him to
go away
that's a game Oh hiding in the camp
instead of playing a game the table
plants up while you wait isn't it fun is
it you know what isn't it fun that look
at this crazy fun you're having now hold
our to switch the right stick left hold
down X and square and open the door
right that's the game get a lot more
doors to open
smartos motherfucker here's the arrow go
towards the door push the button not
push that button you played a game can
you tell I hate that game
hahaha I can like like a lot like a lot
oh no and for those of you asking I have
played Super Meat Boy before this is a
new save so I have played super
newly-built before and I love Super Meat
Boy this is just a new save so that's
why none of the levels are unlocked
because I deleted all the game content a
while back because I'm dumb
can your branded in any case yeah
it's the worst I have been I've been
really enjoying reading the YouTube
comments because I do read them because
I moderate them yeah less hate than I
was actually expecting towards us yeah
more people than I thought have agreed
yes
no one I agree with that and I do I
really appreciate all of those I mean
you can disagree with us too as long as
you're not an asshole about I don't know
that would take not being an asshole
what I don't get other comments and say
you should only review a game if you're
going to like it
yes oh my god that annoys me so much you
don't look good like the game you don't
do the review it's like well how do you
know you're gonna like something unless
you review it
know one of my favorites of reason there
has been a recent string of we weren't
playing it right of course but we
weren't playing it right because we
weren't playing it on Hard difficulty
because apparently rich the developers
meant for it to be played on Hard
difficulty then you know what called
normal easy and make hard the normal
difficulty normal difficulty would be
the difficult most people play the game
at the first time they play the game
that's why it's bold
it's why it's called normal difficulty
yes seems like a logical thing to do
hey is that you John Wayne I just heard
the what the fuck thanks for subscribing
we appreciate it
but yeah that's the thing about normal
difficulty that's the normal that's what
you start with that's the average you
know make the if you intended the game
to be an hard difficulty then you're
doing it wrong then make it make to
difficulty options make make you know
normal and easy yep no it's that's the
dumbest that's the dumbest argument is
the we played it wrong because we didn't
play it on hard and difficulties a
problem the fact is the game is boring
sure I don't know how the difficulty
really changes that well they were
spending 98 percent of your time finding
an opening doors they were saying that
because some of our complaints on the
alien AI would have been addressed if it
was on hey well one of them one of the
major problems I have with the stealth
though is the way you deal with the
monster the alien spy hiding from it if
you can see you better I mean you're
still living in a closet for five
minutes right right
oh I agree with you
I'm trying to get an a-plus on every
level for anyone who just noticed what
or who was wondering why I was replaying
and and this is something I want to talk
about too because I mean this this kind
of did get cut from the review so I saw
one comment you know said they do give
you stealth tools it's it's true there
is a whole crafting thing but and and
you you like the way they did crafting
and and the menu and items I I did not
because is so awkward to get at any item
by that by the time you pull it out
you're already dead and I fight the
alien and I like that like but I mean it
kind of makes the items useless though
if you can't take them out in time to
use them but that's it's all part of
what they were trying to do you know
like they were trying to make a stealth
game with stakes and so like using those
items should be like this this um using
the items should be have a consequence
right where it's like oh you're so
scared of the alien and you could use
this item but it'll take time to use the
item so do you really want to do that
you know that's what they were trying
for and the problem again is that the
alien was so derpy and the story was so
bad and the game was so bland that we
didn't care about you know like whether
or not when you use an item or not so if
it were like a normal stealth game or
you actually had time to observe your
environments and and plan your next move
the items would have been perfectly
useful in my opinion but the way it is
the way the alien just randomly jumps
down at you you don't have time to get
that shit ready ahead of time you don't
know the aliens gonna jump down it
you're walking around you've got you've
got like a pistol out or something and
and suddenly you know the alien pops out
behind you you don't have time to find a
closet to hide in and you're just kind
of fuck you don't have time to go
through your item and you find the
noisemaker throw it the other way I hate
that game you should hate that game I I
didn't just I didn't just find faults
with it I I actively hate that game
I think that's okay I let me tell you
something I'm a gaming pak-rat
I am I still have my my copy of Super
Mario Brothers somewhere that's
cartridge I I don't think I've ever
traded a game in other than maybe like
pac-man world to think it's rated him
one of those but but I almost never
trading games the day after we filmed
the review I went to gamestop and I
traded in alien isolation and had them
order the the Metal Slug anthology for
me animal I'm very happy with that trade
yeah
I'm failing as as Captain big trip here
only an isolation boredom simulator with
aliens no no you're wrong beyond
infinite it is it is doors simulate door
open simulator 2014
dork simulator time door door opens
simulator 2014
it's it's it's it's it's
it's it's it's it's so like it you can't
even call it a simulator because a
simulator denotes some sort of game you
know it's it's baby necessarily in a
simulator similar is like recreating the
experience a flight simulator tries to
it accurately as it can okay few
controls to fly a plane and to recreate
that experience and open door simulator
Joe it's the accurate experience of
opening a door and they got that I got
that fine kill me I I had to stop
playing alien isolation every few hours
just to just to get a round of FTL n if
the Android okay if somebody says we're
the androids creepy at least the first
seven times you see one sure sure
there's throughout the whole game and
they look the same and they get old real
quick oh yeah
why did which why do you think I guess
you can answer this - he's stressing it
to me but why do you think most people
have given a good review and enjoyed it
such as myself while you hated it
what's the outlier I see that's that's
fascinating to me I have no idea cuz I
played that and I was just thinking to
myself the whole time there's no way
anybody could like this sure I have no
idea if it's just nostalgia I heard
somebody say that they thought it might
be because there was such hate for the
colonial Marines game that they needed
to feel like there was an alien game
they liked I don't I don't know
you know what I've also seen that and
yes I could I could definitely see like
as compared
the alien Space Marine game yes this is
a fine game yeah but it's like that's
not what it should be judged on it
should be judged on its own game
Darth mustard despite your name I'm
happy I was able to bring you the joy of
XCOM Richard is not like mustard no no I
have not completely a +2 Meat Boy I
don't know I mean obviously I'm gonna
try to do that for this first level
group but yeah I have never I've never
completely a +2 Meat Boy love me boy
you're much better at this game than I
am by the way it's it's actually been a
while since I've played it you've got
that muscle memory going on I really do
I feel I feel bad because I haven't
played this oh fuck I haven't played it
in so long and I just I follow
Tommy refine the programmer for Super
Meat Boy on Twitter and he just
mentioned that he just mentioned it he
said oh fuck he said oh fuck I know he
mentioned that tomorrow is the four-year
anniversary Tom oh fuck tomorrow is this
is the anniversary of his fucking I mean
it could be I'm sure I'm sure at some
point right tomorrow's a four-year
anniversary of Super Meat Boy being
released and it made me one pieces
it made me want to Jesus it made me want
to play the game you know I didn't know
what I was gonna play anyway so
obviously I'm dying a lot it's okay
this is my favorite part of super
meatboy is you get a replay of all of
your runs put together and so you get to
see all of your meets yeah yeah with me
it's usually quite a lot of them it is
yes yeah I don't I just but uh speaking
to like why people like the game I have
no idea I cannot I cannot comprehend how
anyone could enjoy the game but I am NOT
here to judge you I I'm here to judge
the game so if you like it that's that's
yours you know I'm okay with that
I'm not here to I'm not here to say
you're dumb for liking it I'm saying we
like different things and that's an okay
thing did you mind if I if I if I take a
break to give this guy some XCOM
tactical advice dart dart mustard he has
he has some tactical you know questions
about not XCOM he's having trouble at
the the Newfoundland mission okay um I
guess I'll try not to spoil it it's not
that a huge spoiler bread assaults are
your friend they they do well against
chrysalids also I don't know what your
guys level that but I've always found it
helps to bring a in the zone sniper on
that okay that's it that's it's one of
the power-ups the final level on your
sniper it's a double tap which means
you'd shoot twice in one turn or you can
take in the zone which means if
somebody's standing out in the open and
you kill them it's like a free shot so
you could you could technically kill as
many aliens in one term as you have
bullets in your gun and chrysalids are
never considered to be in cover so an in
the zone sniper
he's got a powerful enough sniper rifle
to kill one outright can wipe out every
crystal it on the screen
nice yeah no that's good to know
I think that's solid advice not knowing
whether that is all advice or not how
about them how about that what I'm
trying to think of what I would the
other like wonderful YouTube comments
are did you see the don't don't guy but
don't don't guy I'm gonna have to dig
through all of the fucking YouTube
comments to find this guy it's my
favorite it's my favorite comment we've
ever gotten on a video ever okay for all
of red letter media wow I'm gonna look
for it and you can play this super meat
boy okay good because I was planning on
doing that no matter what
let's scroll down I find it's gonna be
buried all the way at the bottom
I'm not a banjo geek says it's his first
time visiting the stream live and he
hopes it says kick-ass as it is on
YouTube prepare to be disappointed but
oh my god
it's good it's playing with something I
hear them in the kitchen
oh God still have not been to your house
since you've gotten that cat I know you
should come how many epi pens do you
have I don't have anybody you should
have some oh is this it is it is it
don't play the game uninstall it you
boring twats don't don't
yes about stuff you don't like no
lessons of life talk about stuff you
don't talk about stuff you do like twats
yes is my favourite colour
don't don't talk about stuff you don't
like do you know lessons of life do you
know lessons of life Jack I want that I
want that in graves I might my tombstone
okay
can you can you do that to me don't have
to right after I die
don't play games don't play the game
uninstall it you boring twats don't
don't about stuff you don't like do you
know lessons of life talk about stuff
you like twats
I don't know if that whole thing will
fit on a headstone but uh yeah well do
you know lessons of life that's the
question is do I never want to see that
game ever again yep
yeah that was that was a rough one that
was an absolute one and you know I've
talked to some people I've had some back
and forth so on Twitter and on Steam
chats and all that fun stuff and it's
just you know it was and you know like
another thing that people have mentioned
on the on the You Tube is like how we
exaggerated it getting good reviews and
so I looked it up and on Metacritic it
has like an 80 some percent yeah that's
good
those are good reviews except for
apparently IGN IGN who's my homie now
this isn't that strange
I mean IGN they're like the who's of the
the biased triple-a 99% review aren't
they I that's what I thought maybe and
maybe alien isolation didn't pay up I
don't know is that is that the Box quote
from IGN aliens I'll age isolation
didn't pay up
did he pay the tab they didn't pay the
tab I don't know I'd give it like a 25
oh wow
I hate that guy it's it's super bad all
the time
it's super bad all the time the thing
they don't even get immersion right
people keep saying you're immersed in
the world
you're constantly taken out of the
immersion by the the video game II door
shit yeah and it's hard to be immersion
I love the monitor to the next door oh
I'm really in that world aren't I well
that's that's the real thing is it's
hard to be immersed in a world when you
have a magic box that tells you exactly
where to go at all times where it's like
I'm not I'm not exploring I'm not
finding this world for myself I have a
magic box that tells me exactly where to
go and then a screen prompt comes up and
says press this button to do a thing
that's not immersion immersion would
mean I'm exploring for myself and there
wouldn't be a screen prompt I would just
know how the button to press to open the
door right it's the opposite of
immersion every single time a bit a
little screen pops up and said press the
B button that that reminds you that you
are playing a game and not invent
involved in a world yeah they do it
because they want you to feel more March
but like every time you start doing
something like you lose control of the
camera when she starts activating levers
and whatnot yep and that's supposed to
make you know like your head is moving
with her head and supposed to make you
more feel more immersed but it does the
opposite every time I lose control of
her I feel just disconnected for that
instant yeah you're reminded that it's a
video game absolutely
oh I'm not in control anymore oh and you
can't say I don't like immersive game
because true of my fucking favorite
games of all time the dark project and
middle-aged thief but it's all
atmosphere and immersion apparently I
something that is 100% my fault
I felt fief wrong yeah I really
apologize for that edit wise this was a
pretty quick turnaround for me so I
didn't have a bunch of a spellcheck time
I do apologize for that
but you know just curious but are you
too this upset about the game this much
because you were hyped for it
rich worried hyped for this game I was
curious about it I wouldn't say I was
height sure certainly wasn't height no
yeah not hype
I am a big fan of aliens if that means
anything like of the I'm a big fan of
the world film that's right this one I'm
a big fan of the world of aliens I
really to answer the question we just
answered in the chat we just we would
just think there's no alien isolation is
not a murder
it's a joke yeah yeah I wonder if
thought yeah yeah I'm my brain I'm so
worked up I didn't catch the sarcasm
okay
I'm sorry I've gotten worked up again
about this game that's so what did I
interrupt you saying does that mature I
don't know okay watch me now no do you
know lessons of life apparently I don't
by the way oh yeah no I know lessons of
life don't don't say anything if you're
not gonna say something nice right yes
and I completely ignore that yeah Dean
thinks because I want to know and then
you know the the people who there's also
you know people who say like oh they're
just being contrarian you know like they
see that the game has good reviews so
they want to give it bad reviews it's
like we
one that we didn't read any reviews
before I know I know - we don't give you
know the we we do not operate in a world
in which we will ever talk to or meet
other critics like we are we are our own
thing you know if other people say
something we don't care we want to give
our opinions on things oh well yeah yeah
it's it's okay it's okay it's okay
everything's gonna be fine
you say that I do say that everything is
gonna be fine rich stream is talking
about Dhoom 3 now you like I do like
it's part of the last it's probably that
and quake for the last first-person
shooters I've really enjoyed
I'd say vanquished but that's really a
third person I guess is a shooter but I
don't go for your fancy modern-day
regenerating health
quick quick dying regenerating health
stuff doom 3 was a fine game it's it's
it's different than you know the earlier
dooms it's trying to be a scary game and
it's actually I was talking with
somebody on Steam about this doom 3 is
much scarier than alien isolation yeah
have you have you played it
I'm not okay there's a feeling of dread
that runs that was very good
okay I was gonna say remember for a long
time I did not have a PC capable of
playing good games so I'm pretty behind
as far as the whole PC gaming thing is
concerned
go ahead it's just great it's got this
creepy vibe that just runs throughout
the whole game the whole station you're
on feels possessed even right it feels
very unsettling to play it I'm like
alien isolation when you're playing it's
like Oh a lien yes I like the alien huh
it's nothing scary about that I like
Xena my aliens was a great movie
I'm so not scared I'm oh I like aliens
that's the whole thing like do doom 3
was like oh my god what the fuck is in
the dark with me and I keep I keep
reading all these these stories that
people left behind the date of pads
about terrible things that have been
happening around the station that was to
me that was some of your most valid
criticism was talking about knowing the
world yeah you know and and just like we
know everything about the alien world we
can't there's no mystery and that's part
of where the fear comes from is the
mystery of like the unknown discovering
the world but we know everything about
that world so there's no mystery and of
course the game is targeted towards fans
of the world that they already know so
four hits perhaps the people who like
this game are not fans yeah if someone
was playing this game and had never seen
an alien movie perhaps they would be
more apt to get involved in the world
because they don't know it
I don't know rich sometimes sometimes
it's like sometimes I feel very out of
touch and today is one of those times
we're old men Jack it's that's very true
world men so yeah maybe that I don't
know where I'm going or what I'm doing
Richie we're old men but yeah yeah
rich speaking of good stealth gameplay
oh it's problem speaking of good stealth
gameplay like in thief what is your play
style rich I tried it ghost whenever
possible I I feel like I have failed the
stealth game if I get caught by an enemy
once so my my preferred method is just
never be seen if the guard even says
what I feel like that's a small failure
I'm gonna go ahead and agree with you
rich yeah yeah it's as far as the
stealth game like if you have to use
like your your knockout gas or whatever
stealth gaming tropes yeah then you fail
like mike mark of the ninja when one of
those guards goes in full alert oh you
know he's terms his gonna I'm sure
they'll even if you survived he feels
like I I fucked that up
absolutely
okay I see what I have to do now I see
what I have to do now it's all right
everybody everybody who's very concerned
I see I see what I have to do
market a ninja was Korea
we should do market a ninja for an
episode just to play a good game we
should stream it we should just remark
on an enjoy but I agree by the way let's
do that
don't do that on Wednesday well I wanted
you to play cuz I think you will like it
that 3d da hero's 3d dot hero I keep
telling you why don't you forget about
her every time with every single time
yeah every single time yeah I do you
know why I'm a very forgetful person
it's it's like a modern-day classic
Zelda game oh that's right that's right
I remember I remember you saying that no
I keep missing the jump button that's a
very important button in this game and
then you'll hate it and then we'll go on
to something that's that's most tried I
think it seems like something I think
you would like sure I like original
Zelda I'm really excited to play Zelda
too by the way
mhm I have not played I've not played
Zelda too since I was very very young
and well you know what I was describing
I was describing to to my wife who's not
a huge gamer like the whole like what's
the deal with Delta 2 and and I was at
first I called it the black sheep of the
Zelda franchise but then I was like no
that's the CDI games if you remember
those awful things
oh those barely count though exactly
that was that's why they're the black
sheep cuz they don't count like everyone
everyone not know that's it's like the
the stepchild of Zelda it's not those
were never really Zelda games sure the
CDI ones sure to was a full-fledged
Selda game and it's so weird for Zelda
game it is I'm wondering how how I will
feel about it as an adult because I'm
not sure well that's my comparison was
l22 was like zelda 2 is that weird uncle
who you remember being weird as a kid
but you're like maybe he's cool now
no that's why that's why I'm really
excited to play zelda 2 because i it's
been so long where it might be a great
game and removed from the removed from
the hype of the first zelda
maybe it's awesome you know uh-huh uncle
zelda paul exactly where you know maybe
it's cool so that's why like you know
with the sonic episode we started with a
hypothesis yeah you know is is it the
most overrated game however i believe
it's the most overrated game right yeah
and so with this one I want to start
with a question which isn't that bad
yeah you know isn't that bad and I worry
that the answer is gonna be yes and then
yeah oh we confirmed what everybody
already knew yeah that's the danger but
oh well shit happens exactly not
somebody's saying in the chat that we
complained about aliens difficulty and
played it uneasy no yeah we played our
normal the game just sucks also go fuck
yourself
yeah we played it on normal and if the
developers intended everyone to play it
on hard they should have made that the
normal
if if the correct experience in order to
fully understand the brilliance that is
alien isolation is hard then that should
have been the default play mode
you know I it might it here's that
here's what I will concede to you is it
might be better it might be better on
heart I just don't give a fuck I've
invested too much time into a the Alien
franchise sound reasoning right yeah I
think it is it that's that has been my
favorite stream of comments lately also
just speaking of YouTube comments I do
moderate our YouTube comments and
someone the other day on one of the live
streams accused me of removing a
comments that was unfavorable to us like
a criticism of us yeah and I have never
deleted a comment unless it was spam you
know check out my review of this of this
whatever right yeah or if it was
blatantly racist those are the only two
comments I've ever deleted yep
there are if you go to our YouTube
channel you will see tons of comments
telling us how awful we are
because I don't care it like that you
can have that especially you jack yeah
it's you get so much shit it's true so
much shit it's true but that's I'm fine
with it well I'm not fine with it I'm
going to put up with it because this is
my life
I have deleted I haven't deleted so many
racist comments actually I want I want
to take a moment and thank all of you
who do comment we don't get that many
racist comments but every once in a
while
enough of them yes we get enough of them
where I didn't feel like I have to
moderate as fast as possible
not taking my time hesitated rich you
know what happens when you hesitate you
lose
okay I was cheating the game cheated
games always cheat huh games always
cheat that's why we don't like them
that's true
I know what the problem is I'm just not
playing it right right hey suck it
whitey that's a racial slur - you get
many specious do we get many specious
comments I think I think that's a a Mass
Effect reference Jack no it's the
Theodore Rex oh it could be that - yeah
yeah that's funny you know that is
that's funny
uh yes I do look like an anorexic movie
thank you for noticing yes by the way
like you'll see all the Moby comments I
don't I leave it all leave it all
because that kind of stuff is fun you
know I think it's fine because did that
kind of stuff
will not affect my daily life but you
know have you grown fond of the Moby
comments oh god no no listen I get it
I'm a bald guy with glasses I have I
have a passing resemblance to the singer
known as Moby I'd get it up I got I got
used to fake Plinkett uh-huh some people
might not even realize me when that
started that was not that was not a
positive happy thing fake Plinkett they
hated fake Plinkett well you know what it
wasn't positive happy but like they it's
not like they were you know they weren't
making fun of you they were they were
upset I don't know yes no fake Plinkett
there's a lot of hate toward you
because you were not the Mr. Plinkett
yeah and so and that hate manifested
itself into like just hating on rich
Evans everyone loves you now thought for
a while there
when was the last time you hated a game
as much as alien isolation
that's a good question rich I I haven't
hated a game this much since Mass Effect
3 oh my god and for any was effect
Mass Effect 3 mostly just made me feel
sad I'm depressed
if Mass Effect 3 was like it's like
hearing your best friend died of cancer
that was that was best Effect 3 this was
aliens isolationist for just a pure form
of hatred that's listen for anyone who
knows you which is everyone here in this
dream
you've just you just signed alien
isolations death wish for in Jesus yeah
this is really I mean this was bad yes
avianna at least Mass Effect 3 was a
game we agree with that comment at least
it was a game
and man it was it was it was alien
isolation we we tried is what it was
I see how break him super meatboy
fantastic game four year anniversary
tomorrow everybody play Super Meat Boy
see me boys a game it's a little bit
frustrating I know you're not into it I
don't I don't hate it okay it is I mean
but it's it's you die a lot the game I
just want to save cuz I'm talking to
rich so first of all a keg are thank you
for subscribing we've really super
appreciate it but because I'm talking to
Richard via Skype that sounded very
similar to how he sounds in Skype is
what the fuck its and so it's like oh my
god rich what just happened you know
this game is frustrating but it's it's
the ruleset never changes you know and
so it just the levels get harder it's it
has a wicked difficulty curve but a fair
difficulty curve
fuck she's no for a no death run that's
what somebody in the chat I said
absolutely absolutely yes we will stream
until I die in Super Meat Boy the
shortest dream the dreams overhead
thanks for coming out everybody I really
appreciate it and I guess we'll see you
on Wednesday
oh I had a rich yep had it
yeah I don't think of where this Mike
I've heard this voice before and the
announcer voice for Super Meat Boy
sounds very familiar
I can't I can't quite place it
I can't I know it from somewhere does
someone in the chat know who this
announcer is what was that did you just
call up a hairball that's that's what
the voice sounds like like well never
mind
someone that someone will say it mm cut
someone home not paying attention Jack's
not paying attention
oh you know who it sounds like it sounds
like the guy who does um what's his name
nice Peter who does the epic Rap Battles
yeah sweating the Chad just said that
yeah yeah yeah there we go that's
exactly who it sounds like oh fuck is
that him
did they say it is him well I don't know
if I said that sim somebody just said
epic Rap Battles of History and I didn't
say it's him they just said epic Rap
Battles of History that's exactly what
it sounds like
do you have you ever seen any of the
epic Rap Battles of History yeah not
really
alright no that's fair fuck fuck I've
seen it I've seen a couple of them and I
get it
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm not saying
I I do you know what I I do not
subscribe to epic Rap Battles of History
Oh
for that exact reason cuz I get it yeah
and I don't want to see that on a weekly
basis but when when one comes across my
desk and it's two it's two people that I
enjoy you know if it's a something in
nerd culture it's like okay I know it's
gonna be quality it's gonna be a quality
wrap and have some jokes in it I like
that oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh ah so it
does it sounds a lot like nicepeter who
I believe that's his name so we're gonna
say it's him because because we have
that power oh fuck we have that power
just to say whatever the fuck we want
the birthday boy you guys ever
considered doing a best of the best of
the worst that is revisiting past
winners to evaluate them against each
other the problem with that is it would
just be a clip show
and with the internet clip shows are
completely pointless because you can
just click on old episodes whatever and
then we could really watch them again
but we've already seen them we could
talk about them again but pretty much
we've said what we want to say about it
in the original episode so there's not
much point in doing it that's the real
thing we have talked about it yeah but
that's that's the real thing what else
are we gonna say besides what we already
said and you can't get our reactions
again I even I even had a name for it
yeah I I wanted to do it like a like a
bracket style competition during March
put Pitt all the winners against each
other and it would be called March
badness nice it wouldn't work ultimately
yeah yeah it would be tough it would be
tough because we it wouldn't be fresh
and then the entire episode would just
be like saying like I said last time
this yeah yeah this one doesn't okay
that's a chainsaw
you know what I really love about the
chat is when someone tries to write in
emoticon and just writes the name
instead of actually like the emoticon
yeah I just saw like in the chat prereq
geez someone wanted to write cheese that
didn't oh we should have a fart bar may
be a fart bar Monica you do you guys
plan to have guests on prereq we do not
plan on it it happens it happens if
Casey Hudson wants to come on the show
I'll call him an asshole for 20 minutes
Casey that's a fact
it was either right it'll just be one
question what were you thinking baby
right math back there I know I know he
had a large hand in the ending yeah he
was like the big producer behind it what
what what were you thinking what did you
do
I wouldn't mind talking like like tim
schafer would be fun I imagine it would
have we'd have to ask the hard questions
- what's the hard question like
financially what the fuck are you doing
like we'll ask the hard questions like
you should get a business manager
like dear tim schafer you should hire
someone to tell you no I'd like to find
out if was a space-based DF 21 was a
scam I don't know that it was but some
mass that would be interesting see hear
what he has to say about it I'm sure you
know what I'm Shep salutely sure it's
not a scam it's it's another one of his
ideas that is see that might not even be
one of his ideas well somebody in his
team wasn't working it wasn't selling
enough and you know like that's that's
the whole point of early access though
so you're smaller companies don't go
under completely what a game fails you
know rather than rather than spending I
don't know how much fun money but like
all of your company's money-making one
game that's gonna fail you can kind of
get a sense if it's gonna fail
beforehand and then you're still in
business sure like you know if they had
early access 15 years ago Looking Glass
Studios might have made the next couple
thief games a second no you know what
the point I did it I did it I opposed it
there's one I didn't tell the one before
this I didn't A+ we gotta do that
yeah tim schafer would be tough just
because i don't know that guy that guy
don't give a fuck oh fuck he's making
games he's fine we I do well when when
episode two of the of the adventure game
comes out maybe we'll do it as an
episode I when it's done I would wait
till it's a is it gonna be two or three
episodes how many I thought they were
just might I don't know I don't know I
actually honored it's in my library but
I'm holding off I I don't want to say
the first half an adventure game would
be stuck with a two-year cliffhanger you
know you convinced me of that by the way
I am a backer of the adventure game yeah
because by the way the watching the
behind the scenes has been 100% worth
the Kickstarter like watching them make
the game has been so much fun has been
is probably going to be more fun than
the actual game but you convinced me to
wait until the whole thing is done and
play the whole thing and I really
appreciate that I'm looking forward to
it oh you're welcome
yeah it's just it's just sitting there
waiting for me yeah
I you know there there are games that I
really love and I would love to talk to
them like for example the people who
made super meatboy and binding of issac
yeah Edmund McMillen Tommy were famed
who did all the programming like I would
love to sit down and have a chat with
them just because I want the game so
much and so it's just like tell me tell
me your secrets how do you make things
awesome that's that's my only question
is how do you make things on awesome
you know I've listened to I see someone
in the chat saying our god Gabe Newell
and I've heard interviews with him and
you know I think he's kind of boring he
he is a fine god and a benevolent God
but you know he's not I don't think he
is interested in geeking out about the
things that we want him to geek out
about and I don't play dota 2 which is
the only thing he would geek out about
so somebody's saying Jake Solomon he's
the guy who did the new XCOM this is the
guy in charge kind of the head of the
lead project project lean all right yeah
yeah or really just anyone I would be I
would be interested in anyone who made a
game that I like just talking with them
about like how you make a game I I know
so little about the making of games you
know like especially things like
especially things like platformers where
I feel like the controls are super tight
or it's like how did you refine that you
know how how much did you have to play
to make sure that my play experience was
fantastic like I don't know if I'm
summing you know nothing about Jake
Solomon that's that's my assumption yeah
that is a good assumption and a cream uh
uh super he was a super huge fan of the
original XCOM and he actually quit
whatever his major was and got into game
development in college because he loved
the original XCOM and he just kind of
ended up getting his dream job which was
making a new XCOM there's a horribly
there's a horribly interesting article
out there I forget what website it's on
but the articles called the making of I
think it's called the making of Jake
Solomon and it he just talks about his
experiences with XCOM and he actually
tried to make this game like twice and
failed for perhaps really like this yeah
there's like a beta version of new XCOM
that's just supposedly terrible
at the buzzer
fuck did I just die me boy well CN like
having conversation verse a ssin with
him where it's just like talking I think
that would be super interesting just
talking about the failure of the beta
yeah yeah just like how were you able to
convince them to let you start over you
know huh how did you know it was a
failure what what made that not right
for you that would be super interesting
so yeah let's get him yeah we'll make it
happen
tim schafer jinx solomon
yep great yeah make it happen
absolutely it's totally gonna happens
it's totally gonna happen right away
because you know they're not busy
but fuck just die already just die hard
anyway
getting a little I might I might need a
doughnut
not a real thing did you bud
what did I hurt my butt I think anything
don't have to sit on don't it's me no I
mean it's fine it was fine
no no my eating schedule has been crazy
off today and so it's like I feel like
I'm feeling a little love like you kept
them low blood sugar
okay okay I'm like is this some kind of
super meatboy thing I don't know about
I'm like you get doughnuts in this game
I'll be great no I'm just feeling I'm
just feeling like my arms are feeling a
little weak we'll see Chet Chet wants to
know about a prereq set well you know
who you should ask about that is mr.
rich Evans rich has a prereq sex well
it's coming along fine when I don't have
to stop for best of the worst or space
cop or whatnot and or Street what was
the problem is I I pick something that
would take a long time to do in the
first place and then I things keep
coming up and I can't work on it so this
this stuff you saw in the background of
the the episode before that yeah that
would have been involved with with a
prereq set yes yes you figured it out
what the fuck do I have to oh I see now
okay I figured it out
yeah we're good we're working on it not
you know me I am ashamed it has not
happened yet I mean you should be yeah
except soda and a film in the bathroom
here's the real thing what are you doing
over there
Chad the rears the real thing you need
to know about this last episode we you
know we obviously just film wherever we
can in the studio because we are the
we're the redheaded stepchild the red
letter media fun we have the studio all
to ourselves
because Mike and J were out filming some
the best of the worst stuff the only
problem is the studio has a tin roof and
it was raining like a motherfucker so
even though we could have filmed in the
studio what Chad even though we could
have filmed in the studio area
it was raining so hard that it sounded
like a jet engine in there so we had to
film in the kitchen again and for anyone
who noticed s-- how my camera angle
starts to look a little funny because
the mic and jay had taken
Mike and J had taken all of the tripods
so my camera angle is my DSLR attached
to a monopod with tape with duct taped
to a hand truck DSLR on a monopod duct
taped to a hand truck because that's all
we have so that's why it looks a little
funny that's why you can see the tripod
in Jack shot yes at times because the
duct tape like slower slower than we
noticed was giving way and the camera
was actually slowly panning so that you
know jack actually framed that shot
right yes at first and a really fun game
is you can you can go back and see where
I edited you like where like where parts
of the conversation where earlier is
where it's framed correctly in parts of
the conversation that we're later have
more tripod like in them so if you want
to have an insight into where we
actually talked about stuff in our
conversation you can look at that edit
but I mean it was a good improvisation
we just didn't have another tripod you
know because Mike indeed took all the
greedy bastards they took all of their
tripods how dare they those horrible
assholes
rich any thoughts on superior spider-man
I have not been in a comic book store in
five years I only know the premise what
superior man Doc Ock successfully took
over Peter Parker's body and then
Spiderman was Peter Parker was like dead
for a short time and I think they've
undone by now but basically for like I
want to see a year or more spider-man
was Doc Ock in spider-man's body that's
all I know it sounds cool sounds cool I
guess rich you're gonna play the Gabriel
Knight remake or the upcoming Grim
Fandango remake I can't speak much in
Gabriel Knight but I heard something a
little some people probably won't mind
but the Grim Fandango remake is not a
remake it's a remastering so it's like
there's I'm not as excited about it
because I can already get the original
to run on my computer so you know I'm
not I'm not as geeked out as I was when
I first heard about the remake because
it's not a remake it's just the exact
same thing I already own but better
there are third-party programs that I'll
get it to run I imagine they might dick
around with the controls or something
better look I don't know I don't know
let's say we'll say oh my god
it was we had a funny mic thing when you
said we'll see alright hold on I'm gonna
pause the game I'm gonna run a
commercial and I'm gonna get a donut
very important thing these are some very
important things that are about to
happen so rich if I can keep your mic on
and you can just talk to everybody
meet me - I might take a bathroom break
or something okay
well then we are going to take here I
like that we're gonna take a break and
we'll be back in a little bit
