Rich is Good at XCOM Part 1
August 27, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEYzUulfn38

the background yeah hold on waiting for
you to my video oh no I'm not getting
again no there's a background just the
screen covers yeah that's weird
everything and then weird
life is weird life you know what life is
weird I'll go back to options and go to
video and go to fullscreen okay order
let's do I know that could be nice go to
full screen and go to resolution and see
what happens if you just choose what's
the next one I don't know what the wrath
is on that that's right just cool yeah
try that one are you streaming right now
yes we're talking to people right now
okay now everybody hold your horses here
we go we're doing it we're doing it live
it's working I don't know we don't know
that dance you don't know that shit I'm
being optimistic fuck you ain't a boy to
be optimistic your boo you but at least
you sing a nice Jake Lloyd was
optimistic but look of a Phantom Menace
turned out that wasn't his that really
wasn't his father's parsley that's all
he's a little kid he doesn't know any
better
yeah I don't know if you can blame a
little kid for being a bad actor you can
only blame the people that allowed him
to be cast yeah he's just a little kid
yeah I know you're just a kid he was he
was cocky until he went to school the
day after it came out they probably beat
him up because he was the kid in Star
Wars
it's him kids his age probably liked the
movie lots of kids like that movie I'm
gonna Majan you took some shit I'm sure
I'm sure he took some shit but it's like
I remember coming out of the Phantom
Menace and being like wow that was that
was kind of bad but maybe well you know
we were we went to the midnight release
we dressed up we saw and you know it
ends on the big foot lightsaber battle
it's like okay well that's just the
first one they had so much exposition
there's no fix computer oh sorry God God
Jack I was too busy telling us to I
don't want to hear about the Phantom
Menace that's not why they come to red
letter media okay
uh yeah I guess got a window down all
right we're gonna have to get hey hey
here we go I'm late all right
yeah people are saying them they were
Jake Lloyd zentrum they saw it and they
loved it nothing's like that movie yeah
that's not what all this the wrong
resolution 800 14 by 900 should be that
that's weird what the fuck I don't know
go to the top resolution maybe I don't
know go to over or you have full screen
now keep Settings sure try this yeah I
wanna you know what why not okay
yes this is the interesting part of the
stream you know what I'm gonna do after
we get this mixed get a beer yeah so
it's really important to me that we fix
it okay okay hold on load not support it
resolution that's all I hang word help
oh wait guys I think it's gonna Oh oh
wow jesus fucking christ did it happen
Save Changes okay here we go
XCOM let's make sure we can hear it now
that's gonna be an important part is
there anything is there any noise
happening during this part hold on a
second okay classic second wave I'm not
that everyone likes not created equally
Lane's manner I mean I think we're
supposed to be hearing bleeps and bloops
so tell us if you hear bleeps and bloops
I miss the BlackBerry no that's probably
me here
I got a croissant oh that's right you
turn your sound way down cuz I cuz I've
listened to other things while I game
I'll turn it up dog yeah yeah there you
go
better I don't know I'm not a million
there anybody gonna some no beeps no
bleeps that's all behind yeah so yeah
let this pitch up where is it Spaceballs
bleeps the bleeps the sweeps and the
creeps remember when that guy was a
thing he was for so long
let's put him because of police academy
yes all the sequels
it wasn't for those it was just the
first movie right and maybe Spaceballs
then he'd be forgotten they're saying
still no son I'm also not hearing any
sound we start just a fly um yes all
right hold on okay good eggs into
desktop okay
whoa that was weird yeah cuz it I don't
know why it does that
wait to see what that says oh it's just
saying oh yeah okay
trying again and watching pause for
trying again and watching again and
Michael Winslow yes that's a big and and
and and bicolor parse weird I never get
that nothing no wait
anything not the lightest out should be
coming for the TV right yeah that's
weird
new and interesting ways to fail that's
Oh No
ah you know what this is my fault this
is my fault entirely turn the volume
down I know exactly what's wrong guys
oh no ruin everything no I know I just
noticed too late I know it's too late I
ruin everything
grab a beer Jack yes I will in one
moment are you ready for me to fix it
what how could I am how could you
that's that's the important question
okay now try something yeah here we go
Oh guys I'm the greatest at fixing
things that I broke already I needs
matter creatively okay what mode are you
playing people are people are Wow don't
like it be playing classic classic great
great
yeah thank you as moon front is asking
if hotline Miami has a multiplayer mode
one does not - is suppose to have a
multiplayer mode and I'm really looking
forward to it
Halloween Miami - I really enjoyed
hotline Miami Classic here we go
starting game y'all yeah some of the
thing Elvis - Elvis says just play
dragon sound the whole stream yeah on it
dragon son I'm a music video which was
Dragon song from from Miami connection
Oh stick together through thick and thin
this video is flag now diminutive today
they did by the way they flagged them
gonna mute your audio dudududu they
flagged actually they playing our first
X count one really for the you are the
only one they forget ants for that skip
this yeah skip this okay they flagged it
I have never saw it dumb
yeah they didn't by the way they didn't
fly out of the entire seven-hour stream
they only flag that one little bit
alright
for some reason we're gonna start an
Asian because I like that bonus okay
this is a early-modern mostly cosmetic
things you have one mod that fixes the
the death animation delay when you shoot
an alien tweak the nationality
probabilities a little bit because you
know so many guys from uruguay it's just
weird okay sure sure
i believe it alright which you talk for
a little bit I'm gonna go get a beer
yes you say it's up to you really
I can't do that I can talk and tell
everybody something that's gonna drive
everybody out of the stream I don't know
which is in the process right now I'm
updating the website with a new video
okay in five seconds I might know it
already is if you go to the website it's
up Oh J what's up buddy see y'all later
you've killed our strength I'm actually
I'm horribly angry anyway it had to be
done Reggie okay and I'm done not
killing the stream but updating the
website but you could have told them
about it later that's a shame if Jan
here's the thing if Jack in the western
room I wouldn't have had to kill Phil
time
when you think about it
ha what are we drop by can you see the
number sir I'm not looking at the other
shirts hey guys what are you talking
about everybody's gone Henry's gone Oh
No why didn't you cuz I just said that I
have to add the website oh you have new
best of the worst up hey you can you
know what you can watch that video later
or you can watch this video later yeah
do do whatever you want Peter this is
our guy
this is archived the only thing I'll say
is if you stay here you can you know
actually talk with us right now and ask
us questions of course without watching
the best works you won't have the most
relevant questions so you should
probably watch that in the background
while watching this who is someone asks
a very important question of what beer I
got I'm really excited actually yeah
there's another one please
ok ok so here's what you do go out to
your local liquor store and get yourself
some steagle rah blur it is great fruit
juice beer it's beer infused with
grapefruit soda have it over ice with a
shot of gin it sounds ridiculous it
sounds weird who told you about the shot
of gin this I went to a restaurant
there's a there's a restaurant right by
my house and I went there and I saw this
can and the can is gorgeous I've tweeted
it before it's just you know I saw this
cam and I said I must have this and
that's how they served it to me with a
shot of gin and the the reason they do
that is the beer is only something dumb
like 3% alcohol because it's half soda
yeah
and so the shadow did do some the
alcohol content but it is the best beer
in the world over ice with a shot of gin
I don't know if I believe it but we'll
see
they're not the best it's the most
refreshing beer in the world game audio
is quiet and echoey that's weird someone
is saying can anyone confirm quiet
echoey game audio not caused any echo II
my dad can be a real thing you never
know yeah you do never know that's right
in Devon though you never know never
ever know someone is asking if they can
send us beer from Luxembourg absolutely
send us all the beer if you guys have is
every beer in Luxembourg here's okay
here's old ooh-wee we had a slight
success with the resumes send us your
favorite local beer and we'll drink it
and talk about it on the screen the game
audio is very quiet okay well then let
me uh let me try to fix that right
quickly give me a moment where's my
little oh it's right over here
okay let's see if this helps
or if this helps okay this might fix the
game audio thing jack is too loud yeah
get used to it
that's my favorite that's my favorite J
reaction my acknowledgment of something
funny but not finding it funny yes you
just told the joke I'm not going to
laugh at it man Oh
yeah octo day you take care of it
whatever is happening I don't know I'm
just reading a little bit but yeah
welcome I don't even know we're talking
about this yeah
send beer to the peel box he'll be fine
packaging very very lot lots of bubble
wrap
wow it's a bubble wrap
I can hear the game audio a bit great I
can turn it up more Oh someone's
mentioning horse Obama does that start
my youtube channel
I think somebody flagged that actually
know what's horse vomit it was a short I
made where was a guy in a mask next to a
horse and he's trying to get the horse
to vomit and that's it but yeah let me
see if it's so on there I think it got
flagged in a poll like this someone
thought it was somebody thought that was
obscene that they thought it was like
cruelty to animals or something weird
cruelty animals that's very rich can you
go into the audio a little bit on your
end
yeah okay it's up on my end but I'm
sorry that you can't see horses on that
maybe I'll reload it something you
should definitely read uploaded yeah
it's like a guy with a German accent
with a sack over his head
stay next to a person what did he uh
he's like I said the horse nothing but
you're finding that this should be good
something epic act like a cat epic a
Kirkland I don't remember it's really
funny I don't remember but it was called
first moment alright
hold it yeah tell us if this is too loud
now are your eardrums dead
yes it was very dark that was my
experimental stage to exercise restraint
will there be something effective at
killing aliens they also destroy
artifacts we're hoping to recover French
abilities something to consider
a bit too loud okay I'll fix em eye on
where are they okay
now the audio
should be manageable huh it never will
be
it never will be too loud yeah man we're
get we're getting there we know what
we're fine tuning it's it's actually
really tough when you can't hear what I
give a mix it's hard for us to hear the
mix and it down I turned it down oh my
god you guys wait there's a linked up
worst vomit I'm not gonna click on that
no don't click on that unless somebody
re-uploaded it it's too long now shut
the fuck up you're gonna fucking ready
now now you're just fuckin with that you
know what now I have to go listen to it
hold on listening to the mix is as
people are destroying the stream is a
shockingly complicated effort I keep
sneezing it was terrible
oh my god my god what is that you're
weird or is that better to shake
Audio is just about right there saying
okay yeah anyone who said that I haven't
touched it no fucking no death run high
cover lucky shot fuck man
apparently I drove away 200 people from
the steering yeah I'm so sorry sorry but
I'm not that sorry you know what those
people are not missing out on what's
going on in here so I can't say they
made the wrong choice sneezing audio
issue neo issues how about that James
Franco I don't want our James Franco
anymore at this point oh you know what
you have to do go back into the menu yep
you know what the problem it's it's just
the sound effects it's like the bullet
shots are really loud so go to go to
yeah and go to sound effects volume and
turn that down there you go
yeah oh yeah the gunshots are crazy loud
okay okay that's the problem
you know what we'll put the chat in
submode in a little bit like you know we
don't want to we don't want to do that
too much we can still see what you guys
are saying sup boat means slow low sub
mode is that one assumes down there's a
there's a mode where we can only see
subscribers okay but Wiggins we're
reading or reading you guys just you
know hang out I'm not happy with this
ah now everything is sounding good I can
hear everything fine you can hear rich
say fuck what what else doesn't matter
oh oh this is the best beer I like beer
double fuck and B here likes me and rich
says double fuck what happened - what's
going on ever everything's going wrong
yeah absolutely everything they're gonna
start over No
doing worse than you did in your first
wish oh shut up I feel great you did buy
it your first wish I'm just doing I'm
tanker I'm doing worse oh okay I guess
statement I did I'm gonna lose somebody
else now I want to give up this awful
that's so awful that's just in the kid
from playing dangerous now works for
Google oh yeah yeah oh good here he is
oh yeah we can get them thanks for
finding him thanks for fighting you know
your scrolled past now you don't know
where you're at
I can't new hacks thank you for finding
the kid from playing dangerous even
we'll do something this information
who octal gays right I think the problem
is you're not hunkering down enough yeah
oh by the way have you um have you
thought about getting up on a roof maybe
four hey citizen graves just subscribed
thank you for subscribing we appreciate
that just everybody died oh and Vanessa
Vanessa gave Vanessa navigator that's a
great name
with Vanessa navigator just subscribe
thank you I really like that name
flight of the Vanessa navigator checkers
I was all pumped about having a no death
run I was gonna try it I was guys
getting that thing did someone die two
people two people died to people's eyes
not have we got the department we can
name them yet we can't though
okay we're gonna star named it two
people died fuck Oh God XCOM HQ
commander I've seen this question a lot
of times someone is asking us how we
feel about Doug Walker who is that there
you go blossom Sherman
yeah we work in a bubble when it comes
to other it's not like we were inspired
by this no I mean I didn't even know
other people did this stuff and the
first ones into a fight I've seen a
couple episodes of the angers video game
nerd and I felt okay about it
or it's the other guy weird out the
nostalgic oh yeah I never seen anything
yeah I don't want any of your stuff
either yeah I don't blame you that's not
your IQ
you know watching I usually watch it
while it's happening sometimes I will
watch it because it saves me the pain of
actually having a conversation with you
oh wait that was that letting that joke
sink in the next town
oh I'm a depressed first name I see is
spiffy buff spiffy underscore buff
that's the first name I see 2x in the
buff yes all right
spiffy buff you're not a German guy
Holly Jones uh that should probably be
octo J sure I J our brand-new moderator
deserves a place on the team and I can
always smell yeah I like I like I'd
expect yeah
I'm space or no space no space
capitalize the J and Jane huh
yeah I like that I like the way that
looks okay I throw Dave's got to be on a
team how I got dough Jay
okay who else is in there oh man be ei
what's your name cos dude b EI u zo o ka
b EI u zi o okay
bazooka gazook there's no bazooka la ya
bazooka there's a name there's a name
okay confirm caleb bazooka how many more
we got couple more oh my god you guys
you could go too fast yeah are you going
too hard good too fast too hard last
name alright I see I see
xeno trip Xen Oh excellent
sorry X en otro yeah you go the end yeah
sure sure I don't know the name goes by
I forgot I don't see it alright oh yes
at the end okay okay for anyone who's
curious we rename people after people
who subscribe to us just not really you
don't have you know maybe and this is a
you know I know you didn't mean in this
context but you just said just sane and
that reminded me of it when people me
but leave a snarky comment
mmm-hmm I'm like a comments section and
then it says just saying I've never seen
that I have seen that people do that all
the time like I want to point out
something wrong just saying uh how about
is Mario Mario been on it and they were
a team before there's a Mario Mario oh
that's great that's right sorry we have
a Luigi Mario by the way I agree with
you game yeah I hate that it's like
condescending is not gonna end is it I
twisted the knife at the end and they're
just saying just say it what comes off
so I guess it's
that's because most negative internet
comments are some form of condescending
snack so but that one in particular bugs
me and it's it's also like it's a
half-assed backpedal yeah where they
were they were they just like am i right
yeah all right yeah one more oh yeah we
need work I saw I saw one more ready to
serve geeks only gigs only as is given
us oh it didn't I didn't geeks only make
the the supercut I want to say oh yes I
think Peaks only made the amount or the
awkward superfish there's now two
episodes with more awkward Xin it's so
you got to update your super good all
right they're just gonna keep coming we
say awkward all the time it's a it's a
app descriptive word yes yes
it's what I look for in bad movies we
have best qualities they could have I
agree it's being awkward such nips I
agree oh because we didn't choose a riot
crew he's watching best of the worst
we'll name more people don't worry rich
is gonna kill up and that's gonna be
Ryan curve base just some news base
Oh someone says prereq is great just
saying yeah yeah you guys pet peeve run
I can't let myself to get to cutscenes
or nah I sit through every time yep I'm
on the anti Jack I can you know we
picked up my keys for assistance
abduction that's not really you know
there were some cuts there are some cut
scenes that are important but it's like
they're not in a perfect world cut
scenes would never happen maybe like a
small thing at the beginning like a like
an establishing shot that's all I kept
seeing should be yeah there's an
establishing shot and get into the
fucking game it's a game grande
cutscenes no more no more heroes alone
refutes your entire argument Francis no
more heroes yes I haven't played it
alien activity continues to surge with
in several major yeah-ho assho cutscenes
are meant to be amazing this is
oh-hoh asshole one of my favorite moves
oh and by the way I don't I mentioned
this on my solo stream on Sunday but
everyone in the chat I want to let you
know you can cuss now how could you not
before I realized that I had it like you
can opt into globally banned words
things like fucking shit you couldn't
type that but now you can you can say
fucking shit
yeah I'm just saying you can type in
fucking shit it is exciting
yep all sorts of fun stuff so rich sucks
balls before yeah
that's all you got rich for obscenities
no and I think I actually read that
oh no you're just giving it slightly an
example of things you could now say no
oh my god that made the chat go a little
nutty good job everybody
pent up customer yes I thought I saw
someone before the chat went apeshit I
saw someone in the chat asked for a red
letter media ice bucket challenge and
it's just probably not gonna happen no
you should donate ALS or whatever you
want to donate to yeah or don't donate
to anything I would recommend watching
david lynch's ASL challenge orders but I
think went up today yeah he plays
somewhere over the rainbow VII on the
trombone but a bucket of ice with a shot
of espresso gets poured on the second
ice night it's funny some of them are
very Patrick Stewart yeah I have a Dave
Grohl one ready didn't you know oh he
did carry oh really
and the shot at all like was wearing an
outfit like edited shot edit alone
that's called a brilliant amazing one of
my personal favorites there's a guy in
Milwaukee his name is dick Chuck no and
oh yeah he's the guy that started comedy
sports which is local Improv Theater for
anyone who's not from Milwaukee and he
did his ice bucket challenge and what he
did was stuck his head into the thing
that dispenses ice from your
refrigerator and just ice was talking
tough it's it was one of the funniest
things that's it
okay next guy ritchie's ex-con overwatch
win did you Oh congratulations detective
you took the shot at 50% yeah well she's
undercover okay I like I like how you
said yeah she's under high cover as if
like as if I knew what you were talking
about that shot at 40% damn done he's 40
percent it's not I you know I
regrettably I have not played since our
stream yeah I just want to let you know
that well you started better than I did
but I hope to finish better than you
like Rihanna I was I I died a lot
someone said that sex come baby just
saying just saying just saying just say
you got I hate that you should you
should
unlike and like you think it's
specifically at the end of a super smart
snarky comment as if just sang justifies
the comments yeah I've seen some where
the comment itself isn't necessarily
snarky no it's just someone trying to
correct you on something or just
something like I know something that you
were apparently wrong about Oh
just say the same people
one of those things I just don't like
I'm right there
a question about my age oh my god then
why did you bring it up just sit over
watch here oh yeah yeah that's great
Crispin Glover is music video clowny
clown clown yes I have I've also seen
Crispin Glover spins the only you can't
see them on video in any format he only
screens them in theatres and they are
really yeah they are experimental they
are what they are I enjoy hearing and
talk about them in the Q&A; is after more
than I enjoyed the films but they're you
know now I can say I've seen those sure
now I've seen a man with cerebral palsy
you know scan I can't think of words
right now this movie has made me lose
words what does he do in the second
movie he kills women with his wheelchair
what I knew he was written by the guy
with cerebral palsy oh my god yeah yeah
those are Crispin Glover movies
buddy
back online
oh I saw them right here in Milwaukee I
think the first one was at the times the
second was at the Oriental the second
one I liked more how it was the name of
it it is fine everything is fine because
that one actually had some visual flair
to it the first movie was so ugly
I do that
what that error oh sorry no I'm sorry
everyone I had some business I have an
email and even if you get back to that
oh you know what was weird is all you're
doing that I was looking at the stream
but not reading anything just like
sharing I was only now thinking about
Crispin Glover sweet-ass movies there's
naked women in gorilla masks mm-hmm
that's working yeah
that's what you get
bring back the joke book oh god oh god
we have multiple new joke books finally
we'll get around to it nor do you mean
in the streams there was that one stream
where I was reading all the hamburger
jokes huh
someone that someone mentioning sam
raimi in the third spider-man movie
here's I have something to discuss about
the third it's the worst thing ever get
that the third spider-man spider-man 3
is better than amazing spider-man yes
why is that like you brought that up
like it was shocking no well everybody
hates spider-man 3 from these
experiments terrible yeah nobody's
complaining right it's a terrible it's
spider-man 3 has some personality at
least even if you don't like it it
there's some moments in it that I like
as Sam Raimi moments they probably don't
work in a spider-man movie but I don't
care about that so I enjoy them on their
own no and you know it spider-man 3 is
is overpacked
and it's a little cheesy but as a lot
cheese it makes sense everything in
spider-man 3 makes sense
I haven't seen in a while I don't
remember it's just remember there's
something oh there's a scene that it's
like the duct tape of scenes in a movie
where they have to have insanity mob
listening that looks like a
post-production scene where you just see
their silhouettes in an alleyway and
they just happen to meet in the alley
for no reason they run into each other
well and they're like hey you want to
team up okay no as I see venom was
looking for Sandman cuz he saw the
Sandman and spider-man fighter of it
okay olden Sandman is just walking down
an alley for no reason and venom knows
he's there for no reason then he says
hey let's do luck it's like a 10-second
seat I'm not saying sing good you know
no I agree with you that that's better
than the new spider-man yes yeah and
it's like everyone gives shit on the the
emo Peter Parker I though that was funny
it was hilarious me and if you treat
your partner's idea of cool it's not
that he's actually supposed to be cool
have you seen people walking by I'm like
what the hell exactly yeah it's what a
nerd would think is cool and so it makes
sense but let me ask you I thought that
was funny is like a Sam Raimi goofy
dorky moment rich as a spider-man fan
what do you think of
he was emo spider-man and dancin down
the street I thought that Hope subplot
was stupid not so fair enough
oh listen it was stupid but in the movie
it made sense yeah yeah the scene itself
in the context the movie didn't it is
pretty shoehorn in that just this black
goo falls from space and just happens to
meet up with spider-man it's very well
being young let's it's not a good movie
you know I better than the amazing spy
sake I don't want to interrupt your guys
talking I feel mood you can play in
playing game are you yeah you know I
just we it's pretty simple we we just
wrapped up our spider-man boos you say
whatever you want you interrupt whatever
you are you're the one playing the game
I got engineers for my abduction mission
my engineers make building things a
little bit cheaper uh-huh so I actually
canceled building the satellite I was
building I got like a discount right so
I started building satellite again after
getting more engineers so okay started
filling it cost me 100 deleted that that
build then after I got the engineers all
the cost 477 nice little cost-saving
that I did little miter
XCOM thing I just wanna bring up that's
good I think you should bring that up
and I think you waited at the perfect
time
like I said we were just wrapping up our
thing and that's great
you should click on the bill you can
actually build the thing that you said
you were gonna build
we talked about the James Franco I don't
get him as an actor tell me why Sandman
tommy weiss and me made more sense if he
were The Sandman and not the yeah Green
Goblin but I tried to oh that's right he
I feel what I completely forgot that he
was in the spider-man movies who was oh
oh I'm just say it Tommy was so it's
like what the fuck are you talking about
yeah I can't I get the Kinect yeah
that's that's his caliber of an actor is
I know law I don't even put him in the
same world as the spider-man movies that
he was in he's weird knows - he has
weird little moments in those I've
earned this one part I don't even know
which movie it was in he like takes a
bite of a piece of pie he's like it's
good and just like the wheat says it's
really bizarre
I am which one that is the third one
maybe maybe as bad well the second one
he's he he's going after spider-man
because spider-man kills his dad in the
first one yes so the second one he hires
dogs to go after is my bathroom
yeah so it could be in a second
the third ones the one where he
conveniently has amnesia so he forgets
that he's supposed to hate spider-man
for most of the movie so they can push
that to the side for most of the running
time no he's the a fight at the
beginning he falls off of his old
lighter thing now and then he's in a
hospital with amnesia for most of the
movie yeah because you know I think the
big twist not twist but the big thing at
the end of the second way whatever Peter
Parker of course where is this gonna go
and then into the next movie they have a
quick bad fight at the beginning and
then he just says I media for the rest
of the movie yeah well and there's
there's some backstory with the third
spider-man movie as far as like the
studios oh yeah mornin van oh no and
it's like venom is the most unnecessary
Villa in that way leaves a more recent
villain as far as spider Angus
characters go right yeah Sam Raimi
wasn't interested in them it was the
older spider-man stuff yeah he's a
visual but he's not a movie he's not
terribly deep he's he's he's you you
kind of got me fired when I was a
reporter but not really listen thank you
you know Venom's backstory is probably
one of the weakest in comic book
villains yes absolutely
the venom as a villain though is great
he's the anti Spider Man he's big and
dumb and strong he nullifies
spider-man's spider-sense and a venom
technically speaking in the early comic
books wanted to be a hero
but he hates spider-man and so all he
wants to do is kill spider-man so he can
be the hero that gets all the glory
that's that's fun
venom is fun his backstory is weakest
shit
what commenter has a very good point oh
yeah Bruce Campbell is in the spider-man
movies and that means they were good
done
I kind of agree yeah done it at least
makes them better than they would be
without Bruce Campbell in them yes well
I got to support with me MMS sucks okay
Jack who would win in a fist fight
Sandra Bullock with rich Evans power
ring James Franco like Jay powerlinx or
Sam Raimi with a mic power ring I assume
enough of any of those bands the power
ring gives the wearer the power of the
ring name you need to explain the ring
power a little bit more if you're asking
me who would win in a fist fight Sam
Raimi James Franco or Sandra Bullock the
answer is clearly Sandra Bullock agree
no offense to mr. Raimey or mr. Franco
but they don't look like fighters and
Sandra Bullock and fuck shit so that's
the appropriate she survives be tuned
I don't I don't understand what the ring
what the power rings do this is my
problem with the with the question I
don't know something something power of
something something power if you have
the power of rich Evans you know what is
the power what is the power of rich
Evans you know you can make somebody
laugh to death
you can laugh really loud if you have
allergies I don't know like you get like
banshee like powers right where your
scream can shatter glass but you can't
get anywhere near cat around that's your
weakness yeah
we can stream spider-man games I'd love
to play you know I really enjoyed the
the original spider made like the ps2
spider-man movie game yeah there was
some good moments yeah and spider-man 2
game we had really great web swinging
that's all I remember from swagman - the
best one most underrated one - house
MOBA shadows this is a venom one all
right I just I know I just said venom
sucks worse spider-man villain ever yeah
yeah a buddy Oh game character though
I'm sure he's fine that makes sense
okay actually who would win in a
free-for-all fight out of errm cream
obviously Jessie last room I don't know
you know you know who would win Nicky
Nicky I knew he would win all the newbie
tapes would just land on us just saying
I get it oh hey everyone who's
mentioning the flak cannon love thanks
for coming out to my solo straight out
of FTL and I had a flak cannon one and a
flak cannon too and everyone was telling
me not to do it and I fuck some shit up
no double flak cannons yells I see what
flak cannons went wrong the last time
but two of them I can see two of them
know if you remember the last dream we
got rid of the flak cannons for laser
cannon anytime oh that's right that's
right you like the the chain I like I so
I got rid of we had two flak cannons but
I got rid of one for a chain laser and
that was our problem this is a better
question who would win in our own fight
is what we call as an r1 free-for-all
ooh
the answer to who would win and what
would cause is the same nuki oh yeah
okay that makes sense to and I I'm
rarely out of the worst episodes but
whenever the new key episode happens I
think that's gonna be the one that I sit
out on really seen it I've seen it no
you can't do that we gotta do new key we
need more nuke yeah I want to rub new
key all over my face and then you're
gonna fucking follow this when the time
comes
terrible terrible dark time comes you
know what he doesn't need to be in the
discussion but he needs to be in the
room when we watch him maybe I could be
in the room with like a like observing
my god like this is some sort of science
experiment that I'm in charge of oh shit
someone's asking help any sort of if
someone is asking if there's any sort of
schedule for game streaming trying new
ones this yes it doesn't always work but
we try to do what we're trying to do
Wednesday's for group streams and I Jack
have a solo stream Sunday nights usually
sometimes we don't do it I follow us on
Twitter if you follow previously
recorded on Twitter at previously rec
whoa I'll call you when we're streaming
but uh we're talking about new Pete I
really want to do my new BA
what was your new key idea oh I guess I
shouldn't say oh yeah no no
shinza okay okay back to both legs who's
getting a Bowflex I come back to the
chat for two seconds and you guys are
talking about Bowflex
