Rich is Good at XCOM Part 2
August 27, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzdCwF0TtUE

fucking fucking domino well I don't do
the Nokia cloud you know I'm gonna be a
part of it he I mean he's right worried
maybe you shouldn't be in the discussion
because he's seen him he's only my thigh
thank you stupid are you gonna I thought
I'd be able to reach him with a rocket
are you gonna get you over that way ah
you're gonna kill a subscriber not
deliberately live on camera oh shit I'm
sorry
let's waste got me this is where's Gabi
oh that's I can't do it
oh well then sorry geeks only you're
gonna die
confirm for Nikki confirmed her new game
well these comments about Bowflex
I don't know where it came from like I'm
saying oh look look look
tremendous amazing fantastic what is he
gonna win oh you're not gonna die um did
you hunker down
hiiii - slow down what I didn't think
that would trim but I did listen Rory
stayed I might have killed many
subscribers but it was ignorant killing
of subscribers rich is good at this game
he has no excuse
yeah I'll come to them you mean it
should make it me oh it's another one
we'll get to eventually oh I think so
that's what someone someone recently was
asking me about like when we're gonna do
this genre of movies and what we're
gonna do that in general if he's not
that's the worst and it's like we have
so many sets ready to go and that's one
of the hardest things just like figuring
out what we want to watch yeah and then
like we get new movies if we get excited
about new movie yeah yeah we get a fair
amount of stuff so there's it we have a
ton ready to go but sometimes we just
don't feel like watching
ninja movies yeah or the like yeah
there's also the problem when you have a
specific type of movie where the movies
tend to blend together like those like
ninja movies especially something like
that that was wrong which is why we did
too bad all the genres last that last
one it's like let's go three movies that
are completely different from each other
for a change
I wish I would have been around for the
discussion to lure a microwave from his
winning criteria I called yeah I don't
even remember what happened if you're
the best of the genre was which
represented the John were the best which
led to us picking a relatively lame
movie as the cold winner oh yeah because
high voltage was the best of the genre
it was the thing the winner doesn't
matter well it really does Oh who's that
I know that Ivan he's come and said then
who complained about stuff like that
this is the one word I know I said we
can't kill killing American style
because it's a mere share van movie you
people are like that bullshit it's like
who cares I know it's the voting of the
wedding it really doesn't matter I know
but it's I for some reason it upset me
it upset me that death spot didn't win
but I mean you said best of the worst
best genre please still like I would see
my rose to bury it up the best of the
genre is different the best of the worst
oh that's why Oh No so alright hey
you're trying different things what's
not reaching out in a new strange
teratoma yeah you're gonna injured but
not dead
I'll take that okay
I don't know if we could do that
someone's suggesting like taking all the
winners of past best of the worst and
doing like a bracket like a best of the
best of lovers you can't don't episode
about them again I thought about - yo
don't you know you know what I'm gonna
call it what March badness just
brilliant good that's great I mean yeah
I guess it would be like a clip show
like a highlight episode it's possible
yeah but no like it's not like we could
have spontaneous reactions or converse
yeah exactly and we watched so many of
these movies like this um that we did a
year ago I don't know if I'd be able to
remember specifics about I know we have
to watch it it's a watch it again a
waste of time yeah I'd rather watch new
stuff yeah so I don't know I do like
March Madness though that's good we've
been doing a side competition thing or
something we do a full discussion like
maybe the nd up so with bracket user
voters kind of thing oh maybe like we
wouldn't have to film us watching it
again cuz we're like it's not like we
would have any fresh jokes right but
just to watch to recap and then do a new
discussion connect to the old clips of
us watching no as long as you had
something interesting to do with the
winner you need your some medals and
fail looks like a user if you feel any
Soviets out the bugs ran someone's open
so and so sure sure you could do one of
those you know unofficial YouTube
tallies click on this link to vote for
this winner and see which gets more
views and whatnot yeah commander yeah
we're leaving a transmission from the
council early conservation new recruits
for sergeant alright nice
oh thanks TV only he says he only says
that he appreciates that that we do
different things yeah
thank you we appreciate your
appreciation yes all right
and he's also very glad to be alive
skin of Steve skiff it prepared
appointed strike one
we're heading to South Africa for this
one we need to get down there fast
screen junkies did it already with 80s
movies yes they did in 80s movies
bracket but here's the thing
brackets come from basketball screen
junkies didn't invent the bracket no no
they did it we can't do it if another
show did it obviously we can't do
anything closer that's true have you
ever heard of a show called Mystery
Science Theater what's that some sort of
a some sort of a PBS special about the
scientific learning method yes okay
great what not for Sylvia don't question
about the 80s movie competition that
should have only 80 science fiction
competition from Robocop right we don't
actually man I think I'm president
yeah that will ever stop flame with it
too because I was thinking cuz it came
down to predator and diehard that's like
a die-hard I think you'll be thoroughly
hear pure action movie Dyer I don't
think a predator well there's action in
it but it's kind of sighs I own we don't
predator is an action movie name and
there's action yeah but there's also an
alien creature predator is it with its
own science and technology is an action
movie with the sci-fi element yes but
when I think of 80s action movie the
movies I think of her stuff like die
hard sure you know commando he's like
that die hard absolutely wins I didn't
want to him so did that heroin of course
okay oh I heard of course die hard wins
just because it's awesome yeah predator
is an action movie though I was gonna
say where was Total Recall but that was
little fighters that was nine yeah I
think that was 1990 like Robocop is a
sci-fi movie with action tones
predators an action movie with psychic
fight ohms
no yes no the alien is too prominent
absolute literal it doesn't matter if
it's an action movie not an action
sci-fi movie you know they never like
it's not like they go into details on
what the alien is or like how it was
like present really in and come who the
fuck cares it it has an alien commando
by the book yeah action movie yeah it's
commando you think commando should have
one well no no but I mean no hard wind
guards muttering oh shit I'm talking to
you fuckers shit habit of something
terribly walk in the air condition oh
I'm sorry you gotta pull it off probably
to move all this up oh my god dozens
getting really warming alright is it
well it's good we're having a heated
rich screwed up oh they're we're having
a heated discussion about die hard and
pregnant yes yeah no that was my thing
when you're talking about eighties
action movies yeah I mean there are
things like predator which is is an
action movie but it's also a sci-fi
movie same with something like aliens
that's more sci-fi than action I agree
has full but but when you hear the term
80s action movie you think of Arnold
Schwarzenegger buff in commando you
think of John McClane diehard if you
think of straight ahead I don't disagree
with you
I think the predator vs. aliens argument
is a perfect one aliens
spends time building the sci-fi elements
where so it is a sci-fi movie first and
then it also has action whereas predator
is primarily about the action that just
happens to have an alien
therefore like and this is pedantic um
jackassery that I'm talking it doesn't
really matter
sure but if we were to prioritize as
younger the creditor would get the
action movie for more action than the
sci-fi aliens is more sci-fi than action
that solves it same with rope I think
the minute you introduce an alien
creature then it automatically shouldn't
be included with a these action movies
in the pure form of what it means action
now this matters I know I agree but I
lost the movie they're all awesome we
can agree in all I'm saying is you know
eventually you have two sub genre and
sub-genre and yeah certain parts of the
sub genre need to take priority you know
and you know and all I know is Predators
awesome predators awesome yeah predators
awesome diaper twins because the best
fucking movie in the world is die hard
maybe maybe I just have to rewatch
murderer it's not it's not my favorite
not of the event that here is sci-fi
action movies I rank underneath aliens
alien Terminator Terminator 2 in Robocop
it's as far as all of those that kind of
genre is like it's like at the top of
the pot oh you need to realize credit
raptor is pretty great yeah predators
pretty very I've seen I don't think ever
say it's better than determining watch
the last act somewhere recently again
okay the whole thing is you know what it
is it's delightfully slow for an action
movie yeah it takes this time building
up and yeah it takes a long time before
you even really see
the creature yeah it's really great a
lot a lot of tension building a lot of a
lot of characters lots of gay characters
and just end in like the violence good
violence - yeah that's fun no ah yes uh
someone is saying alien is better than
aliens yes I agree I've never been the
biggest fan of alien you know what
there's no idea they are I understand
but personally they disagree yeah sure
yeah they're also they're very different
fields yeah and that should be noted
aliens to me is two too many corny
elements to really love it sure there's
lots of like corny one-liners and I
never cared for the like everyone went
alien 3 came out almost pissed that they
killed off mute and Hicks it was like I
really care about though no alien great
horror movie
yeah if you can't really compare it to
aliens because it's trying to do
something completely different
aliens no i'm isn't an adventure action
movie yeah I'm totally aliens as its own
movie I just think it's kind of corny it
is well and and you're right like in I
am in don't get me wrong but it's not my
favorite in Alien you do care more for
the characters and in aliens it's a
little shock year and that I'd like I
like them both for different very
different yes I'm not like aliens a lot
but this is gonna be controversial I
like alien 3 more alien 3 but that was
so much closer in town to alien than
aliens those
and the endings great it's a great ramp
up to a trilogy if it was a trilogy I
don't like where this goes I like it
only three especially the if anyone's
seen the extended cut they came out on
DVD and then even better on the blu-ray
release it flushes out the movie a lot
more all right it's it's dark it's AM
sphere gets creepy looking there's some
good characters in it Sigourney Weaver
is awesome
I like alien 3 quite a bit it's flawed
but it's it's a more interesting movie
to me even with its flaws than aliens
--is which is technically a better movie
okay make sense that does make sense
that's that's an interesting argument
now I enjoy that and now I already hate
sailing three because I killed a Newton
Hicks I got it was like you understand
if he really likes those carrots I'm in
that boat yeah I know a lot of people
are but all right I just never really
cared okay so we need to watch predators
and we're bringing her a day yes that's
that's the best tomorrow night tomorrow
night but not really tomorrow night
oh now everyone's gonna go apeshit now
sound like alien 3 yeah oh no people are
saying I also like to think through okay
I think it's finally starting to come
around where people are looking at it
separate from the anticipation they had
when it came out after aliens because
it's not aliens it's not follow up to
aliens really I think people it's funny
like looking at it now so at times pass
you think people would be more shocked
at the notch at the dissonance between
alien yes yeah that's weird that
everyone just dislike ceilings is
awesome really but you like dealing
right yeah Amanda it's nothing like
alien it's me Meg nothing I gave no yeah
it's really weird objectives no date yes
I see you the sequel lows go in a
completely different direction sure
again keep it fresh bringing warm
gremlins such an important gremlins to
which I also think is amazing but that
locker let's do movie that's just
completely dedicated to ripping apart
everything that made the first movie
successful wonder here and there's this
great feature if I have nothing else
yeah although the gremlins in that movie
look great
is there an anniversary screening of
ghostbusters this week what oh I don't
know
someone said is our London to see the
anniversary screenings of ghostbusters
this week I know it might not be in
Milwaukee maybe not I haven't heard
anything about this point that out if
there is I think the answer is yes but
we didn't know about it
okay Jay how is the liquor selection in
the studio lounge I can tell you that
the gin is great go hungry my beer mmm
your what does it come Steagall eagle
Steagall hablar once you get there Jay
here and here's the thing that's going
to really piss you off is you're going
to have this and it's going to be the
most delicious thing you've ever drink
yeah and it's not in Milwaukee mmm
where'd you get it from Minnesota okay I
have a buddy up in Minnesota he says are
you guys completely out of touch I'm
sure oh yeah with what world anything
old men are out of touch with things
that's what we do
I suppose that's the the more important
but out of touch with look like out of
touch with current movies no I think
we're in touch out of touch with current
pop songs absolutely
I don't know I'm a big fan of that Nicki
Minaj song as we discussed last week
have you listened to any of her other
songs since then no let's take a moment
midstream it right when we want to ready
to take a break I want you to watch some
of her greatest stuff because I love
with Minaj
how am i doing everyone hahaha geeks
only houses how many bottles of my local
brews should I send as many as you think
you can I just shot I mean at least at
least four I don't know as many as you
want
15 William got a wave of x-rays closing
on your location 15 9s hmm down riddle
says ass ass ass ass ass ass yes I can
only SS s SS ss SS I'm just talking
about the Nicki Minaj video and you have
to be and yes I enjoy looking at Nicki
Minaj's ass and if that means watching a
music video while muted well so be it
while muted I like that yeah I like that
sometimes that's how you're gonna do it
spawns this check and dare very smart
motherfuckers Nicki and alien 3 forever
column address is troopship the only
things I like are alien 3 and Nicki
Minaj I enjoy how ridiculous she is the
I'm going to show Jay a couple music
videos during a break one will be one
you guys should all look up which is
Nicki Minaj starship if you ever wanted
to listen to a song and watch a music
video that are the definition of I don't
give a fuck that's that like the song
makes no sense in the video you can
clearly see her like give up lip-syncing
and the director and editor keep it in
for some reason
enemy oh yes I should activate asks did
I ever ask a J / Mike about plain red
letter media pint glasses yes I sent
Mike and Jesse and email with that
request to have a pint glass with just
the red letter media logo which I agree
is a good idea so I did pass that along
they said go fuck yourself and they also
said to go fuck myself well that's just
how they end every email to me so I
don't think that
but I'm not gonna read that geeks only
I'm not gonna read that what happened
now he's just saying funny things is it
really funny got out what does the we
hard space a space cop flag SC flag that
means really hard space cop that was a
thing that someone was holding up in our
crime scene in space come as the all CN
n space come as seen in space column
some day coming out soon like next week
space cop is right after the next one
get review yeah yeah that's what's tell
another oh shit you know I haven't seen
the rain have you seen the radio guys
are jerks
oh no I have not seen all right that's
one I've been meaning to see me tell me
to one of these days I'll get around to
it yeah I hear great things you know I
want along the same lines I want to see
the raid and attack the block I you know
everybody loved to tech the block I
didn't care much for huh no it was fine
it was okay but it wasn't hostile forces
it wasn't exciting enough to be an
action sci-fi thing and it wasn't funny
enough to be a comedy for me okay I just
kind of fell between the cracks not a
bad man you sure the creature designs
are kind of neat but I didn't love it
like a lot of people seem to maybe I
have to re-watch it again mm-hmm
yes one person it's worth the poison
killing you killing mobile focus yeah I
have not finished shovel not yet in fact
I only think the flat children you have
scoot I lives it's cute I highly
recommend shovel knight to anyone who is
considering buying it it's some of the
most fun event gaming recently I would
not go that far
ah most fun like it's not them it's not
the hardest game how much does a cycle
intend of one percent absolutely it but
it's it's a perfect time let me tell you
some butter of yours they don't they
don't have Nintendo Entertainment System
to stall job the other good they were
born when the fucking PlayStation 2 came
on that's probably true that's probably
true much I don't know it's fun
Shelvin light is fun I really enjoyed it
and I'm looking at the I'm
I'm going to finish it but you know you
start playing other games too many games
what are you gonna do there's too many
of them I owe you one
seriously I wouldn't be here without you
look executed to be here yeah what's
that look up the sky oh you were
tracking someone yeah it was some kind
of general do I was a that was a mission
and a vision objective guy with mission
objective gotcha
I get it you don't know your audience
you hack frauds as apathetic was
probably true we don't know I don't know
you personally yeah that's that's
literally true that is true
dr. JC promoted and wounded someone says
I was born in 2012 ACTA does octo J want
one sprinter or covering fire what is
octo j1o octo Jake Spencer or covering
fire
someone says uh that they think an
ex-con dev voiced van doom I could
believe it no no offense to their voice
acting but that used to happen all the
time back in the tall offense to the
boys act early voice acting was all the
paperwork the studio yeah of course of
course
beep the voice of Victoria she worked at
the studio but she was actually good at
uh covering he says all right
not my choice but it it's fine mods
choice someone is asking me what my
celebrity man-crush is I read there's
too many you know are you asking me for
personality looks general drug abuse if
it's personality it might be I don't
know Bryan Cranston you know everyone's
Bryan Cranston seems just like a great
dude Jamie no that's Mike's man-crush
too wasn't it
I have no idea you can say that cuz he
mentioned it on half in the bag
mine was Peter Dinklage Union Mike give
me a piece real name who wants to be a
white South African woman let's get the
Chad a chance to catch up on that one
we're gonna see who says first Pete's
role was this first Oh
we're boned pick me Jack can vouch for
my badass attune WI pwn Edie yep you in
first
wait whip wait wait WIP WI ne D heard I
fuck something up WN n no i wi p WN e d
o WN e d yeah well that is right up a
bin no way
everybody wants this position oh Jesus
Christ sorry guys we filled it already
we're going to was Whitman was way up on
it whooping oh you know what I think
whippin was on my FTL crew on Sunday
when we well yeah so yeah his badass
that's great
well didn't dippin whippin doesn't get
the pick Oh someone is asking if you are
if rich is wearing his XCOM shirt I
should then die I'm wearing my mega man
shirt yeah but rich loves his ex come
sure I do I do but that was so awesome
stuff we did the lovely people at fire
access games sent us a couple t-shirts
and and some posters poster for the
their new game and we love our teachers
thank you a few years more FTL all the
time all I want to play is a family the
aliens on come fish here we wouldn't
quit or else we could do oh there -
Kevin that's you after treatment Kevin
from fire kiss game is in the jet thank
you hey for the shirts everyone get that
beyond Earth we appreciate it
who is this I got Kevin from fire access
game the guy who sent us this shirts the
ex-con shirt oh but let the find people
who make ex colonization oh that's nice
who make amazing games like ex common
civilization all right
oh my god the Ocho knows just subscribe
thanks for subscribing ah
so like skip cutscene
I hate skipping cutscenes guys but I
love you so much and now you guys know
that an employee of fire axis is here
and we're skipping the cutscenes his not
put in so much work and time into these
cutscenes and we're skipping him because
of you assholes you don't stupid thanks
why am i doing stupid things I didn't
build a goddamn office your training
schools is I'm stupid I'm so stupid
and the Ocho nose says Jack please spend
my sub money on local beer only and I we
are only spending some money on video
games that's what rich and I have decide
100 % of previously recorded live sub
money will be going towards video games
to play on the stream and in and in our
previously recorded shows so you want to
give it yea like a shot maybe shouting
like I give it like two fingers of gin
you put two fingers to the bottom of the
glass and fill it up to that Amaya
I still can't believe onyx oh no I mean
like try to bring one of those things it
like this is two fingers but yeah that's
fine you can do that too
Sahara Chevy talk about the game warn
strategy and what if you want would you
say it to every phone talking though
y'all seem stupid it keepin her well you
know it someday someday we're gonna have
to do a stream worksheet you'll be and
we're talking about X and we have a down
time now so go ahead talk about your
strategy well I'm in between missions so
I guess I don't know what to talk about
Wow
and wondering if we should do more about
talking about this we can we need to
start up your fellow with dreams the
rich devlins hello screams evany it be
so dead quiet what people what their
people the rich Evan silver streams
already exists it's called playing your
game on Butte I have a sound down you'd
hear like Futurama playing in the
background that's actually you know rich
was just saying earlier that when he
plays games he usually has another thing
going in the background not all the
times if it's a game I'm playing for the
first time no I'm probably gonna be
solely focused on the game but you know
something like XCOM I know Indians and
outs of yeah I'm listening to some of
the background maybe maybe music maybe I
just got a TV shorting out on the
background that's crazy
no it's not it's it's I'm just saying
like even even for me like a game like
tf2 which is a game I have a zillion
hours into I do not listen and I listen
to all the in-game music and sound
effects I do not listen to music or
watch you know it's like when I play a
game I just want the game or different
peoples are is that true were totally
different do we have different opinions
on things you know and that's that's
unacceptable
we need to we need to go into
Thunderdome and work this out Osama
wants you to play checkers you fine
whichever's I'll kick your ass
Oh God you will observe poachers see
this is why I don't think you should be
too concerned rich about talking about
strategy and all that people would be
happy if you just played checkers who is
here last week with a great checkers
dream enclose the end of the month
where's that last abduction area
there am sentiments when tracking
several reported abductions via the
holiday I've got the coordinates locked
in what you gonna do demo contest no
contest so they're going red
wellthat to put the salt on lovely bit
assaults okay squaddies cyber Dino I
won't love scene injury okay I'm looking
for mistake okay
someone just said that whenever they
play games they put red letter media on
in the background and I guess that's
acceptable
oh thank you oh this is tasty I guess I
did not oh it's gone
there is a there is an inferior
grapefruit juice soda beer called
Schaffer Hoffer
it's incredibly inferior but if that's
all you get it works this steagle rather
oh that's tasty I know how often I would
want to drink it but it's a good summer
drink true that
rich do you play XCOM and key much I
play multi-player nothing that's true
I'm I when I play games I'm very much
just wanna be left alone baby games are
what I do when I don't want to interact
with other how many hours you have an X
come we have some answer and how many of
that is multiplayer zero literally zero
alright that's the you know that's fair
we're going to be putting down in Mexico
what happens what happens in multiplayer
oh you take turning just will be like
you you have a team and I have to take
to energy on us being like a pool of
points and different units cost
different points but you can you can mix
and match aliens and humans so it's not
Haley and versus humans we're just your
team or if you want whatever you can
afford versus the other guys team okay
whatever you can afford though that was
my question is like I reversed each
other or are we were here to get out
you're versus okay so I you could pit
your your little sectoid guys against my
soldiers are okay you wanted to use
cyber disk probably a bit more costly
sure yeah hi this one when one year
here's here's what I want to do when
you're more versed in X come maybe after
you finish the game next next year I
will I will have my first multiplayer
game against you
hmm oh my god you would kick my ass well
I won't give you time to play the
fucking game I'd love you to do okay I
let you kick my ass in Mario Kart
believe that's true you're right
okay I I accept your challenge
and we'll do we'll do it live on the
stream so everyone can see you kick my
ass at again okay that's fair
we probably even doing what your solo
stream is because we'd have to have two
computers so is yours you're me at home
and you at home okay I like that
we need an HDMI switcher and then we can
like switch between our computers so it
I guess we could you guys we got like
one it's cleared to engage
we have her own separate streams going
kevin says he'll give me some tips I'll
meet him
Oh terrible we get the jack XCOM stream
and the rich XCOM straight to separate
streams oh my god I love the streams it
will create it will create a twitch
channel just for the secondary stream
the secret stream if we had trying to
think how we can do this oh no no oh no
we can do it live dot if we we can um
will stream from my computer and hook up
your computer like it is now to an HDMI
out we can stream off of the same thing
oh okay it's two video signals into the
same computer live streaming both sides
of the battle okay we can do that
absolutely that's going to happen
you gotta finish XCOM i am i listen neck
by next year oh I know I know I'll be
halfway done and and we'll work on it
oh well that's right don't cross the
streams that's a reference to Star Wars
I'm so on The Phantom Menace that's true
without oxygen yes sub money will be
going claims that sub money will be
going towards games and also gaming
systems and that will also include
better computer hardware better capture
devices to make sure that we get you the
hottest yeah cleanest graph is because
right now X comes about the most my
computer can do you sure right now yep
and and I'm running out of mac running
Windows that's probably six years old by
now when we first started talking about
doing games i i i yeah I did some
playing around with my system and I was
running dishonored and I had fraps
running and my framerate
I was shocked it was solos like in the
20s low twenties yeah
and you don't want to see that no nobody
wants to see that that's terrible
haha terrible its tail later Oh Jewish
woman Kevin matzo ball is any of the sub
money gonna go towards buying the subs
to eat for lunch very hard cuz we need
to you know we need to eat this for the
stream I'm very hungry I am
your son right now someone is asking a
very important question Jack are you a
light medium or dark roast coffee and
this might be a little controversial but
I like my coffee lights I like a nice
light smooth coffee
I do pour over coffee and I cold brew
for the summer because I like iced
coffee in the Sun so when I call through
and is there a process turbo finish your
way you're saying buddy copy it when I
called brew and pour over it makes for a
very smooth coffee so light and smooth
I'm just going to ask because I never
drink iced coffee is do you just make a
pot of coffee and important to a cup of
ice notice there's something different
or something - no but because now all if
you pour a cup of coffee over ice the
ice will melt and it will dilute you'll
have just weak coffee okay and so when
you make iced coffee you have to
actually make a concentration time so
when you dilute it with water it
maintains its bold coffee flavor
now go three cups of really coarsely
ground coffee and seven cups of water
let it sit for fifteen hours seriously
yes it sounds like too much work for
coffee
I'm already out no it's you just put in
a bowl let it sit overnight cover it
with a towel it sit overnight and then
send it through a wire mesh strainer and
then through a normal coffee filter and
that process actually takes a really
long time it takes a couple hours
I got all the coffee-room but it gets
you it gets you like a week's worth of
coffee
oh okay and and it's great then you just
need it like half coffee half water and
ice and you're good to go you lunch stop
would you do soup i hunker down
did you hungry everyone hunker down the
hype for hunker down yo ah and that's
how you make the world's best iced
coffee see seamless sir
depressing for AM radio with Jack and J
nice coffee there I need coffee to live
I don't know if I can quite elaborate my
dependency on caffeine and so coffee has
become very important to me let's
understand I drink a lot of coffee too
I drink it black even when it's 90
degrees out I drink hot black coffee
that see black of course yeah black no
sweetener no sugar just black coffee but
when it's 90 degrees then you get a
little paste I don't drink it outside
and you're getting my air conditioning
you know even then even then they need
some ice dawg
you come over my nose I just made a pie
I strange this morning got me a nice
nice coffee from you know like coffee
shop it's fine
I just drink my hot coffee crazy dog
I know I know ha copy when it's cold
cold hop cup for her from was hot oh my
god ha ha haaa ha ha ha ha ha jack is
almost done with his first beer savings
he's drunk oh my god oh my god
citizen grapes and someone needs to help
someone take his cup here boy
I think about that every once in a while
like just taken like a month off of
coffee it's hard I've given up caffeine
before cuz I drink a lot of coffee too
and it's yeah it's it's tough the first
few days are really tough caffeine is a
physical dependency it's a physical
addiction
yeah I get really bad headaches um I had
a restless leg syndrome like when I try
to sleep at night I could not stop
moving my legs they got bad I don't want
to start drinking coffee again and
everything was fine sure that's why
resolve the issue what no I want some
gum and the first time I stopped I went
a couple months ok yeah then I got back
on it again and then I quit again for
like a month or two months but I just I
like coffee too much just less of the
dependency thing more that I just like
I'm not coffee in the morning so and
that's you know like also coffees good
for you like if you don't drink too much
obviously and you know it's not like
we're drinking a ton of sugar and milk
where it's right just coffee if you have
it in a reasonable bun it doesn't hurt
you
yeah it helps some doctor say I'm not a
doctor
don't listen to Jack Jack it's terrible
medical advice but doctor says
huh our Ellen has RLS yeah it was the
worst I couldn't sleep at night because
I could not stop wailing my stupid legs
around does that hurt Oh for anyone
asking rich is playing rich is buying
and that's why he's doing so well don't
go don't write you know love Courtney of
course you're doing good you're fighting
aliens what if they're good at lives
thought about that well they're
attacking the world so you're doing good
by fighting aliens well I'm gonna trying
to help everybody
we just misunderstood oh that could be
maybe there's a subtext of the game no
after the 900 hour mark the subtext
really comes comes clean that's right
dick the board the birthday boy Jack is
not a real doctor do not let me touch
your genitals do you want to tell the
the story there Greely estate story oh
really estates their band I think
they're from Arizona and Mike used to
shoot Mike I shot a a live concert with
them once or something so just as a
stack of real estate the Flyers and by
the way big stack of them and so we just
hang them up they're not just in the VCR
repair shop said they're in the office
area and I hate looking at the ha
as you should I don't know why you guys
put them up it fills me busy I don't
think I've ever listened to him I've
just seen their images sure that's more
than enough
group I don't just colors how asshole
asking about that Oh
or at least responding to I was talking
to Kevin there you go there you go ho
asshole there you go hey dumb man ex
thanks for subscribing we appreciate it
double Mannix MINIX
de Mannix action 80s action TV show dumb
addicts oh yeah so basically kind of
thing yeah he ain't that smart but he's
smart enough at killing you oh shit
no no this is shit she can't like what's
in her way oh fuck I want to get my
heavy killed because of this it was not
good your town is next asked Jay and
Jack I'm both a twitch subscriber and a
patreon patron does this entitle me to
any special secret bonuses it entitles
you to the secret bonuses present to
both of those subscriptions yes so you
get pizza roll and access to all of our
mobile cons to here on Twitch and
whatever your patron I'm not a patreon
so I guess it depends on what tier
you're on on patreon but you get
whatever tier you get those so that's
that yeah if you get something for
having both of those combined uh no no
youyou get us to get our computer our
gratitude we really appreciate the
support that's true er you left I had a
head oh I'm sincere thank you very much
we do really appreciate you I said a
goofy but ya know we appreciate all the
support
that's all like yeah don't be like that
I'm just being asked option do you guys
post special stuff to the patreon um as
often as we can it depends on my tier
like videos aren't as frequent because
it's usually outtakes or deleted stuff
sure so it's whatever project were
working on we're trying to do text
updates and photos and stuff yeah you
guys do a lot of things yeah that's good
but reminds me I gotta get those photos
for me I dunno what if I can't bring it
that's how you gonna email like is it
tomorrow I get you dad tomorrow that's
fine
let's email you is it special photos
from a very special shoot that happened
yes but what what nothing
I don't know how it worked on blip but I
can tell you how it works on YouTube and
twitch as someone is asking if we get to
choose which commercials we air the
answer is no now the what happens is
companies make commercials and then you
know bid on where they go when we have
weekend like if there is a particular
commercial that we find offensive I
believe at least on YouTube you can say
not that commercial on but I don't know
how to do it on twitch and I can only
assume you guys don't do it on blip so
no that's all someone else
if someone is asking air kisses from
rich Evans as a patreon tier oh my god
is there yeah but by the way only if
your patreon lip can you accept that air
kiss everyone else don't accept it
you should shoot away
the stream just stopped for you it's
it's working for me yeah it's fine so
sorry you must be relieved they go there
to watch this anymore take chances is it
kevin says is it weird to have a ps4 ad
on a fire axis live stream yes it is why
they not do ps4 and I don't pay
attention to the console or slider
thanks I think I believe their PC o Expo
came on the consoles
oh that's right it did they came out all
mopey s3 and ps4 PS to ps3 oh my god
Jack stop talking but um you know we
should do we should take a break yeah oh
you know I'm almost done I don't know
we've been streaming for forever for a
while not actually after this mission
we're gonna make very sure we're gonna
take a little break
Tech is to refill his giant jug of water
now that I've had this beer I just need
to sell them is that all it takes
anymore yeah one beer one beer I don't
it hears by the way I'm giving away a
little bit I don't drink that much it
my tolerance is very little so yeah
after this I'm feeling great that's my
one beer with gin shot it's just enough
it's just another attack
another day right another successful up
we'll be back
oh did you win yeah I'm so far I've only
lost people on the first fucking mission
Oh that first awful fucking dreadful
shitty fucking piece of shit fucking
walking to men ah
we're on my goddamn nights what a dick
well we're probably gonna take like a
five or ten minute break to make sure
that we can all refill our beverages and
stretch but we'll be back Bligh