Paapers Plas! With Rich & Jack & Jay
August 27, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEG4OBOMJDE

hello hello everybody hello ski we're
going to be blank members please for
just a little bit you guys also let us
know if you can hear us and if you can
hear papers please
these are the two important things to
hear if your point play this for a
little bit but every once your wants
show up and then I'm gonna I'm gonna
XCOM this joint motherfuckers I'm gonna
XCOM the hell out of this joint
III and everybody also sounds great
great audio sounds good everybody
welcome our new moderator octo Jay when
you tell me there's no technical
problems shut up Jason I refuse to
believe this oh my god everything just
went wrong um until I'm sorry that my
introduction of our new moderator got
rudely interrupted by Jay no you said it
and I'm written a night midd joke after
oh you're right I didn't interrupt you
in the middle of saying who it was
you're right I was gonna go I had a few
raveloe AB him of these glory are you
gonna have changing the topic I do I
apologize to you and I apologize to octo
Jay say your piece
oh no it's done now I mean you said you
ruined it now sorry bring out my
creators right my whole thing was Jay
ruining it oh I succeeded exactly as
planned
exactly alright so yeah we're what's
happening rich is just gonna play oh no
papers please before we get into XCOM
adding the stupid book fuck you know it
on I tried to blame I'm not okay one day
one I got this done I tried to blade the
other day and someone sent me a link to
a cheat sheet that I kept up on another
editor sure what's the fun if you're
cheating to win I would have won
I didn't go because I'm very witty this
is I'm gonna find if it's is the result
of cheating I'm on I'm on day like 22 or
23 with 70 or more dollars okay my bank
account the well it's not a cheat sheet
what it is is is it's part of you know
you get a little manual that you can put
up on your desk ah deny and what it is
is just part pieces of the manual that I
could put up on a separate screen so
it's not really cheating it's just
giving them more screens but it's just
very much cheating it's just it's just
that cheating that's just cheating it's
just kind of cheating no because the
whole thing with the book is you're
supposed to look through a book and it's
kind of awkward Oh someone says please
comment on ascension millennium by Corey
Feldman you mean the best music video
ever the best song / music videos in
remarks that video and discover
something new several months ago we want
you to share it's everybody the night we
film the best of the worst or you're
draggin the tape behind the card
oh no weed in there then we came back
here and we were watching stupid crap on
YouTube yes I don't know anybody I
watched it I think multiple times oh hey
we just got a new subscriber Frosty's
news thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it that likes watching me
haphazardly play papers please
I like watching you play papers please
this game is so is redic is a ridiculous
amount of fun for a paper work simulator
move into my supplies first day is easy
okay hi brace that you get as much money
as I can this first ace must use yeah
that's right no no good man haha also
you know what might be our like ease of
streaming tonight is we are streaming
we're playing the game on Rich's
computer which is an actual PC unlike
normally we play on my Mac which just
has Windows running on the Mac so maybe
that causes problems I don't know it's
nice
that's nice oh my god Sean wjf just
subscribed as well
everyone loves papers points subhype for
papers please please original we're just
getting through this so fast man also
Thank You octo J for um for uh updating
me on subscribers as well I'm watching
your feed oh my god
gobbledygook just subscribe keep track
of these names cuz wit play XCOM well
hotel they're gonna be they're gonna be
people will tell them the total BS man I
gotta be gook thanks for coming aboard
where do people come up with these
screen names I've got that's a good
question
some were so fun so goofy I always just
do something related to my name sure I
guess I'm just boring oh is that new
backs new backs just subscribed thank
you
subscribers I don't know people happy to
see us
um I don't know yeah I'm kind of locked
into a like a screen name now yeah
harlech where did that come from I'm a
jerk okay I have plenty of money yeah
fuck your heat you're gonna fuck my
ferry what why not I don't like my
family very much um the thing you should
know about me is I've been my wife and I
have been together for a very long time
we were in fact we were living with each
other when email started becoming a
thing
that's how long ah my wife and I have
been together and so I was on when email
was first becoming a thing I was unsure
how it was I thought that we would share
an email address oh I didn't know that
everyone got their own specific email
address and so one of the very famous
just has one limited back then I
I started the internet there weren't as
many email addresses available as there
are now and so her nickname was Horrell
okay named after Harley Quinn does be
the Batman villain I see
and so Horrell and Jack harlech now it
all makes sense and it just kind of
stuck with me okay so that's where that
nickname comes from and that's where I
got mine that's my story everybody
that's great this is great all right
we're telling stories already fantastic
story it is mmm shitman now I know I
never have to ask that again that's true
that's true
Moodle I forget probably will at some
point you probably will probably uh hey
moon front thank you for subscribing we
appreciate you coming out one at email
calm I don't think that's how it works
what was the first email address does
anybody know well there has to be two
first right one one descended one to
receive okay well the first one created
them before there was a receiver oh my
god just the very first email address
ever created someone look at a test or
something I bet there there has to be
one right was that that's a good oh yeah
I was like there's you can find the
first youtube video there has to be a
first email address right I think so for
anyone wondering also rich is playing
rich is playing favorite plays rich is
gonna be playing all night oh you know I
didn't play at all last time so it
balances that's true Oh Jack's confirmed
for Mormon because he settled down so
young son albergues
I've been i amid with my wife since high
school high school sweethearts Oh
oh we weren't sweethearts but I've been
with my fiance well I've known my fiance
since high school yeah yeah okay
let's say you know you fight you find
the right person it's like all right
this is how it's gonna have old rich
everyone's gold that's fine turn your
heat back on that's food off no no you
could do that you cannot give them food
I've never experimented with this before
I'm gonna try and save money this time
uh-huh by like denying things and that
way when times are tough
I'll have the extra bit oh my god it's a
strategy that I'm just trying for the
first time I officially love it the link
to an article about firsts and internet
things oh well there you go
thank you confirmed for J thanks for
subscribing oh my god and mr. Kevin
thank you for subscribing
everyone subscribing and everybody's
cold all people are gonna be hungry
first email was sent in 1971 shut up
yeah sure
who was it say what the email address
was is it is it as an email address it's
still around now own language I doubt it
it doesn't say but okay
first domain server oh yeah there's all
sorts of information Oh our first
picture ever uploaded is that it's a
bunch of ladies that's not a punish
thank you to whoever sent us that link
shed cheat cheat cheat cheat cheat cheat
first item sold on eBay was a broken
laser pointer through it in 1995 nice oh
great I'm gonna bookmark doesn't read
the whole thing later but there's good
looks good she checks through something
is asking what was the first sext ever
well I know that I sent it I sent it to
rich in fact he has still yet to reply
the answer is Doe
Oh Oh someone is asking me to talk about
the Mario Kart 8 mercedes-benz and newly
announced link DLC mercedes-benz DLC we
knew about for a while just it's a core
it's actually a weird corporate tie-in
where you can get some mercedes-benz
carts and I'm not excited about that
because I think they look really ugly
I'm assuming you're excited about
Lincoln extra character new key suit
Mario I don't give I don't give a fuck
about tanooki suit Mario or extra
characters extra courses we get
something like like two extra Grand
Prix's so we're gonna get extra courses
we're gonna get extra carts extra
characters I'm excited about the extra
courses I don't care about having linked
Mario Kart who cares what they look like
I just want that racing yo did I hear
something about a new he suit in Mario
Kart i new keys Oh Harrison Ora see
Mario dress this new key oh speaking of
guys we could use a couple more copies
of new key we're almost there um on VHS
if we get a couple more then we can do
our new key play then we can finally
fulfill the the suicide pact and Anki
suicide pact yeah a pathetic when you
are right the the mercedes-benz DLC is
gonna be free and so we like will get a
couple extra carts and they'll look like
Mercedes Benz but I think they look
really ugly because they look like just
normal cars and that's part of the fun
of Mario Kart is to get these bright
colorful characters and cars I'm really
good at paperwork I love it
that's part o this fuck I love him
hahaha what do I need what's going on
it comes in with a passport made out of
crayon he's great Oh someone asked me if
we're gonna make an entire suit made out
of new key via Jess's a new key like
words the new key character made out it
we're gonna get some guy called Mario to
wear it it's my two new keys oh wait
picture that matched it oh well
wait we're gonna have two new key suits
oh it's a new key suit made out of two
copies of new key I spot two new key
suit oh there's gonna two costumes two
new key costumes I like that too
I like that you like that two new key oh
oh
jail did you give that samurai cop is
alive yes that someone just said it we
should get on that we should look into
this yeah I think you're right like I
see how the cats out of the bag now we
posted that teaser so people know that
we but we get did an interview with him
mm-hmm
um I was jumping on that shit from day
one I think I saw that video that
announcement video but he's still alive
or he's got a shirt off I saw that when
he was still in the single digits yeah I
just happened to be in the right place
at the right time I'm so excited
that's what we were talking about like
about how people found that because he
posted the YouTube video and he is not
involved with social media and his
daughter
oh fuck you dude rich is failing at
paperwork but it still spread like
wildfire and so my guess is that there
was someone who subscribed to his
daughter's YouTube channel there were no
there was nothing on it it was created
just to upload that video she uploads
she created the YouTube channel just to
post that video so then there must have
been someone who had a Google Alert for
Matt Hannon slash samurai cop well I
don't think it
immediately it was he posted it on the
IMDB message board that's where he's
communicating with people and so some
people saw their I just happened to be
because I've been monitoring that
because he was making pose so that
certainly huh and so I was paying
attention to that oh that's right
because he's started coming on saying
that he was alive yeah after every
difficulty but make a video prove it so
he finally did and I just happened to be
looking at the message board right
around the same time he posted that
uh-huh but I think it that's I think
it's IMDB then led to it blowing up okay
okay I don't even know if it blew up but
it got a few hundred thousand or a few
thousand views and then he deleted it
and then he posted it again and then he
deleted that no he posted it again but
he says he's gonna take us down in
September so I don't know what he's
doing he's posting and deleting it look
I let them Thank You Tube just leave it
up just leave it I leave it up for all
time when do we want to switch the XCOM
you just keep maybe you're your family's
hungry and your son is sick so you know
I'm gonna be good be good okay well I
push it too far because someone did get
sick yeah but you know stretching think
you're gonna get any bucks we're talking
about samurai cap so keep going for a
long time well we know what to talk
about too much no knots you know we
don't wanna get too much weight for the
enemies post that's true you know what
that's true other than he was a very
nice guy yes I'd like I keep worrying
that after Len and Matt now we're gonna
get too comfortable and think that just
everyone that we have is gonna be super
nice and then one day like Frank
Stallone is gonna come here and be a
total dick that would be great
not if anyone was a dick but if it was
Frank Stallone and used it that would
perfect would be okay with that right
right
when is it when is in when is what
getting posted that's I mean that's my
question
oh we're not posting the samurai cop
interview that's just for us oh yeah did
you guys want that online no no we
weren't we didn't even have cameras we
just we just talked to me to shut that
teaser yeah that'd actually be really
fun either teaser would be terrible we
may lose everybody at that point yes I
would think it's funny
yeah I agree much let's see here the
plane dangerous kid oh that would be a
good one I know what that kids up to oh
my god that would be great or that's a
great idea
someone figure out where he is you want
Alegre forest wait you know what we're
you know we're doing dick it we're
crowdsourcing it okay so crowdsourcing
the plane dangerous kid we're
crowdsourcing our what do you call a
person who books people a Booker a
booking agent
yeah we're crowdsourcing our booking
agent okay I was wondering her episode
sure whoever is someone that he knows
that knew that he was in that movie that
happens to see our videos and they're
sensible and sure that's that's what
happened with the tales from Genesis
space with that well yeah yeah oh yeah
that guy who i rana CLE was also a
karate master oh yes much like much
likely he had six black belts or
something weird large like six degrees
six degree is that even a thing yes well
what happens is once you get to black
belt yeah every degree you have a black
belt you can only test four degrees
after a year and so what that means is
after you get a black belt which takes a
couple years every degree after that
equals the amount of years at least okay
you've been trained okay I thought it
was just some bullshit you made up no
it's a real thing I'm a Superman I go
black
that's a real friend I see Jack I got I
got a coin oh my god a lot of women in
to see your son even though her paper
didn't match oh so you got a citation
but a coin yeah
what's the coin worth uh Morgan yeah you
did it it's a collectible kind of thing
okay from playing dangerous is the same
in one end to child bride it's the same
kid hmm also in ice also an ice cream
man with Clint Howard yeah
ironically enough Oh if someone says you
should get Adam Sandler as a guest Oh
God I just don't think tells me he would
not return our calls don't think that
would happen now we have a slight in oh
yeah because I know someone who is in
blended and all stepbrothers oh wait
that's not a mess I know I know someone
using my my big dumb comedies I know the
actress who played Kevin Nealon zwei 'f
in blended who's that huh listen she did
shoot just someone I knew from way back
in the day she went to she went to
college with my cousin Jake Oh Lauren
she down anything else
she's an actress I think like she's been
she's had smaller work like commercial
work not what's her name
I need something you guys are really
close we I could I could meet her and be
like hey you remember me she's like
maybe what is her name
he's the real thing that bothers me I
just said her name the other day well
whatever the fuck are you gonna prove
him now okay yeah point for it oh do you
yeah how did give you connect did you
wait or know that the collectible if you
wait long enough
eventually he has good enough for juries
to pass anyway or maybe you let him
through without getting the citation
that's really funny um here here's what
I'm gonna tie for 60 I don't want to get
Randy Quaid on the show
I don't something tells me he won't come
on the show no something tells you
you're wrong would you come on the show
and that's why we get
the Hollywood star whackers yes yeah is
he still on the run or did that get
resolved I quit paying attention I feel
my help
who cares about rain wait that's sort of
sad he was an interesting actor using
some good stuff he was funny
sure I loved him in kingpin yeah but I
was never sure in kingpin if he was
supposed to be this character was
supposed to be a little kid but the joke
was that he was Randy Quaid because they
treat him throughout the whole movie
like he's a little kid and I was never
sure if that was just a joke that they
treat him like a kid or if he was
supposed to be a kid
you know was never sure I've never
thought of it that way before I just
thought he was an idiot it's never it's
never uh I always thought just an idiot
just okay yeah I think he was just gonna
see a banjo yeah all right that makes
sense but there was parts of the movie
where I thought it was questioning him
when he went to the district barn with
everyone he went to a tea person point
right he starts working at one for extra
money
I think that's evidence in favor of
manchild okay yeah Jessica Lowe thank
you that's her name thank you for
looking that up I know yeah there was
once a time in which I knew Jessica Lowe
okay so all I'm saying is there's no
possible way I could get in hold uh get
a hold of Adam Sam I know it was just
weird seeing her in the trailer
oh fuck oh yeah and so it's just like I
know her you know she is she did um did
you ever see the movie blended yes No
why not why would I I should just cuz
her no she was in a sketch comedy group
at in in college in Chicago and I helped
out on some of the shoots for the sketch
comedy group okay because my cousin also
like shot stuff and wrote stuff for it
and so that I met her there so she's
been doing comedy for a while yeah and
it was just weird seeing her up on the
big screen
sure
not name-dropping mean obviously not
named drops because I didn't remember
her name
my name was changed recently
yeah names does match that a real thing
Oh barely this wait well you didn't get
his thumbprint
well now I'm checking the name Scott
alias he's got he's got a name oh okay
so that's official oh and the
fingerprints look like they match
come check times up anyway all right yes
he's just a weirdo who changed his name
I'm sure people change their name on
time Ridge that doesn't necessarily make
hey this guy's a weirdo I'm sorry you're
right now you're absolutely right I'm
sorry
you're right and you're absolutely right
who's Josh to mole that name sounds
familiar
oh he's in all the Transformers movies
that doesn't mean Lucky's he's military
he's military guy boring military guy
that knows a reason isn't all three you
know what show I watched a little bit
and did not immediately hate was Vegas I
know what that is
oh wait isn't James Caan on that yeah
sure okay it's like a shown order he
played like the head of security at a
Vegas yeah I think I saw an episode or
two that I enjoyed procedurals I enjoyed
detective procedurals and was who else
was on that show Jessica
No Deal I was gonna say Jessica Biel and
I immediately retract that because I
don't believe that was her it was it was
James Jamal
James Kosh Josh Jamal James Caan some
black guy and and like three attractive
ladies know is that she was not still on
I can imagine
why were you watching it it was just at
one point why not recently oh I think
recent oh enough hahaha that's your last
of the season maybe in a couple seasons
I remember I remember a cliffhanger and
it was just on at the time and okay you
know see what you sometimes you watch
stupid shows Jay let's don't judge me
I just a pathetic one says I just
started watching Twin Peaks it's pretty
decent so far it's yeah yeah keep keep
watching keep watching
halfway through second season you're
gonna want to give up but don't ya cuz
it does get better again
in fact most way through the second
season you're gonna want to give up but
don't don't be here's the thing when
you're watching the second season
anytime there's a scene with James just
fast-forward through it is already saw
throughout the second season that goes
nowhere and is boring and horrible yes
that's really true but it picks up
towards the end and the last episode is
great Oh James leisure as some black guy
is obvious cut into that the black I
have makeup James leisure is his name I
like the minute I didn't know who it was
Jack can't remember black people's names
and women's names it's true i but to be
fair i couldn't remember james doom
Alton's name either you still can't it's
Joshua
I mean fucking remember name I guess
that means you hate white people it's
true did know you know what it means I
don't remember shit yeah I don't
remember things that's that's how
uninteresting Josh Duvall is you know oh
are you fucking a paper working it yeah
I just you know I'm really bad at names
I'm not that kind of person back in like
can remember words I can remember words
in strings
that's all names are words know they're
weird words though that's true
we're told meanings names mean nothing
Josh just me by name
fucking faggot oh yeah such as my mean
name mean nothing to you absolutely
nothing
your no it does not okay your name means
dick to me hey yay I guess clever that's
clever pretty that's pretty hand write
that joke what
Twin Peaks bigot Oh biggie honor you're
wrong you're a Yahner Oh Twin Peaks is
great mostly you're right what's good
about it is so good that you kind of
forgive how bad it gets in the second
season it got so bad it starts great the
second season up until the big reveal is
pretty great and then it really takes a
nosedive for a good six seven eight
episodes I don't even it's been a while
since I've watched it I remember how
long goes on before
Windom Earles shows up and then it
starts to get good again yeah but I mean
the entirety like so there was like the
B story of about James Oh God which was
a beyond a clusterfuck yeah and then
that was just what do we do with this
character I was like why is this
character in this yeah he was always my
least favorite character even when the
show was good yeah yeah and then
detective Cooper
agent Cooper gets removed from the FBI
oh yeah that's an entire load of
bullshit - yeah is basically once cuz it
was never intended to wrap up the who
killed Laura Palmer storyline so they
was the the network kind of forced him
to do that like well now what do we do
it's just them scrambling to come up
with ideas yeah and David Lynch wasn't
around to keep everything on tracks I
think he was making wild at heart at
that point oh okay um so yeah it's just
just like a bunch of chickens running
around with their heads cut off yeah
that's the great thing about the final
episodes David Lynch comes back to
direct it be like immediately writes
everything yes Oh anyway why did you -
Nadine it's and it's such a harsh turn
when he comes back you can see
immediately him writing and just ya know
the first episode is him writing
everything that they spent the last
several of his Oates fucking help yep
but just like it's also very clear like
indicator of his directorial style yeah
just because it is drastically different
nice did you ever you're ruining
everything I'm doing this half-ass I got
about third ass into this Hussein
Wildheart is the shit movie you're glad
I disagreed well the party Wyler is
great here see that Walter I don't much
care for David I know that's the way he
is he's polarizing I get we're doing
yeah it doesn't think it's like him
people say oh you don't like if you
don't get it I'm like you can get it
just not like it right I I'm fine too
bad I love him and that's fine that's
it's it's almost as if we have different
things that we enjoy I do really love
well at heart Willem Dafoe in that movie
is so amazing but you have to like
certain things you have to learn certain
things right that's you know once that's
true just like there are certain things
you have to dislike yeah - yeah you're
obligated you can't have your own
opinion of anything this is that's true
that's true
usually I usually stick with like
whatever opinion uh is really popular at
the moment I try to do the opposite of
that
oh yeah until the opposite opinion
becomes popular then you go right back
to the first and it always has to be an
extreme opinion either extreme love or
extreme hate preferably there's no
there's no greater yeah I was just gonna
say what what do you mean there's no
other thing everything is the best it's
ever been or the worst in the world
that's the Internet you just summed up
the Internet
yeah
well hack or fraud I'm glad that me
reading your comment is the high point
of your life oh no said but I mean what
you should probably do is just you know
gone the world man just do something
anything nice a nice hike like if the
weather is even halfway decent ooh
that's right I'm a pro hipster oh hello
Draco just subscribed thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
should have an obnoxious song to play
every time somebody subscribes I worked
my baby
I love Magellan no you know what I tried
to do I pulled an audio clip of you
saying what the fuck and I've got a
little program for open broadcaster that
every time someone subscribed that would
play but it broke my computer one day
Rich's voice broke your computer maybe
it was Richards voice I didn't try any
other audio thing no broke the stream
one day when I tried to do it I gave up
on a guy ok I'm sure it would work
Oh someone says yo rich yo what is the
worst comic you've ever read hi
oh wow I don't know I didn't think about
it anything involving the Spider Man
Clone Saga nice a clone spider-man oh my
god god yeah ok yeah they destroyed
spider-man yeah not only do they clone
him they like cloned his clones and
there wasn't a Spider Man for a while
but then it was the real spider-man but
then it wasn't it was a whole thing I
was comic books yes
also the shit that happens I'm also the
deal with the devil to end his marriage
oh my god really yeah yeah yikes
yeah they're not fun to that alright why
not she's good because she's handed me
one of those things
so you know she's good everyone in the
program everyone that gives you one of
these part of up like a plot thing that
happened oh well they're all good to go
reaching here you think yeah I'm just uh
you won't do this you know oh I didn't
know if it was different every time
no it should be should get that makes
the the events really easy to get
through because you know what happens oh
oh yeah that makes me like this game a
little less a little less yeah I agree
with that statement
but but I mean lack of replayability is
not a top priority for me for games I'm
sorry let me rephrase that that wasn't
great I just said the thing I wanted to
say exactly opposite strike that
reverser
replayability is not my top priority
with games it's an added bonus if you
can replay a game but it's not super
necessary
I saw someone asking about they're
asking me to explain the monkey man
short but I think that's more your area
Ridge that's more Mike that's true like
putting me in a costume and saying dude
do feynman Sisson do things be funny but
I mean as an actor what was your
motivation I hope I can stop doing this
so yeah that's the best motivation
that's really funny by the way no I did
I never said I hated guardians of the
galaxy stream did you say you didn't
think it was amazing I said have you
said anything less than amazing then
that means you hated it oh this is trips
were we right back there and now we're
back there again I said I had some
problems with it but overall it's a very
enjoyable movie yeah but I had some
problems with it and I also thought it
interesting that rich and I have very
similar opinion Yamin thinking that
there are more problems and we're
comic-book people and and you invites
him to enjoy every hour in your movie
people mister and I thought that was an
interesting thing yeah I mean I just
watched his movie right and so it's fine
everything's fine I think the one of my
favorite things about Guardian is the
giant floating skull in space oh yeah
that planet the planet that is just a
hollow skull yeah
spew an old movie they don't sign of
everything you don't lead a jillion yeah
lots of variety to stuff you know what
I've read that is Jack what Celestia so
that's you know the Celestials are oh
you know no you know what I never got
into the Marvel space stuff they'll get
home Marvel space universe they're just
gonna go fuck itself fine I don't care
I just want mutiny see I want mutants
and spiders man's we're not going to
play five nights at Freddy I'm sorry
which one is that again that's the
that's the one who that's like the
Showbiz Pizza bear oh that's right and I
saw someone sent me like their
playthrough of it yeah and as soon as
they started playing it I knew exactly
what the big scary twist was supposed to
be and it was end it was that thing I
don't rich what do you feel about scary
games howdy I don't like them I've never
been fond of horror in general horror
games or movies and bugs not my thing
okay click on the right thing stupid
thing though um I know I get it though
does the showbiz Pittsburgh yeah I guess
oh I have to play it now because of
Showbiz Pizza burn yes then I might win
my stream but at some point just to get
ever gonna be shut up
nantan and you know I've just her games
to me have never been scary I don't I
don't scare that easy I guess I or it's
just like I can know what I can't
disconnect I know I'm playing a video
game
yeah this cannot hurt me I've gotten
scared playing video game before you
have yeah I see I'm checking numbers now
I'm just kind of sad that's oh it's
really sad no uh like I've gotten scared
when I've been playing FTL and my ship
is about to blow up but you know nice
real film
I'm a big fan of the the original thief
games okay and uh there's a story
apparently other people who've played
the game the first
I've had this experience if you play the
fungus game you play like I get I can't
do this and talk sure if you play the
game and the first the first mission is
just a straightforward burglary and you
sneak into this guy's mansion and you
steal us this priceless thing and you
get out then you get the sex in sex
second mission you're supposed to break
into somebody out of prison so you're
going through these scary minds and
there's these these corpses on the
ground right you come up by this
elevator and you turn around the corner
and one of the corpses pops up and and
growls in your face and I immediately
jumped out of my seat back pedaled in
the game just naturally I hit the
reverse spot and I fell down the
elevator shaft where I was eaten by a
giant spider at the bottom of the
elevator shaft Olerud yes that's really
clement and apparently this has happened
to more than one person I'd like it a
long time ago I was that like a threat
on the floor like yeah me too oh it's
great
I think that's funny Freudian slip sex
mission that's funny
everyone heard it - great great
what I have a rich ISM yeah yeah are you
when you're saying the section we kind
of said it a little bit so he's at sex
section sex section it was funny you
know it was funny and I think everyone
appreciated it appreciated it
oh we just got bombed what I don't know
did you let him in did he have all his
paperwork in our I don't yeah that's
that's like a scripted thing something's
gonna blow up that day okay I don't know
is that confirmed that James Franco is
playing Tommy was so I know he was
producing a right way boys what is this
the James Franco has a production
company and they optioned the book
rights to the disaster artists and
that's been used for a while now but now
someone's saying that
James Franco's plane Tommy was a
terrible icons awful the one complete
Tommy was so but Tommy was so I know
interest in see it's Tommy Wiseau isn't
a boring stoner he's a weird foreign man
James Franco is at his best when he's
playing weird characters that's when
he's actually a pretty interesting actor
but I don't see him as Tommy Wiseau at
all I see this mouse is like a bad
impression but yeah it doesn't look like
he doesn't the physical like physical
feature you the city large almost
hunchback ugly guy you need Tommy was so
unique
Tommy why starting a new movie about
Tommy so when you cast him as himself
and you would act horribly in it it
would be great like that's what you want
or that guy from Python - oh we've shown
a team is a will soon that's the worst
coming soon yes appear - I tell me what
so but yeah I don't want to see James
Franco's Tommy so I think that's a
horrible idea is no that's not confirmed
that was someone is saying yes it is
confirmed I knew that he was he on the
movie rights to make I didn't know he
was playing Tommy was so like that would
be terrible
yeah yeah any interest I had that movie
is now completely out the window just
read the book instead it's really good
hmm it's been confirmed for a while
people are saying
sucks that would be terrible stop trying
to make dave franco happen
by the way you're totally right bagging
that kid I dislike looking at him that's
James Franco's little brother yeah I
think I've seen him I think he's in
Superbad for like a second I don't think
I've seen him in anything else no he's
like made this career I'm ready to start
Mexico oh my god oh my god hold on
everybody
we have to stop talking Dave Franco what
are we doing here
let's take it we're gonna take a quick
commercial break and boot up XCOM we
will be right back I'm gonna be bent