XCOM Enemy of my Friend (Part 2)
June 25, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fMr3g6CXho

I want to alter rich evidence that is
then it's just creepy that's a little
weird
you know one Ds guy his name is dick boy
sir is he talking about like like me his
child is that the elder of you as a
child or just things could have turned
out so different is that the sugars
pizza bear are you dick the birthday boy
are you the showbiz pizza man here we go
here we go
what why can't I overwatch you did you
woman what's going what's going on oh my
god people are growing nuts of the pizza
bear I can't now yeah well good then
they're subscribers that's the thing
that all these subscribers oh oh here's
why you can't move yeah that's your
sniper yeah snipers have to shoot first
they can't move and shoot well I want to
over oh so you see you can you could you
could do what you could switch to the
pistol and overwatch with the pistol but
the pistol does dick damage sure but I
mean it's not like I can shoot you might
mildly annoying alien if you're lucky
sure okay oh okay aliens are moving now
for that reason yeah always move your
sniper last okay that's good to know
all right I'm going in we're going in
we're going in hot we're going in heavy
faces and shit that show up in the chat
everyone so I don't know how you do that
I don't know I don't know how people do
that I know I don't care how they do it
I swear oh the hell they're supposed to
be okay all right
Roger all right going in going in we're
fucking going in - oh you got nothing I
know they find nobody in here
well you can lean on you can see there's
nobody in this main area right well I
bet I'm still oh you know I know you're
you tell me to take it easy this is a
store that sells TVs and couches right I
doesn't know that makes a fair amount of
sense yeah all right here we go
I didn't you didn't move your sniper
last year MJ oh shit I forgot already I
know I know okay now which one which one
can - and move at the same time then
well you don't want to do that unless
you can actually yeah you okay that's it
that's got it
oh so you can only use once you do that
it's like two terms before you can use
it again okay so you save that for when
you actually need it well I want to
check out what's in here I wouldn't open
the door in this term I'd wait to open
the door I'm breaking my rule no no I
know it's just you're being so
incredibly stupid
oh no I also have wasn't gonna bring it
down this turn I'm just kidding I'm just
gonna move everyone you you do what your
will and everybody in the chat can have
a laugh yeah sometimes the best thing
for a person is to just do something
really really stupid I know there we go
we're gonna kick down this door and
there's gonna be nothing in here I know
that to be true rich Evans would you
start a movie called dick damage and all
the character does just shoot dicks um
I'm assuming this person doesn't know
about the are Robocop
really our Robocop remake yeah look look
up Robocop and shoot dick off our
Robocop remake yeah and she got remake
shoot dick off that Simmons is so
amazing annual you'll have a fine night
fine night yeah
just watch it over and over it's so
perfectly done it's so strangely
arousing whoa just changes everything
now oh oh okay moved in the room oh okay
yeah yeah people left it's just an odd
cover to tape we were exposed to what's
on the outside of that door it's so
weird
put it in so weird you're so weird Dex
someone keeps saying that if you die
they're gonna force you to watch Frank
Stallone movies for a week straight but
they're saying that like it's a threat
that would be amazing I love Frank
Stallone okay
okay all right never move you in here
and now we're on this little room
together so hopefully no one throws a
grenade in here
do they have grenades there's some
unlike the ends I have great these these
little Grey's that you get early on see
billions are gonna start ramping up at
some point these little greys are like
little scientists guys we're just going
about their business right they're not
really soldiers sure so they don't have
grenades sure okay so we know that
there's a number for years before you
move out the door yeah open it you can
open it without crossing movement oh you
can yeah Oh see this I did not know yeah
just by pressing hey it looks like it I
know what I do with a mouse but you're
using a controller and this is alien to
me sure appropriately I see that it only
only two of them on the two we can that
means you know that means you can
fucking take them wait wait so Mike what
kind of shot you have without even
moving around him oh sure I didn't even
think about that not a good one okay
okay can I go how do you get to the
other no no I'll tell you this just
business is nothing this is not advice
this is just a technical thing because
you don't know these things huh that's
you're heavy they have a rocket launcher
you can only use the rocket launcher at
the start of the turn you can't let's
like the sniper you can't move and use
the rocket launcher so if you do you get
one shot of mission but you'd have to do
it before you move so I'm just letting
you know that yeah sure okay sure
okay so seventeen and thirty seven
percent that's not good
no get out of here so we're gonna move
over here we're gonna move one guy over
here to cover
yeah okay on the goods I what is what's
his special he's a rookie he has no
special okay good
guess what look now here has probably it
says full shield but they they can still
hit them right Nick yeah it's it's not
annuity sure I don't want to go over
though Oh where's oh hi rook no no okay
I'm thinking it through her I'm thinking
it okay
how glad you did that I think I'm very
glad you did I know I know
hey okay so we're gonna move the rookie
here and we're gonna see what their shit
and then I'm gonna oh I know what I want
to do okay I know what I'm gonna do so
here's my sniper I can move my sniper
here you can but they won't be able to
do jack shit I can't reject you in any
way but I'm just saying they can shoot
with a pistol they can't use a sniper
rifle why not oh you can't move them
shoot gotcha gotcha okay well then I'll
just move her here for next time
unless they can hit her they can hit her
well yeah but then she's just useless
like a queen you gotta move the Queen up
to use it
I doubt it I'm doing it what what you
could do is hunker down yeah
or you get shoot with the pistol I'm
gonna hunker down okay we got 49 what
events pretty good but I could I mean I
could I could frag but it's just two of
them well I can't say anything no don't
say anything
I'm gonna try I'm gonna try I'm gonna
try to hit him okay all right that's
fine that's fine
what do you do for tea that's even worse
yeah only XCOM will teach you that 75%
is bad odds
and you gotta know where you got nowhere
to be and this is your your your shear
salt guy so he does have the running
powder
I don't know I don't know if that's
useful here so I could so theoretically
you could run to the far one and fling
him in theory I could - like right here
well you could yeah but other alien
would kill you on the very next turn if
you did that sure but I can I could -
you could - there I could that's right
here and shoot you sit out of this alien
yeah if you do decide to use a running
gun yeah remember to click on it first
sure then do the move but use the power
before moving I can also move him over
here yes you're good you could
but I need to click on the run and gun
furnace ok navels need to fire but
nineties items after dashing can I open
the door after I - I think so
wow that's me you know what let's find
out so I'm gonna do that I'm pretty sure
you can I'm gonna - here because that I
have full cover and I'll flank them I am
trying to be very silent but I kind of
like that okay alright I'm thinking so
now if I open the door yeah what's the
other guy had 70 well fuck it let's do
it ah boom not bad that was awesome salt
this is my favorite class in the game
the assault is the most versatile class
in the game man
all the other ones want you to use
specific weapon later the heavy ass used
machine gun the sniper has to use a
sniper rifle the assault can use an
assault rifle or a shotgun okay there's
a lot of different interesting buildings
you can do with an assault I just don't
know like obviously I mean I just don't
have a good shot but I'm not what will
take take stock of your inventory what
can you I have you conveyed you can't
use anybody else right no he the other
guy shot already in the lady moves so
like this is my last minute so I could
hunker or I could use a grenade and get
rid of them
I know what I would do um here's what
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna push
out a little bit and use a grenade okay
I don't want to because I feel like
that's cheap but I also don't want
anyone to die yeah what there's nothing
wrong with cheap
you have to stay Oh
all right then that's what I'm doing
once once that soldier is dead she's
dead
she's not coming back oh right this is
that is exactly what I've done okay all
right and that's what I thought you
would do that's why I did it
w w re d yeah okay oh I only have one
turn to get to that chant get it now cuz
they're also the aliens came from that
direction it's the thing don't - don't -
well her Jevons do not - what about
hunker down is it a good time to hunker
down rich Evans would hunker straight
the fuck down
honking down is very useful honking down
honking tell me about girl hug down
twice a week if I could all right and I
know that's not the proper grammar yeah
okay what's your shot like 20 how is
that possible your your art well for one
all your guys are fairly well ranking
right and you know the aim goes up
specially cuz you got randomized she
probably had shit aim to begin uh okay I
am well we don't worry about you yet so
how about you rock where can you move no
we're good
like here's a full cover but you're very
close you know I I know exactly what
well I know you know what exactly what
you would do it like my heart of hearts
I want to - over here
oh my god 100k okay you want a - over
there yeah I know what you're showing
your hand - I guess I shouldn't do that
all right let's see here let's see so
weird fingers I know I know I know how
to handle essential well sure but this
is my I know playing the game all right
all right
not over there all right all right well
so I got this guy just needs to get in
the game you got to get in the game dawg
see I'm I'm bout to silence somebody is
telling Jay to tell jack settle down
everybody that's always telling me to
tell Jack to remove the skeleton Jack
remove those skeletons oh yeah
can I get the other guy yes yes Chad I
know that's that's exactly what Jack
should do what Jesus Christ guys are
exactly right
oh you guys just settle down settle down
for one hunter sucker down for a minute
we're just gonna hunker down for a
little bit Oh No oh hey no come here
remove aliens what a friend oh the
Allspark the old swarm you couldn't
throw it
such try and throw it a little bit
further in my chair you see what you see
why things get highlighted yeah the red
things are what's gonna get blown up all
right the yellow apparently that's a
friendly fire object yeah so if you can
I can do in such a look there I think
good no I don't think I hit him oh yeah
wait right now I do okay
what thing
oh I probably can't get to in time you
know begin huh you can't now okay well
then bugger
was that all the aliens no apparently
not
oh so close okay no cars yeah very
deadly cars can be definitely okay
during your turn you see car of this
flame coming out of the hood yeah don't
be I'll be anywhere near the car at the
end of the term okay as it will blow up
the beginning of the next journey okay
that's good to know
you stay in one over there they're just
talking about the other transformers
three and I'm thinking about it it's
making me laugh well you know you gotta
love children this hero and I you know I
think the ideal thing to do is to have
him shoot somebody who's begging for
mercy in the face
children I children's icon who talks
about peace and and and desiring peace
and friendliness more than anything who
does the voice of up those problems
something :
right yeah Peter : Peter : do you think
II read that script and it's just like
paycheck yeah yeah yeah that's all you
thought that's all I care about
so can I be next to this car an hour no
it's on fire so well I think it's okay
it's okay
alright there's no fire damage that you
can't move on to a square that's on fire
sure
okay we're gonna now we're gonna start
moving our guys over here moving our
jams
check check out this area you doing good
Jeff did it was that the right that was
right that was the right call
yeah I wouldn't get there I knew I'd get
there eventually whose idea was it to
watch all three do you remember we were
talking about the transports for and not
wanting to have anything to do with it
yeah I said well why don't we just watch
the first three all at once oh okay I
couldn't remember who came up with that
I'm glad that people are enjoying it
because it's certainly wasn't fun to sit
through you were saying how nauseous you
fell yeah it doesn't end up in the video
but I was genuinely feeling like sick to
my stomach at certain points okay yeah I
was getting like a headache still
probably on the other side of that
building oh oh I see if there's a jam
over there
oh damn it now I wasted all those
movements that's okay that's okay
there's nothing you not the time yeah
well what some good we do there's more
Cutler's cars over here mm-hmm but
there's also more building cover over
here so let's head around this way
because why the fuck not
well you can also go through the
building how I suppose it's just like
you know it's one of those things for a
second we've already been in the
building that's fine if you want to see
new areas I understand I do understands
cuz what if I could what if I come
across a nice little jam that I want to
do me Jack if you just change the gems
to a John so you get some wonderful
sponsorship deals Jones everybody likes
Jimmy Jones
I'll show Jimmy Jones for a buck for a
buck one lot literally a buck you buy
that Frank I really need money okay
you need that sweet
give it give it at Jimmy cash alright
somebody on the shad is giving you
advice they say go kill the aliens oh
yes thank you thank you huh
that's live you're probably right
alright alright guys I think we're doing
well you're doing well if you're going
aren't doing well nobody is dead yeah
nobody is injured you're doing fine
posted that building just blew long cuz
your things were on fire oh you want to
be covered taking you wanna be covered
you want to be careful taking cover
behind things that are on during or near
summer that's burning because they might
collapse briar and that'll leave you
exposed okay hey Jack win the game can
you win yeah okay that's it seems like a
weird question but I didn't know if it
was just one of those like Oh like I
must run okay you can delay the end as
long as you want but victory points yes
okay are there any games where the
outcome is always going to be horrible
like the world's going to be destroyed
or something and the only game is to
what
oh you're baiting me the same mass
effect 3 aren't you no no I'm simply a
game where it's gonna end bad for the
earth or whatever and the goal of the
game is not to prevent bad things from
happening even just to prolong them as
much as possible there's a game there's
a flash game I forget what it's called
or everybody's dying of some horrible
disease and you're like a scientist and
the thing of the game is like you can
choose whether or not to spend time with
your family or work on a cure oh that's
interesting and supposedly it's Riggs
that you can only play this game once oh
my god man it's like I've got a cookie
or something oh you can't play the game
ever again see that's interesting yeah
and and pretty much every ending is
terrible
all right that's nothing taketake I'm a
six-time - if we got who's wonder what
their powers are what their items are I
am I got a plan
okay I don't know if it's a good plan
that's fine it's something that one
someone saying that game is superman 64
that the but like you know we were
talking about that last week like what a
good like superman game would be and i
was thinking about it and it's a lot of
this where it's like superman has to
choose who he helps right it's just like
the important thing about a superhero
game is feeling like the superhero and
so here you have control over all
helping all the world but you have to
choose to only help some people yeah
and that's like Superman right yeah some
sort of moral dilemma game yeah I'd be
interested in someone and then and then
it's like if you don't help a certain
country they get pissed at you or you
just you just have to watch the news
ticker of like a thousand dead in
Cambodia because Superman was in Germany
it shouldn't about having like a a
difficult challenge
I mean feeling like Superman means
feeling invulnerable but if you'll be
feeling invulnerable to you know like
bullets you can say sure feel the feels
I'll go with that I'll go with that
okay I'm gonna get you right over here
no that's not a good place oh we can get
you here one chance is the game yeah
that's it and that's a flash game that's
online I think it's a flash game online
yarmulke I don't technically flash or
something else but it's a browser okay
hi I see you fucks what are you doing oh
it's my immersion oh that's that's good
that's good see you know if you take him
out the other one dies okay good yeah
we're just gonna get my we're gonna get
my ladies a little closer
oh hey where you going so what's your
strategy Jack what are you doing so
here's my plan you know I got I got this
guy over here right yes and he's my
flanker and so I'm gonna get there's not
a lot of cover over here unfortunately
some maybe but only there's only two
aliens oh I have a rocket launcher but
the fuck am i doing I have a rocket
launcher this lady has a rocket lot know
this lady
there's someone saying stream me playing
last chance so maybe we can do that in
the future oh yeah I would be genuinely
curious to play this game okay cuz I
could just throw a grenade - they're
both melded why not
oh okay
oh no okay I can only hit the wall you
only need to kill one oh yeah so it's
like I know the guy who's doing the
merging and the merge II dies okay and
we don't know how many groups of aliens
are in this level no I imagine this is
it well they're fuckin I'm just gonna
throw a grenade at that both oh there
might be somebody else in this level
then sure don't go near the cars don't
go neither cars cuz they're on fire I
want to find that other see what I would
have done slightly different but yeah
and I don't I don't disapprove of what
you did huh I probably would have tried
because you had the other guy within the
grenade range I would have tried to get
a flanking shot to kill that guy no way
you could have got the weapon fragments
too but what you did was perfectly fine
sure you know now but now I have to find
the jams right the UH you're probably
not gonna find it at this point
currently time down yeah oh yeah yeah
it's not right core they are full time
down
okay so we got fine the rest of the
aliens oh I said the levels not over
unless the turn will end no some glitchy
reason but yeah yeah well it's ed over
here then you know we can see I thought
that would have been everyone but
my guess for me yeah I guess it was only
six okay yeah there's more
probably the aliens fell asleep from
boredom somewhere no come motherfucker
welcome to our no you know what if you
can't appreciate X come next coming more
becoming undoing Jack's playing well and
I am playing very slowly because I'm
sorry yeah so so I could definitely see
that well if you know if you're playing
classic difficulty right you're playing
it slow right so you're doing everything
right you guys wanted this is basically
what we're saying yeah you guys want a
classic all right so this is your hey oh
yeah there are still millions here I'm
not near them I got here though I see
those cars blow up yeah well that's good
then my my guy can go along that route
now cuz they're all blown up now yeah
you want to be at least one that happens
you want to be at least one square away
sure okay well now let's try to move out
here and see if we can find some aliens
some pathetic cover by that garbage can
I mean that's all I know that's fine
it's fine okay okay he's just a rookie
and that wall blew up so you can't take
cover against that wall that's fine why
is it building staying up I don't know
that's a good question right
let's just hate that there's no cover
out here but it's like oh I'm dashing -
no fuck that play it safe can rich play
XCOM next well I don't know that I can
because I think I would the game too
quick no it's true he's not it's very
good
how many hours do you have an ex-con I
don't know exactly right this moment but
I think it's 500 oh my god yeah a year
no well couple years no Leon we have not
watched the rollerblade seven yet I
gotta get him happy of it I don't think
we have all right there did you order
one jack I didn't order one nothing I do
they just don't know about is this
that's what Frank Stallone Frank so oh
yeah like a rollerblade injustice force
okay all right now we know where they
are
yeah I love the sound waves they're very
very helpful yes okay so they're in
there somewhere I don't like that though
let's um let's take this jam why you
stick him up there and see if they're in
that building or the next one
yeah let's oh I can't look in the window
yeah I go here Anna rich have you played
the Mass Effect 3 extended ending I just
why you know I didn't bother to download
or to just watch videos and did you give
up after you play I can't even carry I
can't even play the first two because
the whole series feels like a funeral
march oh you said you were trying to
like replay it I tried replay the first
one after the fact and it it just feels
depressing
you have with us you drive with a
shotgun no I just say the traffic idea
in general right I know you could I can
take my should stop and ask whether or
not you should sure it is such a this
let's do it but you know it's not that
it's not the worst no I'm gonna take you
know what just for scheitz and goggles
I'm gonna take my sniper guy up there
cuz you could run along the roof and
then like jump down and one behind
somebody is not the worst but I am was
giving you shit - yeah I'm gonna take my
sniper lady up there just because I
haven't been up yet go up oh look she's
climbing on nothing if the mass effect
of one of whatever they called the the
altered ending they didn't really change
the ending they just kind of explained
their bad ideas in more detail not at
all satisfied
I'm happy with this I didn't play a
little bit of XCOM the bureau it's
terrible
rich stop being a backseat gamer yeah
you're right
no no did you call me out on that that's
fine
I have asked rich to be a backseat gamer
mostly for the stream because if it was
just me like I said I tried this morning
just to make sure everything was running
smoothly playing this and I lost on the
first mission I lost all of my people
cuz I didn't know what I was doing
yes you will you should go ahead I'm
gonna answer a question here okay I
never played mass spec should I play the
first one I just never touched the
sequel's
if you like a good story yes the
gameplay itself has not aged well and it
wasn't great at the time but there is no
better story in most movies some great
characters so yeah I play the first
maybe even the second if you don't mind
blue balls cuz you're never gonna get a
good resolution to make that cliffhanger
but it's still a good game Richard ever
played Minecraft no I have not would you
consider playing it on the show uh yeah
I could certainly playing that at some
point that's an older game isn't it my
crime at this point is yeah I thought so
backdoor gamer back to her camera
that sounds sec door mayor backdoor
gamer mera no three is not worth playing
but the ending it's it's it's it's it's
a lesser game all around it really is it
really is no so even the disappointing I
mean aside it's not that great
I know it's it's actually two action
eight oh yeah yeah they cut down on the
dialogue options you have less control
over your character which is really a
selling point in the first two games all
right we know where you are now I say to
no one in particular they're in here
they're at away would you play Red Dead
Redemption on the show I know go play
gun on the show I love Red Dead
Redemption it's the closest you're gonna
get to uh good the bad and the ugly game
but but I mean the show we we are trying
to do newer stuff I mean
I wouldn't be against maybe possibly
streaming it someday but not not that we
have any plans to do so right now I was
wind Reed being the winner as being win
I don't know I started just doing wind
noise for the awkward silence and then
that just turn into weather in general
all right okay you know what that's very
fair enough
all right coming back now hey but I made
it up on the roof Shoop all right come
back down
this and overwatch alright forget it
jack you're gonna get I'm getting it I
got I got a good plan over here we'll
have this one that's probably one of the
launderer Misha's late mom I wanna see
mission maps in the game I can't believe
this is taking us so long maybe it's me
universe problem is you haven't hunkered
down enough oh you know why you're
probably all right look there's some
maps were they're small enough you end
up activating like every single alien
and at once and it's a nightmare
they're over here somewhere finally
found him finally found him alright
alright that's okay that's okay
you know what they got no no no you're
the worst rich I can't hold it
yeah it's alright you know yeah it's
okay rich you know what they got they
got nothing there we go now we got eyes
on them they got nothing you don't even
know how much nothing they got guys to
move you do you have any no not you not
you you do you have any movement left no
you're all in you're all in orange okay
so let's go back to you
I'm gonna figure this out okay okay I'm
gonna figure this out so that was my one
movement over there so I could just go
into overwatch and if he tries to he's
light I'm gonna let you know that right
now are you alright makers there's
what's how do I know he's flanked see
his shield yeah yellow yellow is flanked
you see you see the cover yeah you see
where he is you see where you are
oh I'm totally you are totally flaked
okay well then you are really easy what
we're gonna do okay that's fine so when
I have that yellow shield yellow shield
that means you work late
that means I'm fucked you are fucked
okay guess what then boom easy peasy
no longer fucked alright that's good to
know somebody's saying run run run red
pill or blue pill I don't even remember
which did which reads all the matrix
yeah somebody submitted well I think I
don't remember either I mean probably
red stop blue not stop right maybe seen
that move it Vegas is blue is well okay
would you stay in the matrix or would
you leave I stay the matrix really only
only if I kept knowing it was the matrix
because then I'd be like then I'd be
like super athlete I'd definitely stay
in the matrix they also all right here's
here's what my hair's all I have a merit
I would leave the matrix and then I
would get to the city of Zion and regret
that decision for the rest of my life
this is what the real world's like it's
a bunch of rocks and some rays what is
this jungle it's a fucking because
you're you're you you can still be hit
when you're behind behind full cover but
I'm behind a wall and so you're
technically peeking out to leave how I
suppose okay all right all right
he's not dead be glad for that I am so
he can sell you didn't even see him so
he can see you you can't see him right
that's a weird thing yeah but I got this
fuck I do okay alright so what I what
can I do over here not much
oh do you have a supergroup no you don't
have a supergroup bidden to sing don't
stay in that's all I said Leon is super
worried about his character by the way
Jackie yeah Leon is the one who got hit
okay ba no wait it's not hit Leon's
right there that's Kenobi I did not
kenobi one of the other oh yeah no oh s
is fine aren't you Ricky hit me very
much like a promotion well you know what
I'm still very worried what do you got
my my initial thought I don't know where
this alien is which is obviously a huge
downside well you know you know he's
shot at your guy right yeah so you know
he's not on overwatch
oh so I could move here and probably get
it pretty clear shot at or at least see
where he is
yeah and then if he's if I'm fuck
thinking I was going to run away
I can hunker down either run away or
hunker down okay I would run away red
well Oh No look at this I got him well
49 percent ooh the thing video game is
there a thing video game there is a
thing video game I heard about I don't
know anything about don't think it's
very good I heard I know what exists
okay okay I'm only in half cover I
believe it takes place right after the
John Carpenter okay so are you Kurt
Russell and you're sitting out in the
cold
I think you are I think that's how it
starts oh really yeah like rich can I
just move here and shoot him in the face
you can isn't that wonderful
I mean I'm totally oh yes you can all
right I'm totally gonna do that then so
now I'm here no I'm gonna explain
something here just a little bit of X is
a great great no all right you see this
100 percent chance to hit yeah she has
70 percent critical yeah all right when
somebody's flanked you get a really good
chance to do a critical hit
I forget exactly what the numbers think
when I don't think it's quite twice as
much damage but it's like half as much
as like one hundred and fifty percent
damage on a critical hit now go to
somebody else we go back we're still get
sure okay we're still good ship nowhere
I just want take a look at the other guy
Leon
okay now go to his point of view see the
critical 10% nailing it in cover you
only have like a 10% chance to hit it
just goes it jumped up like technically
it only jumped up I think 40 minute 40%
he's dead I know it's just funny I fail
I'm gonna shoot just want to show you
critical that's okay oh thank you okay
all right you got zero melt but you got
eight kills and you got a I believe Leon
got promotions Leon let's let's find out
what Yardley sssss back to the middle of
America the cornerstone of civilization
as we know it I'm just gonna keep
offending her where's sonic spot is
there any sort of Bob just escaped from
New York video game or Snake Plissken
video game I mean there's probably a
mess one I don't know no that might be
oh well I wonder if I carry sleevee
Snake Plissken this game needs to exist
if it doesn't oh it's this play deploy a
smoke grenade of once permission the
smoke confers plus 20% damage telling us
not to sell another doesn't last through
oh that's great hey Leon you got some
good stats dog sir Gibby's wounded Oh
God he's not dead he'll be back so that
his name is appropriate surgery so give
me gunshot the lady I'm sorry sir
oh I got a medal
oh yeah these are new to enemy within
okay I can go to the barrack you can you
can give a medal to an individual
soldier and there's a limited number of
metal spawn and they have each each one
has some kind of different special
effect these works have heads five
minutes okay because you got because you
got engineers there's an award for this
mission that happened eight years ago
because that map is so large right now
that you have engineers you can you can
start building workshops workshops give
you more engineers okay great for
engineers so so the two continents that
you didn't say because you can only pick
one panic increase so let's continue
this is totally the Superman game go to
the Situation Room because that is open
to us now oh wait but we can now honor
our soldiers we we can listen to them
talk oh you can't hear I'm sorry okay
but so now okay you can you can take a
look at what the panic is for each
country all men South Africa's all fuck
South Africa's fuck so if we get a a
satellite or we're going to get one at
the end of this month I'm building it
right like if you put it on South Africa
yeah that'll knock the panic down I
think it's too okay but once they reach
critical panic and they leave can we get
him back no oh okay so you ex-con
finances visit the gray market well good
to all get to all this stuff um you can
go you can go to the crime market now or
not probably not gonna use it right the
second okay go there you can sell things
real members of the council you collect
oh no you got to keep in mind though you
might need some of the stuff to build
things like like god-like weapon
fragments if you watch this movie
research like the laser cannons you want
to build laser cannons huh you need so
many weapon fragments to build them
right so you got a figure a factor
between what you want to build and how
much money you by the way they're only
paying five gue petite lives for a sec
toy corpse
bloop any gloves like an probably a
million dollars is it I don't know
what's a glue pretty classical pretty
glib
I'm assuming it's like a million bucks
okay I'm assuming all right so there's
nothing much we can do in the situation
room yet
no well I mean this is just so you can
keep track of what's one okay
actually with enemy within once you get
them I forget what they call the bad
organization's name but that'll be later
phone we if we even get to it all right
all right you know what let's let's do
this let's take a little break any group
Brady Brooke we're gonna get some waters
and we're gonna run a commercial and and
I'm just gonna not have these headphones
on my head fur you guys love commercials
right okay I'm just warning it I just
warning you that I'm like oh boy that's
a good temper breeze I think it's a good
time for a break okay guys we will be
back in a couple minutes in juvie juice
we're not
okay guys we have fresh beers we've
eaten chips I'm in the middle just got
crazy shit got crazy y'all you know not
so many chips for Eaton's you know we
begin be getting jiggy with it y'all
know there was a semi driving by from
ways and a whole pallet of chips just
came crashing through our wall
you guys okay wait so what do we do now
I don't know
rich know what's going alright let me go
to my Barret spin cuz I think I get two
Oh medals I get to do a medal look okay
let's see here you can't rename the
metal or everyone she call it the
fuckface badge of dumb huh Jimmy Jam oh
one Olien asked a big long thing where
did that go that he's very grateful that
his character survived and got promoted
yeah I can't no word it OS on you're
doing God's honest work jack
that's true rich you keep backseat play
and Jay I want to hear more obscure
movie references like shut or the
Citizen Kane of movies directly did we
say that do we say dark man was the
Citizen Kane I did see that somebody
from last room saw dark man for the
first time because we mentioned it in
the stream fun dark man is amazing I
don't know I don't think this is a
terribly obscure movie that I just
watched a movie called enemy starring
Jake Gyllenhaal it came out last year oh
yeah and it might be my favorite movie
in the last few years that's fucking
great is that so long if he comes back
with post with a PSTD no it's a movie
where he is this college teacher and
late one night he's watching a movie ha
ha and he
he's an extra in that movie that looks
just like him and so he tracked them
down and gets kind of obsessed with them
and then there's this interconnecting
thing between the the him and the other
hand and their relationships and it's so
fucking good
oh yeah it's really creepy like I was
like nervous and unsettled throughout
the entire runtime they kind of gave me
the feeling I get when I watch a David
Lynch movie it was so good enemy enemy
yeah where's James you know it's a
little abstract but and not in a way
where there's meant to be any sort of
like clear concrete explanation of
things it's it's yeah it's really good I
like that Jake Gyllenhaal now whenever
somebody gets a Jimmy geminal I think
there's like five that can get headed
out the total yeah it will be this power
oh okay so +5 to defense or +5 to aim
against enemies and full cover yeah
don't defense you go with you know what
defense okay all right that's it this
might call the main leave only counts
got counts against enemies in full cover
and you should be trying to flame gonna
be some full cover in the first place
oh I didn't think about yeah this is why
we have you here rage alright this
lecture is permanent it cannot be undone
boom are you gonna see undone just made
me think
did you see the the great school kids
performing the sweater song and failing
none pletely oh my god is there
something reason yeah it's it was a fire
recently it was I'll show it to you
later because we can I don't want to
like pause this dream to me okay so now
I can award the medal to someone so I
promise it is you got the injured guys
go down to the bottom of the list you I
don't know okay yes I have seen this
must be the place I like that movie a
lot Sean Penn's really good that sir
gimpy is assault and assault is the one
that cannot that's one the shotgun that
condition and shoot I thought that was
Leon well we all support
and what's the heavy have you got the
rocket launcher and the the chain gun oh
if we give it too heavy then just to be
our tank yeah yeah I'm gonna let you
make this decision that's gonna be that
yeah Kenobi Kenobi gets it I mean Abby's
the tank he absorbs all the damage who
is that that's the soldier that got the
pollution Oh
forgetting whoreson guy who's that
commander you just gave her a medal hey
well I haven't seen him in a while so
yeah whatever fucking okay great great
so now everything's happened until we
can go to the Mission Control and scan
for activity and for activity oh shit oh
shit oh shit what's happening your
research got done troops so we can
transfer what my team is able to
accomplish and how do you suggest we do
this dr.
to say I've just completed confirms that
the aliens physiology is quite similar
to our own a highly concentrated
electrical jackass listening very
intently sorry guys a couple of people
or maybe the same person over and over
as met asked about the raid redemption I
haven't seen it I haven't seen the first
raid I know I have to it's supposed to
be really great but I haven't gotten
around to it yeah I hear really good
things about that the raid and then yeah
the second part came out earlier this
year find out what they want
oh he was just really easily convinced
Bruce likes aliens I don't want to catch
aliens alive well I guess you okay all
right I'm a highly ranked military
commander and I see absolutely no value
in catching an enemy alive sir are you
sure about that okay you've convinced
that was literally that whole Sam
Bradford has to be the record where he
throws out the dumb suggestion so that
other people can explain the plot sure
okay you never want your researchers to
not be researching that right silly
capture live anyway that's okay so these
these are the objective because you get
you get objectives as you go through the
game okay so the first thing you need to
do to progress the plot is you need to
capture an alien to do that you're gonna
eventually need to build this thing
which is like you need to build an alien
jail okay okay
facilitative am I suppose here by rent
okay great so no it's it's what to
research most so so there's the arc
thrower which is a priority of Aaron
well we'll go through this token that's
stun gun basically oh oh I get you you
know where you have your grenade yeah
this is an inventory item so instead of
giving this little drawer grenade you'd
give them a stun gun sorry for you
capture so you can capture an alien okay
there's weapon fragments alien materials
meld and the autopsy the meld I guess
it's not urgent but let's talk about the
fragments and the alien materials okay
these basically weapon fragments are
gonna lead to developing better weapons
okay
the alien materials are going to lead to
developing better armor okay
I'm gonna let you make this decision but
I'm gonna tell you and that's one should
probably be one of those Stewart so you
don't think we should build the stuff
we'll have time by the time we get our
fucking prison built and sharing lap
time so so basically I have to choose
between an attack and defense yeah I am
it's it's the first step on a research
tree that will get you better guns are
better Armour sure I am usually one for
defense okay just because I'm usually
pretty bad in the game so I want to stay
alive longer okay and so I'm gonna
choose alien materials
oh wait there some dialogues yeah I say
studying us
the fact is going yeah you know if I
were listening to this I could probably
speak along with her played this game
okay great okay great okay great okay
great okay great
