Friday the Birthday Dick (Fan made Game)
November 9, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eno8xf0T__E

back would you have shot first yeah I
would have shot first what are we
talking about what do we tell you what
are we talking about
all right Olin we're gonna get um we are
gonna get this going here there it is
let's see if we can get this working I'm
just gonna keep this like binding of
issac background music working going how
do we do it enter escape nope
okay guys how do I make it work
Oh
begin the nightmare yes cryptic hold on
it needs outdated stream if now we're
playing Friday to birthday dick this is
a fan-made Oland I mean bird you're
playing
we are playing a fan made game a fan
made game
someone made playing drove course oh oh
that's funny
Oh hold on I'm actually doing stuff in
binding of issac so we need to quit
binding of issac so we no longer get we
no longer get the cool binding of issac
music but same pad works great and rich
is not back yet I don't know where
riches riches is getting some dinner
apparently okay so here we go this is a
fan-made game Jay this is great
celebrating riches birthday by the lake
that's right Jay what a wonderful day to
be alive nothing can spoil today that's
a pretty terrible rich Evans impression
but oh wait rich comes back so he can
read it for us it'll be great
it'll be great I'll get that air off the
screen cuz that's gotta be annoying
Rach are you back yet
which is yeah okay well what a wonderful
time to be alive nothing can spoil today
should I be reading my lines well you
were god I didn't know when your kind of
bag I know rich this is hilarious yeah
it's cute
this is hilarious okay well you can read
this line I'm done shooting my fool hold
on I'll do it
oh my god well I know oh my god okay who
lost it but oh no Showbiz Pizza berries
eating children I must stop it using
lessons of life an instance lion brain
oh my god this is terrible
this is ter I mean this is great this is
hilarious this is a fan-made game
someone made after our our nes horror
game where we are playing as rich Evans
and the Showbiz Pizza oh my god I can
shoot this is awesome
so I'm playing as rich now rich do you
know how to like change characters use
there's a button you could switch them
at any time
I don't know you don't know oh well I
don't remember we use the controller all
right yeah all the buttons and see what
happens oh you're gonna have the
pitchfork already yeah oh look at this
look at this fun there's the pitchfork
comes out backwards here can I uh I'm
gonna try I'm gonna try using this
newfangled thing called the keyboard
but you can do it in the map menu I
think Jack in the map menu yeah oh
pretty sure that's here we go
okay so here's rich okay I get it here's
me looking a little pixel me that's
really funny so where is it where are
they in trouble does it say well rich as
the pitchfork so we should be raged
actually I'm throwing it backwards
that's funny yeah is that funny grab
your crucifix this game needs sound I
know I know like whoever made this thank
you this is hilarious let's make this
let's make this a thing did anyway did
everyone get the download link to play
their very own red letter media
adventure I want to be me oh of course
you guys gave me the pink shirt thanks a
lot jerks
oh man this is hilarious and like my
love glasses as long as Jack's gonna be
playing as me I'm gonna be backseat
gaming that plane is Jack he can do
whatever the fuck he wants oh my god I'm
getting oh wait oh the children are in
danger yeah that's one eat whatever he
gets to the end of the crucifix thing
the one - yeah yeah okay then children
are in danger at the end of that and
then you have to go on fight show miss
beat summer all right rich you're pretty
close so you're gonna go and fight the
Showbiz Pizza bear okay fucking ash yeah
well you have the pitchfork so you can
kick his ass the pitchfork is badass
oh you moved pretty slow though oh
that's really funny your character moves
slower than I do
mm-hmm that is funny come on go go go am
I getting closer
Oh 38 seconds 35 seconds oh my god you
can run out of pitchforks mm-hmm oh no
I've made a terrible mistake
you kill me jack I'm gonna be pissed
I would be pissed if I killed me too
but we're gonna do this we just need a
better weapon come on oh no my going
away from the children now don't know
I'm failing rich we're gonna lose looks
good looks like you're playing as Mike
all that is your problem oh I changed
character somehow oh that's I changed
characters like in menu how did I do
that I don't know you know what I don't
know what I'm doing but we lost the
children well the children I'll go back
all right
look at Jay no no oh yeah Jays
permanently lost in the woods right yeah
yes the same screen over and over yep
they're in this dream Jay got lost in
the woods and so they made this good oh
he can't he can't even go anywhere
whoever made this deserves a medal this
is hilarious
okay well let's uh let's see what Josh
is up to Oh Josh is dead Josh can't move
in here okay Jessi oh oh it just sees in
her bumblebee costume oh and she can
super-jump look at that I can Jessi's
super jump why is that her power you
should know that in games the girls can
jump is that a thing ever since Mario
two girls jump good ever since Mario two
girls jump that is not a thing you are
making you are making stuff up play play
the Lego games yeah oh well the girl
characters jump higher okay I believe
you
B four better lock your door oh my god
this is brilliant this is brilliant you
guys where is right can i where am i
what's going on okay you zoom up
I'm just I'm just Jessi and we're just
oh okay I was hidden behind another
character I actually I think I want to
go this way five six grab your crucifix
I just so you know Jack yeah first time
I played this yeah I beat no pressure so
no pressure no pressure no pressure at
all oh oh I get it there's a oh I have
limited ammunition okay I'm seeing it
now I'm seeing it now Jessi should have
moved like she moved in co-op up nine
ten better sleep bud can never sleep
again okay where are you are you jerk
okay kids are in danger of course
furthest away from anyone okay Mike's
gonna go get him my cousin Mike has a
knife I'm moving the right way yeah Oh
heart I got a heart Oh Mike why does
Mike get a lot this might get a heart
with everyone he kills uh is Mike an
overpowered character they all have
different attributes I don't remember so
far everyone I kill with Mike I get
something so he might have like
increased bond drops or something errors
here oh my god I think I keep looking at
the map to make sure I'm going the right
way because I'm not terribly sure how
okay here we go
okay I'm gonna fight I'm gonna fight him
oh god he's right here ah
Oh get back in there you jerk oh I think
I hit a kid with my knife
I definitely hit a kid with my knife
that's fine they're fine everything's
fine
oh we got a what the fuck I'm there sigh
able man ninety-two thank you for
subscribing right now oh I beat did I
beat him did I win
nope I ran away it takes several he gets
harder the children say you saved us yay
thank you big English man yeah they said
big English man the big English man oh
my god by the way I think right now we
are we are the top streamer we have a
top streamer for Friday the birthday
dick and by the way yes this does feel
this seems like it's much easier than
the original game somebody made its oh
that's right Junior that's great lost in
the woods it this is super great josh is
dead he's lost in the woods
alright let's let's be Mike again and
see if I can build up his health elope
where's the pizza there oh my man 92 if
you sent us that movie I can make no
guarantees that it would be featured on
best of the worst but sending us a movie
it does what it would give you a the
movie at least a chance to be watched
we would make that call before we film
an episode what do you want to watch I
don't know let's see what we got that's
all worth yeah yeah and you know we try
to of course we try to theme episodes so
you know they all make sense together
you Jessi's got a pitchfork any are you
okay
Annie are you okay you okay Annie you've
been hit by you've been struck by a
smooth criminal
Duke I'm a pretty good singer you don't
need to worry about it we watch Bible
man I think I think everybody knows what
Bible man is though yeah I mean I mean
you know I mean would it be worth doing
cuz it's it's a known entity yeah and I
don't know if it's bad enough you know
like it's cheesy yeah yeah the question
is is it bad you know and I don't know
maybe now I have smooth criminal' stuck
on my head and we're gonna get a
copyright notice because I'm just that
good a singer okay all right
showbiz is about to spawn I have all of
my guys strategically placed around
Crystal Lake Camp map that's some
strategy Jack I'm prepared I plot I
applaud that yeah I'm prepared I'm ready
to go
Jessi's jumping and where are you gonna
show up where you gonna show up show biz
you ain't got shit show biz children are
in danger oh man and they were right
here and Jessi has the goddamn oh yeah
Jessi has the pitchfork which shoots
backwards but that's fine fine
everything's fine come on show biz you
ain't got nothing you ain't oh you're
gonna throw an ax I got it I got a
pitchfork
I got a pitchfork that means you ain't
got nothing this is adorable this is the
greatest thing in the history of mankind
this is good this is an achievement that
rivals landing on the moon
you got slightly too far I've gone
slightly too far but right now what I
can say is Jessi just destroyed the
Showbiz Pizza bear with a pitchfork
which is not a thing that you can say
normally Oh God you saved us yay thank
you farting bee
you know who needs to play this Jessi I
think I see what the real yeah it's okay
Jay needs some better ona I keep
forgetting that Jay is stuck in that in
the yards just that okay Jessi needs
something better weapons now yeah like
you know I keep going through all my
guys being like oh you know we should
build up weapons and build up health
yeah yeah but you know it's like Oh J
doesn't have any good weapons oh he's
stuck in the woods
he's relegated to Easter Egg really I
love it I love it
attention to detail right it's one of
those things he's got a knife can I fool
Duke come here big red guy I think you
give better drops all right well you're
dead no knife drop this is actually
difficult while you're waiting for
Freddy this is a nice person switch to
switch to Jay while you're waiting
oh oh I didn't even think about that I
mean kind of cheap but effective hey you
do what you're gonna do you got to win
you gotta win already be I missed that
joke oh hey Mike has a knife I hope he
shows up near you rich if you have a
pitchfork I did beat him with me then
that was exciting you have a pitchfork I
have an axe Jessi and Mike have knives
so I'm pretty happy with that but if he
if he goes to you and then where we are
said where are you oh there they are
okay oh so I'm hoping he goes up there
but yeah I'm just gonna just gonna have
junior run around in the woods I do
wonder if there's like if there is an
end to the woods somewhere that would be
funny well somebody said you can't use J
cuz the timer stops Oh
devilish yeah yeah he thought of that
you did that's which I gotta give him
props all right well then we are gonna
work on getting Jessi a better weapon
and that's good but if I can get more
pitchforks come in that red guy
oh good yeah
even more knives just more ammunition
yeah mono oh my god this is a good way
to do it Oh axe axe
perfect okay Jessi's got an axe both
children are in danger over there
Oh Mike with the knife
Mike's closest but he only has a knife
I'm gonna do it okay all right come on
Mike you can do it
think of the children Mike sorry Mike
gets insane drops actually just gonna
hang outside that oh oh fuck I went to
the wrong house oh fuck
god damn it no time for hearts only
better weapons we need better weapons
Mike over powered it doesn't jump that
high I think that's supposed to be the
balance but he's sure Oh ex ex ex max
he's still got a lot of drops yeah he's
got great drop and Showbiz Pizza Bear
has it as oh I thought that was a
chainsaw
it's an axe get back in there Mike you
dink oh he's got a machete that's what
he's got
oh he's got him a shetty and a throwing
axe
fuck you showbiz shit oh my gosh issue
of is yeah
yeah you ain't got shit I'm missing I'm
missing oh god Mike is almost dead I
don't I know you're ahead of me here ah
Mike's not doing terribly well but I
think I think he's gonna be Children's
well Oh No
I just lost all of my it's lost all of
my axes how many wasted jobs that's okay
we're gonna ship stones yeah yeah we're
gonna check chip damage out here Oh show
this piece of I says no I am dead and
rich says the Showbiz Pizza Bear is dead
and we saved the poor children and Jack
says what a wonderful Jimmy of a jam
what a wonderful finish and birthday was
mm-hmm and Michael's laughs right jack
Andy who has anybody seen Jake guys guys
what screwing around guys oh no the
Showbiz Pizza fires are gonna get Jay in
the woods it's just a like Oh and a
jump-scare
excellent excellent game and yes a fan
did make this game yes do we have a
witch what was his name damn because I
don't remember no he was on the forum he
posted it there but I don't remember his
name and he should get credit damn it
yeah I don't I don't know I'm not in the
forum I downloaded it here someone
someone find out who made this go to the
forum and tell us who made this because
that was great that was super fantastic
who made that game goddammit headed to
the forum right now Johnny Law says it
was hello Darren mm hello Darren mm
thank you very much we're flattered that
was super fantastic that was really fun
by the way how like we just played that
game like a week and a half ago I know
he put that together fast how fast are
you that was intense that's been up on
the forum for like a week Bryan almost
right I think it has been way out last I
don't know if I want to play outlast his
name is stocky stalker s'en that's funny
now that was great
that was super oh is that no no that was
an allegory Oh
download it from the link in our forum
if you want to get that yeah yeah anyone
can play that that was really fun it's
got a thread in the red letter media
miscellaneous form hmm the time we got
11 o'clock
yep fuck you I really
