Mario Kart 8 (Multiplayer with The Stream (Part 2.2))
November 16, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsvDwsr3x4g

and we're back and by we I mean me
actually rich so I've taken some time
I've accepted all of your friend
requests if you request now it's too
late
I wanna let you know that rich is going
to grab a bite to eat but he will be
back very shortly and I took some time
accepted all of your friend requests and
refilled my snack my snack this time is
a to women by nuclear spur and company
and it's very tasty
Jack give neko Cola sub hype oh did rich
miss as a subscriber neko Cola thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
so yeah rich went out to get some food
I got a snack now we're gonna play some
more Mario Kart you probably want to see
Mario Kart there we are that makes it
better
I beyond infinite whatsup indeed
no no FTL today just just uh
this mario karta damn rich does want to
talk more about Piderman create them
online what do we need here online with
friends all right guys I'm creating a
room now let's go
and we'll start with no DLC courses but
eventually I'm gonna move to DLC courses
because I want to play them I'm gonna be
me maybe I'll change my card up this
time
this car was pretty badass I also really
like these I really like the look of
these this is pretty good I'll do that
I like that the the look of the older
carton oh look everybody came I'm here
Maya thank you
oh man how many of us are here for them
well I think this is all of us great
okay let's play around okay I don't have
cc I'll see ya all Marvel Star race
so these are the rules
okay great
this is gonna be great hey everything's
gonna be great let's do donut Plains or
whatever you want to do it doesn't
matter that's the great thing everybody
gets to choose their own course and it
chooses it randomly everything's great
about Mario Kart name some more games
you consider art that's a good question
I really do consider games art I think
Shadow of the Colossus which was the
game that we talked about on Wednesday
is a fine example of games as art that's
that's a tougher art piece though but
like B the isolation the the facing
giant dark monsters you know kind of
like a fighting your own sadness thing
is is the the theming in Shadow of the
Colossus is beautiful obviously that's
art okay all games are art the real
question is which games are high art
right yeah yeah and that's that's a
tougher question to answer sometimes
Mario Kart obviously are not
I think that's a good name zark the
question is what games do a good job of
handling kind of abstract themes and
ideas through game play and I think
something that someone gained that does
it really well is Metroid Prime all the
Metroid games are great but Metroid
Prime has a really great like
overarching theme of isolation and
mystery and they they do a really great
job of showcasing that food the gameplay
mechanics I know you're coming after me
that goddamn boomerang and I don't want
any of it
leave me alone Metroid Prime is just a
good game in general if I've never said
so on stream let me say so
I loud now get out of here with that
goddamn boomerang
there's some other games that have done
it really well kind of putting me on the
spot here but that's okay you can put me
on the spot yeah
is that the start is that the start of
the end hoppers you've got damn ass I'll
start hey hey yeah yeah that's one nice
is it okay
okay okay getting close here getting
close here see and now rich isn't here
rich isn't here to see how I'm doing
maybe rich was the real nice feel good
about that it was rich obviously it was
rich yeah all games art even the Kim
Kardashian Kardashian game is art it
might not be high art but it's art a
baby what
oh are you guys talking about other m
god damn that game that was such a
disappointment stupid game
it's called a babies cry because it can
be heard by everyone fuck you game fuck
you babies cry other M yeah rich went to
go get food sonic I get you know I don't
you know sonic of course sonic is art
its art I don't care for but it's hearts
right anything that expresses an idea or
concept through a specified medium is
art advertising his art
it's not good let's not get caught up on
what is or isn't art now question is
what's good art what's high art what are
games that when you play them make you
think and/or feel a game I have not
played but I am excited to is Silent
Hill - I hear I hear very good things
about Silent Hill - I've never played it
because in general I don't got got got
got gets camp everybody everybody
everybody hit me in general I'm not down
with horror games but I feel like most
horror games relied too heavily on jump
scares but I hear Silent Hill 2 does a
does a good job on that front so I am
interested in play oh oh I stole your
star I stole your site I didn't even
know you could steal stars I feel pretty
good about that I feel pretty good about
that apparently you can steal stars by
the way everybody dad here get out of
here
okay okay sorry playing tap banana I won
right into it right under that gut
dampen yeah get are you banana
come on come on go go go I was feeling
really good about this run until until
like two minutes ago I think it's good
that everybody's trying
I think that's great I applaud everyone
for trying their hardest but you know if
you could let me win it would make me
look really good in front of everyone
else so just saying oh fuck you who
bullet bill Oh fucking dick dick oh I
had them I had the super mushroom and
bullet bill fuck me uh whoever that was
oh I did I was having a hell of a
comeback I was having a hell of a
comeback f fucked that's all right am i
art Jay barman from Jay Bauman's beard
of course you are art pong is art right
the idea is that you're playing tennis
do this one
maybe Pauling is an iron I don't know
he's got a space gob is a high art I'm
just trying to think of other games like
cata Katamari Damacy is another game
that that handles its overarching theme
of like consumerism and and hoarding and
you know just the idea that people hold
onto too many items the overarching
theme of that of Katamari they handle
that in a really beautiful way
collecting all the junk and making it
making it stars just stuff you look at
you know making this stuff you look oh
fuck - oh my god
I apologize dream I fucked up a
superstar
fucked up the SuperStart so you know
stuff like that
is what makes games to me really fun is
when they can handle an idea or concept
in such a highbrow fashion that's those
are the things that to me give gaming
real it real credence as far as being a
an art form that should be taken
seriously other games that meet this
criteria it's hard it's very hard for me
to think about right now just because
I'm carding I'm murió curtain god damn
you bullet bill but what Bill has it out
for me I don't know who you are until it
bill but you got it out for me
and I'm not psyched about that
okay
trying to think of its it's hard for me
to think about games over over the years
that I have really felt strong about in
a meaningful way like this you know I
think now before everyone gets crazy I'm
gonna say this I'm gonna say Pokemon
mostly because I really like the Pokemon
but also I think that they have a they
have a general message of companionship
friendship and and care for others in
their game and that is stated through
game play you know the collection aspect
the be general like the care of your
creatures of your monsters
okay now that wasn't I think they handle
they handle their themes fairly well oh
I get to people of Bill oh good I get to
fuck some other people up then all right
good
yeah now you know what it feels like
ain't so fun it ain't so fun okay third
I can deal with the third okay man also
forcing small animals to do your bidding
thank you oxygen no bull c'mon is not
about animal abuse you're supposed to
you're supposed to develop a bond with
all of your Pokemon that's really fine
talk like Michael Caine more I will
eventually I will know hey I got in
third place that time not in 11th place
rich have rich Evans is high art
absolutely
you know what I didn't play X&Y; I did
not play pokemon X&Y; yet so I cannot
speak on the high art of Pokemon X&Y; I'm
not on drugs
unless you consider alcohol drug which
many people do so yes I'm on drugs that
are hard this is this to me is I'm
really glad actually rich is not here to
hear me be arty-farty
with games rich is rich does not feel
the same way I do about games and art
and theming and how how things make you
feel but I'll I'd dig that kind of stuff
I think it's really nice oh I'm really
glad we could have this talk without
rich when he comes back well we'll get
back to you know farting and pooping
although all the stuff you guys really
like
yeah ah bad Demick you got me you got me
you fuck
okay okay okay back in 11th place 12th
place okay you'll have a place we can do
this we can do this this is a really fun
course
mom okay I'm sorry stop talking about
for a second because I was racing games
as art as art I know you guys thirst you
guys start saying the ones do you think
in a chat and then I'll read it's hard
for me to think right now of games that
are there are games that handle their
there are games that are not high art
that handle their particular mechanics
but rather well you know I need a
platformers that I love like Super Meat
Boy and you just play Rayman Origins
that's a great game Raimi I know right
now is a great game and they handle
their their platforming mechanics super
well I wouldn't necessarily call them a
high art but you know something like
something like The Binding of Isaac
I think handles eighth place damn it
handles their are very well you know
it's about about desperation about being
lost about just running for you and
fearing for your life it's about it's a
lot about it's actually a lot about just
like fearing for your well-being because
the game is so brutal and hearts are so
important where you spend most of the
game having such low health and just
fearing for your general well-being
being in it's a game about oh no rich is
calling and embracing which is calling
sorry rich I'll call you in a second
I'm ignoring rich for eighth place I'll
take it okay I'm coming rich Kevin H I
was in the middle of a race so I was
ignoring you for a second yeah just try
to chew away from the microphone move
your mic away from you and try to move
so we're just kind of wrapping up people
were asking other games that I thought
of as as real real artistic expressions
and I was listening a couple example I
was just moving on to a game that I
can't stop playing right now a binding
of issac which you know you spend most
of the game with very low health lost in
these in these dungeons not knowing
what's around the next corner and that
goes along with thee the general theme
is of course you're running away from
your abusive mother and so the parallel
between like fearing for your own
well-being and not knowing what's going
to happen next is is very real and
strong I feel so all right here's what
I'm gonna do guys and I'm giving you
fair warning I'm going to leave the room
and start a new one to see if we can to
give other people a chance if they want
to play I'm gonna leave the group and
start a new group so other people have a
chance to play if they want to that's my
idea and this time only DLC pack the my
my question that I posed to you as far
as No More Heroes is concerned is in any
games as our discussion is how do the
game mechanics mirror the theme
No More Heroes is actually about gaming
the main character no more okay he
represents gamers like in general he's
he's a nerdy guy who is not aware of how
nerdy he is oh oh hold on hold on hold
on
wait rich rich although they're saying
they can't hear you
