Mario Kart 8 (Multiplayer with The Stream (Part 1))
November 16, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2kYdu1LpLY

ah look at this shame of that silver
trophy and yuck was asking me how I feel
about our TSS I've talked about that
before I not not that fond of them I
don't like I don't like the juggling act
I like I like turn-based where I could
take my time but Jack how do you feel
about RTS games have you ever played an
RTS game uh yeah yeah I'm I'm fine with
them I usually get bored they're just
too hectic to me because you gotta look
which different sections of the map and
you're handling things as they're like I
don't guess we had it oh wait if I
choose if I choose the DIA I can I can
either have 32 courses no DLC courses or
40 courses includes DLC those of you Oh
big coffin hunter thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it if I
choose the DLC if you guys don't have
the DLC can you play that's my question
that's my question to you guys I don't
know the answer to this the end and if
it is do you guys have the DLC and do
you want me to do that one I have the
DLC did you
what's this garrison which is that the
guy you think for subscribing
this one I'm this one boobie sandwich oh
wait I know is there a new one cuz I'm
scrolling I'm scrolling around and I'm
no big okay nevermind big big okay I'm
gonna do the no DLC just to make sure
that everyone can play
okay I'm gonna be me
everybody be your Me's - cuz that's
funny this is a pretty good car oh we
got one already some people are here
hello
I don't know if you can hear me do we
sandwich your name was said because I
was scrolling around and I misread
something I thought you were a new
subscriber yeah
disregard but you are subscribed at some
point in the past the only thing you
should ever say in these as I'm using
tilt controls because I think that's
really funny
okay I think we're just waiting on one
more person and then we can have a good
a good round right or do we need ten or
twelve I don't know anyway you can have
we'll see we'll wait a little bit longer
I'm here all right there we go I get
sick self control it's great we got
another one
dude harbour thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it what lost in
Technicolor is asking me what I think is
a science question rich do you think
we'll ever get off with it I can plant
it again I don't know that we will at
this rate forty years ago now they're
just in no rush it it cost so much yeah
to send a human being to another
planetary body that I don't know that
they ever will they'll just keep sending
probes we're never gonna we're never
gonna get off oh I'm going to die that's
my answer to that question
Oh oh yeah sorry guys I didn't know what
I wanted to suggest so I just picked the
first one suggest any course you want
I'm using tilt controls that's my
favorite yeah I know I think we're gonna
get off do you think a rock do you think
we're gonna land something on Mars in
our lifetime you do yes
I'm doubtful I do I do I believe I
believe there are herbs and flows or
what do you what do you call it when
there's like back and forth motivate
that there are hills and valleys as far
as our scientific research goes oh shit
here we go we're starting rich and I
think that right now we are in a bit of
a Down slump and it's a multi-billion
dollar price tag and the return on that
investment is a handful of rocks yeah
they found gold on Mars maybe yeah but
it's not just gold they just need to
find one thing like one thing that is
worth a ton of money and all of a sudden
everything's there everything and
everybody's there if they find one thing
that's worth that's worth something
right fuck you lightning bolts
somebody's a bullshit that's what I have
to say about this but I would I would
like to see humanity go out into space
I'm just I'm being pessimistic cuz they
constantly say Ryan Mars yeah we're
gonna wave got planning another 10 years
they've been saying that for 40 years
sixty-eight yeah we'll get there we went
through a big with certain government to
administration's we go we went through a
big anti-science time recently and we're
still kind of reeling from that no I
don't I don't think the Conservative
Party has a candidate not like not like
the Liberal Party has a candidate either
but I don't believe the Republicans have
a good enough candidate crazy worry
about putting Bibles and schools yes and
by the way people are overwhelmingly
sick of that conversation a lot of time
fighting so that society doesn't go
backwards yes no but I think we're all
ready Maya fuck okay third I could deal
with third I'm okay with third you know
they are a little bit they are a little
bit hey congratulations Brian that's a
good victory that's a good victory well
opening up now see if anyone else wants
to come in
let's see what do we want to do here
what's a nice course all these are nice
cozy who you know what classic Miriam
she's gonna get into a full political
thing ie I typically do not like taking
sides in politics I hate talking about
it I no matter what party you're in I
think politics are just a depressing
thing and positive charge so I'm not I'm
not here to start up whose party is
better than whose party think I'm no no
I am you know what I will put in a man
the more on Mars I'm sorry I think we
can all agree on that maybe and you know
what maybe that's the more important
question is how important is it that we
have a man on Mars no it's not important
all for thee it's a huge future of
humanity in general it's extremely
important mm-hmm that's fair enough
that is fair enough I were getting
started here race number two
oh you Donkey Kong mother fucker
I rich I'm going into serious mode all
right I'm going into serious mode I'm
going into try just wanna let you know
that I'm well I got third chair the
worst your man Woods on the wall sick
third okay no birds no okay income and
last like some other losers Canada's
beating you a second ago oh my god oh
they had a Canadian Mayas in front of me
she's American my is killing it I think
it was Brian or Frank one of those got
me last time hearing the first last name
so right now I'm rocking second feeling
pretty good about it
gotta see if I can beat Maya here I
don't know if I can she's got a sturdy
lead and I am I'm not getting any good
items I was holding on to that that
banana for so long oh sorry Maya
I'm really sorry we're all watching this
now this is serious me this is a serious
competition oh this is some hard yeah
well yeah this is this is my reputation
right here and I think you know people
people are a little more people are a
little a little more competitive you
know when you've made bold statements
like this and I'm you know I'm okay with
that I welcome the competition I think
it's great I think it's great but I also
think that I'm gonna win come on come on
come on yes
oh I got I did get a little bit of I was
in second place and I got three red
shells so obviously a little bit of a BS
power up there so but hey Maya that was
a really good race I two more for the
circuit and then I think more people can
join in yeah everyone now everyone's
just saying that they'd let me win come
on come on give me this somebody's
somebody's telling me to tell you accept
your friend request and I'm going to
assume that that your box is full that's
why you're not accepting for us no no no
they just must have done it after we
started screaming I I've been accepting
friend requests all day we oh no not
stain steaming okay okay yeah rich we
have a new subscriber on ty deild thank
you for subscribing I or maybe maybe
it's lower case all that's supposed to
be an eye and that's tie-dyed I don't
sure Brian Brian you think you can get
this
he got me last time that Brian I'll tell
you what Rach somebody he's on my list
co-op Isaac Isaac it is but I thought it
was local only co-op and it's not real
co-op you can have someone locally grab
a controller or the mouse and keyboard
and be like a little familiar and but it
takes up a heart to do that come on
I got two of them in front of me now so
it's not the food
oh no no I actually I've seen it played
co-op and it looks like a lot of fun but
you know there's a thing there's a cost
to it and I believe like I said I
believe it's local only co-op maybe so
maybe they're asking for that for the
next group stream fuck fuck fuck what
did I get hit by Brian fucking Brian
Oh blue shell I got a blue shell in
fourth place that's great that's great
news
I'm in fourth place though rich well
it's only the second life I got another
one wrong and an 11
oh fuck you yeah we do oh I'll see where
the night takes us obviously I'm playing
Mario Kart so I'm good playing all night
but you know that's up to you how long
do you feel like watching us I guess is
the real question
come on go go go go go scare yesterday
yep you're it's scare I was okay
cleaning up the apartment I've got some
visitors coming in this week and I
couldn't find the ps4 yeah I could not
find the ps4 I that's fine left it in
the car and that's somebody you know
broken at the car stole ps4 and I never
noticed until yesterday but it turns out
it's it's a studio it's just sitting
around and cuz I left it there after we
we finished with alien isolation cuz I
didn't have her any reason to bring it
home immediately
hold on rich hold on oxygen oxygen is
saying rich Jack his name is space cop
is a sub you miss to do the thing his
name is space cop I'm sorry miss you I
did not hear this
thank you for subscribing I'm looking
back in the in the I don't even see it
in the in the chat I'm really sorry his
name is face cop but we really do
appreciate you subscribing thank you I'm
just I'm talking to Jack on the Skype
and I'm not hearing the what the fuck
so if I'm not looking directly at the
chat right so thank you for pointing
that out
thank you
oh no I don't know it's on the pad for
400 our piece of hardware I thought I
lost it Jack was that a student where
was it and I left it on the table
geez of course cuz to them they just see
like a big dumb black box sure sure
oh my god yeah I would freak out too I
would absolutely freak out to untie a
final race another shamisen first time
should I give him another shoutout
I mean yeah give anyone thank you just
because you feel like you're special me
jams under there sure did rich she sure
did Alex I know I know
LJ and rocks 42 wants shout out because
it's the birthday tomorrow
well you're not a subscriber some nope
oh good
terrible bristle that's terrible but I
guess technically you did give them a
shout-out I give them so we're gonna
have to allow it that's really funny
get out of here
get out of my jams oh you bitch you son
of a bitch I don't know which one of you
did that but I'm gonna fuck all of you
now they're just fucking with me reg
they're 100% fuckin with me I'm in
seventh place not only is my family
shame but I am ashamed but now I'm gonna
get some sweet-ass power-ups oh and we
have another what the fuck yes rich oh
my god we have another 69 subscribing oh
my god oh my god fourth I can take
forward somebody's asked me if we
discovered a wormhole near I had
scrolled up and missed it was Jupiter
Saturn do you think that would get
mankind to explore that that wormhole
and no I think they would still just
send probes to it you're not gonna see
people being sent through that anytime
soon even if a wormhole opened up next
to Jupiter
yeah yeah
oh my god so I kind of won but that's
great ah so you know I still want a
whole thing a hollow victory because
yeah I lost so many but I got first in
one and I what that first place must
have been even been good that was fun
I'm using tilt controls can more people
join now I think we might have room for
more people I don't I don't know a chat
asked if I would like XCOM more or less
than it was an alien franchise game and
the honest answer is probably less
because then you'd have melee only
aliens and less variety I mean XCOM has
chrysalids and they're basically
xenomorphs already so you would actually
be taking things out of XCOM if you made
it an alien franchise game oh you guys I
left the room sorry about that so I'm
just gonna create a new room oh sorry
now this card seems to be doing pretty
good for me oh sorry about that
everybody I was hoping I could lead I
could just find a way to invite more
people on but ask rich what if the world
is in Uranus well you know grab my gosh
of probes up Uranus what you know you
know I pronounced it when whenever we're
talking about that planet I try to
pronounce it that's great you know
it's because if I pronounced it Uranus I
will put that space in there and
pronounce it Uranus you know thank you
for subscribing what's the status on my
yearbook photo do you remember that um
yeah I do remember that we haven't
gotten anything in the mail yet but okay
now there are eight of us I think I can
start the game now what are the numbers
there will it happen uh it could it
could happen in the next couple of days
as far as because because that was your
will do it if we got if we got one
thousand dollars in one month you guys
see my my high school yearbook photo yes
and I believe I don't know because I I'm
never sure how much we're getting every
month and twitch payments are a few
months behind for some reason but I
believe a few months ago we were you
know doing it doing well with
subscribers and ad revenue so it might
happen soon and then you know also that
would mean that we have enough to build
you a new PC
oh my god I wasn't paying attention and
I didn't get the start off boost rich
you asshole you dickface you should be
and I got hit by my own goddamn green
shell everything's terrible right now
okay come on power-ups we need some of
these super power-ups now three green
shells really this is what you're giving
me three green shells I know what it was
it was I who said that like this Scrolls
so fast I yeah I love Russia too much I
am very glad to have turned you wanted
to X come who XCOM is just fantastic I
am glad to proselytize yes any any time
we get a message saying like oh I
started playing FTL cuz I saw you guys
stream it I started playing some things
things I like but I don't think get
enough attention I was for the word and
what other people know that these nice
things are out there it feeds the
cockles of our heart getting shit items
rich I'm in last place and I'm getting
shit items oh you know the the Richard
Evans show biz it's a bear photo the
classic one with me and my birthday with
the shirt yeah somebody posted that on
awkward family photos calm know-it-all
so I haven't had a chance to talk to you
about this it made the front page of
Reddit under the WEF subreddit that has
been making these unrelated to red
letter media that has been amazing to be
internet rich the shame the shame rich
no I got a tea place I got last place
it's already done no shit happens huh ah
I feel terrible but you know what fuck
it we'll do it again
we do it again well fuckin do it again
that was the shit run and that happens
sometimes let's do this one okay yeah I
know the the rich Evans dick the
birthday boy picture has been making the
internet rounds lately and I love it the
fact is the fact that I love it cuz
related to red letter media it's
interesting it's big ya know apparently
the guy that submitted it to the reddit
like just has never heard of you and
just found the picture somewhere and
yeah I think it's great because if you
think about it without knowing you that
would be a really weird picture even
knowing you that's a really weird but
you know
okay okay okay feeling better feeling
better about this run what's what's my
favorite prime number seven
you sure why yeah I mean it kind of a
hipster response man I don't know I have
no idea I have no idea who's speaking of
hipsters one thing I definitely wanted
to talk about was the the episode the
cut upstream of me failing at playing
the AVGN game went up today on YouTube
and Jesus Christ people have been
knockin my dick around because I didn't
like that game uh and it's just I didn't
like it man like what am I gonna do
would you even say you am I gonna play a
game no no I didn't we get it like not
it's not just about it being a standard
platformer it's about it's a standard
platformer filled with terrible jokes
like I don't want to do that come on
come on you know like I'm not into AVGN
sense of humor and listening to all of
those jokes in a game that was kind of
subpar I'll fuck you up fuck everything
oh I got super fucked
I just got oh my god a vgn references
when we're not especially huge superstar
fans in the first place - perfect right
that's the real thing and so it would
have been a bunch of references that I
wouldn't get a bunch of jokes I didn't
care for a game that was hammered I hope
everybody is watching me know I got
crazy fucked I got so fucked at the end
there oh my god oh yeah did you see that
ah straight up
Fox absolutely that was terrible are you
guys just saving all your power-ups
until the last laugh I would really I
think that would be really funny okay
ooh the classic MooMoo farms rich okay
here we go here we go here we go we can
do this we can do this
of course I'm keeping my eye and all you
fuckers now I need to get one yeah I
need to get it mean you need to get
theirs not play dirty
you need to use all your power I don't
know I don't know Mario Cart whatever no
there's no real way to there's no real
way to play dirty I guess I don't know
blue shells red shell stars Mario Mario
Kart is all about playing dirty
everything about this game playing dirty
to you to you it is to me it's about
it's about the skill of a drive man
somebody saying will happen to the
original sonic stream can't find it
anywhere
build these things that that should be
up on YouTube huh that was my fault I
saw that banana a mile away as
absolutely my fault
fucking banana oh fucking fuck I don't
know where the original Sun extreme is
it should be up though sorry if any I
will check on that how did you do it
yeah absolutely in the middle of it in
the middle of race yeah you just drove
right into the banana jack yeah yeah
that was my fault that was a 100% my
fault
I cannot get last that's what I can do
here I cannot get last no come on come
on come on come on you're in ok I got
7th as they shed oh I have shamed myself
in front of the street that was a really
bad thing happens maybe they're just
better than you that's that's probably
true scream dad together ok I'm just
gonna send the best people on Jack I'm
using tilt controls yes thank you
everyone for spamming man I love that
that's my favorite fuck so yeah where
was that
oh we were on AVGN yon sense the other
thing is I don't know about you rich but
for me I can tell pretty quickly whether
or not something is my thing you know
usually I will be honest you should I
give it more than 9 minutes but pretty
early on you get a you can get a sense
whether or not a game a movie a show
will be something that you enjoy minutes
that organ trail would have been a
better game to stream oh sure well
listen and it's not like I didn't trust
you I like like I said in the stream I
really thought that was something we
should have done for a group stream
after playing Oregon Trail as you were
absolutely correct
okay dammit
everybody's that's given group streams
we don't talk about that everybody's
other games if it's an interesting game
but stream did people involved with
what's going on in the game
it's probably better to do that at a so
I am gonna go ahead and agree with you I
am gonna go ahead and agree right with
you but but yeah so that was the thing
with the AVGN thing is I I knew I could
tell the head it was a game that I was
not going to care for and so I stopped
playing it so I wouldn't say too many
mean things about it because that would
have been it is just me saying mean
things about the game and I'm sure it's
a fine game if you're into the AVGN I am
not so for me it was a standard action
platformer that had that was lacking in
a personality store where they actually
came out on the you know snez you would
have you would have disregarded because
it looked too generic yeah absolutely
absolutely and like thinking on like
some other games that i've streamed for
it's like i streamed that tiny barbarian
game which was a 2d action platformer
very very standard 2d action plan you
know but in my head that yeah oh yeah
that's right that game had some
personality as far as i was concerned
you know oh it had it had you know good
arts interesting combat and so like it
was a game i was interested in on that
and that regards and AVGN was nothing
but but his jokes which i didn't much
care for who is in the first place
they're kicking ass they're far ahead of
me i don't even see him
but I might be lucky enough to get
second on this one so I'm feeling pretty
happy about that it's less like the
Midwestern wave a super mess I didn't
know I didn't think there was a lot of
people said yes any yes there's Ness
yeah I thought that was just a thing
Brian you kicked my ass man that was
great okay I got second place on one
race so I'm feeling pretty comfortable
about that I'll take second place on one
race oh look what I get I get lucky Joe
giving me a patronizing hand clap I
don't get a trophy I don't get a good
job I get a patronizing hand clap he
goes oh yeah yeah you know you do since
grade
