Rich is going to win at FTL (Part 3)
October 15, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UFBU7GXCag

baby channels he fled the country he's
brought his chips DVD boxes TV it's me
TV a national thing I just killed the
chef the better question I just killed
you what did you say I didn't even hear
is me TV a national thing oh I I assume
everyone has like that weird channel
24.1 where they play a weird
Zak fraud says Jack last week I was on
stage with Weezer
and then I celebrated later with a
steagle rod ler that sounds like a hell
of an evening sir what why were you on
stage with Weezer are you all right
Randy Quaid my most memorable birthday
was when a stripper puked on my pants
it was an accident I'm not some weirdo
who pays for stripper vomit and then
there's 15 tweets dropships may be Quaid
is brilliant okay
now read all that we read all the chips
they're not people are on the internet
they can welcome well I want to hear one
I'm not on the internet a course ponch's
apartment has no furniture except Abed
that means what is apparently pontius
apartment just has been in theater was
he a ladies man John that impresses the
ladies on the yacht by speaking French
see you mean about the show where's the
weird ones
chips tweets oh this is said no better
way to spend my birthday than watching
ponch
dazzle us with his disco moves on chips
when was his birthday October 1st happy
birthday
the Commodore are subscribed good night
thank you my friend in Greece good night
oh good night Randy quick people who
write unicycles are total douche bags
says Randy you heard it Randy Quaid
Jesus Christ that was supposed to be fun
anyone ever get Randy Quaid and Pierce
Brosnan next up that made me laugh
no coleslaw is a very underrated salad
more once more it was more yeah girl
pass all the chips wants to find a good
one
jock Josh Vince I keep reading that
attempt at a joke and it's too dark it's
too it's too uh it's too dark oh yeah
it's you know what that is that's that's
what happens when when Zack Snyder
directs a thank you for getting his name
dick if Zack Snyder directed a dick
neutral movie that's something he would
say it's too dark 90% of his Twitter is
about chips that's great read us another
one just pick one does it randomly ponch
got a ticket while on a date and his
Winnebago and had to go dry go to
driving school so he wore a disguise
hashtag chips he's just describing
things that happened on the show now
what time is it all different times of
the day so almost different times yeah
so he's just I swear it has to be he he
fled with his box set absolutely
oh no that's not one of them is it are
you really what are you laughing at
until he numbers ways that's funny
because I think that was like a dick
neutral setup but it was actually really
quick yeah go ahead
she walked up to me and said nice pants
can I test to the zipper
I gave her my pants farted and walked
away Randy Quaid what a what a weird man
Randy Quaid and the premature senior
moment that poor guy I don't know if he
would be interested in hearing red
letter media thoughts on a Zach Braff
movie no that's my summation of Zach
Braff you know what I don't like his
face I was just thinking that simply
look at it I'm like nope here's you if I
were to give Garden State a a one sound
review it would be theirs there's a
couple things I like in Garden State
it's so full its self-weight but there's
some of the stuff between the father and
son but it strips away all the
quirkiness yes just I'm talking and that
stuff's okay but makes wanna puke yeah
yeah yeah oh no 90% of it yeah it makes
me want to absolutely barb oh yeah
yeah nice mr. awesome yes pretentious is
a very good descripting were describing
word for Zach Braff because he wore a
shirt that looked like the wall yeah
because he feels like he doesn't stand
out enough do you get the visual
metaphor this yeah that's one of those
things where you can
Celie came up with that visual in his
head and then was like how do I work to
send it a movie and so it didn't happen
naturally throughout the course of it
was just because it's like he said what
is he at his mom's he's at his house
after his mom's funeral what thoughts
like it I'm sure something says that she
made a mature using leftover material
from what she decorated the bathroom
with yeah but you don't use like cloth
material like that to decorate a
bathroom it makes no sense it's fine
it's just I want to put this image in
the movie exactly yeah hey baby Slayer 1
5 6 thanks for subscribing also the
random capitalization of your name makes
it slightly hard to read mezzo yeah is
that it cold no you know what I liked um
I liked a lot of scrubs I think there's
a lot of good jokes in scrubs I mean I
never really watched I'm in general a
fan of the sitcoms
and I think there's a lot of good jokes
in there but any anytime that show tried
to go for like the heart yeah and Zach
Braff made that stupid face I just kind
of zoned out consistency her face which
looks like the most insincere thing ever
yes yeah but I think I do think there
are a lot of good jokes in scrubs okay I
haven't seen nearly enough to be able to
comment yeah
Rich's what the fucks are so consistent
I'm not sure if they're sound clips or
live oh that is a sound clip there's no
there's no attempt in fakery there
that's just what plays now so please
subscribe every time someone subscribes
you get that little thank-you message
with rich and I space and rich will say
and we've recorded a special rich saying
what the fuck that will play every
single time someone subscribes which
amuses me yep it was who is the most
annoying Zach in cinema oh you know it
was axed nighter I find Zach Snyder to
be more annoying than Zach Braff because
while Zach Braff is pretentious he every
everyone kind of just knows that about
him and except that whereas Zach Snyder
seems more like a douchebag I think but
which is worse
I think Zach Braff is probably a nice
guy in real life I think Zack Snyder
might be a douchebag yeah okay Thank You
viola also I don't believe that Snyder
has had any original idea and what he
did it was called sucker punch that was
completely his idea that movie that all
concept verses
I didn't even see it it's awful well
that that was a really early half of the
bag yeah Zack Slater does not damage
below well he damaged one beloved
franchise but you know things like I
think he did a fine job for 300 and he
bit ever self he did an okay thing for
the watchman but every striking visual
in that is directly from the counter
cogs and so I have a hard time
understanding what he did as a director
what vision did he bring to it besides
make the thing that's on the paper on
the move and yes DC is really banking on
Zack Snyder being a thing yeah it's so
desperate it's like we he did that one
movie that was a hit so now we have to
do that over and over and over again and
we have to immediately jump into trying
to rip off the Avengers and and they say
they can't spend years and years
building a universe we just have to
immediately throw everybody into the
next Superman movie they've already
tagged him for like Justice League
movies yeah I did I disliked him as a
director yeah
so I say he's worse than Zach Braff okay
300 is schlock but I don't know if it's
horrible
because that was before the 300 style
was a thing at least 300 had style and
now it's ubiquitous but back then and
you're right mr. awesome dr. Manhattan's
penis was the best part of the lodge
but I really needed that movie yeah
because it's nowhere near as amazing as
the comics that's what everybody says
it's throughout the comics I'm never in
the comics I thought the movie was fine
why would you why would you think it
would be would be one as good as the
comics
how often are adaptations as good as the
source material
oh very nah not very but you know what I
like I liked because we he did 300 right
before that right and I liked his action
and so seeing some action seeing his
what I thought see what I thought I
applied to the Watchmen well I was a
little excited just just terribly
terribly disappointed with all the stuff
they had to cut there's so much more
yeah I watched the movie this isn't
don't thing and I thought it was fine
yeah whenever anyone talks about comic
books no I thought you were going to say
I've never anybody talks about comic
books
I want apart you're going December
anyone talks about I always think about
that joke and party down where I think
it's Ryan Hanson's character asks
everyone to write down on a piece of
paper how many times they've seen the
movie 300
and then everyone shows theirs and then
Martin Starr his you know because
they're always going back and forth yeah
Martin Starr I think in his was like six
and so he called them it's a good joke
it's a good joke yeah well you've seen
pretty dog oh yeah I like that show
really but I appreciate you telling me
that it has a good joke yeah there's
lots of good jokes oh my god oh hey
tada all right you owe me the Tate ow
just subscribe thank you for subscribing
we super appreciate it I had to wait to
thank you suggesting could tell us about
a joke from the show
they have a priority straight
yes yes I have not avenged
eleventy fold ask me if I've seen the
super duper extended edition of Watchmen
where they put in a whole bunch of shit
from the comic no cuz I don't care I
just you know what I did I read the
comics again after seeing the movie I
just read the comics again and felt
great about it yeah every time I read
that I noticed shit I didn't notice
Elvis tell this you never replied back
to my email where I made a really good
joke about Jack being a liar and that
that was upsetting to me sigh I worked
that out pretty well what what oh
because he said that you said that you
would bring up rich Evans baby-faced
t-shirts absolutely bobbleheads and I
said they never told me about that and
that you are a filthy liar which is the
truth I absolutely told you about no you
did nicely you might have been Elvis
Tellez I know you know what I might not
have told Jesse I might have no I told i
we were we were we were here was like
that was it doing something else you
might have been doing something I don't
I I definitely told you yeah I you know
what I should have I should have
reminded you because thinking back on it
you might have been busy or drunk or
busy most of the most likely busy hey
Jeff and 86 know thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it yeah
Jack your alibi is falling apart it is
thank you
I can see the sweat for bit on your but
I'm pretty sure I don't ask
I guess I might not hey we're talking
about it now that's fine
working on it oh no busy or drunk the
Jessie story no that's terrible
they want you to buy hacking there's one
thing I know they want me to buy hacking
they want you to buy actors here's what
I'm thinking okay I've got three fucking
ion weapons I see then I'm taking down
shields left and right yeah yeah I take
down shields by drone control
get this fucking beam weapon and while
their shields down that thing's just
continuing like blasting the fuck out of
the mothership I'm actually right now
I'm actually deciding between that or
hacking Oh someone to save drone control
that's actually really tough I know it
is
I think with with ion and beam drone you
can take them down quicker hacking means
they're firing why should at you like
you can yeah you can hack one of their
big weapons like you could hack their
their missile it right away which would
be super awesome
don't want roads I'm going with drums
it's done it is done no going back
oh my god I'm selling this flak Jesus
Christ flag but for the flag so it is
banners black all-time but uh wait wait
wait
Lando was taken thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it have
a what the fuck oh boy alright that was
tough
that was tough I'm sorry that was tough
they're saying you're killing it I'm
saying you're killing it I know I am oh
you can hack the evasion down from 40%
to 0%
oh the like if you hack there yeah but
if I I'm fine I on if I on they're
piloting same thing same thing same
thing you guys rich knows what's up is
basically it what's happening no they're
saying you've doomed them all I don't
believe that's true as a reference to
goal Friday 13th and cannibals music
let's rough around the edges it was
clearly made by film students but it's
got a lot of good jokes I would believe
that every ball those things you said
and really catchy songs
I would also believe that okay you're
getting it you're getting some that was
a good call drones rule Lando was taken
mm-hmm
she knocked on the door asking to borrow
some sugar I thought of the fresh bag in
the pantry and my stirring disdain for
beggars oh sorry
she knocked on the door asking to borrow
some sugar I thought of the fresh bag in
the pantry and my Stern distain for
beggars okay let's thank you this a new
direction what is this thing you're
saying with that and why was he is it
good I mean there's there's one song
that I find fun okay is it called turned
down for what I enjoy that music video
I don't like Waka Flocka Flame I'm just
saying it this is like current news I'm
just saying I don't be disappointed in
me for I like Kanye West I won't deny
that
Jessi's just saying I'm just saying
she's just saying everybody she's
pissing first Elizabeth Pinkman
now this waka waka waka flocka I know
welcome flock of seagulls is he like I
don't know who he is but that doesn't
mean much is he a larger I think that
whoever mixed his album didn't quite do
it very well okay the music is a lot
it's too loud sometimes like the beats
are too loud sometimes by the way that
is current news this is something that
might this is something that might be
interesting that rich might be
interested to talk about yeah
current news just broke about Captain
America 300 isn't Iron Man gonna be an
Iron Man is gonna be in it so the
speculation is that it's going to be
Civil War
wait is that speculation or confirmed
it's confirmed that he's gonna be in it
Iron Man is gonna be in Captain America
through yeah but the speculation
Quazi confirmed is that it's gonna be
Civil War the only problem is so Civil
War was this really fantastic run in
Marvel Comics in which iron fantastic is
strong I liked it
good I thought it was fantastic it the
concept in Indy is ended with a whimper
the concept is neat at the actual book
itself
Captain America wanted to basically do
the the superhero Registration
programming which all superheroes South
America did not want to do that so this
iron man wanted to do that I apologize I
misspoke the Iron Man boys got very
upset that you got that minor detail
well I guess it's not a minor detail
it's it's a huge detail I misspoke I
know who is on whose side Iron Man I
wanted the superhero Registration
against all superheroes needed to
disclose their real identities and work
kind of under the shield branch of
government branch so they could be
regulated and Captain America and he
didn't he I'm assuming he didn't see
this as being a big deal because he
outed himself exactly as I was like who
cares so because I him is who cares yeah
ok Jack we're replacing an NG oh my I
need a name
no um we're gonna we're gonna see who
says me first
actually I probably should yeah well
every place the wrong character but oh
I'm a name says oh my god says m-f ili
any capital sure capital m MF ili PPO
PPO Bruno separate name versus a man
named Bruno yeah so you know I am
obviously it caused a civil war or
something here okay with this somewhere
now didn't be a two factions fought
against each other it was really great
spider-man came out then revealed
himself it was a whole big thing which
was a sham which was a sham this is why
I said it ended with a whimper okay
because because after it was all over it
the universe reset state has rebooted it
yeah it's all fine in any case the only
problem with civil war in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe they don't have any
of the big heroes that are unnamed
they don't have spider-man yeah they
don't have any of the mutants that would
be affected they might have daredevil oh
yeah yeah that's why I don't think
they're gonna do some war right they
can't do it because they're devil but
there's there's too much to things but
with civil war and then you can't learn
for one not enough heroes for the
identity thing to really be an issue not
in the Cinematic Universe yes not a
cinematic universe and also when I think
of the Marvel movies they're fun to
watch Civil War is just kind of
depressing do civil war and then
everybody just hates each other and then
they got to make another fuckin movie
after that I'm against it for that
reason they I want to have fun when I'm
watching a Marvel superhero movie and it
would be kind of a retread of Captain
America to where you know it was the
whole oh yeah safety over privacy so I
don't know if they are it was that very
much so the speculation only stems from
the fact that Iron Man is gonna be in
yes and that was their big where's the
thing don't get worked up about it don't
worry about it cuz you don't know that's
true who cares I'll see what happens
oh my god I see do you ever wish you
made other friends I got just clearly
the only people that they know that you
know is us right yeah that's the only
friends you have well yeah well and and
also right now your friends are playing
a video game I do have other friends I
feel that way about the bag that I don't
have any friends that are into horror
films the way I am
yeah I got the money geeked out about
horror I don't know if anyone is into
horror films like you are that's not
true there are people that are way more
into it than I am but there are things
that I felt like when the Rob Zombie
remake was coming out it was that Daniel
Pierce was casting the movie I couldn't
say why that was interesting no one
would know what I'm talking about right
Daniel Harris was a little girl and I
will wait for five it's me that I can't
explain that to anybody although I have
any clue what I'm talking about you
could explain it kind of like that
yeah but they don't you don't care I can
tell you that you'd be like oh I
understand that I understand that and I
can see how well did she come back as
the same care no no it is a rebooted
franchise or something and it really
doesn't matter because the Rob Zombie
was very good you used to want somebody
geek out about it read this before the
movie came out she's like oh Daniel
Harris that's an interesting cast 800
someone is saying they confirmed Civil
War is happening oh but remember it's
just the Civil War concept that needed
the registration for some sort of civil
wars happening either way you slice it
they basically just have the Avengers
The Avengers fighting each other isn't
that interesting and everyone already
knows who the Avengers are so there's no
registration but by the time this movie
comes out how many other movies will
exist sure this universe they'll have
nonmutants Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch
but I can't legally call mutants oh
really
even though they're mutants yeah they
can't legally behave you all the views
that was so weird the word mutants is
part of the x-men which I thought was
that but like they but they don't own
the rights of the word you mutant as
related to superhuman you know blah blah
but however they work they cannot call
the mutants
that's interesting and they can't say
that their father is maybe though which
is a huge part of their real story yeah
they're now now they were made by Nazis
or whatever sure so they can use the
characters somehow they are able to use
the characters but they can't use any of
those specifics yeah okay they can't use
their backstories or the all the mutants
characters are part of I'm assuming
they're part of the Avengers franchise
but their backstories all involved
things that are part of your x-men
franchise how did the rights work out
with that they could do that it's like
rights or so it's a bit confusing when
it comes to that shit yeah yeah this
dick nutri was on 20 minutes
oh the commander yeah she leaned up to
my ear I could feel the heat of her red
lips slowly she whispered I want to come
I asked her where
this is a good one too she sat down in
front of me and said I need a hard man
for a hard job and I said how did you
get in my house gonna be and I said no
that's a different type of job oh yeah
absolutely and one that most people
would not buy 20 of someone is saying
according to nebulous them Joss Whedon
and Zack Snyder came to an agreement
wait Zack sighs I had nothing to do with
this you're full of shit you're full of
shit
according to them who according to them
about what whack oh that's true fart
barter for 20 wants me to bring up the
recent there's a there's a mobile phone
game called candy crush oh yes I can
Rush's saga and so they have been trying
to trademark things like candy like they
weren't candy in the title of a video
game their trademark oh god the word
saga so that game we did for the show
the banner saga about Vikings got sued
by candy crush saga oh that's bullshit
because it has the word saga in the
title that is complete bullshit yes I've
heard of things like like someone is a
Marvel or DC technically owns the word
superhero believe that's DC that is
these
I've heard that before I hope the ship
doesn't burn to death with microwatt oh
my god get him back I think it's cooling
down I keep getting eye on everybody go
I keep getting high on did you meet did
you win him yeah no good and I know the
the movie the eighties movie night of
the demons the original title for it was
going to be Halloween party because it's
about a Halloween party sure and the
producers of the Halloween series like a
Meyer series threatened to sue them that
kind of makes sense though no but all
the weed is a holiday I was just that
was gonna be my counter-argument but
like if you think about Halloween in the
sense of a movie you think about
Halloween yes that just seems kind of
shitty to me but at the same time they
call their movie a holiday yeah exactly
look it makes sense that I'm actually in
that case it worked out because Knight
of the demons is a better title yeah so
ignore everything I just said
the real Quaid to remind us all that
Lucasfilm owns the word droid oh okay
which is a true thing it's a true thing
which is just weird
yeah well I think it made the word right
I don't think it just picked the word
droid they just that's like short for
Android it's your hand right yeah I
don't I don't know if anybody ever
usually would use before our I don't
think so what I'm young I've been wrong
plenty of time that's a good question
that's a good question
oh hey fleshy patch let that one sink in
thank you for subscribing quick super
appreciate it
and your name is funny to say so thank
you for that
you will wellyes food speed no one owns
words they have trademarks in respect of
respect of specific business usages yes
yes and Jack Burton 87 hey this name do
you get that reference Jack don't it's
big trouble old China yeah it has been
ages
oh my god I do that was me
yeah that was a real holy shit you need
to re-watch the picture of a little
challenge absolutely
I remember an evening should have a nice
to have a little shine tonight yeah okay
we'll do it here that sounds great fuck
oh my god rich oh you're not terrible
trouble
no but I'm annoying anyway oh did they
subscribe they did subscribe
oh yes jackford naked Evan thank you for
subscribing I got this drink I just
wanted to talk about Big Trouble in
Little China we super preciate it and
Jay really appreciates her name it made
him think about a great movie that was
all myself later too
like a lot of people talk about how they
grew up on that movie and they watched a
lot as a kid I never saw it as a kid I
didn't see it so I was well into my 20s
oh my god face even cutie pie that's too
much that's too much Technodrome sorry
he had a whole story
he's like a paragraph oh no this guy
it's not worth the trouble okay oh the
ship does this is this foreshadowing to
the final boss sir ah my z-fighting czar
he's got those stupid drones that super
attacks he's got two of them
oh and some of the drone to shoot your
lasers now yeah yeah those marks appeal
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciate it also Thank You octo J for
also thanking the subscribers cuz I see
your name more often than I see theirs
nothing's getting through this is fury
so is the word alien copyrighted for
movie titles that might own too generic
that's nothing this - there are movies
with alien in the title
one thing that's an Ericsson alien
there's one I know there are ones I
can't think of any other top of my head
but I think that's probably too generic
probably because Halloween is like it's
a horror movie about Halloween's if
you're making another horror movie with
Halloween in the title I can kind of
understand really would think there'd be
some confusion sure so Oh a lien seed
that's a great can see there you're good
I don't think they were thinking about
anything but they made alien see if you
probably you know it is it's probably
against copyright to call your movie
alien yes so you can move use the word
alien in your title that's right
are they saying duh aliens that's
totally unrelated we're being called
aliens kind of it is sort of under like
a lot of ways tonally emily is one of
those ways
can i animist primal is wondering if he
can use the name Mr. Plinkett in shin no
oh no I think he was asking like the
legal ramifications yeah probably not
specifically if your character is
similar to that of the movie reviewing
Mr. Plinkett definitely also we
appreciate it
oh no he says fuck you guys I'll do it
anyway down oh you got us don't ask when
you're just gonna do something that just
makes you neither oh hey KRV slug thank
you for subscribing we legitimately
appreciate it I know I say we appreciate
it a lot but I really do all the time I
don't want my words of appreciation to
lose their value
Herbie makes me think of WKRP in
Cincinnati um we're gonna show ya was it
a good show I have no I I know I watched
it but I was so little I don't remember
watched it too I don't remember if it
was good I just thought that it was a
show yeah yeah the opening is good why
the song I don't even remember the theme
song I dunno it was on that show was
there anyone that wkb in Cincinnati yeah
that was a lady from that's one of those
shows where I can't remember a single
thing about it but if I watched like a
clip of it on YouTube it would all come
maybe from the Dick Van Dyke Show you
did not watch the Dick Van Dyke Show no
that was before my well reruns no me
neither
so do you want Steve and I watch the
midnight show Mary Tyler Moore WKRP no
the Dick Van Dyke Show
yeah yeah what he's saying the lady from
the Dick Van Dyke Show was on w care B
which is Mary Tyler Moore but she was
not on W Anderson honey thank you think
maybe that okay yeah they're agreeing
with you
she wouldn't totally be played by Pam
Anderson though if there were a remake
not now not now I guess I guess you're I
haven't seen a picture of Pam Anderson
in like ten years so I won't eighty Hey
there's a horrible beast of a lady she
can't be shown in certain lights because
people will see what she really looks
like that's what I heard from me
my god we shot with her for one of our
videos oh that's right in the end a
high-five my Super Bowl so you've met
her I have met her she was horrible
so we our producer talks to her people
okay and and they're like we mean yeah
we won't would like set this up and she
was like you can I have five minutes to
shoot this in my hotel room between
friends time and in order to shoot with
me you need to have a ring what oh my
god because those those special ring
lights that illuminate the all around
your face of no wrinkle shit okay in
which our producer did what all
producers did it said absolutely that's
no problem you did not have a ring and
so we get there and we kind of like
rigged our own like awful four-sided
like we're holding lights oh my god and
she was late very late yeah to meet with
us I want to say she was that she was
well she wasn't late that's the thing
she told us to come to her hotel at a
specific time she was up in her hotel
but she would not have us up for like an
hour and a half okay
when we got up there she was just drunk
and walking around should you be saying
these things enough time has passed okay
he can talk about it I'm very worried
that my Pam Anderson story is gonna get
hey guys everybody listen here Chad this
is all a joke
don't let Pam Anderson get ahold of this
well we don't care then you can continue
okay was it no well you know so so we we
set up our light our janky-ass lighting
rigs and she doesn't even like one of
her helpers one of her handlers
there is that point and we're like
what's like a ring it's kind of in a
circle exactly lights in a square and
work it worked just the same she didn't
care so maybe maybe I didn't like her
maybe it was her handler so maybe that's
it okay you know what I'll pull back all
right perhaps it was Pam Anderson's
handymen who was being an incredible
asset someone on their side who's being
an incredible asset making us wait a
very long time yeah and it's not like
they were doing anything they were just
up in their hotel room drinking after
Jane points out a good point just say
allegedly allegedly before it's all
alleged yeah Pam handlers is a normal
thing you say except it's not allegedly
it actually happened it happened to me I
don't know who's doing it she might not
be to blame I guess is what I will say
that's fair handlers is like what you
call like her manager or whoever's
helping them bigger celebrities have
like assistants they have people to talk
to and managers a publicist yeah and you
call them handlers as a we call them
yeah so someone on her end it was
fucking us around and if you jack
everybody has me and so you know
nobody's heaven Yasmine Bleeth story
since 1999 are babies you finish your
story
I do have any ask me boy story I know
you I moved back I moved back a couple
inches and I got the webs again I'm
sorry so we get up there and you know we
try to come up with a bit with her and
usually you know we just we get to a
location and feel out the location to
see how we can best get the guys do the
high-five with the celebrity
yeah and it's we always try to be as
quick as possible we get in there and in
her very large hotel room there is kind
of an entrance area and then there's
like a livingroom area and then off of
the living room area there's doors to
presumably like bedrooms and bathrooms
she would not or her handlers she or her
handlers would let us past the entrance
area I remember that from the video
I remember she's like right in that
front entrance area I want to I want to
ask the channel court commissioner do I
go with full sheets full shields are
full engines I'm sorry jack I'm sorry
are you ripping my Pam Anderson
two-player game I know she little
engines full shields are full engines
Jeb this is an important question so
important of shields is the first
shields shields shields okay we got we
have four shields shields I'll take it
I'll take it
Pam could be in the living room but we
could not step through the living room
so we had an incredibly limited space to
shoot our bit in and we're like oh you
know what maybe like the guys could get
on the other side of the the couch and
like pop up or something knowing no you
cannot do it and you know like someone's
bedroom sure liya where someone holds
their clothes where they sleep that's
completely this was a place where they
couch into TV excuse we did not ask you
you know like on a similar note we shot
with Jack Black and he let us get into
his bed oh yeah they were like tickling
bed yeah and because we came up with
this little tickle joke and we're like
what it would be funny if they're
tickling you and all of a sudden he goes
you guys want to do
bad don't you and we're like what he's
like you want to tickle me in bed and
we'll put the sheets over I had never
liked no but that sounds funny
that was that was his addition to the
base he invited us in to make the thing
funnier different different strokes my
friend I'm assuming I'm assuming he's
not as concerned about his appearance
sure sure but what about but like
another I can't I don't want to say any
names
this is getting way too complicated yes
Stevie Nicks Stevie my Stevie did you
know I didn't turn the job I can't reach
as the mouth-to-mouth it to me or write
it down
text text message me this story well
because it's it's another lady's and
then you know it makes me sure yeah what
was it like working with the famous Bob
Curtin you mean famous actor Bob Turk
yes he is always a pleasure and always
gives almost always gives 110% what is
he not given hundred ten percent and the
very beginning he was we saw Bobby
curtain who is one of the guys in the
high five videos who I love to death and
it is forever a best friend of mine we
did it one of our firsts I texted you
thank you
oh we can talk about it we're gonna talk
about Shakira anytime you want okay
Shakira was lovely
Bob turbine the the big hike we did the
first high five in my cousin Jake's
mom's backyard and up here in Milwaukee
not a big deal right Bob dirt and drove
up from Chicago to do it the next one we
got was high five Hollywood
in which Funny or Die flew us out to Los
Angeles so we could shoot with
celebrities and famous Hollywood
landmarks right it was actually one of
the it was very early on in the days of
getting celebrities in web videos this
was before celebrities knew it was okay
to be in web videos and so the biggest
challenge was convincing them to
anything doesn't that doesn't matter
we're talking about boxer famous actor
bout through yeah one of the bits we
wanted to do was Bob get in a spray tan
oh yeah if you remember in the video his
Bob is getting this spray tan and you
happy because that's an LA thing right
like being tan we wanted Bob to wear
tidies or like a thumb we wanted him to
wear skimpy Underpants cuz that would be
funny yeah someone else wanted him to
wear what is referred to as a cock sock
oh sure which is what the men actually
wearing there which is literally like a
bag to put your cock and balls in and
that looked too weird sure but we wanted
him to wear tidies well like that would
be really funny if you're wearing tighty
whities in that she gives you the spray
tan he refused and he just rolled up his
boxers okay I can understand that
someone who's a working actor yeah being
concerned about their image in that case
I can understand if that's not what he's
going you just wanted him to wear that I
mean just saying what you're trying to I
mean his character that they have
characters okay his character is the
more is the vain one
is the usual address that bird one night
yeah it would make sense that he had on
Titan okay
he didn't want to do it because he had
cuz if I asked him to do the same thing
now he would go full new oh really
cuz he's committed now oh that wasn't it
that's not the image I want out there it
could have been that but you know maybe
he's changed he's grown now and he
wasn't you know we worked together long
since then so here he would trust me a
lot more to make to help him make that
comment about certain always gives 100
so jesse was asking about shakira story
that was the lady to be unnamed in case
i had any bad stories and i do
she was love well no but that's what i
mean like there's a difference between
someone like a pam anderson type yeah
who is concerned with you know how she
looks and stuff like that and then you
have someone like she care it was
totally cool
yeah not only was she is she kind of
like just the comparison shakira was
totally cool
like she gave us her time and she
literally only had a couple minutes like
we were down in africa and we were
making this video to raise money and
awareness for schools and south africa
which was and Shakira was part of that
charity organization so one she's
awesome she's trying to get children in
Africa educated and I think that's great
she gave us all the time she has we knew
we were at the school shooting with
these kids at the school she showed up
for a couple minutes she was just taking
a tour of all the schools that her
organization had helped help set up and
this was one of her stops we had her for
five minutes in between his signing
autographs and saying hi to people and
Shakira is big here but in other
countries like Africa Shakira is God
like you know she still took time did it
in one take nailed it
just you know she was also rather short
you guys want to talk about Richard Karn
if I could talk about Richard Karn all
day we did reach out with Richard Karn
for one of the bowling videos I wanted
to shoot with more with Richard Karn
oh you know what I'll say about Richard
Karn he did not want to wear a plaid
shirt because he was just in a different
video wearing a plaid shirt and that
video was gonna be released around the
same time and he's like I just did a
plaid shirt bit so I don't want it you
know because obviously I'll Borel and he
did the plaid shirts he's like I just
did a plaid shirt fit I won't do apply
it sure pit but he did bring his own
bowling shirt for the bowling bin yeah
so prepared man he after we shot we just
hung out for a little bit chatted he was
really nice yeah are you oh my god I
didn't even know you're on the final
boss
yeah you're too busy telling stories
about stupid ass celebrities I'm Cyrus
oh is everybody in the crew compartment
dead no no the main the main area no no
for them that's excellent
you haven't if you kill the entire crew
fuckin I'm gonna leave one alive oh
great hey Owen McGarrett
thank you for subscribing I super
appreciate it
we're chillin and you're on normal
difficulty yeah
yeah this is normal this is not easy
this is not easy for a certain
definition of Richard Elvis delmas
Richard carnism thanks man I'm glad I'm
glad you got to me who the Martha
Washington I do have a great smashmouth
story cuz I'm some body wants told rich
isn't even listening cuz he's too busy
being boss at FTL no nobody's ever done
this well on normal only rich I'm sure
other people have been have you played
it hard at all no I'm frightened he's
one man easy easy peasy that was
tactically just brilliant yeah yeah I
hacked a hack there there there Monday
and then I sent my man's over and then
whenever they would get a little hook
they run for medbay
then when they ran in the medbay I'd
turn on the hacking and they would
actually killed them yes that's tactics
my friend so they can't see my finger
waggle when I say that tactics my friend
nice alright alright what's next they're
just noticing that you took no damage no
during the first stage of the boss
battle alright alright tip for people at
home yeah give it your your first target
on that ship is always that fucking
middle launcher okay okay the missile
launcher will kill you it shoots out
three missiles at a times it's they go
straight through your shields and they
do like two or three damage for each
fucking head so it's the the second in
from the right the second from the right
and I always beam guys in there kill
that fucker take that weapon down as
quick as I can
yes okay that's good to know
that's great the middle Lunger the
middle this is the middle finger to your
ship it really is well so it well it
depends on which hand no I mean like
like this yeah I like the insulting
gesture well you say if you guys look at
the ship now it's the second loan I'm
about to be my man just is right back in
there good here record right here
John kilo asked what who is the biggest
celebrity I've ever worked with two
names come to mind one is gonna be a fat
joke though John Goodman I should be
ashamed of yourself more so because John
Goodman was great he not only was a
trooper he came to we were in LA
shooting the the celebrity bowling video
and we asked him to be in it and he says
one he said yes which I mean fuckin John
Goodman yeah and then he just came to a
buddy's house he would he told his
bowling stories and chatted with us and
was into our bit and then will Ferrell
yeah so and the first time I met him he
had seen the first hi-5 video and we
were we went on the set of step brothers
that he was filming at the time and he
knew we were coming
don't see rightly I don't like anyone
talkin I hope there's no bad part of
anything I thought that there's no bit
there's no bad part of anything good
I've heard a story you've heard that
from someone else
he no he came in to the area we were in
will and
was singing the song from the first hi-5
video and we hung out and chatted with
him for a while I've worked with him a
few more times since then and he is just
in general a really good guy we were we
did a I was on a commercial shoot with
him and it was very guerilla shoot and
after the shoot all the crew and him and
the director and everyone got and we're
watching the day's footage and just like
everyone else he sat down and just
watched all the day's footage and
laughed at all the jokes and like
started working out new jokes for the
next day and just so not only the most
professional man ever but just liked to
hang out and laugh and dbits he's the
man who likes to do with bits so it was
great yes and out of it so besides John
Goodman and Will Ferrell the biggest
celebrity I've ever worked with his rich
Evans yeah
nice tell you when you were - John
Goodman you really blew the opportunity
to have a Big Lebowski reference it was
a bowling video the fact that he's in
with the video he's done so many things
literally did - bowling and Big Lebowski
we could we we brought up the idea with
him to put him in an outfit
Walter check hey we we brought up the
idea with him to put him in a Walter
outfit and he was hesitant okay and so
we did not push it market 0
um you know we we took his he was he
doesn't do anything right doesn't he
just stand there no he he makes the
strike Oh does he I don't remember he he
bout he bounces it up to Nick who then
who then like kind of aliens it down
bounce it down okay he's a big part of
it and he helped to work out like the
physics of it like took place in the
the trampoline and everything go use use
a good part of it I don't know who John
O'Reilly is I know who john c reilly we
we took his hesitation for the Walter
that was this thing like we were like
we'll do whatever you want yeah I guess
the fact that John Goodman agreed to to
be involved with it - oh so John Goodman
isn't a bowling trickshot video
yeah yeah let's just call that away sure
so I guess fuck you okay we were you
know like with with every celebrity we
were very aware of like making sure
people knew who they were
yeah you know that's that's a general
concern in any of the videos that we do
because it's so quick yeah until this
one would end of it that one yeah where
I didn't recognize who it was that was
there's a couple there was a couple may
just be my ignorance on who the person
is to begin with but and there may cover
a couple names that were like you know
people might not recognize Jason
Mantzoukas oh yeah I did recognize him
when I can see a lot of it you might not
recognize Damon Wayans Jr he danced at
one maybe I got a pose that was but I
don't know I didn't know who he was at
the time period you know yeah
Damon Wayans Jr was awesome he did the
one where like he bawled under
it was really fun that one took a while
to get and he was a trooper yeah because
you know we always tell you like I'm
trying to make it quick but obviously we
want to get it and like we did a couple
and we knew immediately that it was
gonna take a while and take him away to
junior we were just like do you want us
to think of a new bid then make it
easier he's like fuck you I'm not
kidding he's a man he just got in the
zone where he's like no we need to get
this shot yeah he was great also the guy
from the other guy who I didn't even
know I still don't know his name I want
to say his name is Jack something he's
in Boardwalk Empire I don't want to
numbers like um I don't watch Boardwalk
Empire but he wasn't Steve Buscemi there
was not Steve Bruce Cammie was it paz de
la Huerta okay definitely that's the
only give you the light over there
I've never watched it his name might
have been Jan just jack no Jack
something he'd play if you never see
I've never seen Boardwalk Empire but
I've seen mocha tracking videos on how
they do his makeup because I'm a nerd
you see the guy wears like the half-mast
the half bath okay okay that doesn't
help me with his name but I know who
you're talking about
yes okay so whoever that guy's you use
everyone was great that's good everyone
was great all the time
even you should I felt super bad the
first bowling trickshot video got big
because Chris Hardwick tweeted about it
Oh Chris Hardwick ooh who does the
nervous sure
is well in the hollywood one yeah
we were really Oh Jack Hudson is what
they're saying hustin Jack hustin well
good for him so it was very important
that we get him in the video because
he's in LA and you know he helped us out
and we we rambling yes good job rich I
felt really bad
the USS heart barber thanks to the
valiant effort of the USS fart barber um
a game yes
RIT wins rich wins right up the pooper
after the way those days started I'm
very glad with this with that first run
that first run was just a comedy of
errors sometimes that's what you got to
do you just got to just start over
score oh that's that's one of my highest
ones nice well that was one of my
highest yes I have your new high school
top top that shit it will never happen
only second place with the SS Matt
Hannah yes I took the SS Matt Hannah dr.
Jay has most jump survived
nice suit Berta's most repairs Thank You
SIF burn I think with bone was from a
different run for combat kills
oh yeah the yellow is for this room
right great hey great job crew it's too
bad that the SS Smash Mouth didn't make
it as far I got you three unlocked
damage acres that's great
did that get that got us a new ship -
yeah cuz we got a bomb sure tip oh maybe
I go to the hangar
