No More Heroes - Sick and Tired (Part 1)
September 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM9vWb3YPFo

is try this is try number three for
streaming we'll see we'll see we're
gonna see if this works
yes we know we're a hack for always wait
wait wait wait keep waiting yeah we're
actually streaming oh hello everybody we
get you guys we just did like a whole
intro spiel when we first click the
streaming button yep we're gonna try
that interest PA spiel again hello
everybody I am sick and sitting next to
me is tired I'm tired but I'm feeling
good now I'm feeling terrible um you're
going to occasionally hear nose blows
from me well we'll see how well this
stream goes for one I wanted to play No
More Heroes which we're still gonna do
mmm
but I mean there's a lot of epic talking
and dialogue things that are interesting
with No More Heroes and we don't have
like a pair of headphones set up so Jack
could hear it he'll be playing this for
the first time and he won't be able to
hear it I can hear from the moment a
little bit but we gotta have it quiet so
doesn't pick up on the mic yeah go get a
weird echo then hey I can hear it it's
fine alright everything's gonna be fine
no nothing will ever be fine are they
saying that you sound sexy when you're
sick that's sweet can you guys hear
obviously you hear us can you guys hear
the little we bleep sleaze in bloop
lovelies that's that's the big question
what we're gonna make sure that that's
working before we start really streaming
for real ZZ OH
we're gonna wait till you tell me you
can hear that's what can you hear the we
going do do do it do it do it yeah yes
yes kinda great barely okay perfect it's
perfect everything's perfect alright in
order to in order to scream really I
need a beer
hey Jess gonna get a beer and I'm gonna
I'm gonna try to entertain you uh I did
a little dance so kind of a dance
all right there's entertain you you are
now entertained Oh God kill me oh where
you pretended tap dancing and as all I
can think of Wow Wow okay so I'm gonna
play so let's Jack Jack is gonna play No
More Heroes for the first time what
switch spots here I'll be over here
you'll be over there you check out a
chat yep okay I know people are gonna
ask I have joined Jay in my fault I'm
beer selection so I'm drinking pumpkin
lager these seasonal ale from lakefront
brewery Jack can you move my tissue
bucket over to the side down that we
switched places holy yeah this is your
real tissue bucket I haven't sis you
bucket here people it's but it's also
just like a dirty bucket well that's all
I could find
I'm sorry I couldn't find a cleaner
bucket for my snot rags okay here we go
it's no more heroes time this game so
much I know you do rich I love
everything really wanted to play in this
game he was so intent on playing this
game even though he's super sick right
now he still wanted to play this game oh
I know it's very important that we
tighten hold on I need to I actually
feel very strongly about this well hey
you're kidding right then I'm gonna put
the Wiimote strap on my wrist uh-huh no
yeah
you're kidding I am putting and tighten
it you gotta tighten it
okay the nunchuck is connected I have
the Wiimote it's licensed by Nintendo
we're heat we're ready to go okay see
this this game is my experiment to see
if Jack can like a game with cutscenes
it's and you know we've had this
conversation before about cutscenes
I understand the necessary evil that is
cutscenes and if you don't like this
you're hopeless
you're just hopeless present a yo choose
your difficulty sweet not sweet erm I'll
read the descriptions I always buy those
perfect for beginners and then you got
mild mild many strong men await you and
you haven't unlocked better I forgot
what bitter says but uh you you like
this there's a lot of potty humor in
this game I like potty humor I think I'm
gonna go mild okay Jackson pussy what do
you mean I could've been sweet mouth oh
that's right you know there's no better
yet but I'm I'm delirious I am delirious
with a cold right okay okay mouths
I'll find difficult yeah I got a water
by the stairs you're all the way in the
far corner move you move with the other
stick right where oh my god that's me up
there that's you up there oh
I'll see what is happening I know looks
ugly well fuck you
I can't we're not gonna skip cutscenes
cuz ritual lettuce oh just drink
whenever you feel like it this game
starts off
assassinate the drifter and I don't care
I want to fight people I don't care
about any of this I give up whoa but
it's like why am I supposed to care I
don't know who this guy is technically
speaking if I just put started playing
the game I wouldn't even know that I was
playing as this guy I got to control for
exactly three seconds you know let me be
him for a little bit before you give me
story okay okay you just meant he just
mentioned the Wii Remote this game
constantly breaks the fourth wall okay
shut up Jack stop being bitch people I'm
actually agreeing with Jack on this one
but you just call them a fuck and their
heads exploded all right help me out
here where's this death metal dude bad
answer
all right it's big time okay
okay he just said it's game time I
really hope that means it's time to play
the game okay play the tutorial yes
okay beam katana a press the a button to
swing the beam katana use the beam
katana katana to attack enemies you hit
the water oh you said yes swing
what a waste do we have your here Oh
once an enemy's life runs out you will
go into death blow mod swing though
Weaver mode in the direction shown by
the air on the screen succeeding the
Australian can finish funny way okay so
your only your only swing the Wiimote
before for the death blow looks like
it's like it's like a punctuation mark
on the kill we are very different people
Jack because this I was hooked after the
the opening with this I'm like oh that's
really cool a cage on the right side of
the screen is the beam cousin a better
power each attack made with the B
McDonough will drain some of its battery
you will not be able to use the beam
katana once its batteries run out now
recharge press the one button okay
that's that one to go into charge mode
swing though we remote from left to
right as fast as you can to recharge
room top basically you're jerking off
with the Wiimote
that's funny I like that that's funny a
good masturbation joke okay continue
this - yes
okay locking on and blocking Z button is
the big button on the other nunchuck
okay locking allows you to move around
okay if you're oh great well not on
sweet success okay great
sounds like riches discussed with Jack
is feeling him press writ rich don't
explain the joke I'll give you that
I'll give you that impress thick anyone
form an emergency evade
okay all right I'm with you I'm with
half performing I mean yes continued
tutorial god damn it
I've already said yes to this tutorial
ah
Travis's son Jack is a bitter man who
cannot cannot expand his horizons how
many times do I need to say yes to the
tutorial I've said yes to now they're
like are you sure you want to keep going
with the tutorial fucking yes I do we
chose this sword attack and enemy attack
hate each other a weapon clash will
occur we know weapon flash and you will
enter a deathblow mode okay okay
that's scary I just swing the remote in
the direction shown on the screen I
didn't do it oh okay all right
cough on him rich god I know yeah Rich's
already said he's gonna get me sick and
I'm fine with that whatever it down
attack a button will appear on Kosovo
down enemy press the a button hold out
attack stream title should be called
sick and impatient honestly oh okay
Hey okay okay great great
Oh slicing high and low I attack some
low attacks just basically you hold the
that Wiimote up and down opposite high
attack whole load for a low attack
go-go-go guard like high and low so okay
let's see if they're blocking low then
you switch to the the higher
okay
finally finally some game is happening
so I'm pretty excited about that
took the Wii Remote forward and Travis
will adopt a low slashing stance oh okay
alright
oh I thought you either guys are already
doing this so I get it
I don't know I really don't like that
question holding holding that we remote
and pressing me a button like this like
pointing up really sound like that yeah
cuz you know you don't need to be severe
just you can do this huh
just just that's just rich is making a
jerking off motion which is the B button
again jackass an asshole that's the B
button the butter your shirt off the
trigger get very Canada he's guard beat
attacks also have high and low versions
IV V that can be farmer I sense love you
hang him in Farmer buzzing it's ejected
mad because he has to be told how to
play the game he just wants to go in not
know what he's doing and then when he
doesn't know what he's doing he'll
complain that the game sucks no I will
you know what I would like to do is is
learn from my mistakes I would like to
listen I get it sometimes you need a
tutorial Jack I figured you would either
love this game or hate it I had I have
not already hate I you know the game
just started if you don't love it
already
how could you love it already the game
hasn't started yet you know this is just
the tutorial
they're totally defenseless you know
that we there's no game yet god damn it
how many things are there you're near
the end Jack there make me sorry I made
you play this game once any son press
the B button again to grab them okay
then
oh Jesus Christ right now as the
directions you must move very wrong
though I recognized for the night right
out of me all right it's a lot fucking
fuck there's a lot charge be a sec hold
down the B button to charge attack you
haven't our tex-mex you owe me a charge
be attack
I'll tell you one happy the person ahead
will switch off and I will play you can
just do chat and you will be happy
killing guys oh great
no let me play it love lilies yeah let
me play let me play the game for a
little bit
how many things how many things how many
but maybe Delta V power lease a button
at the right time to form a charge such
why are you so bitter and hateful over
tutorial there's so many things that's
why you need a tutorial right but you
know what if what if you can spread out
the things you know first let's just
deal with slashing your sword then the
let's deal with velvet gobbledygook this
is so much I won't you know how dumb I
am so you know I won't retain any of
this information so later on I'll you
know guys will be mowing me down and
I'll forget that I could stun them
there's so much hostility in this room
right now I'm activating this attack can
be hit but no one's making useful once
around it there are two of course
they're fucking two types of charges
saying high-low yeah I'm not even
reading any of this
let's just play Tetris or something
right
Tetris I get oh wait oh you remember
that I thought you're gonna forget
everyone oh you remember some things
I don't like it that I can't swing the
weaver mode to swing the sword why
because that's yeah this game I actually
think does suite motion control come
back better than any other game I've
seen oh no you know like like Twilight
Princess yeah that's yeah that's
swinging I like the swing and that got
me into it it's it's not real swinging
though Twilight Princess is just it's
replacing the a button with a wet yeah
but it's the same thing that's it the
eight one no it's a way of going feel it
Oh stupid you feel you don't you know
what happens when you get true one to
one control you get you crap like
Twilight Princess Twilight Princess and
that's my princess Naga was left the
Skyward Sword you get crap like Skyward
so that wasn't the moment that's just
and that's just awkward doesn't really
work as well as you would expect that's
not the motion controls fault that's
just a bad game okay how do I change
whoa whoa how do i what hi everything's
fine everything's fine you just figured
out the camera I just figured out the
camera but like the camera doesn't like
swing around it's just like well half an
hour in the Sangha yeah it's one
beautiful pot okay right your your
in-game proper now so
great yeah out of energy wow that takes
up all your energy
you killed like eight guys and I'm gonna
be a full charge you just need some
okay okay okay I'm gonna go first one
nope I can't yeah
I really I really dislike the press a
button thing really yeah yeah that's
really awkward because then it forces
you to hold the Wii Remote like with
your fingertips like if you want to move
your thumb around like this do you see
like it makes it makes me hold the Wii
Remote weird don't look at me like that
it's over it's a real thing I'm
flabbergasted that you can't handle
pressing the a button but it's not just
a but you know Jax Jax made your problem
with the game so far is that he has to
press a button I have to press the
button while holding the wheel holding
the controller jack has to present
listen if you people at home have a Wii
Remote with you try to like try to hold
it straight up press the a button and
then press the one button you don't have
to hit the one button very often at all
Jack I'm just you have to hit it it's
part of the game why is there also why
is there Tiger on the screen in the
upper right corner there's just a tiger
because that's like alright when you
killed guys if you notice the the
jackpot thing going on behind the screen
you can randomly get like a temporary
power up okay and that tiger becomes
kind of like a timer meter for you okay
Oh Nick
whoa it's my first time
but apply that I like the blood-clotting
coins the blood and coins do it guys
they're blocking switch the minute you
see I know it's just gonna make people
want face Kay please should have just
pretended I bet I hit you with okay
really did just hit me with the remote
whoa whoa one that's power
what why everybody's already don't we go
up a thing we're guys what's happening
this guy come guy what's happening Oh
God you'll see it hit the P button nope
hit the Run button it's like a little
mini game what is happening you have to
hit the button that comes up son of a
bitch
Venus Turner oh my god you only got one
guy well I didn't know what was going on
I got scared
ona grandpa do the charging you have to
do it when he's bluffing either either
charged or do it what is watching you
can't these grand people ah yep stomach
I did you start them by getting them the
kicking them when they're blocking or
the charge pick shenanigans my own games
have rules
bitch shit mannequins let's listen here
hi i'm jack skull shenanigans okay
what's in here oh I like that yeah can
you guys hear the little noise that the
Wii Remote makes when I charge the
middle boob okay well how's the sound on
this work you can they oh well they
probably not getting the sounds that
come out of the Wiimote well it's right
next to the mic sigh okay well there's
there's sections in this game who you
get phone calls yeah hey sound the call
comes out of weebo it you use the remote
like a phone that's very funny
for the sake of the chat we can set that
so it comes out of internal speakers but
I think I came up these stairs yeah no
we went back down there anyway oh all
right
turn around fuck
you're bored look McGarrigle of this
camera hidden obviously you're a kid I
can't believe the walk-on where is he
that's right a walk-on see I forget
stuff long tutorial okay well okay I'm
gonna be nice of you're actually
learning from your mistakes
well I just do it Oh
Hey
all right supposed to go there
yeah no problem I get it it's funny that
he masturbates with his sword yeah
that's very funny I also like that it's
a lightsaber but do you notice it's like
a little extendable pole yeah it's like
it's not so contained beam it actually
needs the thing on the other end yeah
that's fun that's the fun does it not
that way that's a fun design I agree
I can hear dick
I hate that I can play it hold it now oh
what the hooked up the kick button I
have to hold it down if unless they're
parking yes
yeah okay they're behind you you're
going backwards I can't I can't turn in
this mode okay
all right hit the c1 that's a little
tiny right
see button
weird
yep but I would have want to be able to
see that
- all right yeah you're trading shots
okay okay okay Hey no wonder Jack sucked
in Dark Souls ha ha I sucked at Dark
Souls for a lot of reasons none of them
I think are
I wanna I wanna get up I want to pick
them up
how do I do that the whole and the cute
part right there
okay they go
jack-jack has learned how to kick I know
I'm learning how to kick people that's
bags my my preferred way of killing
people
I think cuz I want to say if I kick him
and knock him down and get more points I
hope I get more points I don't know
never thought about more points we don't
I had diverted into paying attention and
I don't know if it's true oh so you can
do a regular kick no blocking that sure
when you hear the ching ching ching yeah
okay - yeah usually give them lui mode
an extra shake and like the right side
like right before they hit you actually
do get a stronger lighter are feting
help more people in the area okay well
if I can use
Divac cherries
professor
yeah gay was the definition of bloodlust
yeah like I think that's the point it's
supposed to be over over lady who rich
isn't true that when you play clue you
always assume Colonel Mustard in it I
like that that's fun I like that that's
some clever shit that's funny that's
people who pay attention ministry yeah
yeah you see that weird black graphical
thing Jack didn't even notice the sexy
painting it just didn't know is there
first person viewing not enough but for
me my anaconda don't want none can't get
it there another sexy painting oh it's
also say he is this person has three of
the same sexy paintings to see what
happens with the sword
what look um I can see how the beam of
light gets stuck that's weird alright
alright well it's kind of like a blur
effect alright
you guys know there's no more heroes -
yes I do
hi own and love it
you're getting a lot of power this is
random right oh yeah this is like a slot
machine yeah come on some people are
smarter up you sluts me right against
the guy who only has a sword yeah yeah
yeah God won't do the smart choice the
lightsaber probably probably not the
best idea to go out with like a sword no
a broken bottle no you use a gun use a
ranged weapon all right treaty guard
number four that's uh let's take care of
that I own killer is dead but my
computer is a piece of shit and it
doesn't run right on my computer do I
gave me a copy of killer is dead you're
freaking awesome but I I like literally
can't play and it's insane you know Mike
was ain't was
jack is whooping some generic lucky ass
I am Ken rich Evans Duncan basketball I
have never in my life been anywhere
anywhere even close
I'm dunking a basketball I'm nice
talking about those little KITT ones
that are only like you know four feet
off the ground huh I could probably Doug
there yeah yeah how's that there if you
want to you want people to be able to
hear phone calls you could probably
switch that in this menu in this fair
all right what this game was willfully
strange Jack he will I you know what I
figured that out get out my thing
yeah you all when the time comes okay
it'll happen automatically sure this
this is a rest area before the boss that
big s is a safe oh okay I definitely
want to get that then there's a--there's
a health pickup yeah treasure treasure
chest
hey Louie nice yeah nice and a luchador
mask Oh what
that's great
days and Calgary but at the
progressing
what's even a fragment of the spirit of
rust remains in your blood remember the
first soup folks they your master what
that's right you had a wrestling move
you remembered an old professional
wrestling move what's this can't be a
real game that that unlocks are
grappling move that you can use on the
boss if you stun the boss Jesus Christ
then don't forget to say don't go there
yeah go to the S so that's the boss yeah
yeah big the next match point is boss
get to fucking hit it can i lock on oh
oh oh and you found the first person
apparently with no enemies are inside Z
is the first person can I
okay okay and safe okay that was the
craziest wrestling move what you save on
the toilet
toilet paper comes across the screen
black in your junk this is great I'm
giving rich a look right
I'm giving rich a lot if Jack doesn't
like this game he has no soul ah I'm not
I might be over writing one of your
saved files this is your you oh that's
right you're not writing anything that's
true um I might argue not aged well this
game man the second one plays better hmm
just the style alone though I love this
game the characters the storytelling the
voice acting the weirdness it's very
weird you can pick up the health again
okay it's enough yeah they're just a
thing when you get out of the same room
that's they seem to respond oh great
my bad oh I'm sure my battery's fine
okay fuck I'm not complaining about
toilet paper by the way I'm just being
it's it's it's it's a lot it's a lot to
take in the transitions
I love the transitions
this might be one of those situations
where I've heard so much good about this
game that I might be harsher on it okay
just because okay it wasn't this in the
intro clip it means reef clipping this
guy
no yeah it looks like Canada nah melee
big red hair the spikes around his eyes
this is paradise the place where dreams
are fulfilled
well you've had your dream old man time
to wake up what saying turn sometimes I
guess they can't hear it too well
sure oh yeah soon as I can posit next
I'll turn on subtitles are they just
gonna game audio through the mics no
they're getting game on your game it's
just not that long well you know they
might have it down we might be louder
yeah see if that's bobbing well i can't
turn on subtitles now or else i skip the
cutscene
oh it's fun you can take that to your
grave
alright I'll pause it here I'm gonna
pause it for subtitles somebody said the
problem is riches more entertaining when
he hates something and Jack is more
entertaining on he likes that's probably
true yeah okay
not a way of ranking side job config
yeah probably them config yeah subtitles
okay I'm you can turn the Wiimote
speaker on or off I will keep that on I
guess okay it's true it's true I I think
I am more enjoyable when I am enjoying
something it's especially in a game like
this I feel like it's hard to articulate
fuckin hell instructors no waste enough
you wasted out of crap oh oh okay
camera is a little unwieldy during
points
when it starts block and do the kicks
Hey
why did that happen anyway oh my god
well on a willow whatever you you you've
done the right time code or like a
little slow motion kind of mode see
visit over these legs off my oh yeah but
it goes through like an eighth long an
hour long tutorial and it doesn't tell
me that that seems like an important
part
they gave you the basics
that seems like an important deal
what does happen oh my god why is the
pre-lab disease loosened up two or three
oh my god that's the thing that have
this Jack I'm sorry
no he's not the right one
what is happening you're you're fighting
the guy I don't know what's so confusing
about this
okay okay okay okay okay
I'm good I'm good
can you switch who you're targeting
trying to remember
thank you can and the second
I think actually I ran out of juice
oh fuck if you're in trouble if you
don't have to juice it all the way up
dude I need juice I'm not super internal
so that's right
oh okay good I got rid of one of this
fucking the student duffle get your
things in the other one okay great
okay that's no
good good Jack needs blessed process
crippled but he's got stars in do the
kick
okay
I need to think of things to say yeah
yeah I agree rich period here in terms
of the tent here I'm playing low attack
do more damage yeah I'm starting to
think that sonic must have been a good
game after all I did you want your just
to the side of them apparently you
didn't get the help
oh there's a help is the VIP in chess
okay every boss has one health drop and
one badly drop
Oh
until he dies thank you rich what do you
think about Shrek this not Yeah right
maybe maybe because you're smashmouth
thing what's going on I don't know if
the chat knows about that
Jack Jack has recently founded plenty to
start playing smash mom told me the
world is gonna roll me I ain't the
sharpest - yeah just breaks out into
smash mom specifically all-star yeah we
went bowling with her birthday and he
put it on the jukebox like four times
four times where does that
and it's it's a thing though and and
everybody's everybody's waiting for this
thing that's up from to get tired of it
but Shrek this is stupid meme on the
internet right now is it
why wreck is a meme right I guess that's
not true I this kind of phrase we're
just talking about what's-his-face
well I drop like I was goddamn name my
parents yeah my fires
no it's much possible those it was a
thing that was remember what started it
was our last stream our last group
stream it's the Smash Mouth game was the
game play power I just want to be number
one
great yeah all right all right my I'm
having issues with it I don't feel
I'm not feeling the combat it's what I'm
is what I'll tell ya go me to tickle oh
yeah why don't you take the next level
this one I'm not I'm not super feeling
the combat I'm not feeling like the
combat is very even after the eight
hours of tutorial I don't feel like the
combat is very intuitive as far as when
you're actually fighting someone no no
jacket say that but watch watch how I
handled it well rich you're much better
at games and I mean outs which everyone
knows that I'm terrible at video games
Oh Jack what oh I do I do suck at the
game it's not the Wii Motion shit that's
fine it's it's the mixture of like how
you're supposed to like all the
different moves and how they play
together it just doesn't feel no no it
doesn't feel right
he's crazy pants I am Jack I never
played a game with me like how about I
have but they handle the handle things
like countering differently like I games
were you like have to watch an enemy's
movement counter does stuff I'm okay
with that but I don't know just the way
it was laid out on the Wii mode if I
could play this game with a controller I
think I would dig it you can play the
second one I think I would really dig
that oh there's a person up here try
again there's a version of this I own on
the ps3 that's all control all
controller I would dig the shit out of
that really yeah I could imagine we
could give this another shot
boom I like it
like it somewhere heroes 1.5
telegin says new who are old who I can
only assume you're talking about dr. who
none of the above is that an option well
for you it isn't for me I really like
the new run of Doctor Who up until I
don't know whatever season I got better
it got bad after after the the Angels
Take Manhattan and including Angels Take
Manhattan fuck that after David Tennant
no you know what the first season the
first two seasons with Matt Smith were
really good oh I really I really dug
there's a whole thing with this enemy
called the silence that was super badass
and then after that it went off the
walls
off the walls are off the rails both
some body once told me that Jack isn't
good at video games I did I did like the
new Doctor Who except for most recent
Doctor Who but like no I was his name
the food the first new doctor is still
my favorite doctor Aaron what's his name
now he was the bad guy in Thor - I
haven't seen Thor - what was his name
what was the first new doctor back he
was my favorite don't tell me you play
with her cat like cats
Eccleston Thank You Christopher
Eccleston it was my favorite doctor he
was a really great doctor um so I
thought everybody hated him Eccleston
yeah dumb people he played it right I
started watching those stuff that season
with him I could not get into it well I
tried to like watch like 10 episodes I'm
just like it really got that far but I
don't know if it was ten but it wasn't
it was more than a few because then the
first episode Rose is terrible it's just
I couldn't yeah that was that one was
killer killer mannequins yes crazy dumb
really bad all around but once I got
past that I was really starting to enjoy
it but yeah I know and David Tennant was
good too but Eccleston Eccleston had the
depth because it was like that was like
right after the time
anyway it's like I've officially given
up because I like my games
really what are you doing right nested
I'm watching games you don't watch game
play game story is reward for playing
game there are so many other avenues to
get story if you're looking to and why
is this an illegitimate one because it's
an interactive medium you know you want
to read a book you want to watch a movie
that passive you let the story happen
right this is a it's a chance for a new
thing I wanna this is not my quote and I
forget where I hear it but it would be
like it would be like a wanting your
movie it'd be like a like reading words
off of a movie screen that's what this
is I want this movie to be more like a
book so we put a bunch of words on
screen write a game you should be it
should be interactive
all the story elements should be
revealed through gameplay I don't think
should because I love this game and this
game doesn't do that yeah so saying your
way is the only way is kind of I've no
no this is this is my opinion
all right I'm giving you alright it's is
this is just the true oh my god remove
cutscene remove jack yeah probably not
gonna happen
fucking opening car love Star Wars what
a terrible idea
alright by the way listen
it's fucking gonna scene in a movie they
don't need opening crawls foreign movies
do do that they have subtitles and I
don't like subtitles I don't like
subtitles because then it makes me not
watch the movie it makes me read that's
true twitchplayspokemon it's crazy to me
that you're still here
Star Wars handled a lot of exposition
through the words on the screen not all
of it was necessary you know I know
you're gonna get hammered for Star Wars
I'm doing bring us saying anything if I
knew it was just gonna happen okay well
here so here's the thing what does the
opening crawl tell us right there's the
rebel forces and the Empire which is
something we found out in the next scene
it tells us that Princess Leia is on a
secret mission which is something we
found out in the next scene right
everything the opening crawl of Star
Wars tells us we find out in the next
scene so it's kind of what do you say
vestigial it's unnecessary okay so the
opening carlin Star Wars was more an
homage to serials past and not 100%
necessary and we're gonna see how much
shit I get for this oh yeah yeah I'm
just sitting back and waiting right now
yeah yeah Jack is illiterate and half
behind uh it tells us words most iconic
crawl in a movie ever and I deem it
unnecessary
yes if you cut out that crawl the movie
is still good if you cut out that crawl
the movie still stands and and nothing
is harmed
therefore it is unnecessary that's a
true thing I'm saying damn don't argue
I'm taking it I'm taking a deep I don't
know let's see here someone is saying
I'm more hated than Ray Rice listen I
don't hit my wife y'all yeah
and I'm with you guys that's right jack
is technically correct that's someone's
best best defensive me I am technically
correct yeah Star Wars is not a perfect
movie it's a great movie but it's not a
perfect movie there are many there are
there are a couple logic flaws and Star
Wars there are a couple jumps leaps and
Star Wars as far as beating up a tree
for coconut yes a job between okay so in
any case I'm right about the brawl and
Star Wars being unnecessary and you guys
are wrong and that's fine
what's my definition of a perfect movie
I've talked about this on the stream
before Black Swan Black Swan is not the
greatest movie ever told but it is a
perfect movie it is a movie in which all
camera characters scenery everything
adds to storytelling Black Swan is a
perfect movie it's not the greatest in
the world but it's a perfect movie that
is a movie they should teach
Jack digs his own grave the stream Joss
Joss is pretty good damn move and tell
you what nah let's see here
Jack stop stop stop it's not I'm not
ever going to stop Black Swan is boring
fuck you Black Swan was great no I'm
right and lock Castle hunker down says
he agree that it's unnecessary but he
doesn't think that it unnecessarily did
tracks from the awesomeness of the movie
that's the thing I'm not saying that
because Star Wars has a crawl it's a bad
movie just like also because like video
games cutscene and rinse not a fan video
game how many times have I told you that
I'm like cut seams there's something I
deal with you know like I don't I think
miffed oh you've told me it's something
nation that should never happen is what
you're basically told yes in in a
perfect world once video games evolved
as an art form we will see the end of
cutscenes is something that I believe
cutscenes happen now and there are games
that I really enjoy with cutscenes you
can do artistic things with cutscenes
that you can't do it just like people
talking into the radio so like I'm not
I'm not saying that all cutscenes are
absolutely bad I'm just saying that I
don't like them
Black Swan was just a classier version
of showgirls that's funny so I don't
know jack is office man it's true guys
I'm pretty tired
