Daylight Saving SUPER time FORCE
November 2, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCCd7qbrCRg

so it's quite possible that we're
streaming but also possible that we're
not at all these are the two options
that we are streaming or not streaming
Schrodinger stream you're doing what
Schrodinger stream yes we our stream
exists in a realm where it's neither
streaming nor not streaming we won't
know till it's observed exactly yes I
think it's working
I see nothing going on in the streamer
my is offline for me you might have to
refresh mine is going my mine is going
so you might want to refresh yours cuz I
think we're streaming fiction it no this
is not pictionary guys this is my new
just wait yell animation that I made
this afternoon which I'm very excited
about wait to see this rich it's very
exciting it's loading video oh great
here's what sorry I my I guess we're
echo going on because I can hear these
stream audio and I'm turning that off
now oh good okay okay good good turn
that off now it's not time for that so
he actually did pictionary just wait
y'all screens I did I did a a an MS pain
- just wait y'all screen and yeah you're
seeing what it is now I just wanted to
show off a little bit of my mad drawing
skills rich and I'm very excited about
it and that's all
it's just a stupid little loop and I
love it uh so anyway hi everybody
welcome to the sunday night hack and a
half stream extravaganza so are you
starting with a super time force I want
to start with super time force yes okay
okay the cool you know and it's I don't
have to a super time force was was a
game that I would like to revisit
because last time I played it I I was a
little I was drinking and I was a little
ornery and it wasn't a game of my flavor
and everyone kept on saying I needed to
give it another chance of real chance
and so because today is daylight saving
time I thought it would be a fun pun to
do super time force daylight savings
super time force also we don't have to
we could just play Monaco and I could
end with super time force whatever you
wonder do you want to do it's fine the
question for you rich is do you feel how
late do you feel like going cuz you know
we could just we could start with Monaco
than if you want to drop off later I
know you've been working all day you
know what you you you didn't like super
time for us last time but you're playing
it pretty late maybe you should start
with it this time okay just to give it
the best possible chance to work for you
sure sure
daylight saving was a week ago no
daylight saving was yesterday
daylight saving was yesterday or this
morning it was at 2:00 o'clock this
morning today is the start or the today
is the end of daylight saving at least
it was here you know I mean it might be
different elsewhere I don't know I don't
know things worse other places in the
world even do that ridiculous daylight
savings business I think it's only
America and like a few American colonies
okay so not in Europe silly Americans I
know I'm sorry look there's people those
people here who think it's a dumb idea
there are petitions
and daylight savings and I'm all for it
I agree I I don't understand the point
of daylight saving it's not there's no
there's no ass daylight saving it's not
in you to say savings because I don't
give a fuck
the touchet my friend
the other thing hopefully everyone in
the chat is noticing is rich and I had a
out of professionalism and actually
tested out our Skype call and our audio
before we started streaming so hopefully
everyone is hearing us at approximately
equal volumes and so tell us if you are
or if we've I've messed up somehow this
is just a thing it was for farmers to
have an extra hour of work yeah yeah no
I understand the point before we had
electricity but now we have electricity
farming is done with computers and and
in computerized tractors right great hey
sound is good rich our sound is good oh
my god that's unbelievable we're
starting to turn this into a real thing
we learn as we go um I've already played
Harvest Moon shed or at least one guy in
the chat yeah I I like the earlier
Harvest Moon games the later ones to
start getting silly so yeah Harvest Moon
are you flayed Harvest Moon I remarried
a little bit I got bored okay I got very
bored with Harvest Moon III I love back
to nature mmm that was great I'm not a
great all right that's great
I'm glad you enjoyed it I have a Harvest
Moon piracy story a Harvest Moon piracy
story I'm so excited to hear this let's
go I never would have bought a farming
simulator like ever in my life then one
day I was looking at a list of Super
Nintendo roms and I see this
crazy-looking farming game and I like
III downloaded the ROM and I played it
illegally ah illegally yes and then
sight unseen I think I paid you know
full price on release day the next five
versions of Harvest Moon that got
released because you got a chance to try
it out yes yes but let's see the key
here is though I actually did give them
money sure yeah
well really it's not a piracy story so
much as a like a demo story yes the game
should have demos demos are nice I'm not
drawing the same picture and over and
over again I did this earlier and then I
sped it up and looped it this actually
like it says two minutes it took me
about 12 minutes to draw the whole thing
but but it's on a two minute loop
because I sped it up in post I'm really
I really like my my crocodile brain and
lion brain drawing music we've we've
beat that joke into the ground oh yeah
oh you know what we've beat the joke
into the runt ground to where it's just
a reference now obviously we can't just
say that anymore but yeah yeah I'm going
to continue to make it a part of my
daily life the crocodile brain and lion
friend it is now it is now in my
repertoire okay so let's click off of
that let's get some super time force
happening um while I get super time
force happening rich do you want to you
want to tell people what was going on
today or what so a do you have any
stories to tell really don't we'll see
we'll see eventually
huh my my work today though involved you
know watching watching half naked lady
danced around for four hours so you know
it was a terrible horrible day at work
it sounds terrible it really is okay
hold on this might get loud for a second
I mean she was I mean she was so
attractive that sucks man that just
sucks hope not credits settings okay
you can't see super time for sultry yet
I'm working on it
this is a thing that I am officially
working on ultra okay and I go back here
and now you should be able to get great
man great so I don't know what do I do
here how to play you start with 60
seconds on the clock you need hey I am
seeing no game at all you will know well
in a second just making sure that's not
an error yes yeah cuz that's right you
you feel me now you hear me now what you
see video later you should see it now I
see it though okay okay sings know that
you need to make it to the end you can
time out okay great great
this is the first Halloween in four
years I didn't watch trick R treat me
and Jack actually just saw it for the
first time this Halloween we did that we
did there is an official Halloween party
I liked it yeah
it was into the individual stories of
trick-or-treat are really needs oh no I
don't remember how to play your reasons
for not liking that are just bizarre to
me there's an apology yeah I was
expecting some sort of wrapper I know
I'd liked it I liked it I liked it how
do we um how do I start over I forgot
how to play the game I hold on
sure for 21 Groundhog Day it's it's it's
well-made like classic horror type
stories it's almost like it's almost
like Tales from the Crypt with a budget
absolutely hey microfiber militia thanks
for subscribing we super appreciate it
yeah trick-or-treat is some super fun
stories
oh I've
I failed already rich I don't know oh no
I've seen videos of this game just the
style of the graphics it looks like a
bit confusing to play I also have no
idea what I'm doing I don't even know
how to shoot my gun is that bad I mean
that's bad that I can't figure out how
to shoot my gun did did you skip things
that explain this well that's the
question I've already played the the big
long tutorial section and I can't figure
out how to get back to the tutorial
levels okay okay and that's what I'd
like to do I'd like to get back to the
tutorial levels there there are you sure
there's not an option in the main menu
to replay the tutorial did you look I'll
check a lot okay let's let's return to
titles here read the instructions
absolutely yeah where's the tutorial
levels oh my god dick the bday boy dick
the bday boy thanks for subscribing
did you unsubscribe for a little bit or
is this a new dick the bday boy maybe
maybe maybe it expired what the month or
so oh sure sure that could be helping
options in any case thank you thank you
hey boy writing again oh here we go
clear save hi I just cleared my save so
now I can play the game
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna give this a
real shot this time rich because I
wasn't last time super time force
there's a cat it's pretty awesome
there's a cat you say there's a cat
alright alright
okay I've finally done it I've invented
time travel hooray for me I should say
it in his voice I've finally done it
I've invented time travel hooray for me
that's what he look like to me yeah it's
like an old man with a beard shed real
ah yeah what the fuck just happened
earthquakes fire robot army oh and I see
in a chat someone is asking about Team
Fortress 2 Halloween spooktacular
I didn't even play it I did not even
play scream fortress this year because
it was too confusing I just saw what the
update was and I said fuck it what did
they do
Team Fortress every Halloween has a
scream fortress event whether it's a
special Halloween event where they add
new maps and like new game and this year
it was a go-kart game okay I'm not
making it up a first-person shooter that
turns into a go-kart game and I said I
don't I don't want that okay okay it's
like I got two eye patches yes future
future old man doctor has two high
patches oh my god I really did it I
truly cracked the conundrums all right
can I skip no I can't skip the story I
can't skip anything I want this is a lot
of story guys
okay so we invented time travel and then
robots started attacking the city but
wait what if we caused all of this
yeah Jack what games do you refuse to
play refuse to play that's that's the
way they worded that Oh which is why I
read it because it's that's a good
question I against do I refuse to play
well now I've refused to play any Sonic
game
that's what else I just I know cuz I
know I probably won't like it
okay any any classic Sonic game you know
like Sonic Adventure maybe sonic racing
is a different thing will this count if
you played a little bit of it and never
want to touch it again well I what do
you have in mind five nights at Freddy's
I think the question is what game do you
refuse to play without playing it first
yeah I'm not trying to start a thing but
when it comes up
Mass Effect 4 you're gonna refuse I'm
gonna refuse to play that because I
don't want to get involved that universe
again sure up just a refresher for
anybody who doesn't know once that game
comes out if you want to send me a brand
new copy of Mass Effect 4 I will destroy
it on camera and we will find an awesome
way to destroy it do do you want over oh
hold on Grand Moff Kali thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it rich
do you want to destroy it live or do you
want to like film a destruction oh I
don't know
I am thought of that I you know what
it'll be ascenders choice if someone
sends you a physical copy of Mass Effect
4 it can be their choice whether they
whether they want it to be filmed
which you know like the the joy of that
is it could be an awesome er destruction
right yeah yeah or if they want it live
which might be more visceral and
exciting yes
but obviously if if it's pre-filmed we
could do something amazing and actually
tiny ends so we should probably get
comfortable with our awesome skills okay
great I have to skip this I have to skip
all these cuts okay here we go I'm
getting comfortable with my awesome
skills now rich welcome to the face with
so okay so game I refuse to play you
know what game I refuse to play because
I know I'm not gonna like him
The Last of Us okay the the zombie game
were or the fungus monsters it's
probably a fine game it's probably too
cinematic for its own good
yep that's that's what I've heard and
I'm gonna believe the people both the
people who praised it for its cinematic
qualities and the people who've been
little and for its cinematic quality I'm
gonna believe both of them and I just
know it's not gonna be a game for me so
I've refused to play it I'm gonna guess
it's too heavily scripted to be fun as a
game I that's as far as for my tastes
you know I'm sure other people like that
but for my tastes
sure okay great a jumps rich a jumps X
Oh X shoots by the way but going back to
five nights at Freddy's we can't we
can't do anything right cuz somebody
somebody messaged me on Steam and was
giving me shit for not doing five nights
at Freddy's right how how can you not
play that correctly I I don't know I we
skipped a tutorial or something I didn't
I don't remember seeing an option for
tutorial and it's not like we didn't
understand the game by the time I gave
up right right it's such an easy game
you look at the things into power
management but it's dumb but you know
almost like somebody sent me a message
and said they were disappointed in me
and I couldn't irritated me you know I
really did as it should you guys it
should even you wouldn't like a game
I don't like but then to send me a
message specifically to tell me that
you're disappointed in me doesn't that
just make you want to have more steam
friends rich these people telling you
this mess messaging you telling you you
did things wrong
which strikes me as being too immune to
emotion to play horror games no I'm too
immune to crappy jump-scare says that
whore names whore in general really
needs to be done right I like I said I
mean thief the classic view mmm that was
a scary game the people's an unsettling
unsettling kind of eerie experience five
nights at Freddy's was just a mirror
that would jump out that's exactly what
it was goody goody goody goody goo
that's exactly what it was oh I can
create a little shield let's need
someone someone was messaging me on
Steam and okay I got it and asking me
you know like after the alien review
they were saying is there is there
something in a game that really scared
you that was a question and so I know
for you we got cut out of the episode
but you were talking about the the
hammer brothers and people the hammer
brothers no the hammer haunts the hammer
haunts it's a specific type of undead
creature in thief and oh god they're
they're terrified I mean graphics wise
that games the the video game equivalent
of stick figures down at the time hammer
haunts first time I saw one made me shit
myself okay sure sure that's that's not
literal that's an exaggeration what I
was thinking like for me it was left for
dead has has an enemy called the witch
and it's this like you know skinny
creepy looking zombie that cries in a
corner and you have the ability to sneak
around the witch but if you make too
much noise she comes in a taxi and she's
a fierce enemy right every single time I
went up against a witch I was scared out
of my
because it's a really tough enemy to
beat the atmosphere was right like the
music swelled when she's around there
was this like coral like Oh kind of
thing and you could just hear this
sobbing somewhere so you know she's
close you know scared the crap out of me
there's a there's a there's a moment in
thief one's this level called
return to the Haunted Cathedral okay and
you got to you got to get this artifact
that's kind of like hovering over this
this kind of raised altar and I I jumped
over and I grab the artifact that I I
fell off the platform and I land another
ground and in the middle of the
Cathedral all these hammer haunts are
there they start chasing me and I
actually in the game ran out of that
room just in a complete blind fucking
panic like my emotional state in real
life was just fuckin panic and I ran and
I just found a staircase and i i i
cowered under that staircase that's
great the time out and a team up you
save teammates become a powerup its add
to that charge okay I did a time out and
a team up extra hit I don't know if I
understand this yet
I don't know if I understand this yet
rich I like looking at the chat and
talking to you so I'm not even okay much
such into the game into thin air press
speed to timeout and add as many hours
as you need to blast down this wall okay
Oh
okay I think I'm doing it
I did it yay
right
I'm so happy for you that you should be
you should be I'm he's giving oh yes
thank you I KJ yes I'm for for those who
came late to the stream I'm giving this
another try because my first playthrough
I didn't much care for it and everyone
told me that it's a game then I would
really like and I should give it another
try and so I'm listening I'm listening
to you guys which I know is a terrible
idea but but I'm doing it anyway because
it's daylight saving time yet any time
he wants a timeout and tagging a new
team member
more fire Park now you could have played
the French version of sands of time
oh wow that would have been good too oh
that was dumb see you you fled sands of
time um yes have on you did you play the
other ones out of curiosity no no I did
not the the second one the the warrior
William God they like completely sold
out and one for lowest common
denominator yeah the the the Prince just
turned into a badass quote badass sure
sure
you know he was kind of like you know an
arrogant but but regal kind of character
you know he was he was a aristocrat crap
and in the second game he was like one
of the first things he says just shut up
bitch Flo's beating on somebody yeah
they got thick jelly they got a fair on
oh man well that's I mean that's that's
what they do right that's how they
handle sequels
completely redeem themselves with those
third one open but
I mean shut up Josh wait oh okay I get
it
all right I'm chef saying he was in a
restaurant I don't know if that's the
right word you mean he knows of noble
noble blood he wasn't he wasn't a
scumbag
sure yeah he wasn't a scumbag oh my god
what what can't a man rich what I don't
know I don't know what I'm doing that's
okay you're giving it another shot
I am
oh do I need to what
do I need to kill these that I don't get
this
or maybe I do I don't know okay
for like a game for a game that looks so
simple and is just about like people
shooting things it's very complicated I
just don't know if my tiny brain can
handle this okay folks I'm loading up a
live-fire combat simulation this is the
real deal you've got 60 seconds to make
it across the battlefield then you've
got 30 timeouts and you run out of those
while it's game over but this is no damn
game rich what do you think of Mormons
yeah how can anybody believe that shit
that's what I think of Mormons because
you know warminster they're relatively
recently you know in the grand scheme of
religions and now you can take a look
where do we see that it's like a fraud
and a gun a convicted con man who said
that he found what was it
gold-plated Scriptures points yeah yeah
Jewish Indian and he can translate with
the help of magic scrolls and then he
can't show you that the golden Scrolls
anymore because because they were taken
back by the angels or something like
that yeah now it's clear obvious
bullshit I don't I don't know what your
problem is rich
you know it's one of those things where
I'm sure individual people can be nice I
have a relative that converted to
Mormonism
oh do you I love them but I don't know
what the fuck they're thinking ha ha ha
sure sure um I think that's fair oh okay
I'm dying I'm dying
okay I did again I'm dead again what do
I do here why do here it's okay I do
this sign that's to answer the chat
family get-togethers aren't fun for
anybody my family drinks a lot so
they're pretty fun Chad says Jesus stop
jumping into them well I'm figuring it
out chat settle down is that what I
guess I'm saying I'm missing the glory
to whatever the Glore bar
Jesus stop jumping into them yeah
somebody keeps asking what our pain is
on virtual reality gaming um I haven't
ever virtual reality games so I really
can't give you a strong opinion I'm it
seems like it would be expensive haha
like do you have any interest in oculus
rift Inge because it's still something
that's probably a ways away
I don't know well I guess maybe it's
closer than it was 10 years ago so I
don't know much about the oculus rift so
okay I can't really say all right I am I
think I think the lack of tactile sense
if you yeah you could look around but
you couldn't really interact with things
sure I think I think that might be
annoying mm-hmm I have a worry that I'm
going to have the same problem with that
that I have with regular 3d in which
which is I'm a man who wears glasses so
I cannot put another thing on top of my
face without it being uncomfortable like
right now I'm wearing headphones and
that's uncomfortable because they're
pushing up against my ears you know
and pushing my ears into my glasses into
my skull yeah by the timeout timeout is
like the greatest weapon since the Uzi
used it and make me proud okay
now I'm back to where it was are there
any video game based movies you enjoy
watching no not particularly
that's it all right I'm trying to think
of there's actually been a piece of one
ever for any game
I mean Super Mario Brothers obviously
it's the greatest movie just I mean in
general
Jeff would make a great addition to the
team great what a my thoughts on final
fantasy
it's a JRPG and I wouldn't touch it with
a ten-foot pole ah okay
well then there you go the RPGs famous
for a repetitive boring combat series
where you have no control over what
happened I'm just kind of on the rails
oh that's great let's grind boring
battles I know what I know what I need
to do here people settle down I think I
know what I need to do Oh
damnit I think I know what I need to do
I'm just not doing it very well I think
I need to get in there and shield him
yes I did it i Shi lit him and I rescued
him everything's great now what did I
think of his work I basically never
played an excerpt it's just a little bit
too late for me
my my my adventure gaming started with
the Sierra games your King's Quest
especially your space class I love Space
Quest fuck you you've never played any
of those old adventure games Jeff no no
I have not
you wouldn't hate them I don't know you
would know you would flatout him sure
promise Lee I don't know because I know
it would no you know what adventure
games I'm okay with because I get it I
get what they're going for
and so I can because they literally are
nothing but story I my feel like I can I
can be okay with them if that makes any
sense
my winning and because they usually do a
decent job of of having like interesting
character or stories you know whereas
other games try to find the middleman
between games and stories I mean yes I I
definitely played quest for glory one
but I was one of my favorites actually I
played that what I'm still just called
hero's quest they actually change the
name at some point I don't remember why
it was having some ghetto rights issue
sorry jack no no worries I'm just
playing I had to do that
okay well glory quest for glory two
might be my favorite adventure game of
all time Oh
you are the time okay great mess with
the bull you get the horns great or not
great I think I'm at my first boss Oh
nope nope I'm not
Oh what
must have camera those
what did I play the new region as for
glory - probably not
I played whatever one was came out first
I played him what it was to do out at
the time so whatever the earlier version
was that's that's what I played Jack
why'd we burgers from the best of the
worst episode did we eat those burgers I
hear you there but how can you hear me
they're asking about the burgers yes the
the funnier is well that's the funny
answer yeah so yes we absolutely all
those burgers and the we ate the VHS
tape as well no we did not eat any of
those burgers actually filmed on my
birthday
mm-hmm and we actually had a little
cookout before that what you saw before
cooking
we're leftovers yes yes
Boop oh no I suck at this game you're
saying which is cutting in and out it
could be just because my Internet's
wonky sometimes my internet just cuts
out briefly mm-hmm it's stutters kind of
like a loose connection like Steve's
temporarily like you're offline I'm
gonna go right back on sure that's a
normal thing I think that happened last
time too where it's like you were oh no
you were like glitchy and that happens
oh yes I know I'm running into them
again I'm working on it people I am
officially working on it okay I know I
know I know
I'll Jack a chat saying at least
somebody in the chat is saying this game
sucks um I tend to agree with it's very
complicated I'm not I'm not feeling this
game I'll tell you one yeah there's a
there's something here that I want there
we go if I sound tired it's because I
filmed for space cop all day no I'm now
I'm here talk to you guys so appreciate
it fuckers
ha ha ha I do I appreciate that you're
here oh I think it's great that you're
here I'm excited that uh that's right
yes them good that we're gonna be done
streaming you the night somebody's gonna
message me on unseen we're never to say
no I'm really disappointed that you
didn't like five nights at Freddy's I'm
disappointed in you personally yes
that's absolutely the case I'm
disappointed in you personally you have
rich you failed us
no come on oh now I'm not gonna get the
thing right cuz oh dammit not gonna get
the time thing there's time things rich
here's the time thing okay oh my god
right that's actually the part I hate
about this game the most is that it's
timed and I get it that it's like super
time force or whatever but damn it I'm
just not feeling this game second shot
that's something sure you know I'm sure
all of my scenes shot now it's Rob
almost almost there's one little scene
we need to do with me and then one
slightly larger scene basically two more
scenes with space company one of them
one of them should be really short
mm-hmm feel fairly easy that's great
that's great
and then there's gonna be oddball things
we need like dope
shot of building X exterior sure shit
like that mm-hmm
and then a just a shit ton of
post-production work yes dude finish
building models scream so much post
somebody is saying it's time so that you
use your time warp abilities are not
that advice I'll Jack I'm just reading
things I know I'm sure I'm sure there's
a very good explanation for it being
timed I'm just not feeling it
and I'm also not winning which is very
frustrating oh wait
somebody's asking if I've got a new
computing box yet yeah that'll be the
next major parties yes can't wait I
can't wait to get my hands in a new a
computational box
I hear they use magnetic disk disks now
oh is that true punch cards yes oh
that's great news
oh wait did that get rid of all of my
past selves oh damn it Jack you're not
utilizing your entire team and time warp
I I know this is my problem with the
game except I'm not utilizing my entire
team in time warp that was a calm
comment I think they're just trying to I
know I know I know it's you know for me
playing it's very frustrating because I
know I'm not doing the thing that I
should be doing and I don't I just don't
get it I don't get what I'm supposed to
be doing
oh god damn it I gotta go back I think I
have to go back in time more I think
this is my problem I mean John oh my me
this guy which is PC is so old the piece
short for punch card haha nice okay
there there we go there we go
oh good I got extra time I got more time
god damn it
so he's asking it from making space cop
intentionally bad I wouldn't say that I
mean it's gonna be somewhat
tongue-in-cheek just like everything we
do
oh hey we have a new subscriber check
the channel um I just started what the
fuck
rumbles fugly thank you
we very much appreciate your
subscription no Andy and by the way you
cannot make something intentionally bad
well sure like I suppose you can right
shark that's thought that's sharknadoes
thing is they decided to make something
intentionally bad well there's there's
intentionally bad and then there's
tongue-in-cheek
yes well you're just kind of playing up
the silliness you know it will be in the
style of red letter media basically you
know all of those half in the bag skits
think that kind of tone just from what
I've seen oh man there there are some
scenes that I'm so excited for people to
see rich and I know you you as well yeah
but oh man there are some things that as
far as I'm concerned our movie making
funny and which I mean like they're so
funny they make the movie you know
you're right on time I get ya this this
is try this game is trying to be cute
and I'm not in the mood let's you know
that Ridge okay I went to the past and
built this little
okay
marry fucker killed George Lucas 1980s
George Lucas mid-90s or George Lucas now
oh my god that's well you kill you kill
the 95 one right because then you stop
prequels from happening and then you
just don't have to worry about it
because then he's dead
you uh you marry wait what were the
years again and now I guess you fucked
fuck 80s why not no no you think you're
thinking about it wrong though you
married the 80s one before he's super
famous so there's no prenup so you can
divorce them and have a shit ton of
money then of course you have to fuck
modern-day Lucas but that's worth it cuz
you're rich ok see I was thinking you
know murder in the 90s one stop prequels
right and marry the null one because
he's gonna die soon yeah we get
everything you get everything I know but
he's rich now so he'd have you sign a
prenup he's the kind of asshole that
would have you sign a prenup but but
that's that's for like a divorce if he
just dies that's different right
so you marry the past one and then kill
know then again by the way you marry the
past one and kill the 90s one so yeah
you married the now one you kill the pet
the 90s one well give her the People's
you you you marry them the NA one yeah
obviously this doesn't make sense cuz
he's killed him a 95 he'd still be dead
but it's fucking game okay
see marry the NA one then he dies then
you get everything
uh-huh and then you just left over in
1980 so I guess I guess fuck just you
know it's left over so yeah I don't
especially want to fuck any incarnation
if George Lucas yeah yeah I'm with you
who do you prefer modern Lucas or modern
Shem Elam Oh God they're both completely
irrelevant to my life
i-i'll be honest I haven't seen either I
don't think I don't think I've seen me I
haven't seen red tails and I haven't
seen woes modern cha Milan he did The
Last Airbender I haven't seen either oh
so oh so unfortunately I cannot make
that call I'm sure they're both terrible
cuz I mean I like watching movies out of
time out of time can't damn it oh I get
it
I get what I'm doing wrong I'm doing so
many things wrong rich is it that's the
right answer so that's good I'm reading
the chat and talk to you and I'm not
looking at the game much at all that's
fine dumb
Jesus
damnit
damn it damn it damn it okay this guy
I'll take care of that oh there's a slow
down thing I want that check why don't
you play a real game for once instead of
these 2d pixel shooters cuz you know
jack to be pixel shooters
they're not real game no no they're not
real games at all you know I like 2d
pixel shooters and obviously I know
they're not real games and I guess I'd
do it to piss you off I do it just for
just for you because only lowly battle
machine 3 to 2 knows what a real game is
goalless battle machine 322 they make
that decision yeah yeah yes it's what
they like and those are the only
acceptable real games
yes I agree and you know what I'm gonna
go ahead and agree shit son of a bitch
rich how many hours how many hours in
your life were spent playing farmville
uh zero farmville farm gold back back
before they let you have multiple farms
hmm my girlfriend actually used my
Facebook account to play farmville maybe
she wanted another farm oh my god so I
don't know if they store farmville
records anyway are my fiance's hahaha
she made a Facebook page for her dog
haha so she can have another farm oh my
god I don't think she's played that game
in a while but she used to be she used
to be a farmville addict back in the
dating back into farmville heyday she
was know that she was in on the ground
floor I don't know if that's something
you should be excited about necessarily
okay I think I think I got this down now
so my other means gonna get that one I
get this one and then we just beat them
faster I want to say I'm understanding
this more the more I play it but I'm
just not this is the truth
rich why aren't you camping out tonight
for call of duty advanced warfare days 0
launch edition because I have taste oh
my god
oh snap you just snap them rich I did I
did
just snap them right in the right in the
schism in Grim Fandango yes or no well
yes yes definitely yes
yeah rich has a lot of love for Grim
Fandango I was actually upset when I
found out that the current remastering
isn't a full-on remake cuz I already own
you know the original I don't you know I
guess it's nice that the remastering
good but I could play that I could play
that game whatever I walk you know
yeah I'm with you I'm with you I'm
excited because I I don't have the game
right now and so I'm excited about
getting the game in general and playing
it on my Vita is gonna be fantastic
whenever it comes out if it comes out
I'm sure it'll come out and eventually I
did it rich
I won good for you jack
I feel no accomplishment I'm gonna tell
you that I don't feel I don't feel like
I've I've overcome obstacles I'm not
feeling this game officially I'm not
feeling this game well how long do you
want to put into it this is how long I'm
putting into it you're done now I'm done
right now okay so we take it a break
we'll take a little break
and we'll start up Monaco oh okay they
play in different time periods that's
fun it's gonna take a look here this is
the home of the time travel engine great
Forbes Argo Bay shards
oh sure so it has like a in-game economy
unlock stuff yeah great
super exit force yeah uh hold on
Hey look at that alright look at that oh
you're not seeing him I just uh
semi-enclosed it I closed it and and now
the B just wait y'all me drawing a
crocodile oh I thought you're just
excited because you closed the game Hey
look at that if I had the ability to
send this game back I might would bud
we will probably need a crew for Monaco
I think rich and I have not played two
minutes of time into the game is what I
have so our our first playthroughs is
just gonna be rich and I so that we can
kind of learn the game and then I think
once we once we figure it out then maybe
we'll open it up to a couple extra
people maybe we'll see we yeah we'll see
um why is that a green dog
I have no drawing ability whatsoever so
this is the best that I could come up
with this afternoon don't you take that
shit Jack don't you don't you take that
one there they're criticizing your
drawing skills that's fun septa below
I'm unacceptable I am okay with them
criticizing my drawing skills cuz I know
I don't have any I'm hoping that I in
fact have so little drawing skills that
that they think it's it's cute that I
try so yes Jack draws like he plays
super time force poorly you're correct
i am i added the poorly part weight
promises were made about what they they
apparently missed it when you talked
about the angry video game nerd oh i
talked about that last week i know IRA
now for a quick catch-up before we take
a break i really did not like the movie
in fact i found it to be insulting ly
bad because I know that the angry video
game nerd he also does movie stuff right
and I've heard him talk about movie
stuff and I find him is talking about
movies to be generally competent so I I
was so disappointed by that movie not
like I was expecting anything great it
was just it was just really bad it's a
really bad movie it has so many flaws
that that it shocks me that it was ever
made like I can't believe it shocks me
it shocks me that like you know because
I think he kick-started it or something
you know and and that he put that out to
the people who backed it is shocking I
don't want to speak like great I don't
want to like make any personal attacks
against the angry video game Barrett I
just think he made a really bad movie so
that is all yeah Ben is all he I think
you're right he was running on pure
instance and it's very it's a lot
different making movies than it is
criticizing them so yeah that's all that
was that's kind of the the short version
of what I said last week that'll be up
on the youtubes or whatever that's true
you know what the AVGN movie was almost
as bad as red letter media movies I have
I mean like if if I'm gonna be a fair
critic like feeding frenzy right feeding
frenzies has some technical problems
mm-hmm obviously it's a no budget movie
I don't believe any of the problems are
in the story okay I think that feeding
frenzy is is a simple but competent
story told correctly you know everything
happens for a purpose all the characters
actions make sense right obviously it
was done for I want to say the budget
for feeding frenzy was $15 because
that's what they spent on my sandwich
the day I was shooting there so what I
thought I haven't seen it I'm just I'm
just not interested mm-hmm I mean I'm
not a super huge fan of that stick I
don't I don't begrudge him at all but I
mean
that character got old for me a long
time ago mmm it's like yeah I get a
diarrhea uh-huh and is here I get it's
got a movie and now you know good for
him
but just not interested in seeing it
yeah oh by the way Matt's be for 25 it
makes a really good point which is rlm
didn't ask fans to pay for feeding
frenzy and that's why you forgive some
of the negatives that's right
that's like there was I think there was
added pressure on AVGN because it was
fan funded and that kind of ups the
stakes a little bit I mean also yeah
they're two different styles of comedies
and I'm I agree with rich of 100% I do
not much care for his style of comedy
and then that's fine you know like with
any of our reviews or criticisms in
general if you like it I'm glad for you
I'm glad that you found enjoyment
I just didn't much care for it yeah it
was a $15 sandwich it was a it was the
the Thanksgiving sandwich have you ever
had this rich no it's the most amazing
sandwich in the world it's roasted
turkey it's it's it's downtown by the
bank one building I forget the name of
the sandwich shop it's an amazing
sandwich shop it's roasted turkey
stuffing cranberry sauce all on toasted
bread it's a Thanksgiving sandwich and
it's amazing it's a grace if you say so
if you say so I think the most amazing
sandwich would have some form of steak
and cheese on it
myself I mean no disrespect to steak and
cheese maybe some grilled onions I mean
you're just you just want a cheesesteak
just like you know there's other like
cheesesteaks great I'm not no no
disrespect to cheesesteaks the ultimate
sandwich is some form of cheesesteak mmm
you know it's okay that we have this
disagreement
hmm I oh by the way I agree like AVGN
was kind of stuck you can't make that
gag last a full movie yeah and this is
this is the thing but but also like
beyond that like if it was just the gag
that got old I that would have been
forgiven the story made no sense the
characters were inconsistent everything
failed about the head movie the jokes
fell flat and there were some there were
some funny ideas of jokes in the movie
and they fell flat and like the forced
characterization like his his friend
nerd falling in love with the girl
whoever has seen the movie knows what
I'm talking about at the last minute the
last two minutes of the movie is them
falling in love that's terrible anyway I
don't want to talk about that anymore
let's take a break and I'm gonna refill
my water here and then we'll watch and I
will play so Monaco and Rey so hey watch
me draw some crocodile 9 brains
for like two minutes
