Rich builds a PC (Part 1)
December 3, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPjGdq6baGM

if everything works as it should people
should be seeing bunch of tools a table
let's see if it's working happening ho
people are saying is happening that's
very exciting
how did you make it full sorry I don't
interview is one you'll see the video
shows it is that we need to consent
oh oh it's weird yummy you look the hi
guys welcome welcome to rich fields of
PC and I get exciting up in here big ok
everything's working everything's
working fine I know my shit the
anti-static wrist strap I know you guys
are gonna go on and on about that haha
damn it yes we are purposely not showing
you the frustration not showing you the
frustration of Rich's face as he builds
our audio is a little low
I'm building a PC why do you need to see
my face you see the PC do with it you
people it's JJ playing the piano no I
was I was listening back to our board
game stream and you know during our
board game stream we didn't have any
music playing or anything so I got some
royalty-free ethical music playing in
the background just to spice something
up you can tell me you tell me if it's
distracting or what I tried to keep it
quiet I tried to keep it quiet so you
guys can't really I think it's nice to
have something yes Malik wing not a GUI
now that is exactly what did you see
Richards face thank him they see a face
cam too rich was just texting me last
night saying if you believe he believed
that his computer broke it's gets about
to go out it's like really slow in doing
anything right now
I had trouble even getting it to start
last night so actually yes he's actually
using static Wriston which is very
important for all these lovely new
pieces oh I know these guys just wanted
to see me fuck up and not know how to do
anything
I'm sure that's what was going on
there's people who are just going home
right out there turning this off yeah
you Barry yeah oh that's me he's doing
something right how is he supposed to
getting fun
okay so so we're doing this with an
audience yeah it should be well I look
at that piece of hardware rich yeah
that's impressive
yes it is putting anti-static bags I'm
gonna get inside out yeah so I can put
the motherboard on it that's even
further help of rent staff and that's
great please know I'm very grateful we
are doing we're very excited we're very
excited about of the BC building I am
very exciting rich is more excited than
me um what I'm excited about is not
having bring my computer in here anymore
this is this is technically a work PC
that rituals just keep at his house but
I'm really excited that I don't have to
bring my heavy ass computer in anyway
this might be from a Clockwork Orange I
don't know it's Symphony number three
yeah so the motherboard is an Asus brand
Wow
he says her Asus Saturn how you perhaps
a s us a z97 a which isn't too flashy
but it should get the job done
oh mama gotta - Oh gigabyte sticks of
RAM
Kingston HyperX fury whatever the word
my she asked name they want to give it
the HyperX period but uh this right here
hold on wrench before you get into that
what Professor Pun down a little bit
professor pun thank you for subscribing
be very much appreciated a processor is
an Intel i7 core it's a fanciest if you
cooler i've ever had i'm not doing water
cooling because that just seems like an
accident waiting to happen
you know water in computers that's a
great idea up goes bad and you are for
fun that's all i got this thing ok which
is is it's gigantic it's bigger than I
thought it would be when I bought it
yeah it's giant
if it sticks pretty much straight up
yeah once you install it that's great I
would feel they're saying it would be
nice to see a list of um I mean I'm I'm
telling them what it is right now I'll
hear yeah guys I'm here oh and
twitchplayspokemon says the water just
ends up being air-cooled so it doesn't
really matter I mean you got got a hose
that breaks or something man where's
that water gonna go back exactly
hey that German dude thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it also favorite
customer we appreciate your subscription
as well rich they're saying you should
look into liquid nitrogen cooling I've
seen somebody do that online as a video
it's completely impractical but it's
it's the coolest thing ever
yeah the audio might be a little out of
sync with what we're doing but it's not
like it's not that important oh they are
leasing a little rich base that'll
happen from time to time you've seen it
before you guys no way look like
no more riches look oh space Comeau is
saying jack please tell rich not to use
asus suite with the motherboard okay
apparently that's a piece of software
that comes with the book all right
his pc would randomly freeze until he
honest billing now they're saying don't
open the CPU tray until absolutely ready
to go God CPU at first oh oh he's put
the CPU in for it guys verax actually
know what should probably put that back
plate George do that for I guess what I
think what everyone's saying rigid yet
it's not used to doing this in front of
an audience right actually gives you
shit about what I'm doing I know you
know we'll rich will probably start
installing the OS tonight but with all
of the downloads and updates that will
happen we will not be streaming from
richest people yeah but uh I've heard
there's a whole bunch of tweaking you
should do when you're using a solid
state hard drive which anybody wasn't
listening earlier I didn't hear previous
streams I did break down and buy one on
my own pocket so this is this is this
giant ass cooler um it's a joke this
thing is bigger than the computer rich
phoenix has a really good question
yeah other spikes in this no running out
of room yeah I'm quickly running out I
see that ah good good times I get some
other way if you just put this somewhere
absolutely oh okay I just decide let's
just decide okay I'm here I'm here to
assist rich
hi I'll tell you this I'm really liking
classical music in the background you
can't get it now I've never installed
one of these fancy coolers so you're
gonna sit and watch nothing well I read
the manual that's fine that's not what
do you guys want to talk about for a
little bit you guys want to talk about
you
oh they're asking it that's a really
that's really funny Sneiderman is this a
no death run yes
uh yeah I did certainly it very
definition of a no definite right Hey
plasma-wave thank you to the thank you
for subscribing to rich reads
instructions 18 different languages
right right there's classical me so I
got a glass 100 yeah see that's not why
I just wanted a drink why that's all I
this comes with thermal paste so I
wasted my money on thermal paste what
you know you can never have too me
I was listening back to or games I
thought you're there we play video games
on music chair sure and so I have like
over at Muse open the mus open back org
like a little radio button plays royalty
free class that's nice what people would
like that watching rich you see
I'll just it'll go pro I tell you what
the new GoPro reason why we we can get
such a nice out too much warping new
GoPros and three settings
Oh ultra wide maybe here it is it is
audio broke I'm broke
audio broke Luthor's enter the audio 120
Oh Jay you silly Billy hold on let me
get some more helpful flip a person I
can't ride Manson I think at my
secondary head so listen to the stream
to make sure you're covered in wine no
audio August great great is fine audio
keeps cutting out well that happens yeah
oh how here's what I'm gonna do cuz rich
is building right now I'm gonna face the
mic towards me Jay Oh favor action Alya
never mind you're welcome um on the
music either great everything's fine
everything's great wonderful from the
core I mean there are wine snobs out
there that are okay yeah like even
though shit is in their drink there's
just like no it's hard if you are the
experience yeah like that there's cork
in my drink
hey hey think you freely thank you for
subscribing also Spectre 800 welcome to
the rich builds shit stream
they're subscribing for them we've
actually gotten that surprising not for
rich building of you think they're
interested I've never built a PC I
wouldn't know where to start right
certain I would fuck it up I think
that's why they're tuning its just to
see what happened well they want to see
rich fucka alright you've done this
before right there's been like five
years that's not that long and you know
what there's there's a newfangled
technology that I'm not as familiar with
oh you know like I've never had to put a
back plate on the CPU cooler the
motherboards this is completely new to
me right here uh-huh
I'm taking my time with this oh I'm not
you the German dude there's that German
dude I'm not having a snack yet I should
go get a snack hey okay hold on I'm
gonna go get us what's up Jay oh I don't
know take a look at the champ here
tell us how's everything going good your
progress centers it almost done
there's lots of details to blooming
details
I'll leave that's fine do what you gotta
do
that's when was the last time rich built
a PC but he said five years ago my ears
all it baked thanks for subscribing oh
good job J I got it I caught it
how long did it I did it you did it
Oh someone wants to know what everybody
is wearing they said to describe it
slowly this would be easy all of us
nothin that's what we do
just relax into the studio it the last
thing people want to do is the real
thing is it's it's hot in here
we have computers running and lights
going and so it's more comfortable yes
yes okay hey um for anyone asking oh
yeah someone sent that to us except this
yeah
the cool label okay that I had a husband
I'm having a root of all evil black kale
and because there's a camera I can shoot
in that far away from my electronic Oh
Lucky Strikes thank you for subscribing
and it's toasted oh I know like he
strikes a cigarette stuff is that
they're slow manners I'm just Logan all
right I'm telling me I'm installing this
room huh
I do installed here saying rich is only
wearing sleeves
they can see it please inverse of a cut
off asleep
dr. J is giving a warning to not over
tighten those bolts barely easy to over
tighten
oh yeah madman
but that was my oh really good I was
longer I'm gonna be reversible rose him
yeah yeah I was a pack a day gonna oh
god yeah
then thing right on eyes you know what
everyone everybody smokes that
everyone's me here's why I quit one year
or member my friends got me a cigarette
and for 20 liters of coca-cola literally
that's all I would put my body
cigarettes and coke are you sick that's
like I felt some trash yeah that's
pretty bad so I so it's just like I
don't think any what the fuck what the
fuck indeed turd smuggler 44 Thank You
pisses few people in your names and the
real that's boy you for subscribing
we very much appreciate I'll get sick
the fake now yeah make that boy Nestle
fucking how about that there's always
there's all these problems yeah I think
if I turn up the microphone probably all
heard a little clicking I turn off the
microphone we might get a little well
that's a funny joke they're saying this
is a board game they can get by like a
mother and you know this is gonna be you
tuned in yes I think no I think they're
I think they're saying there are more
interested in watching you put this
together than us going to Star Trek
kidding okay I can see that
this is strangely classy plasma-wave
this is string quartet number in until
you inspire no discipline oh yeah Lenny
that why'd you back face come on I will
not be doing my my cocaine invention
tonight
rich straight up second is that
something that's been happening a lot it
one time and it's a really bad
impression yeah Billy wanted so they
just want you to do it because it annoys
rich yeah okay I understand completely
yes I'm wearing my best monocle it is in
fact a double monocle pretty classy oh
yeah did you guys fix the Ernest
Borgnine Wiki Wikipedia page you fucks
it better better have done that I'm all
bad I'm gonna go with this up have you
ever played we can probably oh I you you
were starting to play that the other
night that's all right stop hey
detention not because of that I was just
doing other stuff so let me play into
wiki Wars yeah where you trying to go
from one Wikipedia page
right then some certain jackasses in the
chat hilarious jackasses started editing
the Wikipedia pages and she's so
apparently Ernest Borgnine and giggy's
come or both other media associates oh
yeah did you guys change in the early
days yeah go to Wikipedia right now I'm
gonna check on these guys have to make
sure the gold arrows line
mr. organized
Oh little air uh he was an
unconventional lead in many films of the
1950's winning Academy Award for Best
Actor in 1955 for Marty on television he
played rich Evans in the 1962 to 1966
series have in the bag you fix that her
is there a sportin I'm dead that was
just what that side is he stole I know
he's dying okay you let that man's
legacy live on when did he when did he
die uh there are the nice
okay so somewhat recently on zibari I
know he was he was around for a long
time he would come to Milwaukee one
it was the ceremonial leap Joyner circus
Billy circus raise money the helping
carrier yeah whatever that is the guy in
front he would yeah you're right he was
the Airwolf of the circus Oh
oh yeah now it's locked you guys edited
too much so now it's long do they do
that like if someone keeps changing the
page - yeah then lock it and that's
someone who has like Raiders poster is
like look what you guys have done before
Ernest Borgnine double-checking
everything so fuck this up if I fuck
this up I fuck the computer Oh Oh God
probably probably a processor and
fucking motherboard problem sooo so this
is do it this is the most nervous part
uncle any computer well you know there
with you rich because we just got
another subscriber kora lakh thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate but what they do
here no that annoys me is to in order to
not have every language translated in
this book yeah they're just showing you
everything just in pictures no I want
text so I know exactly for sure what I'm
doing later
I don't like instructions I think you're
here pressing the thing down so I'm
assuming I'm not supposed to use the
lever but Vanessa it was texted you know
gently press down with your finger on
the lid of thing that would be nice
okay I just have to interpret the
picture and then I'm Cora coral AK sub
just in hopes that ritual yep yeah us to
Cora life if you don't let's blow
something up anyway
hey ain't gonna happen it'd be really
impressive if you got it to blow up when
it's not plugged into anything right
renascence right guys can ate turd
smuggler we are glad that you are
enjoying papers it is the best
immigration booths later you will
amongst now right now I'll click or
anything but back the CPU quotes on your
wrist
this is anti-static wrist strap oh let's
see if you touch a thing there's
extended literacy like a wool socks yeah
carpet that will fry sort of so sure
yeah grounded that's great are you doing
it what it all know when I turn it on
Ruby is that is that in with the
processor oh well what else do you have
to do for the computer everything Oh
graphics card good ok I learn mounting
cable you will you sell you ID you
selling the hard part there's a heart
okay this guy said I think that's it as
like oh that's it this is the part that
gonna make you sweat bullets cuz you do
something wrong when you're putting the
processor in yeah we're just gonna flat
out breaking and then you're out
hundreds of dollars for the cutter yeah
that do that that was no no I like not
to do hey hack fraud Cherie
thank you for subscribing very much
appreciate Bella stream ever listen Jay
Jay's learning something oh yeah I am
I've never seen someone put together a
computer hope talk about things that are
interesting hopefully this makes people
appreciate the little boxes that you
carry around with you yeah the only
thing I've done is add more RAM to a
computer once okay and that's easy
enough to do yeah but put a slot stick
it in and then that's it that is is the
chat setting I did the processor okay
did that I don't know if they can tell I
thought dr. G seems like he knows they
were doing yeah buck Peters what is he
saying could I put that in right octo J
is not screaming at you so let's assume
all right all right
they're saying you should have jacquard
ifoce saying you should have jacquard a
put a bit of pressure on the top of the
CPU cooler when you're screwing it down
from air bubbles forming in aced oh wow
Oh Deary is shit the dr. J as actor
Jamie and apparently he knows what he's
talking about yes according to rich
gobbledygook s-- is asking a very
important he wants to eat bacon did I
use the stove or the oven very important
I can only assume he means stove top
yeah use the stove top now we'll use the
other do you see I want your bacon every
single time I have doesn't get as crispy
that way okay I do what okay
375 Bob you know 15 minutes or so flip
it a couple times make sure you get both
sides crispy it's them it's the only way
all right
rich they're saying turn it on already
just turn it on to make sure
everything's going ok no it's not
turning on oh it's not turning on I must
have done something wrong this is the
fanciest looking Ram I have ever seen
well what did you say it was hyper
extreme yeah it's got this fancy blue
ass case on it Oh Jay they were there
asking a cookie be thank you think we
can do that I don't know I think you
know what we're doing it tomorrow
actually
Oh do it tomorrow we're doing the cookie
stream we should have told me yeah yeah
I mean I guess I owe a dick the birthday
boy you're right blue means faster yes
everybody knows that if only you know
what we should have done painted summary
rights on those bad boys a little
spoiler for wind resistance what is that
thing this is gonna hold the cooler up
and all these things that go under here
I'm just testing out with the holes up
tell me about it let you know that means
please
he's weird and I'm gonna give it to you
okay number do you ever DMX rapper yeah
yeah X go give it to you call this other
thing that I thought was an excellent I
watched a movie about a giant killer
snake with DMX in it I don't run with
the name of it though that it was get a
bazooka oh oh y'all gonna make me lose
my cool fuck even tear up in here the
DMX it doesn't song yes I said that yeah
okay I have no idea I know that song but
yeah SDA nothing I know about DMX is
that he kills giant mutant snakes with
bazookas what else do you need to know
about the sky dandies making a theme
fortune to joke and it's a good joke not
gonna beat it cuz no one else
I like you yes pick a bucket I am
corn-fed white I'm oh I'm Way right it's
true I'm the whitest white guy ever
Oh back is a whiter rapper than Iggy
Azalea that's a good joke
this light girl her music I should be
I'm so fancy song as I think he is a
leopa yeah I don't think I like her I
don't know much about her but that's not
anything more I decided I don't like her
we don't like her music I had a meeting
about her
think about your airflow before
installing the
and octave J is saying pea-sized blob of
thermal paste hey thank you I I don't
know I dunno
oh you're just kind of looking at thing
yeah okay okay
hey measure twice cut once
oh yes most for those asking most of
these computer parts were bought at
newegg.com and then a few were from
Amazon from different distributors but
all the computer parts were thoroughly
resourced be searched by returns so we
just found what Grover was selling them
prices but on most of them came from you
we have rubbing alcohol I don't know I
just thought I think I got a little
smudge on the top of the processor your
print or something no I'll clean it off
I guess is skinny because I'm kind of
blunt they've got like lens cleaner like
a like a lens cleaner like a microfiber
cup cloth yeah cloth yeah the cloth
okay I'm gonna see if I can find
yeah you're right dictabird away says we
have we have alcohol or the J Bowman's
beer dude it's like we just have regular
alcohol you want to rub some gian on it
rich is not in a joking mood I'm sitting
here building a computer I'm worried
about breaking things I know I'm worried
about people judging me I know we're
judging you no matter what right
ah I'm here to bring bring the jokes and
you make the computer yeah I know my
pure like I gingka's Khan will not be in
the stream tonight oh my gosh am I on
Lena he's hanging out with her sport
night right now they're together so
we're getting drinks in hell I'm
assuming Ernest Borgnine went to hell I
mean it's really possible most of us are
right especially ones that think they
are know why they're in for a you may
have no idea
- I end up by yes everyone is now
posting gifts of rich Devin's one guess
which type it is that is a very
difficult it sure is
so somebody wants to hold this down that
little sure you're hey what do I do
how do I not fuck
you
wait looks more impressive I'm slightly
terrified
dr. J says just make sure it doesn't
lift up keep it nice and flat on and
downward pressure our pattern even
review the way
I can hear vocals
yeah like also it's classical music is
just on a random shuffle so we might get
some weird stuff all right what's gonna
happen guy it's working it's working the
grin that you get every time you say
haha it's the stupidest eat it doesn't
not need to do with anything and no
investment in him getting his pottery
sir to work no it never went suddenly a
big deal but he gets it working and all
the kids high-five
yeah I'm not saying that JJ Abrams Star
Wars movies gonna be great or even good
but how could you be worried about it
being worse there's no way that's not no
way it'll be worth
you
all right right whoo that was intense
clapping you see what rich is doing
overhanging what I am you what he's
doing just like a how-to video undersea
this it's because of the stream that we
were able to get rich a new computer and
so they everyone seemed interested in
watching rich build it oh no this is
what we're doing what to read fill it
Wow not a lot of subtext with that wall
yeah Allah okay rich that's really good
thank you not a great riff this is um
this is a learned skill here and this
can help um hey Ernest Kahn
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it oh not that kind like
Genghis that's how commas fell to him
this is Amy okay Jen well
hey I don't feel things or ever been
since night um just born replicant 82
oh yeah yeah berrak 3 was 8 or okay 7 do
just we knew they would come out right
in the same same airless Star Wars
movies because it's so drastic and error
in between yeah
Star Trek is not the same oh it is now
that's true it's all the same stuff
everything hey excited you came by the
way you can tell I'm not excited but I'm
mildly interested which is more than I
could say about anything Star Wars
allowed for the last decade fiction of
what will be yet huh um
ulchhhh Geist thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
oh they're not liking me but oh no
that's something on my own hold on I'll
fine I get rid of the noise get you guys
can hear bang it's the room that's what
you want you're they have music on
they'll soften it
hi I only wanna just dead silence and
you're hearing like room tone
yeah all right I have to get venture
okay there we got rid of the noise good
go back to work okay n NCC 171 the D
thank you for subscribing and a Miss
Wickham oh thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it
from both of you shake hands you see 171
171 the d schat a reference doesn't
start that's a stun to Star Trek 4 joke
one seven zero yeah one 170 1701 yeah
what is that one seven I you know what
I'm reading it it's a I'm reading it
lies two colors for the enterprise oh my
god since you know what okay
maybe C or D if you notice in spider-man
hasn't count do you remember the film
called spider amazing spider-man 2 I
tried to forget it when when spider-man
and whatever Anne Hathaway whoever the
girl is in spider-man 2 and mostella
when they go to the electrical power
plant where Jamie Foxx was to blow power
plant up because man is vital I think
they drive a police car there or Emma
Stone drives a police car oh yeah I
since flight is one seven zero one I
think every point out when we search I
think Alex Chrisman and
because they're with the Star Trek
scripts yeah okay it was like someone's
been here I looks a bit that I don't
think we mentioned them no well I think
I remember you mentioning that to me
rich images you might have done the fan
placement incorrect how's that it's not
blowing through the heatsink so you
wanted on the other side hold on we're
checking guys rich the fan on the other
side please
what family oh yo you put the fan up
yeah okay that's a good sign it needs to
go on the other side that's what they're
saying
are they absolutely sure every video
I've seen online of because I never use
with these schools I watched videos of
people installing them fan has always
been blowing on the side of the ramp fan
the fan on the side side fan is bound
every video I've seen of this Hey
first of all Oda licks I'll trust octo
Jan kids thanks for subscribing octo Jay
confirm it's on the same side as the
ramp the fan in the ramp they're saying
yes they are sure I just get Achtung aah
Achtung
I'll sit on the other side all right hey
that's okay good by the way
thank you everyone oh yeah thank you I
just want to make sure this is like I
said I didn't research this shit every
guys watch like three videos of
installing this because this is a goofy
weird thing that I haven't dealt with
before right and it was always over
there hanging over the ramp so
oh it says the case fans will blow in
the ramp case fans gonna be on the other
side once this is installed octo Jay
listen octo dream for the top ones okay
Yeah right
we won't listen to anyone else but octo
Jay will listen to that guys that kind
of stand up do not not to disrespect the
rest of the chat I just know octo Jay
knows things about well you've talked I
talked to uh computers you've talked dr.
J specifically about the computer you're
building so we're gonna trust Anka
the picture shows that it is on the
right that's okay that's all right
delay and delay almost fuckin no no
we're checking the chat it's gonna be
fine
everything's gonna be fine
and we'll see we probably rich probably
won't be able to stream with this on
Sunday so maybe next week Wednesday will
be our our inaugural stream with the new
computer so we can get all the all of
the fancy software that works most of
the time the everybody live in liquid we
are literally watching somebody built a
PC while talking about Star Trek while
talking about a Star Trek reference in a
comic book movie yes this is peak nerd I
agree Oh since we're going full nerd
yeah
what are your thoughts on the Star Wars
drew do we talk about that I don't know
if we're gonna feel like a fish but I
mean I think we just get around the
fucking way
oh we did not think we did something
might have on Sonya sure but we can talk
about it um you know it it's so JJ
Abrams if that's a thing that can be
said with tankers embarks then give me
one fucking favor before you grab bloody
empty boxes out there goes your hand so
I just toss the park garbage in oh yeah
um it sure does look like a JB uh it
looks it looks a little more restrained
than that Star Trek movie most like JJ
Abrams trying to make trying trying to make an
original trilogy movie trying to be
respectful to the first three Star Wars
movies that's at my side yeah
visually I can't complain ya know it
wasn't mine some people have you know
said Oh CG I thought there's gonna be
more practical stuff yeah if the sets
are practical I'll be happy yeah if they
want to do the sets I mean though the
ships and CG no one's gonna shoot
practical miniatures on a green screen
like no one does that anymore it's not
the way movies are made if you have that
big of a problem with CG that you should
just stop watching movies I mean that's
the way I think those are done what I
have a promise have been there are like
over the reliance on CG where it's just
done to be lazy
yeah and this doesn't look lazy so I'm
fine with it
the problem with CG isn't CG itself it's
how they use it yeah exactly
it's and they usually use it for excess
for excesses sake because they can write
and that always looks cartoony and
horrible yeah but it's like you know
it's like when the Falcon flies by and
there's just two tie fighters yeah
that's with restraint that's a good sign
that there's only two type I hear ya
then we've seen the Star Trek movies we
know how mailrooms handles practical
yeah CG and combines the two yeah the
only thing that matters right now is if
it's going to have a good script and we
don't know that we saw six random images
yep that's it yeah but if you put those
images together with a decent script it
will be a good movie yeah I see great it
looked you know what I I got a little
hyped when you see the x-wings
over the lake I do like that image does
that I'm just giving the like I think
that's cool really cool looking I got a
little hyped when the money fucking did
all sorts of flippity flus
when they receive a oh well that is it's
doing it in a planet's atmosphere
whatever's ever really seen it you know
new ver like that so I think that's kind
of neat
yeah we'll see no we can take off and
land from planets I don't think
maneuvering in the atmosphere shocked me
they decided so Johnny this just we've
never seen a cloud city does a little
flippy turn thing I guess so
alright fair enough yeah so it's you
know it's it did get me my my interest
has been piqued I I went from pure
indifference some interest yes okay yeah
that's about me too yeah mild interest
because I'm still like not that big in
there anything Star Wars outside of
those original movies but we'll see yeah
I'm more interested than I have been in
a very very long time and start wars
yeah
little droid looks cool a little guide
of a soccer ball that seems like a weird
shot to decide to use so that teaser
they just think I mean I don't know the
whole the whole teaser I guess kind of
has this feeling of like panic and so
you see the little guy running away so I
guess that makes sense but well it just
seems like these that's one of the
second image you want to show it's a
little weird hopefully what what that
image was trying to convey is that this
will have a little bit of that kind of
like humorous adventure Oh
check the first one's head a little
light it's not going to be it's not
going to be the Dark Knight right now
it's going to there she's all gonna be
goofy little droids like there always
has been yes which I saw some people
complain about that shot me like pokes
like pre polecrab it's like you seen the
original Star Wars movies there's goofy
little droids everywhere yeah all the
time but this one's a CG but this one's
CG so it automatically sucks sounds like
I'm the champions of CG god I just I
mean I don't have a problem with it as
long as it's used appropriately
there's nasty in there and there was
nothing in the trailer that made me feel
it was gonna be over overly reliant but
again turn to say cuz it's six shots
that's it exactly
I don't know
what are you okay you found it
everything's fine
Rick straps the ball right hey didn't I
have that oh oh there's two there's two
of theirs too oh geez there's one for
each side
what that's the way computers work this
is madness well that's the way pcs work
enough people can throw these things
together in 20 minutes like I said I
haven't done this in five years so I'm
taking my damn time thank you for it you
know we got oh my god night zone this is
more money than I've spent at months and
years this was a business investment yes
business
