POWER STONE AKA Jack Doesn't fix the mics
May 28, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56TTbkNFTPo

what everyone should probably notice the
significant jump in audio quality by the
way as I just remembered to fix the
microphones Oh No they broken no it was
recording from from the unit not from
the mics so hopefully everyone's
noticing a sharp increase in audio
quality
go ahead ski me I don't a person I'm
just saying answer my question No answer
the question young lady I'm going to
assume that that's me probably I don't
know what the question is there is no
there was some horrible news you guys
the the chat stream goes by very fast if
ya know don't let that make you, uh, jessi
thank you
jessi is her own
oh oh Power Stone
oh my god oh my god
Oh our son it has been quite some time
Falcon Wang Peng oh I want to be wearing
tank that's cool
Oh gun rock I remember gun rock and
rogue who is not the ex Metro hey Jack
Jack who was going to be highly
confusing to us I'll be him he's me I
should be him okay wing wing Jimmy Jam
Jimmy - yeah oh my god can I just say
how vs vs ah I just want to say how
comfortable these Dreamcast controllers
at Oh what are the side of the Jimmy
that's so adorable
Oh somebody said raise your just the
James oh there Jesse James I would be
jesting with it either don't eat oh you
guys I know you guys that's things just
got real not here Josh
oh my god Oh down Volta that looks great
rogue versus Falcon everybody anything a
single uncheck just um
no oh oh okay okay there we go oh that's
because you know I was jumping fuck you
fuck you fuck you fuck you
oh hey a Power Stone yes sire yes I'm
robed by the way and enriches Falcon oh
yeah in case Power Cell
yeah all I remember is if you get enough
stones you turn into robots
Oh what thing how do I do it how do I do
a thing
I don't do a thing oh and I got a thing
oh yeah what button just what I don't
remember anything that happens in this
game why don't you go buy that bomb I
bet it's a really nice spin you can't
you I don't know I'm so much I have a
flamethrower that song somebody asked if
I would marry them oh I'm almost at the
reasonable response yeah we oh shit get
out of here what is the gb jam when it's
both of them together
Jim Jim Jim Jimmy Jim this guy's funny
yeah we are fighting each other so it's
it's the jams versus the Jews Jew buzz
oh my lord
yeah Richie that was a horrible name it
really meant
I didn't know it would catch on I didn't
know I'd be so terrible to power stone
that's right
yeah the buttons do something if that
helps I don't know what the buttons do
oh my god oh my god what oh you're
turning into your robot form oh wow
get out of here with you Jews is there a
block button you guys how do we Power
Stone tell us tell us in the chat how we
flower town there's a lot of buttons
yeah if that helps
please throw a box at you and that's
pretty awesome oh my god I think I just
need one more stone don't miss me okay
well then kick your ass you got me oh my
god
rich is kicking my ass everybody I'm oh
my gosh okay okay what's this 100 okay
you power stomach eating a bunch of the
mushrooms
oh that's that sounds about right okay
I'm gonna be a baller gunrock I'm sick
what fucking fuck man
right oh here's your basically on your
British Iron Man so much iron here's
somebody that answers your question I
would sure you smash up a bunch of
buttons great okay we do that what you
can do that I know that a jumps X is
punch B is pickup yeah that's all I know
I don't know does why do anything I
don't remember
oh yeah why kicks so then you pray it to
let go like oh my god fuck get out of
here
why am I not hitting you it seems like I
should be hitting you stop stop hitting
you with missiles if you could if you
could stop hitting me with missiles and
fire for like two to Phenix oh my god
okay guys right now right now I'm
getting my ass handed to me
and everything guy that's twice as big
yes I'm a giant monster and he's he's
British Ironman apparently I'll fucking
yell ok gunrock was a bad choice house
no master house Oh master oh my god
you're embarrassing yourself rich Evans
just danced everybody it was it was
awkward that's why they want a webcam
and embarrassing for all they want to
see that type of action yeah I guess I
can't blame the met the the green thing
that's such what the power stones are on
the Mac one that's free oh I didn't see
that oh thank you I appreciate that I
appreciate that I don't want my owning
of you to be completely unfair
just slightly unfair it's like how do
you grab it walk over it well yeah but
how did you grab it for me I beat it out
of you is that oh you could do that yeah
oh let's do that Oh or I just fucking
win how about that broken clocks right
twice a day everybody
oh that's helpful
oh okay
but I just shoot you with this gun now
that didn't seem to do anything wow you
know what you know what ow that hurt and
that that hurt my feelings
oh I'm kicked oh oh that didn't do very
good that's five hit it looks like it
says shit Thank You Jay let's not point
that out in case you notice I actually
did it yeah excellent observation
oh that's a great move I want to use
that all the time Oh see that shit I did
I did I mentioned your ass killed ah
it's just really good at power yeah I
love this game we're not big very chatty
we're not being chatty they just heard
you say that at the house
no that's right yeah yeah Jessa keeps
forgetting that there's a microphone
pointed at her face to the side to me
not me you might as well just tell them
not to say that anyway oh yeah I don't
play in that band anymore I haven't for
like seven years but thank you for
liking it you don't have to buy anything
I think you can get all the music for
free don't give any money to those guys
that's all deal
I get sort of that research there no I
have to sorry
oh I guess you didn't get tonight yeah
oh my god Prince Emirates or a member I
got all the damn powers though how did
you do that so far I oughta saan that
good then okay yeah I guess that's true
I'm just gonna crawl away and cry and
cry until you lose your power stone
growling oh no that shit I can't
apparently
ow ow the new loud is how yeah there we
go if that helps anybody anywhere I
don't know oh yeah yeah
oh you beat on me I beat it out of you
oh snap Jesse have you ever seen the
movie Dead Ringers
convert with Jeremy Irons yes wins well
see it the thing is is that's why every
time I see Jeremy Rand see freaks me out
is that yeah
I rewatched it last night a long time
that being so distinct between the two
brothers and their personality their see
that one gave me nightmares for like a
year yeah yeah it was one brother starts
getting addicted to pills and designing
all these weird gynecological
instruments yeah so awesome does nothing
to do is video game no that's good talk
because we're tonight
if there are any questions for us you
believe in someone I am what strength
you want to know the questions that I've
really mastered that is fair and that's
completely appropriate for Albany
playing horse no absolutely not you
playing car so that is reason oh shit I
got the power stones first time that's
the first time I've gotten the power
stones and now I'm not using them
through the triggers are the mega
attacks let's do that then
thank you for telling me that
now I win you know once you do the mega
attack you lose the power shot so
sometimes I think I'll soften them up or
the other tax your last thing oh oh oh
I'm saying that it's buzzing what's
buzzing every time you're buzzing my
last time - no I fixed that no he did I
thought I did did you I did he did it oh
you know what I just changed the mic so
I might need to quick go change the
setting actually I realized that we were
recording audio from the unit my husband
Mike's better right in front of our face
I see so then I change the settings oh
my god I can fly thinking it would give
us better audio but maybe that's making
it buzz Oh jack I'm like you doing the
commercial because I'm terrible at this
game what game is this power stone oh
that's the name was again yeah okay
it's one of the greatest way to get
there look - great I think Sam I think I
might be used to playing Power Stone too
you know because I could hit you with
the hammer because I'm kicking your ass
with a giant hammer ah okay yeah yeah
yeah
hammer wins over rock that's that's Rock
Paper Scissors number one what there's
only three components to rock paper
scissors and him to start including new
things then you're playing it wrong here
marker one row
let me rogue again cuz I like her
boobies oh my god oh my god yeah I said
it new there's nothing you can do about
it guys I said it I mean it this
question just what I got okay
you don't need to explain yourself no I
don't know people are just saying birds
that you see going past you okay jack
isn't it's man it's no you know what I
don't know I won't get into it I guess
or I guess I will I like butts like much
better yeah okay buzz is really loud
though is it yeah we should probably
listen it's industry's ever since you
apparently pitch the mic so why is it
when you fix things you just make it
worse because I wait for Jack well he's
oh god no way he's gonna be distracting
it'll be right in the way that's fine
people gotta watch something well we can
just talk in addition to dead ringers I
watched the film death spa last night
which I've decided needs to be on best
of the worst
yeah because it's amazing it's got a
great cover just came out on blu-ray
it's weird see movies like that like
these shitty disposable 80s movies with
like a nice cleaned up
blu-ray like it looks weird when it
looks that nice yeah it feels in a pro
it actually looks good and you can make
out what's happening yeah and some of
the lighting is nice or it's like wow
there's effort put into this but when
you watch the old shitty VHS copies it
everything just looks so bad yeah I was
only washed with wet on blu-ray oh and
in two three that look good that looks
great
but like it was it looks so good that
you could clearly see like the layer
holding up that just adds to it I shake
it oh yeah something bright upset how
was that yeah my favorite that's the
best that is wonderful
Elizabeth that is wonderful guess that's
no surprise to me you who loves that
you guys are taking a moment to listen
to stream okay um you planted things so
you can hear knock in the mic and then
the headphones so you can find out if
this problem okay I'll keep talking I
need random things Jenna didn't say
about that awful awful episode best of
the worst we just hope oh yeah that
episodes going in the vault
oh yeah sure it's going in the back
maybe when we were all falling asleep
while we're having the discussion it was
about to happen eventually though where
you get an episode was just three total
duds yeah we tried to make it work it's
definitely going it would it would
require some very cream you did a good
job jack way to go hey hey Jack just
cheated Jack finally fixed something and
then he cheated immediately
so evil wins evil wins everybody okay
haze rescue Mowgli watch that made it so
bad but I don't think we should tell
them no we might we might never know but
I have I have been editing another best
of the worst so that'll be coming
eventually yeah somebody did ask if
there is another one coming up soon yeah
so yes there there will be more coming
out eventually it's just that last
specific one we made not the end take
your ass up you are you are already
kicking Maya oh I got a magic thing and
now I lost my thing oh my fuck
okay yeah I was being able before okay
so now you should be able to clearly
hear us and here the game is my hope and
work is the best weapon everything from
hammer hammer go Pete Oh ders going into
the stream is an input from these mics
and an input from the actual audio the
game yeah and you know I think the last
stream all we were doing is picking up
audio from the TV yes I figure that out
hopefully
Oh screw Wang Peng Wang Peng you gotta
be gotta be Roman or Rouge or whatever
her name is
tits McGee what's here what's your slang
rich my slang Jupe Jupe Jupe jab give
Wayne saying the Jupe jab
I'm gonna be going I think oh where you
can do this you know I'll this will be a
fun man I wonder what is the
stereotypical Indian oh you have me do
ya Native American cultural
insensitivity it's true staple of oldest
video games right yeah I guess any pop
culture actually cartoons yeah you know
what you're probably right yeah oh
there's going to be a fight now
okay I'm yellow pants and Rich's pink
pants already fuck fuck fuck fuck
we're just turned into Optimus Prime me
and apparently what did I do where did I
go my god rivero's well there you go
oh good twenty way again I'm yellow
yes I can totally see that happening
thinking yellow was apparently not big
enough distinction no wow hitting
yourself because you didn't know which
one you were I wish there was more moves
that I can do I'm gonna walk in front
good oh yes go dude I got one up fuck
you Kalulu ok I'm going back to British
iron man okay you be British iron man
I'll be a meee
we do my picking won't work
our moderator just left okay she'll be
right back my god this is going great
now it's just your name you guys I think
this is going great I think we're due
this is this is I think this is going
great
hey she's back so right as of right now
there's no one reading the chat and
we're gonna be distracted by the game
we're gonna be distracted by the game so
we're gonna try to do our best to talk
and fight barrel barrel roll yes I'm the
greatest power some power some power
some power some power oh I got three
already bitch ah come here
oh my god what was that what was that
power bullshit ass is that my dodging
your shitty ass attack ha
no but that was an attack also we're
getting weird we're getting weirdness
we're getting darkness we're getting
weirdness and this is my British Iron
Man power yeah that's a good power I
said where I shoot missiles at your ass
I shot you with a gun Oh
I know about that didn't do my damage
I got the hammer hammer Opie nerf now
oh-oh-oh-oh
oh yeah stacks a greater tax the great
asset games I'm super great at this and
Crazy Taxi throw barrel per barrel
Oh table wins barrel guys remember that
whenever you're playing game table wins
barrel
boom barrel wins that's great I'm
talking on the cash well this is this is
just how it works sometimes
boom this is exciting times oh my god
daddy here Captain Jack ah oh shit oh
shit oh shit oh shit
ah fucking hell shit there we go okay
I'm trying to like I think if we get
another coaster under there to help prop
it up Oh get out oh okay powers down Wow
Wow oh no I'm doing terrible at the game
oh fuck
thank you all right do you feel better
now right I'm back on track you feel
better
okay that's good yes I'm glad you feel
let me quick take a look at the chat
here see if anyone is do anything
anything interesting going on Rome know
what their favorite games they're uh you
know we've been asked like what our
favorite game is and it's that's a tough
one because it's just like favorite game
what that one all the time
exactly so I think the more appropriate
question to ask someone who plays a lot
of games or watches a lot of movies
what are you playing now or what did you
see recently because then that's more
interesting question so I'm going to
take your question completely ignore it
and ask my own question of what I've
been playing recently what have you been
playing recently Jack I'm like we talked
about earlier been playing a lot of a
Stanley parable and that's really fun
I've been playing risk of rain a lot
because that's super funny and once
again I recommend everybody at least
check out the demo for the Stanley
parable absolutely at the very least
it's interesting yes um the other game
that I have been playing I've been
trying to play a lot of is fistful of
frags which is a free western-themed the
first-person shooter I made with the
Source engine and it's really it's
really cool like it's all iron sights
it's western themed which is really fun
so they have some very fun levels
unfortunately its controller support is
a little janky and I have not found much
help in that department all of the
controller buttons work except for
vertical so I can't look up or down with
my character and whenever I go to the
forums to request help people just say
that I don't use a controller and I say
fuck you what is it control oh my god
the fistful Frank's story and my ass got
handed to me fuck you I like a
controller the controller feels nice to
me that's fine we it's okay to have
different opinions
do you know but do you know we don't
know nothing about nothing except for
losing that Power Stone that's what I
know about oh man I am oh hey I'm gonna
die that's fine I just wanted to go on
the phone I I bet I think my character
sucks no I've loved one with him before
oh you went super saiyan on us your head
it did not the moral story Jack I beat
Jax
hi he did is checkout Fistful of Frank's
it's a preview first-person shooter here
it's been fun just full of fries I don't
I don't we might want to take a break
we've been streaming for a while you do
that oh we get multiple people involved
with it let's um our son let's play it
let's play one more game and then we'll
take like a like a 10-minute break and
eat food what's the level we haven't
played before over there we were there
we were there I think we've been there
well do bed the game chose for us
okay Amy we're insane yeah so after this
round we're gonna take like a 10 15
minute break and bring it back so how
many people are gonna run out and buy a
Dreamcast because they weren't for the
power stones event
something breaking this is fun Oh
oh hey look I went super saiyan already
oh I turned into a pretty butterfly oh
fuck yeah oh yeah
you ain't got shit on this little lady
get out of here get out of here get
outta here oh you got no oh uh I thought
I told you to get out of here
Wow don't shoot me with a oh shit you
turn into a thing Oh see that oh my god
you can go up there saying because he
jumps off the bed attack Oh Jeff Jack
Jack wins okay kale my bear I barely
want I just want to point out like one
more tiny sliver of helpers
no one loves jangles like the absolutely
it was like okay you so busy so slow I
can't
yeah I think that's that's a good thing
to blame is your character and I think
that a poor craftsman blames this to us
yeah I watched a lot of Marten growing
up quit and now now we're gonna pause
and take a little break and so I'm just
gonna play that that previously recorded
graphic loop for like ten minutes
so if you guys want to take a little
break - I think that'd be a good idea
we've been streaming for a couple hours
now yeah we started we started right
around 600 so everybody settle you Jimmy
James take a bathroom break you sound
like a like a like one of those
late-night radio is it possible to play
that old Zelda is that is that at all
possible
I don't want well we're not a partner
yet so yeah I when we come back from the
break okay we'll start off okay my
