Mario Kart 8 (Multiplayer with The Stream (Part 2.1))
November 16, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x40U2CkmB-g

come on well one more time oh wait no
here comes a new person I think we'll
just give it a give will give new people
a chance to come in satsang nobody owens
we you well it's fairly not true because
there are people in here yeah yeah hi
well go again all right let's start the
game shit wants to talk about comics I
think I think we've talked about enough
comics we've we've done that oh um can
we start again 830 I answer this way I
wanna take a break you know what I do
want to talk about his motherfucking
x-men days of future past nah did you
see that one you still talk about it oh
I'm just it's not here's the thing I I
am I I like the x-men honey I think
we've talked about this before like I
I'm into the x-men my wife collects two
runs of x-men comics I'm big into the
universe and and in general marvel fan
boy absolutely it seems like a lot to
get into to wrap your head around what
the x-men i can see that i could see
that i could see you know what more so i
could see someone seeing that but it's
it's pretty simple they do it Oh Oh
Andrew nice move nice move he was
holding this banana behind me slid right
in front of me tripped me up somebody
tried to expose me sigh locks origin
started to get a headache yeah yes ya
know there are obviously there are some
mutants that have a more complicated
backstory than others but uh you know in
general i'm a big fan of the x-men and
do we we didn't my wife and I did not
how fuck you Maya did not see Days of
Future past in the theater even though
we are big x-men fans and it finally
came to streaming over the weekend so we
finally like oh great we get to see the
new x-men movie return to Bryan Singer
everything's gonna be great man that was
a dumb movie I was incredibly
disappointed by it it was it was
confusing it was really dull and it
seemed it seemed all over the place I
was really really disappointed also I
don't think Bryan Singer can direct
action to save his life and so all the
action scenes were really flat and which
it which is a thing to say when you have
mutants fighting giant robots you know
oh all your action scenes are flat it's
too bad you playing giant robots giant
robots um yes yeah we that that was the
big third act action scene lady big
purple robots it was actually I'm Jana
did it was great modern superhero movies
like they looked to him it was realistic
a take on things they ever possibly
could well any a spoiler alert there
were two sentinels and there was there
was the like the realistic movie
sentinels but they still had the big
purple sentinels and I thought they
looked great it's too bad they weren't
interesting or a threat or anything fuck
you fuck you fireball fireball fireball
oh I'll want you god it's what did she
thinking yes she has more venom about it
than I do yeah okay first of all fuck
all of you guys I was doing really good
in that race and you fucked me you off
left me so um
she she was more upset about it than I
was because as a fan of the x-men her
biggest complaint was how mystique
centric not just that movie but all the
movies have been and you know in her
head mystique is not a big character in
the comics you know mystique is is a be
villain if I'm being generous you know
and in the movies of course she plays a
huge part in every movie because she has
a neat power it's like a cyclops also
got the shaft in the movies if I
remember right Cyclops got the show in
the movies too if I remember right well
of course cuz the sounds were the
Wolverine show um yeah yeah there's
there's a lot there's a lot with the
movies that that as a comic fan they get
wrong but so yes she she was more upset
about it than I was but also just as
just as a movie it's incredibly
disappointing it and you know obviously
it's a movie about time travel there's a
lot of there's a lot of big ideas being
thrown around but I but still it
shouldn't be a fuck everybody fuck all
of you guys you're i Jes your cart suck
and doing maybe maybe I know it's not my
card it's it's not my card 1 i'm getting
hit by every single projectile that
everyone has yeah as everybody's aiming
for me also you know just in general I
don't know maybe I'm not getting the
power-ups there's a lot of thing maybe
I'm just not as good a racer I don't
know there's see like right there i took
that curve a little too tight oh and a
shy shy just gave me a little bump he
just gave me a little bump bump me up a
little bit that's fine now I'm taking
some risks I'm taking my turns a little
too tight so I'm bumping into walls
and yeah that mixed with everybody
aiming for my ass is just got here is
making it is making it not a fun time
but oh I you mother fucker oh my god and
I don't know what just happened there
but ok yeah it's getting serious now
getting sick getting serious
gotta get serious gotta go fast some
smash brothers and that's next Friday
cut them out already it's not even hope
no no no p a date nintendo just started
doing the free download thing where if
you if you preorder it or if you buy it
you can pre download it and then and
then as soon as it releases you just
have it which is great I did that yeah
you have a digital copy that you don't
really oh that's smart why you uh it's
rich I got fifth I'll take fifth ah yeah
oh you made someone uh who is that and
what you yes a very weird username is
making a very good point about mystique
and days of future past which is that
when Jennifer Lawrence signed a two
movie contract she was not a big movie
star so when she did the first x-men
movie she was not a big movie star and
when she was ready to film the second
movie The Hunger Games was the biggest
goddamn movie on the planet you know oh
and so it definitely made it more
mystique heavy I think they made the
movie more mystique heavy to get more
jennifer lawrence in there absolutely
absolutely and it shows because her
story is weak as shit little app
everyone wants you to accept more friend
request well i'm racing how am i going
to accept after after this one I'll
leave the group except more friend
requests and will do more races but
right now I'm racing gyan their own
internet which we don't know
pro get be thank you for subscribing FR
0 to te TBH i don't know how the fuck
you're supposed to announce that
prodotti pronounce that showed up
because that's its debt right Deb has a
B entity this is a tia to be Frodo well
then fro depa thank you first of all
right forget ba maybe he meant to write
dead and got confused uh-huh even that
doesn't make a terrible amount of sense
i don't know i like you jack anyway
everyone is racing against i know that
there ain't they're aiming for me
they're hanging for me what's riches
nintendo ID i don't own a wii-u that's
your right about your nintendo you don't
happen no home sure
I really can assure cycle said another
x-men fan really but Jack what are your
favorite x-men deaths yes x-men deaths
oh man kind of book depths I don't know
well oven thing possible that's the real
answer to that there was a cool run in
oh there was a cool run I think it's on
an uncanny x-men after Gene turned into
Phoenix full time machine you know of
course was a routine after no no after
that after dark phoenix yeah she when
she was just Phoenix you know basically
up being with godlike mental powers she
became very distant because she was you
know dealin was kind of God things you
know fuck and Scott Cyclops started a
psychic relationship with Emma Frost I
know that was controversy the white yeah
and it was neat it was it was a neat
thing because it was a psychic
relationship they never actually
physically touched each other um
relationship and so a fair one salves
Scott was really phoenix right Jean Grey
absolutely Jean Grey right so um gene
comes back and he immediately figures it
out because she's you know the most
powerful psychic on the planet and turns
Emma Frost into her diamond form and
shatters her mm-hmm because she's so
upset and that was it was a really neat
story because like and during that story
like and beast was kind of in love with
Emma Frost and so then beast was would
spend the next couple of issues trying
to piece together all the darkness
so I thought uh-oh we have another what
the fuck samurai mall cop thank you for
subscribing we really haha we do really
appreciate it also a great user name
that's a great so that was a really fun
death and not really difficult Beast
spoiler alert eventually bees did peace
her back together and you know so wasn't
a real dead they're probably mentioning
I think Wolverine is dying to Cyclops
nothing she's okay with it nothing which
which she was not okay with it but
actually that was a it was a really neat
thing about the issue was like they were
they were dealing with some some like
cheater issues about why aren't you mad
at your significant other you know like
what makes what she did worse than what
he did so yeah it was there were there
was some interesting relationship
writing at that one it was it was nice
overall a nice run of issues and that's
when it wasn't uncanny that's when
uncanny was getting a little weird like
beasts that's that's when they started
like with the new forms of mutation
beast was looking like a can do you
remember this no not really I was her
expert fan no like I said it might not
be uncanny it might have been um it
might have been amazing asked x-men are
astonishing I forget which which book it
was but beasts looked like a cat he
looked like a big d walk on all fours
and it was great okay no he did not walk
on all fours that's it summaries not a
dumb question no he did you know what
fine
fine I'll give that to you I'll give
that to you clear x-men by Grant
Morrison new xn that's what I thank you
thank you they had some really decent
runs in new x-men really these are runs
that's good to know so
yeah I don't know other than that I
don't have any favorite death just
because like I said death means nothing
and even if death meant something
there's always like another book that
you could read that words are not dead
because that means nothing fucking blue
shell fucking blue shell fucking blue
shell fuck fuck fuck fuck i was in first
I can't get it back either I can't get
it back I'm too far gone go go go maybe
second no third okay I'll take third
I'll take all the way down to third yeah
but they'll take that that's fine oh
good a little at first fell moisturizer
oh so oh you got shot okay Lucia I think
you just saw me I just got blue Shelby
Emma what will they call the comic
series in 50 years even newer x-men yes
that's exactly what I'll call it x-men
really rebirth oh that's a really good
point Lock castle hunker down favorite
permanent death Uncle Ben remember do
you remember back when I was uncle then
and Bucky yeah hmm that change for
bucking all right we're gonna leave the
group for a little bit so I can accept
friend requests because apparently I
have a zillion friend requests but I'm
gonna take a break we're gonna run a
commercial and I'll accept all the
friend request and we'll start again
okay that's what I'll do so ah hold on
first thing we have to do is to cut the
mic up flying to not create any right
Ben Reilly that will probably be a
permanent death I guess that would be my
favorite permanent death so
Ben Riley was the spider cologne I I
know I was they tell you that the best
the best birthday present I wish I was
the issue that came out on my birthday
where he died he's after work AB and
dissolved and that was my favorite
birthday present I was just trying to
think of like I was trying to think of
like someone at marvel's just being like
you know what we haven't touched it
while that Clone Saga ya think we get
any extra traction out of that Clone
Saga cuz that went over like gangbusters
that was they went back to clones but
not bent then they they went back to
clones yeah I ultimately they did the
court thing after the fact yeah yeah
yeah but you know what we didn't hear
much from the clones after the whole
clone well I wonder why good well mostly
cuz me like everyone else stops reading
my story in spider-man history I shocked
i tell you um ok now for realsies break
and what