The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (Part 2)
November 9, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOP6DjAdKfk

yeah back to the futures great also a
movie that I've seen recently that has
aged very well
yeah like bit I mean besides the whole
Oh back the future I think that's age
mole okay yeah no like besides the whole
deal that's like they're obviously like
you know in the 80s early 90s or 80s I
suppose and you know like everything
looks like they're in the 80s but of
course it's about time travel so yeah
it's okay that they look like the 80s
because when they're in the 50s it looks
like the 50s why would you complain that
it looks like 80s movies take place then
I'm confused
well cuz know Oh first of all great oh
man Gwyn e3k and jaemin's Oh 8 thank you
both for subscribing we really
appreciate your not gonna give them
their own individual you're just gonna
lump them together like that okay
Jamin Zoe thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
also Gwyn e3k you have our utmost
appreciation oh oh so Gwyn easin also ha
she she's subscribed first and she's the
also did your fantastic
well not like normally if you if a movie
is set in the 80s and everything has
like all those 80s things you know like
the cassette player and skateboarding
right then it ages them right away it
dates it right away but because this is
about time travel it's okay though I'm
saying it's okay that it's set in the
eighties because it's a distinct period
I don't know that that would bother me
otherwise I'm seeing a movie that was
made in the 80s looking like the A's
would be like well yeah that's what it
takes place any movie but
but you know it would it would add that
age to it right away all right all right
and you know like mostly because like at
the time it was contemporary so listen
it's not it's not a big deal it's just
one of those things where it works
what's worse than me is like you ever
seen the movie ladyhawk it's kind of
like a medieval fantasy movie with
rector Howard and yeah Michelle Pfeiffer
shelf paper yeah the score in that
though is is was contemporary at the
time music and so there's this there's
this fantasy setting and the music is
all eighties synthesizing and it's so
distracting yes so distracting you're
absolutely right someone so people are
now bitching about my point about dated
movies and then they're giving diehard
as a reference like diehard
is diehard a dated movie diehard does
not have a ton of very eighties things
you know they make a few like 80s
references but I would say back to the
future that entire opening sequence is
nothing but 80s Huey Lewis and the news
goddamn skateboarding and a robo sizing
and you know his life vest jacket right
matters here's here's the question yeah
did they did they when they self-aware
enough at the time to do that
deliberately really framing things that
were going on at the time by the way
they absolutely were yeah because you
know like that opening shot where he's
like riding the back of the Jeep and and
they like for example they see the
aerobics Center right which was a very
modern eighties thing they do very
similar shots when he goes back to the
50s and they see all the fifties things
see that sort of payoff
every
brilliant you're absolutely right
everything's probably this movie I'm on
my third attempt now third attempts I'd
like to beat mom in the stream I have a
pretty good item now I'm pretty happy
with this this is a good I don't know if
this is a new item I think this is an
old lady like this item it's a little
rag doll that all the enemies go and
attack instead of attacking you the chat
is saying most least somebody in the
chat is saying that you are hating on
back to the future Jake is like I don't
know they're there listening to a
different stream maybe yeah there's some
other Jack hating on back to the station
because I think I've been saying nothing
but good things about back to the future
yeah you have so that's weird
in fact I've been I've been hating on
other 80s movies and by comparison
calling it back to the future of
brilliance because of things I hate
about other eighties movies I think
people don't listen I think they just
want to find reason to stay okay I'm
okay yeah that's fine it's sad I don't
agree with it you need a villain you
know if I'm gonna be the villain I get
something all right all right yeah I
mean I'm gonna be okay with that just
because that's the way the world is
sometimes right right if there were no
jack this would not be a thing
the reason we have a gaming stream
because Jack it's listen it's true but
we you know I know you get very
defensive when people make fun of me but
okay it shit and you don't deserve to
get as much history
that might be the nicest thing anyone
has ever said to me you might not
deserve to get as much shit okay that's
fine
you know I'm everything's fine
everything's fine and and wonderful it
was speaking of people giving me shit
something I definitely wanted to bring
up just because it was like it was a
thing that I've been like seeing in the
in the YouTube comments a lot lately
yeah the sonic video has picked up a few
views someone must have linked to it
recently okay and and people are calling
it the sonic video quick debate I have a
small issue of that because I don't
believe I think they might be using the
clickbait incorrectly okay and so I'd
like to get a little group consensus on
clickbait when I think of clickbait what
I think of is like a really enticing
title that will take you to like a video
or an article and then that video or
article not saying anything of substance
right I'd also add in just just trying
to like poke somebody with a stick to
irritate them in order to get views and
attention but you don't say anything and
I don't say anything in that video that
we didn't feel beforehand it wasn't like
we were trying to incite people's like
we had something to say about Sonic well
you know this is what I was getting to
like the title of that episode
Sonic the Hedgehog the the most
overrated game ever was hyperbolic yeah
it was it was a punchy headline that
hopefully grabbed people's attention but
then I'd like to think we added
to the conversation you know we had a
conversation about Sonic the Hedgehog
and stated our opinions hopefully
accurately right and so this is all I'm
getting at is there's a difference
between having a attention-grabbing
headline and being clickbait yeah and
the difference is substance you know
like those awful BuzzFeed articles where
they're just like twenty two reasons why
we love Jennifer Lawrence number one
she's adorable
number two she eats food you know like
that's that's nothing of substance
it has the word Jennifer Lawrence in the
title so you click on it that is
clickbait they've baited you with the
title and and you've gotten you've
gotten trapped I get I get physically
agitated when I click on something and
it takes me two answers calm I instantly
instantly click on close the window what
happens I'm with you I'm like it can't
be with you they're like they're like
they're like top ten type list and every
number and their top ten it's like you
have to click like one sentence at a
time I read the whole thing of course
because then you get a dress they are
the worst what the fuck does rage Pross
from FPR Oh tsk I didn't see if I can do
this for Pratt's key thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Shoop Shoop double yeah what's
shoopdawhoop it's it's this item based
off of the the meme and so you basically
just a giant laser I think I prefer the
best friend it's time to choose my power
the best friend is more more powerful
effective oh okay no just for anyone in
the and a chat who's wondering
the best friend lures people best friend
lures people in so I can I can deal with
the multiple enemies if I have this okay
which is significantly more important
everything's good in any case yeah just
the whole the whole clique baby thing
people a lot of people have been calling
sonic clique baby it's just like it's I
have no problem as a Content producer
being like filling my video title with
hyperbole in hopes that people click on
it but then you know then it is your
responsibility as a commentator or
producer to make sure that it is filled
with some substance that's and that's
just being that's just being a producer
you know you want people to read it and
people you know people want an excuse to
read something and so yeah I'm gonna
fill the headline with hyperbole we've
been we've been talking about what we're
going to call the Zelda 2 episode and
I'm working on a beautifully hyperbolic
exaggerated title and yeah I know you're
not done is that coming along well oh my
god no oh my god
rich Mike we had the worst conversation
no we had a good conversation edit wise
we were all over the place
yeah yeah none of our none of our
thoughts were coherent and so like we
start a thought and then finish it five
minutes later while talking about
everything else under the song is it at
least turning out good what has been in
it yes okay I'd say it's important thing
I have like the first six minutes done
and that's good but of course that's six
minutes you know like you start a
thought and then I have to cut to 20
minutes later in the conversation when I
answer that fuck yeah oh it's it's a
bear to edit
I'm sorry it's okay okay I don't blame
you any hearts how do I open my map does
anyone know how I open my map oh I
figure you know what I figured it out my
pressing buttons easy I want to save
those keys okay here we go
Jack how do you not understand how
others might think the sonic videos
click bait ish well this is all I'm
saying is there's a difference in my
mind between clickbait and hyperbole and
so like I if your definition of click
bait is an enticing headlines that makes
you want to click on it then sure it's
click bait but but I categorize bait is
as long as you deliver is the thing is
that we use yeah this is all I'm saying
it so like in my mind because we had
content a conversation about sonic it's
not click bait but if that's your
definition of quick bait then sure you
know and it's not like we said well
we'll say we hate sonic cuz that'll get
views we said well you know well you
said mostly I mean I agree with the
opinions but I mean you wanted to do the
episode about how you thought sign up is
a little bit overrated and my god
I could see your points let's do an
episode about that yeah you know it
wasn't done just to drum up interest if
it's done because we had something we
wanted to say yes we wanted to discuss
the classic game and and we did that ya
know the the decision to do Sonic was
not like you know we're not we're not
evil we're not little people yes we will
tear apart this beloved franchise so we
will get the views
there's beloved corporate mascot
oh there we go
zelda ii of the alien isolation of our
generation click here to find out more
that's great oh I did I did think of an
episode that I want to do and I'm
beautiful if we're gonna call it click
baby title for it I won't
I won't say it yeah but I'm really
excited to talk to you about my next
idea that's gonna piss a lot of people
off ok cuz I have I have no idea what
what the next episode should be anyway
so I will I think the next episode we
what we talked about a little bit was
doing am doing a just a what we're
playing now yeah and I think that's a
good idea where instead of one episode
devoted to one game we'll fill it with a
bunch of little games that we're playing
now and you know like here's what I'm
playing now here's our like a micro
review right right I think that's a
smart thing to do just cuz yeah we don't
have a big game that we that we are
playing you know that we want to play
even we call the duty the cruel the cold
I'm sorry are you saying duties forgot
the call for the duties and you got a
call to duty it's not what I said call
for the duties out the game good game
it's got got guns it's good oh I got a
great little friend wait to see what
this guy does rich guy has a super
powerful blast ready for it yeah watch
well I'll be seeing Adelaide if it's in
the game here no you just thought wow
she's like a laser blood of lamb laser
blood
I would watch a movie called laser
somebody make a movie called lazer bond
and I'm laze err blood it's fine there's
no blood ocean there's a movie called
blonde ocean no there was uh they made
an indie show Metalocalypse they made a
movie called blood ocean nice yeah
alright yeah that's pretty good I'm
feeling good about this I'm feeling
hyped feelin hyped about this run
because I have this super badass been
like super hype about the run
no I don't want to use a king those ills
that bombs I have this thing with this
game Ridge so like you know all the LD
drops are random right including these
pills here these pills are random but
they're the same in the game so like for
example if I if I take this all white
pill and it does something good for the
rest of this run all the white pills
will do the same thing right okay but
they randomized and so like I don't know
what they do until I take them and like
one of the things they can do is like
get rid of a heart container you know
okay okay but they can also boost your
power do good things but they're all
random well are you powerful enough
right now to beat the game no you want
to beat the game yes I do I want to beat
the chance oh you know what I'm taking a
chance all right take a chance see if I
have blood jack astray yet again of
course 4cm let's take some pills all
right ready well it was a good to be
able to take it was a full health pill
but I already had oh yeah yeah well oh
these things happen and the other one
was a bad one it was rank but not too
bad it was just range down so now my
tears don't go as far but oh I have this
friendly that shoots a laser blood beat
okay the entire map okay well I'm not
terribly worried about it why would you
ever take pills if there's somebody bad
effects that can happen but if they can
have good effects okay okay and they can
have good effects often and then I was
okay I have led Jagga straight yet again
how do I use my friend Oh
full range and shot speed up ice oh you
got your rating you got your range back
does that what happen I got my range
back Oh way apex casket thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it yeah
I got my range up and shot speed up a
little bit and and my evil went up I
don't necessarily know what that means
but my is that is is that new yeah yeah
your your evil amount is a new thing I
think you know you do not know what it
does yet I believe
so there's evilness and there's goodness
like your your faith is what it's called
and if your faith goes up you're more
likely to get soul hearts these blue
hearts that you don't need a heart
container to film okay and if you're
more evil you're more likely to get
these evil hearts that also don't fill
up heart containers but hurt enemies if
you lose a full one so they're both good
someone saying evil increases the chance
for a devil drummer Oh and devil rooms
are how good the rooms are good that
rooms are good and bad devil rooms are
those rooms where you can trade in a
heart container or or stuff and so if
you're loaded with heart containers
they're really good but if you're not
and they don't matter okay but if you're
loaded with heart containers and you can
like you can sometimes get a really
badass items okay well there's some good
I think we're doing pretty good right
now
you know I've been pretty good about
this run mostly because we have this
badass guy entirely have to take your
word on that that's true that's true
Oh too many cooks was brilliant did you
see too many cooks
no what does too many crooks too many
cooks it was this Adult Swim the thing
oh okay okay I can't I can't even
explain it if you haven't
it was a beautiful piece of Cala T that
everyone just go Google too many cooks
right now and stop watching the stream
start watching too many cooks because
it's great I can't I can't explain to
girls that might give away stuff
somebody else in the chat has said they
have just downloaded
XCOM and I'm always glad to hear that ha
ha no I knowing that I am the reason
that more people have tried playing act
gum fills it was my heart with happiness
and joy oh you know we get that on on
the YouTube comments and other Twitter a
lot is people telling us how they got
into FTL because yes yeah and man that's
a great feeling
it really is we love that you guys love
we above that game we talked about it
enough yes
yes but you know it's still an indie
game you know like it's still a game
that does not have an advertising budget
so people don't hear about it yeah if we
can help people hear about that game
that's great
this is why we like indie games because
we should like FTL yes ice oh this guy
this guy is my friend forever a little
devil vomit blood friend John kylo wants
to know if we have played Starbound and
I haven't even heard of it I think I
have it I haven't played it yet I have
it in my in my Steam library which one
is that maybe a maybe I forgotten about
it I don't know I know I know somebody
just got me endless dungeon and I
haven't gotten around to trying it yet
that looks kind of neat hey rich someone
wants to know if FTL is is DRM free if
you buy it off of Gog it is you can get
a drm-free copy GOG you can get it yeah
DRM free of Gog and I if you want you
know the Stevens stuff you can get
through Steam it's even available on
iPad and I hear it's pretty good on the
iPad with touch controls okay I cannot
confirm or deny its goodness on the iPad
but I hear it's one of those games that
that really works well on on the iPad
rich Evans gives a big man to touch
controls well you know should I be
surprised you know okay I mean FTL on
the go rich that's the real thing like
who cares about touch controls it's FTL
anywhere right right where I got point
dungeon of the endless people who like
FTL have recommended dungeon of the
endless yeah so we'll see we'll see oh
yeah someone just tweeted that at me
today is this it's like FTL mixed with
90 times defense okay okay looks like
there might be tower defense elements
power III basically yeah you can build
things I know you can build things
so these little green guys shoot you
know vomit kind of these bombs right and
so I could kill them but what I'm hoping
is one of their bombs randomly comes
over here so I can get this pill in the
center cuz I don't have any bombs right
now
so I'm keeping them alive hoping to use
their bombs like you know so I can get
it down to pill that's some amazing
strategy I just yeah this is uh this is
what I want to let people know is these
guys they don't hunt you cuz they they
don't have any heads so they can't see
you
oh and it works my strategy were what
did what did this pill do I don't know I
haven't I haven't gotten to kill yet but
I have the ability to get I'm ready for
the pill so oh bad bill everything down
lockdown
okay it's a lockdown I'm sorry that
wasn't your fault
I'm kind of just going off of your
general like dinner length yeah but it
seems like the ratio of good to bad goes
mostly to bad with these things yes I
feel like it has been for me lately
and playing okay when playing on this or
on my betta I feel like all the pills
have been bad it's it's it's like the
giant spiders event in FTL where there's
there's a slim chance you'll you'll get
a team scrap and a large chance you'll
have a crew member died right so you
don't never do that event never accept
that
the girls are mostly bad then maybe bad
maybe that you know you might be right
there is an item that you can get that
like can help the ratio of pills or it's
like it's it's a doctor's mask and if
you get that you get nothing but good
pills learning the controls this is this
this use item I have is really great
done it slows down all the enemies which
it's very helpful though I'm really
happy with her that all right let's go
fight a boss
not happy that I had to use it before
fighting the boss mm-hmm
there's another room I can there so all
these items if you see there's like a
little green bar next to them and that's
that's how many rooms you need to clear
before recharging
oh okay okay and so you know this this
item is really great because it only
takes those two rooms and and that
includes the room that you use it in
once you use it you know that room
cleared counts so really it only takes
one extra room but I think I can
probably clear Kurt's Pete says Jack how
do you rate this game on a scale of 1 to
Legend of Zelda now that it is now that
it's on my Vita and I can play it while
going to the bathroom I rate it Legend
of Zelda I ready to pump Legend of Zelda
because I can play it on the bat in the
bathroom and closet which is amazing and
you can't do that with Legend of Zelda
I'm a big fan I'm a big fan of this game
and I think rebirth is has done
everything right in the sense of like
keeping the original gameplay but just
shining everything up listen I've been
I've been chugging a little bit I'm like
when a ton of enemies on the screen
there's a little bit of cheong but
overall I'm very I'm very happy with it
ooh here's a new enemy Megaman really
yep I got man ok
here's an update the the Bears game the
score is now 7 to 48 so the main
comeback I'm so sorry
everyone is saying Megamall oh is that
Megan ball
yes are you right and I'm looking at it
now just came up on the screen yes it is
mega moth oh whatever
I'd beat him I got a extra heart
container oh sorry oh it did Mike texts
you that update or or are you watching I
just googled in another window he
googled the score I'm just curious jerk
if it could have gotten into like you
know 16 nothing territory yet yeah the
Bears need a quarterback who's done an
asshole is their quarterback an asshole
what makes their quarterback an ass yeah
I don't know any couple I don't know I
don't know
he's just an asshole not worth it he's
just an asshole ah don't think I'll take
it
overpaid underperforming Oh gotcha
well this so this little monkey paw
thing changes all the all the treasure
chests into red treasure chests you
don't need a key to open and can give
you good stuff but there's also a good
chance that like there's an enemy inside
they can give up that stuff so I think I
want it cuz usually the enemy is just
like a spider okay right only not to
worry about then you have to worry about
teeth exactly that's exactly my thought
and I only have one key laughs but and I
have this crazy badass friendly already
not paying ah yes the Edmund McMillen
the guy who made this game I've been
I've been paying very close attention to
like the development of this game as
it's one of my favorites and did they've
been specifically mentioning that like
some items just will be overpowered you
know okay that's how it is you know some
items will be overpowered and some runs
and just gonna be fucked and that's part
of the the new map that you have to do
and this is one of those items that like
this guy can just destroy everything in
his path of course I you love it when
you get it you know right but it's he's
incredibly on flower
right now I'm okay with because I really
want to live like mantis borders and FTL
and his borders yes yes you get a couple
good mantis borders and you're just like
imagine gonna sail you're gonna sell
through a large chunk of that game
yeah antis borders with we've buffed up
buffed up fighting skills my mind
control belt pairs really well with that
too I played around with that the other
day it was amazing how easy taking down
ships was if you played around with
hacking at all cuz I really want to do
like an all hacking hacking is good
yeah hacking is one of the better
power-ups better better upgrades I guess
never made a powerup in FTL it eats a
drone mind control you can use you know
whatever the cooldowns done yeah real
quick binding of issac except this is
mom's pad which is girls mom's pad
frightens enemies which which means that
they don't chase you they run away not
as good as slowing enemies down so I can
hit at least good which is why I'm
sticking with I don't even know what
this item is I think it's like a cut off
devil's horn or something huh just wanna
let people know why I'm making the
decisions I make in case they're
interested so anyway happy you like it
somebody else is saying a pre ignite
weapon free igniter is the best item in
FTL that depends if you have a bunch of
short cooldown weapons free igniter is
kind of a waste
I'll give you got AB like ion blast 2
and flak flak two's it's it's it's
unnecessary because that shit all has
relatively short cooldowns I can see
that especially especially most of the
ion weapons they fire really rapidly if
you got like a glaive yeah I'm gonna
pretty great usually the more powerful
weapons have a longer ignite time it's
like having that having a pre igniter
with
more powerful weapons could be
devastating smoke sometimes your venn
are off of the series of rapid cooldown
weapons when you are with a big powerful
one somebody's saying Vulcan cannons are
the best weapon I I can't find enough of
them to really have come down firmly on
one side of the other I almost never
find the damn thing still I'm almost at
the last day so I know flak ones are
great too flat ones
oh that's powerful combo flat two flat
ones are good and two laser blasters if
you can find him I like it's always good
whenever you compare two of the same
weapon because you know their cooldowns
are on the exact same timer which
they're always gonna fire at the same
time yes
you're always better off an FTL with
salvos fire everything you have at once
we've got like four different weapons
and the coulombs are all staggered you
know that's that's less ideal then
you're waiting for the longest thing did
charge so you didn't fire everything at
once that makes sense and yes I did
unlock the the crystal race the crystal
Cruiser I've got ever got everything
unlock right now FTL this is why we
either need to bring your computer next
time we do an FTL stream or you need to
get your computer in order so you can
stream yep make sure I don't lose that
goddamn save file
yes backup all of your yeah backup
everything
taking some time gambling try to get
some hearts face the end loss here my
life
when you say n boss you mean the end end
boss are you know I don't know fine you
know what I always this always happens
to me I always lose track like do you
ever find that an FTL where you just
forget like how deep you are in what
sector yeah yeah I do that all the
goddamn time in this where it's just
like all of a sudden I'm facing yeah
being bosses mom and it's like all the
sudden I'm facing mom and I was not
prepared for it lessons of life is
saying FTL uses cloud saving just log
onto the Steam
never trust the cloud never to back up
your own saves be a man and have have
control over your own destiny don't
don't give that away be be a man was
your advice yes Dan
I mean that that's great right that's
fantastic because you're talking about
you know how does properly saved
videogames and your your solution is be
good times right there
damn oh it's great feeling good feeling
good how the hell how the hell do you
beat the game with the ng ship well the
ng ships got an ion which takes down
shields and a drone which continually
fires and ships it's it's not rocket
science the ng ship works a lot better
if you can find me the one augment that
collects use drones after the battle so
you're not you're not wasting as many
drones for battle don't that's not a bad
ship I don't think is a bad ship wait I
just broke up I didn't hear any advice
oh just in general I think she's still
breaking up oh just saying I think the
ng ship is good well somebody says they
don't like it I mean okay anything any
ship where you have to worry about ammo
or how many like how many how many
misses you have or how many drones you
have can be can be problem problematic
yeah it's a lot to keep track of which
is why they I think whoa where'd you go
rich I'm here okay you're bigger yeah I
you dropped off with that which is why I
think I don't remember what my thought
was so alright fair enough
what was the first what was the full
first part of that sentence and I'll be
able to finish it for you we were
talking about the ng ship and I was
saying that I think the ng ship is just
a good chip in general yeah I'm gonna go
it does rely on drums yeah so you gotta
keep it keep an eye on how many drone
parts you have and your inventory you
know if you run out then you're kind of
screwed yeah absolutely it's
it's you know what it is it's a
different kind of game when you're
playing with the engine ship which is
which is why I'm okay with it that's
like it once once you get used to the
normal ship
Angus things up look I'm just
FTL's a great game it's true this is
true about it yeah sometimes you just
got to run with what you can find like
my last run I I just could not find
decent weapons so I was entirely relying
on my my transporters to take down
shifts
but I mean I could not find anything
that was much better than my starting
loadout just horribly frustrating
probably a bad call I used a tarot card
that sends me right to the end boss and
I was feeling really confident I had
like decent health and yeah good
power-ups and so it's like yeah I can do
the end boss now and you know they later
you're getting creamed I'm getting a
little cream not terribly cream but a
little bit cream cream there negative
eight are you gonna be able to start a
new game if you lose your little friend
who shoots the laser beams
I know I don't know whose is Isaac done
for the night that's what I'm saying
I don't know how many we've been going
that's you late you can always play
something else I could you know what I'm
good
if I was a sucker
hahaha I beat him fucking beat him ah
but are you too low on health I have a
full heart so I have two hits so the
answer is maybe nope I've won we can do
this
somebody's calling for more organ trail
yeah that was really fun
oh no it's too soon is it too soon for
other organ drill since the last stream
yeah I mean that was last week's I don't
we have of this we eat when we like
I'm gonna pull some cheap ass maneuvers
over here and just stay on the side of
the spikes good luck good luck I'm gonna
need it
need some hearts need some hearts bad
okay okay one more hit and the runs over
beyond infinite we didn't play the
Oregon Trail we played the organ trail a
very important difference yes
similar but different what happened when
we played the organ trail uh you fuckers
kept dicking around with our ammo that's
that's what happened this could be it
right here edge this could be it right
here
where's Phoenix asking if there's spikes
in this game cuz here the goddamn spikes
got nothing
I got nothing these things come at ya
oh my god I can't believe I did that
I don't even know where I'm going it's
like I should just I should just go to
the net no cuz I have to fight mom next
I need hearts so I'm saying Jack go back
don't die I could say when you were at
those spikes Oh like I could just go
back to the boss room and go to the next
level but I don't have any goddamn
hearts and so it's like I'm not gonna
fight mom on nothing you get hurts from
that shit oh you have no coins I have no
coins and I had no key to get to the
slot machine and I had no bomb to blow
up the slot machine in hopes of getting
hearts and I just died oh we right
before mum yeah I was right before mom
yep yep you know what this game is hard
rest in pepperoni what that's funny oh
yes so many crocodile lion brains oh
Jesus
you gave it your all Jack I did I
absolutely did okay to the breaks we're
gonna definitely take a break and we'll
see whether or not we'll play something
else err oh that's disarming yeah shake
it off shake it off I'm gonna shake it
off take it off
Oh Oh jack well I'm thinking about it
did you see that that Friday the 13th
the game somebody made with us in it I
did I did I thought that was great
that's really the fan made an RL M
version of the Friday 13th game and
apparently it's playable I couldn't get
it to work did you get it to work really
yes we're just fine for me oh okay
obviously they replaced Jason with these
showbiz beats a bear that's right
that's right JJ's character is
permanently lost in the wood
thank you you you literally cannot get
Jai out of it once and and Josh starts
off dead Josh josh is just a corpse Oh
funny but it's too bad yeah yeah you can
you can you can select him though as a
playable character you just can't do
anything it's just lying on the ground
with an accident that's right yeah
there's there's a link to it in the red
letter media forums if you go to red
letter media comm there's a there's a
little forum section you go there
there's a link to it somewhere or Google
later John keel I post a link or
something we we play it but Jack
apparently can't get a drum on his
computer I guess I could give it a try I
tried it once I mean we should
definitely play it okay well okay so I'm
gonna go get another snack and and we're
gonna run a commercial and then we'll be
right back all right
