Rich - Armchair General (Part 3)
October 19, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaDCgfov2Uo

oh we've lost connection Oh Oh bomb
everybody scream hold on I'll be back on
oh we're back on okay we're back on
everybody it's fine ah just I heard a
little bleep D bloop okay okay and it's
just we OBS stop streaming for a second
but we're back on now everything's fine
everything's fine even even flow closed
twitch all right jack so you got to say
the code word again because I don't
think anybody heard it oh no you
probably didn't know what it was it do
you remember I I do not
okay the first person Pizza roll or not
who says I do not
we'll see we'll see how it works and you
also will sue
I did popped a boy the birthday boy oh
I'm glad that I'm you know what I know I
was keeping it open for everyone but I'm
glad that it was a pizza roll
dick dick of the boy
no actually that sounds weird we don't
want to do that no just dick thanks okay
okay
dick dick is on our new boarding crew
which by the way has worked out great
for every one of our past boarding crew
members so dick the birthday boy is
saying I can't wait for Jack to
accidentally beam me out into space it's
weird that you're you're you don't have
a boarding crew your teleporter seems to
be used a lot
you've never had a boarding crew here is
that what you're saying because that's
weird for me let's see what happens okay
down a ramp down er up I think I want to
go
a few freighters pass by but they refuse
all communications all right and Phillip
Bruno's oh sorry sorry I'm talking of
you in this front that's all right and
Phillip Bruno says that's why I only
volunteer when rich is playing FTL I
don't know if you saw my first run that
night I my first run that might did not
go so well
oh we get the Mantis thing a mantis ship
here is adorned with rock body parts it
would be a gory or display if they had
internal organs oh you know you know
what you know what the deal with the
best blue option is you get at this
event with a rock ship you get the
option to RAM them really really Ram
them rock ship
I'm gonna put my rock crew member on and
now we're gonna fight the fuckers
because they insulted my rock crew
member all right their engine ion blast
their shields burst laser the weapons
and burst laser the piloting
actually let's double burst laser their
weapons until their weapons go in this
because why the fuck not
oh and now they're on fire auto fire off
turning burst laser all right because I
might be able to board them after they
put I'm just saying turn auto fire off
don't forget to turn the weapons off
that's all I begin actually no you can't
I know you can you leave leave the ion
weapons on yeah that's what I'm doing
I'm leaving the ion weapons on and
turning out auto fire back on it
and getting their shield and their clone
because they have a clone day and let's
see their price fucked up enough I'm
gonna I said my rock crew my human crew
member over there just cuz why not have
a boarding party of two and we're gonna
see if we can fuck him up a little bit
take out this guy first he's easy prey
rich unless you beam two crew members
into a metal coffin before obliterating
it you've did better than my first run
everybody kept dying on me they kept
dying in special event every special
event went as bad as it possibly could
they kept targeting my fucking weapons
room second run not a single loss of
life I had to fire people that second
run but we were too full haha I almost
lost another crew member and I did not I
didn't know I didn't okay okay I'm fine
right for now but what I'm deciding here
is that my boarding party isn't up to
snuff and I'd like to destroy them a
little more with other things yeah yeah
rich do you believe in Jack I mean
honestly I
I believe in Jack but I don't believe in
his ability to manage a boarding party
but but I still think he's gonna do just
fine because he has a kick Ashton yes
bad I really do
that being said my my confidence is a
little shaken yeah yeah it's fine it's
fine my confidence is a little shaken
which is clouding my judgement you
decide just to blow them up I did okay
because they had they had a clone Bay
and I wasn't taking out their clone
Bayfest oh yeah yeah Sunday's are the
worst asteroid fields immediately begin
evasive maneuvers when allowed clunk
reverberates through the ship at first
you think the hull has been hit but the
noise came from some rock intruders
teleporting aboard they teleported right
into our teleporter room where our rock
crew member is now fighting them
maybe I am that I am that are you
ironing the piloting section much I'm
ironing the engine um either in their
piloting I okay okay as long as the
piloting gets disabled cuz I ending the
engine sometimes you know and you can
get have like a shitload of slots for
engine power piloting I think it's only
ever three so you can more easily eye on
the piloting but yeah okay
as long as it's getting disabled one way
or the other okay yes and it is so right
now they're piloting is all disabled we
using back up in there
Oh their system suffering the rock ship
attempts to make contact alien vessels
cease your attack we will paid only 29
scrap but for fuel I have 13 fuel so I'm
not necessarily hurting for fuel what do
you think what do you think what do you
think
I was reading the chat what do you offer
it's okay not enough for me I said fuck
these guys huh all right you got a
factor in what you will spend on that
fuel you know
kills you about like three of fuel yeah
so if the off you four that's you know
twelve days it's basically it's like
twelve scrap right right it's like
twelve scrapping right now I have so
much fuel that it's coming out of my
ears oh and we still got three fuel and
a ton more scrap okay s I am definitely
comfortable with that
we might be able to upgrade our shields
now I would love triple shields uh check
the jump first what are you near you
can't do it that's right both anyone
yeah just saying in general shields and
up or down right I'll tell you what I
can see I might be able to there's two
right above me I could probably hit both
of them before the rebels come and then
snake my way up okay um looks like
there's more ship to hit if you go up
there is okay you know what I'm doing
getting dangerously close to the rebel
army right now yeah yeah Wes via gets
it's fine Frank did not work out there
was nothing nothing there it's alright
alright get over it stop bitching
upgrade your ship um Oh slave trader I
can buy one slave and freedom to join my
crew for thirty scrap and he is a good
fighter he's human he's a good fighter
and good on engines I can attack the
slaver scum or use my teleporter to
attempt to board the ship and release
some slaves my teleporter is the
polishing I've never seen that option
before go for it it's the blue option
you got always usable yeah I always take
blue option I've never set some new one
for me
Oh gangbusters you tell what did you get
you teleported away sea monster they're
holed ones have to free their prisoners
they're able to get one person out
before being caught and forced into a
corner by the crew I get assault on
sweet yes oh I probably have to fight
the slavers now but that's okay
I got fucking Zoltan where do I want to
put you engine room engine room yeah
you're always you're always gonna have
engines on that's great
alright so now we're just gonna kind of
blow you guys up it's a waste but it's
all done on the piloting yeah that's
just where you showed up because that's
her okay okay
why yet again piloting skill but he's
got some engine and jeez I mean not ng
zoltan's yeah I like them as engineers I
might actually leave them in there a
little train Oh your guy's stuck on the
ship okay they they just they have a
boarding party so I moved my guy over to
the doors and so now they're going to
they're gonna die the boarding party is
gonna die okay that's fine
they're gonna run out of weapons pretty
soon
our weapons great now we're gonna fuck
with him a little bit dick the birthday
boy says Jack's loading us into the
torpedo tubes to shoot at the enemy ship
and he he says that jokingly but he is a
rock man I imagine he'd make a pretty
decent projectile weapon protip fire
rahman at the enemy ship we surrender
take one of our slaves as tribute Oh see
you get another slave I can get a second
slave it's a human but he has full
fighting power I surrender I get scrap
or some things right but like another
crew members another crew member how
many you have you have full crew right
now I don't think I have full all right
I don't know how many is a full crew I
have seven is that a poker five I think
I get one more Salah you have seven yeah
okay you might be replaceable if you
find like a sultan or a mantis but ya
know so right now I I do not hate humans
an FTL they they actually they level up
on training faster I believe but I
always want at least one human just
because you know I'm a human being I
want to identify with the ship and their
plane so I like I'll just one token
human we we have actually a decent
boarding party now with a rock man and a
human with full fight so I'm you know we
still only kill the human oh we need
today argument we need to name our human
this time it will be a pizza roll only
oh we need to name our Zoltan - we get
to write did you forget the name oh yeah
no then we got him district
yeah we got two guys that's fucking
amazing okay I see it first two Pete's
rules that say oh you're just picking
two of them out
I see Elvis okay okay and valve the
control valve now though
Oh CLIA our Kela CH Oh a I'm doing your
name never mind never mind it's fine
it's all fine I need to be murdered by
Jack you're I'm working on it I'm trying
to figure out how to spill your damn
name Valda Gela Valda chela great Elvis
delvis Valda jela are now part of our
board and crew Elvis Elvis has possibly
the most boring job on the crew cuz not
only is he just like someone who works
in engines it is his job to stand around
and give power okay so he might as well
just be like on a treadmill in the
engine room
well who else is in the engine room um
well Quaid is in there and Quaid is
fully leveled up um you know I mean it
might be worth it just to move Quaid
just you know somewhere else and to let
the the the Zoltan just train up sure
that's a good idea
okay okay Elvis they're asking me what I
what I think of Scientology no no and I
I think it's hysterical Scientology has
hysterical yes and a fraud no no Kevin
that was a comment I said it's a fraud
those me
oh okay that's funny do you wanna I have
a Scientologist story oh really
if you would like it oh ho good loves
the burnt-out hull of a rock mine layer
drifts by behind the wreck drifts alive
mine an automated drone that drills into
the ship hulls before exploding up it
locks onto your ship's signature and
heads your way but I have improved
engines so I use reverse thrusters and
you know you're you're right helicopter
Scientology is also terrifying yes
that's part of the story by the way okay
good it stresses the inertial dampeners
but you reverse course and outrun the
mine you prepare to jump off okay so I
didn't get anything but I didn't lose
anything yeah who would distress signal
plane of dangerous rich I'm playing it
dangerous I wanna let you know that I'm
playing it right now what are you doing
that's dangerous and my next jump might
be a fight with the rebels okay as long
as you don't fight giant spiders I'm
okay with it you find the source of the
distress call a small research station
it appears a small lab retire fire got
out of control and is threatening to
destroy the station but I have a rock
crew member so I can send him in over
the fire all this great you get a free
augments your rock soldier tears through
the airlock directly into the fire
you've never seen someone that large
move that fast it disperses as much fire
suppressant as possible into the heart
of the blaze that's a fine argument Oh
75 scrap god damn and an FTL recharge
booster which I can sell in a store
yeah at this point yeah but I I now have
280 scrap nice and I'm not fighting the
rebels all right
we're gonna one window more location and
I thought my Scientology store
all right you find a slug cruiser and
rock ship and a standoff both with
weapons arm hail them the slug captain
explains that they upgraded the rock
ship reactor and now the thick boulder
heads are refusing to pay for the work
done the rock captain says the slime
balls did a poor job and is not worth
the agreed-upon price do I offered to
pay off the rock debt demand the rock
ship pay the agreed upon price or have
better things to do and leave them alone
I don't know okay because you're loaded
I'm loaded in its eleven scrap and so
it's like here my friend you pay off the
debt the rock captain still seems
annoyed at the slugs getting there
undeserved scrap but at least this
situation will remain peaceful the slugs
offer their thanks for your help and
jump away their true appreciation is
questionable but at least you can get
back to your mission
oh that sucks so I get nothing you you
did a good deed yeah but I guess nothing
you know I guess I should have fought
the rocks what store yeah you still need
this you're you're getting you need
fucking shields at some point I just
want to see what's here that's fine
that's fine yeah I just want it you know
I just want to see if there was like a
retard I got a repair arm repairs my
hull every time you collect scrap that
could be this Zoltan shield bypass which
would be super awesome it only works
it's not for regular weapons that's for
mind control and teleportation oh yeah I
see that but you know what it would
allow my career to teleport for the
final boss what are your options
oh no and I don't need any of it I also
some really awful weapons that I don't
want yeah I'm going to sell both of my
drones okay I don't have drone control
what what drones do you have um I had a
okay okay I'm a bear yeah and I'm going
to fix my ship and buy some fuel and
then we're just gonna upgrade the shit
out of it I'm gonna get Jack I have to
give you credit
Furguson you didn't even didn't even
think about buying that burst laser
three no I'm not our weapons right you
are so good I'm not concerned with any
other weapons you are no lion brain my
friend am i crocodile crocodile good I'm
good I I don't know I think I want to I
got it I have three shields now I think
I want to fully upgrade my teleporters
okay and then and then that'll be it
and for bi C says I didn't even know
there was a burst laser 3 yes there is
and it's fucking awful it costs way too
many points it's around it's overpriced
it takes for power to run and it shoots
less lasers than to burst oohs yeah so
for the same amount of power
you're firing one less shot and the
charge time is like nearly twice as long
sure well it's its piece of crap
supposedly the balance is that you're
not taking up two weapon slots but it
takes so much to run the damn thing yeah
I'd have any other weapons yeah yeah
okay I'm gonna hit one more section and
I'm going to be exit because you can
okay
can you hit the the exits and then the
other section and then back oh then you
get then you get two more we will see
hold on I gotta find a pirate I gotta
find a pirate these fuckers can't even
hit me with their weapons that's this is
FTL talk going on on the chat I need to
chime in I need to mark mark soufeel
said that's why you buy two verse threes
no marsupial obviously ten shots let's
say like say hypothetically because this
did happen to me once for burst twos and
it's rare but it's happened to me that
gives you 12 shots twice as almost twice
as fast
no he's joking yeah double double burst
twos and some ion weapons is better than
burst three and anything else absolutely
that was clearly a joke I I don't know I
don't know
my laser weapons are turned off I just
sent my boarding party over and my laser
are turned off my eye okay so going but
my lasers are turned off
it's just fun so what's what's what's
what's up with Scientology when we went
to Hollywood to film high five
Hollywood you know what we were trying
to film is like stereotypical you know
Hollywood stuff right so we got the
Hollywood sign we got the the Mann's
Chinese Theater right all the all the
normal like Hollywood stuff that rock
man is gonna kill my guy so we gotta
take it back at he'll we're gonna play
it safe we're gonna play it cool and so
it's just like all the typical Hollywood
stuff Walk of Fame Mann's Chinese
Theater all that fun jungle right and
what's more la than the Scientology
Center you know like that's the thing
that's the thing that happens in LA and
Scientology is big there yeah and so
it's just it's it's it's something that
we want to do we wanted to film in front
of the Scientology's that you might want
to power that met day I did okay okay
but thank you sorry no no problem so we
we find you know like off of one of the
main strips is the sign or the
Scientology Center
because it'll be fine and you know how
the high-five montage is every shot is
12 seconds and especially when it's just
two guys it takes 12 seconds right so
we've done a decent shot that says you
know Scientology center ice
would they patched up some my home it's
great and we get the shot and it's super
easy and to kind of avoid suspicion we
parked around the corner from the
Scientology Center you know just so they
wouldn't see us like pull up park and
then get out and shoot cameras like we
didn't want them to think we were you
know filming them well you know they
have a reputation right yeah for being
con men and and for for having some
strong aren't as strong armed the
tactics when a couple people filming
them yeah so we get our shot and we head
back to the car and maybe a minute and a
half has passed right we got a like
since we filmed we get to the
Scientology Center we film and we walk
back to the car and in that time
including filming and walking back to
the car it's maybe a minute and a half
right yeah we get back to the car and
just as we're putting the camera in the
backseat three guys on bicycles show up
going hey what's going on over here and
like they're they're all dressed in very
similar suits and they all have like the
same bicycle it's like what are you guys
doing and we're like oh we're making it
a comedy and they're like surrounding us
a little bit being very intimidating and
it's just like were you guys um were you
guys shooting out front and shooting a
video what were you making what's going
on and just all of a sudden it got very
real yeah and and did you just use well
that's done by that point right we were
done the camera was in the car
Bobby Turton was already in the car and
so like as we're explaining it to them
Jake and I both are like kind of
explaining and walking and yeah just in
the car and we book it and the men and
the bicycle chased us we're in a color
and their bicycles they were trying to
get his like license plate information
uh-huh and it was the scariest thing in
the world and then you know like we're
in Hollywood for the next couple days
and just fearing for our lives because
of the scary Scientologists that's a
real that's a real story men chasing us
on bicycles yeah okay I can't do the
exit or can i I can't see is it cuz you
know there's the white line right and
then there's the red line if it's within
the red line I can still hit it right
can you get there from that top salon
the tops one I can you should have gone
to the exit first and then to the one
under him is what you should have done
oh sure exit and then the one under it
yeah II should have done but I can't do
that there's the one that was the one
right next you go down to the exit or no
this one the one directly to the right
yeah that one does go to right right to
the exit but I think I can hit this exit
and it won't be a rebel no it's glowing
it already is is it yeah
cuz it's glowing like that you can't
it's already it's already for sure okay
so I can hit this one and then the exit
and then go down yeah but no matter what
you're gonna find the rebel side the
exit okay
no matter what so you may as well hit
that one more jump I'm with it I am
oh no it's a rock crew it's a rock crew
and they have mostly beam based weapons
what am I gonna do finally upgrade of
that shield oh good good good there are
three rock memories which I'm not too
excited about fighting them you don't
have to you just blow them up you can
also what are you folks focus your fire
on rooms they're in and that will weaken
them
yeah hit hit them with burst lasers good
I took down at one with burst lasers
that's great now what I could probably
do is try to do the oxygen trick and
weaken them we try that you want to what
kind of weapons are they using what
weapons their weapons are down already
is it a multi shop yeah is it a multi
shop
they have a multi shot laser and two
beam weapons so they can't even they
cannot even get me even if they get
their weapons don't I know but don't
under it if they did get those weapons
up I wouldn't underestimate that a
halberd juror nest you used to beam
weapons being weak Jack but that Halbert
I know you don't fuck around with that I
will try not to fuck around with that
just keep an eye on those weapons if if
they do it happen to get those back up
and running okay yeah they might be I'm
gonna charge up my lasers
man might take too long because there's
some of their shields are being yeah
yeah we'll see we'll see we're gonna
play this play we're gonna see if we can
if we're gonna fuck around with all my
burst laser
my burst lasers are fully charged so at
any point I can just fuck their day Oh
somebody's fearful fearful slug boy
saying and I find this interesting night
I haven't heard this before it's
actually better to fight the rebels on a
blip that has already been taken not one
that is about to be taken because there
is less chance of the fleet firing on
you that way oh that's that's very
interesting I did not know that
alright they're they're offering
surrender five fuel twenty-nine scraps
six missiles but they were kind of being
jerks
well the missiles do you no good you
need fuel you're starting to run low on
fuel
you got five fuel here in 29s grab them
take the school take it take the fuel
yeah thirteen you got us another sector
to go through ok I took it ok I took it
I'm down with that
I kind of want to because we're doing
our teleportation I'd kind of want to
upgrade my med bay heal them quicker
just out of curiosity what what sectors
are next I don't know uh yes yeah we
gotta get to there through the ok yeah
ok do what do what you will
I did I did do what I will alright if
just I mean it's just in the the off
hands chance that one of the two sectors
is the mantas homeworld I think that
their ship quest in order to win that
quest I think you need a full health
babe a full of fully leveled med Bajor
ok
Bannen yes whatever but you know
whatever dick the birthday boy why are
you giving jack shit when you are one of
the boarding crew does he says Jack the
enemy ship is about to blow up
don't you think you should be me your
entire crew over and you know he does
that you're going is that what you want
take the birthday boy is that what you
really want cuz we could take you out of
this crew the hard way you keep all
right and somebody keeps asking me about
Final Crisis haven't read it haven't
read it there you go
I bet oh yeah and Merida Gavin would
stir and half a decade
did you do waiting to kill some guys
they jumped ship because their pose is
what oh the borders okay they boarded my
ship and then they left because I killed
him I left because they didn't want to
die well it's too bad they teleported
onto their ship that I was blowing up
all right we got Rock controlled or
pirate controlled interesting no
homeworlds yeah not a single one so run
yeah alright what do you think pirates I
think yeah if we go pirates there's a
better chance of like giving us stuff
yeah alright let's do that pirates
pirates controlled
it's a dangerous sector dangerous to go
alone that's a reference so I got ready
let's just get through this fucking game
Jack I know
oh that's always tempting the sector
they started me off in has two points
that don't go anywhere it's just two
points then I'd have to yeah go back to
my current location yeah it's not worth
it but it's over no no it's not it is
breezy I think it is because like what
if what if somewhere in the games in the
game code they're like these two don't
go anywhere but you get some really
awesome shit that's the dumbest thing
I've ever heard
yeah this is your last this is your last
sector 2 and earn a ton of scrap Jack I
know I'm working on it
I'm working on it take down their
weapons beam over they do have a med bay
so I'll have to make sure I take on the
med bay lasers both lasers are off by
the way Oh what what did damage to your
engine without taking off points from
your hole that's okay okay but that's
okay because we got we got Elvis down
the sticks and stuff my crew back oh
yeah he's on death's door I got it all
right and we have we have a good medbay
now
a good medbay so they're gonna heal
really fast and just head right back in
there get back in there you guys can do
this I believe in you remember to pause
the game rich yep
a tech Jansen a s7 thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
alright here we go here we go here we go
didn't do a thing
Tech Jensen a s7 thank you for
subscribing
I didn't notice I was reading things I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry it's fine but
I already did it
well deal with it Jack I'm sorry that
you they are a subscriber means so
little to you that you'd be upset they
got thanked twice I'm sorry to hear that
not accept sir okay great I did it first
lasers are off both lasers are off find
it I find it interesting you've got this
kick-ass death ship you're going with
this boarding thing which is not bad you
know you do get more scrap it just it's
just almost almost a waste it is it is
but you know I also have a decent
boarding party and I have fully upgraded
teleporters and so it's like he didn't
die he didn't die it was fine that's the
thing you know scrap is more important
than yeah yeah I do if I was doing I do
you know what maybe one day we can do an
FTL speed run I'm good I I did that on
my first run for a straight Jack if
you'll recall yeah fastest run ever you
know you know it would be funny so when
I first started playing FTL obviously I
loved it and I was having a really good
time but I was not doing very well and I
was really frustrated at how poorly I
was doing and I was talking to rich
about it and he was giving me some
strategies and I realized that for my
first several playthroughs of the game I
didn't pause it this game you can pause
and make all the little you know what
the fuck gee thank you Jesus Christ for
subscribing so so I was playing this
game without pausing it which makes it
significantly more difficult so maybe
that would be a fun run is a non pausing
people do that people do that thing for
you um me maybe maybe maybe
all right pirates they're on my position
a vandal we cast crew all right we got
this you you have a ship that can that
can annihilate a cloning thing ya know
and I'm gonna kill one of their people
because they also have a teleporter and
then they're dumb enough to teleport
over all right heavy ion ion blasts here
first laser here here wow these people
just want you to fire all weapons
repeatedly yeah I know I know you're
doing where the smart thing once again
you know lion brain not not crocodile
brain right so I'm trying I'm trying for
Lion Brand
I started a fire that's fun started a
fire in their clone Bay my lasers are
turned off double fire and where's that
the hell
look clone Bay or is that the weapons
room or you can beam just the rock guy
over I already beamed him over to the
weapons to kill the other guy so now oh
they're already in all right all right
just be careful that Fire doesn't
destroy the ship while you're in it I
think it's got enough cells that's why I
waited I waited for them to put out in
the fire okay nice that was an excellent
scrap all I waited for them to put out
the fire which of course would hurt them
in the process and then I just come up
in like eh you wanted to fix that fuck
you came really close to losing Valda
gel okay let's play loose play dangerous
their lives mean nothing to you for
something I mean pretty much pretty much
the mission rich the mission is what's
important all right here we go moving on
moving on
I almost ended up in a situation once
where I I had to sacrifice a crew guy to
take out the mothership it's like I
think my weapons were completely
disabled and the room was vented of
oxygen and I couldn't get back in there
without without the people suffocating
before they fixed the you know the home
but I did have a teleporter and you can
just beam a guy on the the final boss
ship and their crew was dead except that
guy in the locked room to the top they
can't get out yeah destroy systems one
by one till blows up and I had to pull
up pull up alone you know a command
decision there had sacrifice'
a grunts oh and I'm sure like calling
him a grunt I'm sure he really
appreciates that I did that take out all
that took out all my fucking shields
this is a month I'm at that like I on
moon oh yeah no I don't I and so I just
blow them up don't fuck around all them
up absolutely absolutely
teleporters would be useless because I
could always get stuck over there oh
fuck
of course like the ion wave just took
out all of my weapons and all of my
shields okay that's okay
I got all their weapons too so it's fine
oh oh they miss twice thank God for
those upgraded engines right come on
like the the only thing they're leaving
me with is my teleporters
destroy destroy come on
Oh we go thank you thank you for
destroying oh you got nothing
they're trying to escape Oh Oh what am I
gonna do I guess I blow up their ship
unless I guess I under damn that could
happen your weapons I got them I got
them and they got nothing I'm getting
out of here
did you get anything good from them and
this crap I also have right now I have a
ton of crap since there's another store
yeah it might be worth it to get like
full hacking or something fucking nuts
sorry okay
have you played around with hacking a
little bit I like it you got level three
shields is what you got why are you
sitting on 320 scrap cuz you know you're
better off with three shields and a
fully leveled hacking shields are
overrated
compared to engines I agree engines
engines dodge any type of projectiles
shields missiles go right through that
that mother ships got that annoying
fucking triple missile launcher that
will fuck your day absolutely
for shields yeah full engines are a
better defense to that than for shields
which is no defense to that an
especially well armed pirate ship
approaches you hand over one of your
crew members and the rest of you can go
free unharmed obviously I'm gonna fight
them the weird blue option here though
is because I have no engines I can
outrun them that sounds like a terrible
idea I know I'm obviously going to fight
them but it's - I've never seen the
attempt to outrun the slavery so Jimmy
go ahead Jimmy Jim says why not both
engines and shields because it's very
difficult to keep everything powered at
that point because you still need to run
your weapons
and you know you know you can't have
full weapons and full shields and full
engine especially not if you have extra
shit like hacking and drones but in this
case I'm very lucky I have two zoltan's
and so I've got extra power but you only
get a limited number of power slots yeah
hold on we will never surrender to
slaver scum you bitches what are you
gonna do teleport over here right into
my teleport Bay where my guys are
already fighting you because you're
bitches yeah that's a dumb idea and
their weapons are already down and on
fire rich Evans their weapons are on
fire CI aren't those dual verse 2's
great isn't it just the best someone in
chat reminded me I was doing some wrong
things with my burst lasers I was just
turning them off when I got untargeted
them that's what I should I ain't know
you can do that but I didn't want to
risk you still accidentally blowing up
crew members I just figure safer better
than sorry here's the thing yeah that's
true I saw that I saw that
kind of wanna I want to go over there
and try to get the most scrap or do I
just want to fuck their day that's the
question
um what kind of soldiers think I'm they
have a man to stay for Rock both have
pretty low health right now oh no they
have you know it's like never mind fuck
their day they have a call back just
take out the Palm Bay and beam into the
clone Bay even straight into the clone
base so they can't repair it afterwards
to say it's too late
oh okay take one of our slaves as
tribute and it's just another guy it's
just another dude give it yeah he has
more he has one level of repair but I
just do
okay so fuck yeah and they're dead
ooh damn 80 floods 85 scrap bridge yeah
yeah you're on this is the right before
the end yeah you're getting the same
amounts of scrap here yeah no right now
I have 413 scrap I don't even I don't
even know what to do with this it's all
excess goes into the slush fund i Hughes
I'm gonna be a big jerk and I'm going to
not go to the distress signal why
because there's a better path downward
Oh
okay can you get to the nebula from
there right because I want to go yeah I
can I can go I can go okay - yeah that's
that's fair reasoning I can hit more
spots and that's what it's all about
getting that scrappy oh oh my god first
two jumps are no first two jumps are a
waste of jumps and pirates once you
arrive your screens light up with
warnings a nearby pirate seems to have
advanced hacking tools and they've tried
to shut down your engines your crew
manages to keep them barely operational
as you move in to attack they've shut
down my engines rich what am I going to
do let's shit on lo the shit out of them
that's the correct answer
fart fart fart IRS's even if you aren't
going to power for shields it's still
worth getting the system upgraded
because the unused two points will take
damage before the powered portions do
that's very good
that is a good point it's still it's
still an expensive upgrade and the
reason we were holding on to the money
is cuz we might find some great shit at
a store cuz you know that money would
still probably be better off going to
fully upgrading like let's say you find
a job drone control and like
combat drone 2 and a defense drone - and
you might want to invest a lot of money
into that instead yeah yeah no
there-there's there's better
I think there's better things to spend
money on absolutely but I mean if we
don't find a store yeah sure we're gonna
dump that the shields and the engines or
whatever
absolutely yeah yeah okay not gonna make
it that's fine that's fine everything's
fine they're doing fine rich don't you
worry about it you worry about them
engine of our ions active here
I so there they had a clone vein yeah oh
no you didn't take it out did you I did
take it out and then I went in there to
fight and then someone came in to repair
it and so I just shot three really quick
missiles at it okay
how many dead did you lose a guy no no I
killed one of their guys in the process
but now okay
oh you repaired their clone Bay a little
bit wait quick question if my guys
destroy a room how many hull points do
they lose one yeah yep okay we can deal
with that perfect if you are correct by
the way okay because if they lost three
then my guys would have died but but
they did lose one and we win and we got
a bunch of scraps well we're good is
there an achievement if you get if you
collect over 500 scrap I don't know I
don't paid much attention to that stuff
honestly you don't you don't get it you
don't have it on Steam so you don't do
acumen even the even the in-game FTL
achievements they're just kind of like
glaze over them I don't yeah whatever
sure all right that's fine that is fine
okay great great
we're doing great where can we go from
here I mean I'm in it for the ships to
the ship layouts Jack yeah that's what
I'm for yeah pure essence of game Jack
not shit that is the essence of game oh
just intruders on board
this one intruder that true oh oh no
there's more okay there's white
we're gonna kill this guy first then
we're gonna kill these guys these guys
they're great no it's fine
we got our fighters dick the birthday
boy is gonna be levelled up soon in his
fighting skills nice nice yeah then
maybe he'll shut up about you blowing
him up no way he's talking about it
though
oh he's worried just goading you to do
it yeah that sounds exactly like dick
the birthday boy that's so addictive
birthday boy oh my god you're by the way
I just read someone's comment that it's
almost 3:00 a.m. as this long as they
have been streaming no first of all the
answer is no second of all I had it's
it's quarter to 2:00 a.m. yeah I had no
concept of that that's your your you're
in the zone I'm in the gaming zone yeah
it's gonna be rough day tomorrow and
that's fine that's worth it we're
playing a good game of FTL I I have to
go pick up my copy of Metal Slug that I
traded in alien isolation for yeah yeah
that's good that's a rough day
hired bomber all right what do we got
here they do have I got some shit all
right so we heavy ion the shield the ion
blast the piloting we first laser their
weapons wash rinse repeat we gotta get
past this so first you got I answer so
yeah we're past it already they did oh
oh shit oh shit detail son shut what's
shit shit whoo shit what they have a
Halbert beam drone that is bypassing my
shields and they have any missiles my
weapons that's ok that's ok I'm moving
several men into my weapons Bay to
repair oh yeah you lost the burst lasers
oh my yeah probably should have had
those further back yeah you're gonna be
arraigned Walt yeah
I'm just gonna we're losing everything
we're losing everything for the person
saying trade-in on a PCI I played the
ps4 version Jack played the PC version
yeah just flee yeah if you're that fuck
well you get you get what ten free whole
point ten when you're less than that day
yeah okay
sleep fleet gather there you go go to
this other one first there's another
there's another one right before the
store so I could hit another one store
and then an exit no store so you can fix
up all the damage that's just been done
to your ship all right all right I was
trying to be greedy and let everybody
heal oh yeah are you get you get you get
ten free whole points when you get to
the last sector so I wouldn't worry
about fixing the hole right now we're
gonna we're gonna have everyone repair
the weapons good everybody going heal
that was scary that was a scary battle
and everybody go back to your spots oh
oh that's right I moved your spot just
go to the damn store and end this
madness oh no my money madness oh maybe
they're talking about that I'm thinking
you know if you want to stop watching
the stream you can leave at any time
no I think I think like they see all
that scrapping it's behind a hole in
their pocket I know it is I know it is
it is up until that last fight we didn't
need it no now but now here's the thing
now we get some oh no wait don't leave
yet don't leave yet
what was that the store cuz I didn't
even see I didn't see it oh oh you're
just worried on yeah okay okay that's
tough we got drone control we got a
clone BAE we got mind control yeah we
got a fire bomb a Pegasus missile and a
heavy laser so much of the man bunch of
man with our drone control we have a
couple drone options of fire anti-ship
fire drone a whole repair drone again
which could be really nice
Oh hope Aaron yeah or I could just spend
all that money on upgrading the shit out
of everything let's let's let's see
what's left over let's start upgrading
okay oh wait do you have anything to
sell I could just for the sake of
argument I could sell the scrap recovery
arm because I won't really need that
anymore and I guess I was I I would do
that I could actually I could sell kind
of an everything I have a scrap recovery
arm and an advanced FTL navigation
and I don't need a advanced FTL
navigation anymore right scrap recovery
arm I also have an effort oh wait no the
navigation that's one that lets you go
back to old points right yeah keep that
that actually can be useful if you like
go pass to repair sure okay what a
station what about the recharge booster
probably don't need that anymore
no no twenty-five scrap there's all
saying yeah yeah yeah okay okay I'm
selling it and keep the navigation for
an okay but it's something so right now
I have five hundred and thirty eight
grand okay so where do we want to start
here obviously I'm just gonna buy all
the Power Bars I can we're gonna use
them all engines and shields to it so I
have full engines I could get full
shields to
and if the question is how do you feel
about that drone control that's the
question I don't I don't care about the
drum control okay then yeah full engines
full shells and just for shits and
giggles I'm going to buy an extra thing
for my oxygen because if door huh yeah
yeah extra door extra oxygen and I can't
do that I have to choose oh you don't
have enough scrap I have oh I have to
yeah yes I have two doors already and a
man on door yeah that's you know it
doesn't matter once once the once that
fucking boarding drone fuck's your day
you're gonna be glad you had doors okay
I got doors and Cuddy all right great
how much of this can you run at the same
time with that power are you good I can
have all weapons three shields full
engines right now I have everything
running I cook up for acceptor to shield
slots and so if I wanted I could take
two away from teleporting take it from
your med bay or two for med bay right
and put that into shield yeah no point
in having the Med Bay running if you're
not using it right right so we are so
fucking good oh I can I can hit this
extra spot and then the exit yeah you're
sitting you're sitting pretty good I'm
feeling I'm feeling fairly happy and
then and then with the scrap from this
next one then you probably can't upgrade
the oxygen yeah but it's not it's
someone wants to trade they want me to
give them three missiles for Tim with
drone controls I'm gonna ignore him just
cuz I don't care okay well you know you
could have held mahtim doesn't matter
you one way or the other but if you
wanna be a dick I do I do want okay
then be a dick be a dick I don't care I
don't care oh my god
as soon as I arrived at the oh my god
rich
as soon as you arrive small mantas ship
detaches from the rack and jumps way you
must have interrupted their salvage
operation because you find a weapon
ready to be installed one isn't a pike
beam okay and 35 scrap ok first thing
I'm gonna do is uh upgrade my oxygen a
Pike beam let's see what that does and
cut across entire ships assuming there's
no shield to stop it yeah I'd rather
have the two ions and the burst lasers
I'm with you I am with you so let's do
that
hey you're rockin that combo alright
here we go
last stand well I got an achievement
apparently eight hello
hello fuel let's go do this
let's go do this rich okay
it's time
it's all right everybody here we go here
we go here we go here we go here we go
now oh they have anti-personnel drawn
I'm just gonna fuck their day you say
that every time I'm gonna fuck their day
go fuck their day I'm going to attempt
oh look I fucked their day and I said it
like I still get more scrap from the use
if I if I go with with a boarding party
yeah but do you need it for anything to
burst laser twos
I know I know oh my god my hand they're
offering surrender my favorite combo of
the game Jang yeah you're gonna kill
them aren't I'm gonna kill them rich
nice fully I fully support your decision
to murder these people they're Joe's guy
Joe's guy he just subscribed because we
murdered the rebel scum thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
oh my god like I have this scrap I just
wanna I want to upgrade something right
there's a base what do you what do you
get at a base um I know you used to get
a little bit of healing but I think they
replace that replace that with the
repair sectors I'm not sure the base is
for their big guys going right yeah I
think so yeah
what can you can you upgrade free combs
or anything you can just pointlessly
upgrade even though you're at full like
they might let you might find another
store actually yeah I was wondering what
a base was like if a base was a don't I
don't believe it is okay and then we
wait it's true it's true love in this
deck I I'm this is a good run and it's
like not only is it a good run but it's
a good run while people are watching and
so that's that's extra nice oh I say
that and then they hit me with their
fucking missiles it's okay I think I
think the chat is right some upgraded
pilot would be nice and would read pilot
yeah your your auto if you get hit in
the pilot in there in the cockpit it
helps sure okay you're right
once once your once your cockpits down
you your your evasion is zero sure
that's true that's true and you don't
need to worry about powering it so you
take the damage notice you if you flee
will you be able to get to a repair
station boo there's a store and a base
storm Sora
so you promise yeah yeah store you can
you can you can fix yourself there
okay although we got we have fires to
put out yeah I see
and that was that was rough it's all
right it's all right
they could fix it up fix up that maybe
fix up that hole oh yeah I'll fix it up
I'm just gonna get my ship in shipshape
first chats bringing up another good
point you can also sell that pipe beam
don't forget about that who else got hit
everybody's spot now Rico you head to
the Med Bay everybody get healed we got
time to get healed this will pump an
extra slot into the med bay absolutely I
did I did it you don't even know it but
I did it okay I let's see what this
store has to offer for now now that
we're all good
okay so first thing we're gonna do we're
gonna sell that Pike beam at about a
hundred scrap to deal with here and
nothing good small bomb Pegasus missile
and a pipe beam and just fix all really
and some crew members but that's not
really helpful at this point yeah it was
a mouthful so fix all move on yeah okay
upgrade up upgrade your your autopilot
oh that's right I do know I can only
upgrade them once but that's fine
Auto 50 evasion if I lose my pilot all
right here we go
first battle with the mother is
happening now auto fire is on
motherfucker that motherfucker rich
clothes the clothes right away like the
motherfucker that he is oh my god that
dick he hacked my teleport ooh oh that
insufferable dick
okay hold on gotta make some calls here
got to make some judgment calls here so
first thing we're gonna bring a
concentrate our burst lasers on that
dumb cloaking we're gonna constant
concentrate your fire on that missile
launcher yeah that's the most of you
can't teleport in there the most
important thing is taking that down
you're absolutely the most important
thing you're absolutely right and you
can always flee and come back and hope
you target something else once your
engines are charged with that with that
hacking that fucking hacking yeah okay
yeah
you got good evasion you got a good
pilot yeah no and I'm like so the
hacking is I could I could teleport my
guys now if I want it to do it I mean
but so do I do what as soon as you can
and they'll just teleport back if once
the hacking starts but I'm gonna tell
any any progress you yeah I don't
teleport them to a different room
because my boy huh why cuz my birthday
no no okay I forgot it I could take my
burst lasers off okay hold on hold on
target target target like the shields
instead and then for one thing that
other guy there that you got bigger your
highlighted right now directly to the
left of the missile launcher don't kill
that guy this guy yeah that yeah okay
the guy the guy that's the guy that's in
the weapons room to the left of the
missile launchers yeah it looked like
yes 11 just love to the shields the next
the next weapon to the left okay he's
got to stay alive or otherwise you'll be
dealing with a AI ship oh that's right
that's right
okay that's self repairs okay oh yes
target their cloaking Rana Rana Ridge
we're on it okay okay okay we're
fighting we're fighting and what
happened oh right you won't believe this
bullshit right away when they the hack
the teleporter
it means them back yeah it beams them
attack once once sheet once it's cooled
down again you can try again you may as
well retarget the missile launcher
absolutely
oh my god yeah bullshit that's okay I
thought that might happen that's okay
that's okay calm down calm down
you have you have two options oh I got
the missiles I got the message that's
fine they're taken out yeah okay okay so
now don't worry about now we're gonna
concentrate fire on something else I'm
not worried about it anymore but that
was still bullshit piloting and shields
yes I'm actually gonna move what an
extra guy over to shields just to help
repair but I mean what you target oh
sure sure
okay I'm with it I know that cloaks
annoying but it is no I just wanted to
take down another weapon because it was
annoying so I took down another weapon
okay okay fine we're good we're gonna
stay golden boy boy big old
everything's fine I've very little
damage they can't hit me for nothing
you can't hit me for nothing both of my
guys are back here it's stupid fucking
hacking I hate it oh rich this first one
is done like dinner good good
it's not me it's not done yet but it
will be I say that okay and it's
probably gonna fuck me saying that but
we got this we got this
this next volley oh fuck come on one
more one more they have one hull point
and because oxygen can't get into that
room that that missile room has been on
fire this whole time that's fine that's
fine
oh yeah I just thought it was amusing
okay we lost more fire in that room the
better off you are we lost two hull
points and that that's one that's very
good that's very fine I accept then I
can only imagine how much better I would
have done yeah I do
it's true I only say you son of a bitch
because it's true you would have done
the significance now that's that's
pretty good that's pretty good the
dodging and whatnot you have very little
control over that yeah full full engines
and full shields so it's pretty
bare-bones shit but it's still effective
I like it I like it
no not that fancy shit thrown hacking
mic no no fuck you
we're just going full weapons full
shields and full engines absolutely hi
we're here at the base round two
I'm gonna fuckin oh no they have no hat
oh great
oh great great great you know there's
nobody in there fuckin missile room so
I'm going to send my guys over there
right away yeah guys are over good and
then we let's see here then we heavy
ions their shields VI on high no what do
you want to know uh well this this
second phase you get the fucking
boarding drums so concentrate as long as
your teleport crews taking out the
missiles I concentrate fire on the drone
control okay I'm on it okay oh fuck
I got oh I got an achievement for
something I don't know what it said
astronomically low odds that was my
achievement oh that's that's when you
get hit like five times in a row with
full engines I think Oh
oh shit what is that what you're gonna
have to be more specific than that
that's that's their boarding drone
oh no they're boarding drone is already
here
make sure your pilot doesn't die yeah
and I've destroyed the boarding drop
that's great oh sorry you guys my
boarding party has just been sitting
over there with their thumbs up their
asses very sorry it's okay okay pull
them back pull them back I got it I got
it back I got him back
oh fuck get out of there watch your
pilot I am on pilots pilots already in
the Med Bay other guys already in the
Med Bay okay um you're holding you're
holding I'm holding I'm just gonna take
a moment and assess the situation
okay okay it looks like they've given up
on repairing their drones and so I'm
going to concentrate my fire piloting is
always a good thing
all right yeah doesn't matter
oh yeah man in piloting or engine I
guess sure sure they're both they're
both fine options Jack no I thought I'd
double one of them I don't know that I'd
yeah no we gotta fix my piloting area I
know I know just in shambles
all right and we meet him fantastic
everybody heal up nobody's died yet one
more round round you got a jet got it
oh fuck got it oh we so have it and
you're absolutely right like there's
just nothing fancy about this ship it's
like give me the biggest gun and the
biggest shield you have you don't even
have the biggest gun you've just got
really efficient guys really fucking
efficient guns yes a couple of simple
ion weapons nothing too fancy you don't
have the burst - you don't have the
chain ion and you know burst lasers just
really good but you don't have like the
fucking Vulcan cannon or the glaive you
just got good basic high-quality weapons
all right here it is
last one last ship front we got this I
could have stopped at a store I decided
not you can you well what up because I
already pressed the button and then as I
was pressing the button I see that I
could go to the store so yeah because
you know you know why rich because I
don't pay attention okay okay you could
have you know upgraded that that that
autopilot the full absolute okay
absolutely I'd say still think you've
got it let's say that I do
cuz that's better for me
alright okay here we go gotta get
through that zoltan shield
we got fuckers shields and piloting and
the second that shield is done you're
beaming over absolutely we're gonna cut
through their lasers right now they have
mind control their mind controlling my
boarding party which means it oh really
oh that's your fucking each other yeah
that's not good no you can beam anybody
over there though because it's not like
they're gonna have to fight someone yeah
no I know I know I'm just waiting for
this fucker to get done with his
mind-control fuck just make sure they
don't just make sure they don't die you
might have to run somebody to the Med
Bay before yeah no and I can't run them
to the Med Bay yet because now there's
fighting in the weapons room oh shit
there's they have super boarding that
everyone is boarding yeah I know that's
final face everybody that's life boards
over but once they're dead they can't
make repairs Jesus am I wrong this is so
close this this face starts off really
hard and actually gets easier right
just take concentrate all fire on the
missile launcher Suns beaming over is no
longer an option
oh yeah no I'm just I'm wondering if I
can get my rock man out of there without
him dying
he's close to death can you target one
guy alone over to the missile it's
better than nothing I do what can you
teleport the one guy over to them no
this is launched with the mind control
guys still fucking okay I can't teleport
anyone okay you know what there's a plan
wait wait wait listen listen listen
wait wait listen wait wait listen wait
wait wait okay go ahead you jerk
what okay you could still jump you still
have pause it pause it
it's fine you still okay it's prime on
the plate remember like you have time to
jump over to that store heal and regroup
I do but here's the thing yeah I have if
you notice my burst lasers are about to
fire again they have one guy left on my
ship and so I'm about to take over I'm
about to destroy their missiles I
believe they have full shields you're
not getting at this you're not getting
at that missile launcher yeah I think
once the crew are dead they're still
dead too they'll just remain dead I
pretty sure if you want to you want to
wait it out okay okay but you got guys
yeah I guess you're fixing all right the
weapons are being fixed let me let me
see what happens after this volley all
right all right I'm gonna heal up my
rock man and we're gonna see what
happens after this valley yeah I have
the eye one more volley and their
missiles will be down okay they just
fired all their missiles so I could jump
away those missiles have a ridiculous
amount of power they and they just fired
them all so I might jump away alright
alright well if I jump away that will
they not hit me
No then I'm gonna hopefully that's check
before you jump make sure that store
hasn't been overtaken the store has been
overtaken
it has don't jump I'm gonna have to
fight this off okay let me that's some
terrible walk there
yes all right let me plan this out here
let me plan this out here don't jump at
all just continue on with the fight
otherwise the whatever you have done to
them as a waste right I am with you hold
on we got a fuck people might die jack
one person died okay do you have any you
know there's there's slubby humans who
aren't doing much yeah send them over to
the missile launcher right now doesn't
have to be a rock I just send anybody
over to that missile launcher I don't I
don't care if they're half dead what's
more important to me right now is
getting rid of these people in my
fucking ship oh fuck over there who's
dying I think almost dead huh I think
almost dead alright those guys that are
the Border's one of them Oh No okay the
borders are dead then send somebody over
that missile launcher immediately if you
want to win this game - preferably I'm
my burst lasers are almost ready to go
he's counting on the first lasers to get
through those four shields and that high
evasion to the missile launchers that
have about seven health alright hold on
I can get I can get my can get one I can
get one person over there now or one now
that's better than nothing or what okay
no or well pretty your options 20
Russians wait we're paused there's no
rush there is always a rush oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck I'm gonna lose another
person nope Jesus Christ that was your
borders are dead right well all the
borders are dead
well it's your doors there was a fire
that's why they are open yeah well
there's no fire now and your guys get a
suffocate yeah
I know that's not why he's gonna
suffocate there's also hole in weapons
Elvis - Elvis is close to death who's
dying now alright you need to heal that
hole in the weapons babe that guy in
engineering was not doing anything is he
was mind control he's mind control okay
okay wait wait I'm moving I have to move
my weapons guy into the med bay so they
can get healed we're gonna give med bay
another heal point here I want to move I
want to move my Zoltan in there but it's
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck okay your
heals enough go fix that fucking thing
so my Zoltan can get healed
choo choo choo choo choo okay good ty
didn't get the rock I don't care if the
rock guys at half health
that's fine half the rock guy fix them
weapons hold yeah no we're already on it
we're already Anna nope rock guy is
gonna go put out a fire okay okay okay
Zoltan that weapons holds your biggest
problem right now happens hole is fixed
all right all right
weapons holes fix raka is gonna put out
a fire okay good
kill that he'll dead Zoltan Zoltan is in
the med bay helping put out a fire and
getting healed weapons person is now
gonna go get healed why did you leave
both on you fuck in there I still firing
on that chip I am oh good eye fire us
red deer medbay
you haven't seen it ah fire has spread
to your med bay if you haven't seen it I
have oh this is insanity yes your you
might want to beam back that guy from
the eye yes mister that's it
he's already beamed back they have no
weapons oh this is gonna be close rich
you got it you got it you got it
nobody ever said it would be easy I got
it but this is close this is way too
close Rach I take out the fires in the
med bay you wanted the fires in the med
babe and then the whole yam for the
sensors room you can't open that doors
your doors are a lot nevermind that's
good okay Rach I get in that med bay
captain no captain's got to stay in
there fuck all my people are beamed
somebody over to you can beam somebody
over to the enemy ship because they are
empty yeah and and just start taking
down their shields with people sure but
all my people have no health well at
this point if they die they died for a
good cause
there's not gonna be anybody there's
there's not gonna be anybody there to
fight them just make sure you're not
targeting the room they're in
oh sure sure no they have so little
health I guess they won't survive the
airless room that's the real question
that's the real problem and all right
you you you need that med bay back I
know so I need to concentrate on door
so I need to take here if people put out
those doors if we can get the doors open
we can we can put out the fire for
realsies oh I wanna soon I want to say
your pilots at full health he could help
put out some of those fires is more
important ya know fuck we can hold out
we can hold out why why am i losing
oxygen in my last place are your blessed
what are your blast lasers targeting um
they should be targeting shields okay
they are now okay
for some reason okay we gotta put out
these fires you three in the med bay now
Jesus Christ more fires you're almost
there you're almost there jack I know I
know we're holding out who's dying who's
dying who's dying the captain okay
pilot this guy complaining about the
pilot and engine guys being idle they're
looking guys who are dodging shots man
yes you need them where they are
Oh oh that's a victory music that's the
victory music oh God
oh wow
right now my ship is on fire let me put
out the fire that's a check that's fine
they have time to deal with it now how
did you jack
how did you make that close I hope that
oh yeah no you know what it was what
well I put my eggs in the teleporter
basket and then yeah I ate too the
teleporters yeah that is the first round
that's bullshit that's bullshit yeah
yeah you got a pretty good ship going
into that third phase after you passed
up going to the store first that was
that was the other problem they would
any problem those those are the lessons
of life I used my crocodile brain our
weight which is the good one
err I'm gonna read the whole thing will
be this whole thing we're gonna have it
save I haven't saved them the alien
doesn't have eyesight you dumb fat
skinny fucks it's your it's pure
instance what crocodile brain like lion
brain don't play the game uninstall it
you boring twats
don't don't stuff you don't like do you
know lessons of life talk about stuff
you do like what's learned the lessons
of life kendo wtl thank you for learning
the lessons of life and subscribing
thanks for not using your crocodile
brain we're gonna make it we're gonna
die until this we're gonna we're gonna
hire we're gonna hire a graphic designer
and they're gonna they're gonna make a
typographical poster of this and we're
gonna hang it at the studio just to just
to remind us on how to live the life
lessons that guy subscribed only because
you beat the mother ship he was waiting
for that that was the determining factor
that's more so it's how you say tots
that's what we can do next so to close
it out just cuz I'm a little wound up
we can play YouTube moderation yeah sure
sure do you want to play the exciting
game of YouTube moderation I well I will
play that game okay just a little bit
it's late okay hold on
