Hack & a SPACE QUEST 1 (Part 5)
December 8, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soEh_a3JUi4

what is this dude all right get out of
here
the frogs all right now we're gonna go
gambling here we go oh wait you know
what I should do I could totally save
what is that what's what is that you or
were you listening to the chat yeah I
don't know I I turn the sound down in
the stream because I wanted to hear the
music that was playing okay see if I
could identify what the frogs were
singing oh dude - dude it did it did -
duty
okay 27 now we're gonna gamble and f8
boom and I died great oh I say this okay
I say okay already yeah my first my
first time through all right here we go
we're gonna try this again
and a cherry cherry alright I want a
buck great oh man sometimes sometimes
the slot machine can be unforgiving rich
ooh oh come on eyeball eyeball czar good
I think I need those diamonds yeah those
diamonds diamonds are great yeah but
like the three adobo you're not gonna
hit very often right oh okay that's fine
it's only if we get three skulls that's
the oh okay we're fine suck methane oh I
don't want to diamond no my ball come on
get out of here with this I only have 15
bukka's oiz left eyeball diamond really
eyeball diamond dye ball doesn't get you
anything no the only thing three of a
kind or like cherries right like one
cherry I'll get you something like the
first spot right two cherries the first
two spots of the spots will you
something I can't talk okay but cherries
are the only thing you
for when there's not three of a kind
okay I lost all my buck avoids well
that's why we're safe that's why we save
all right hey look I have 30 bucks large
again have fun and this is a little
frustrating but that's okay here we go
oh oh I got two diamonds in a row
come on let's go skull and eyeball yeah
I was gambling much better for a source
who would ever gamble with this game
that's the real question but I guess you
know like you said there what happened
to my classical music here we had a
wonderful classical music playing here
we go piano sonata all right a gambling
again eyeball eyeball oh yes free eye
balls I now have so sweet
bukka Zoids chair I have 60 but what
save the game oh my god you're totally
right twenty-eight save twenty-eight
I should probably like make the saves
more relevant like 60 bucks so I can
yeah instead I'm just numbering them
well we want to keep track because you
know oh that's true okay here we go 60
bucks the winner wins nothing they win
bragging rights in the chat like I
guessed how many times Jack would fuck
up
spoiler alert a lot nah that's just how
it's gonna be
Jack's gonna fuck up a lot because you
know I'm not very smart or graceful but
that has nothing to do with this game
you you die a lot yes fine it's fine
older games back in the day you only had
one game at a time this is the thing
we're so lucky now especially with a
skull shit oh my god this is crazy
very little control over it mmm oh hey
rich have you seen dick neutral in the
chat at all today today I was here
yesterday why well because I would the
one thing I did want to mention at which
I forgot to mention when we started this
dream his dick neutral asked a question
about a game that he has seen me playing
on Steam okay and I won't say what it is
because it's a very special surprise but
dick neutral the game you asked me about
that I've been playing we have been
playing yes I actually well I know I
know you have an important for me yet
yeah I know you haven't been buying it
but we have played it hint hint
I want action okay great dig neutral
that game you asked about yesterday rich
and I have played it hey intend this is
the least interesting mystery of all
time Jack I know I just want to know
what him know I you know I guess the
episode is not out yet so no one knows
what we're playing next
anyway but I got through this after the
stream yesterday I was I was hanging out
the chat for bed
yeah and the the chat brought up
something that not a terrible idea
okay they were they were suggesting that
we get a shared Steam account okay with
a public email address so that it would
be easier for people to send us games oh
we wouldn't have to be friends we just
have a previously recorded account
mm-hmm
so after the chat I know I didn't talk
to you about it yet but after the chat I
did log onto steam and I created a
previously recorded a previously
recorded account uh-huh so we just need
an email we don't mind making public and
we can do that well we have we have an
at red letter media and we have a and
I'm gonna save the games as gifts right
and then yo yeah ya know and prereq has
an at red letter media address and we
also have an at gmail address yep so we
have a couple public addresses
why is my restore not working apparently
if I restore the game from at 60 bucks
the sweeper is taking me away you might
have saved it after you you are you got
dead I guess well then we go back to 27
good old 27 how much money do I have oh
well we have 30 bucks now okay okay
that's fine
we're not too far off they're saying you
saved over here you might have
accidentally saved after you oh sure
sure I could have done that yeah well
shit happens I go oh oh damn it -
diamonds - diamonds in the skull
here we go it's this you know this is
rich exciting high-octane gameplay I'm
sorry jack
I'm sorry this is you know again one of
those things where they're just trying
to fail time yeah yeah this is just time
filler there's a there's a very similar
thing in the Pokemon series where it's
mostly optional like you can forego it
but they have like a gambling Center at
gaming centers what they call it yeah
but they have slot machines and then if
you like can earn enough money through
the slot machines you can trade in that
money for a rare Pokemon but you know
what
that's entirely optional in the game you
don't have to do it at all when it's
when it's forced on ya then it gets a
little tedious uh-huh but that's okay
these are older games and so they get a
little bit of a pass because they didn't
know any better and back in the day when
did this game come out can you quick
look up a year I'm gonna say 84 yeah I'm
gonna say 84 I'm gonna say 84 this is
technically safe 29 86 86 rich yeah I
was that was in the day of Mario you
know yeah all I'm saying is I was five
years old when this came out I was a few
years older and I played this game but
it came out uh it wasn't that great on
salt it's solving the puzzles on my own
yeah sure no I I and I I still like it I
like the idea of having to figure things
out in a in a different way you know
rather than just you know you know you
have to jump over the thing yeah
like no you have to think you need to
think your way out of a situation this
is a Star Trek game right here think
your way out use diplomacy they might be
point-and-click but they did make Star
Trek adventure games
did they yes god I mean classic Trek
Star Trek 25th anniversary Oh judgment
rights we could I am losing rich I'm
losing it gambling I know I know
how awful there's got to be a better way
to do this it has to be a better way to
do this he has to be I can't believe
that I mean but I guess here's the thing
is I can believe that they want you to
just you know do this for long enough to
get the diamonds to get a million bucks
swords or whatever right I can believe
that
I guess like D if you still have that
walkthrough up just give it a quick
glance I'm gonna go right now actually
I'm actually looking that up to second
give it a glance and just tell me if if
I if I'm missing something cuz when when
I played originally as a kid yeah I know
I did it through gambling sure there
might be a shorter way I just never knew
about right no and I could see this
being away the classical music makes
this much more intense and so I think
that helps guys here in the click of my
virtual keyboard here
function f8 function f8
Oh spinny eyeballs almost back up to
sixty bukka's Oh hands how sad the guide
I'm reading seems to be for the point
click remakes I don't know if that's
gonna help okay damn you damn you remake
you wreck everything remake Oh more
eyeballs $66 this is the most I've ever
had we're gonna save we're at 30 we are
officially at 30 save states
high-octane action oh no this is
something like we touched on in the
zelda episode but you know we're so
lucky what playing games like this we
need to understand how lucky we are to
have every game in existence at our
fingertips this is the way to make money
gambling this is okay all right yeah yep
it's just like remember cuz you know i
remember playing some awful games for a
while we had the only game system we had
in our house was like a sega saturn and
that was it and we had like two games
for we had gex and some of their awful
Sega Saturn game and that's it like you
get one game every like six months and
so then if you want to play a game you
have to play your one game and so it's
okay that they do stuff like this to Pat
it out because that's it that's all you
have is one game right right umm I'm sad
if this is ruining your Space Quest
experience no no I mean I want more type
II the third one is probably a better
game
I want more typing too soo was kind of
like yeah yeah I hate hate the early
parts of - I like I like parse near the
end you know you know there's just no
there's no game here I'm just pressing a
button until I know I know oh and I know
you know
and so yeah it's it's not ruining it I'm
accept this as part of gaming's history
gamings history is full of padding
what do you add and how long has it been
since you saved money wash I'm down to
39 dollars at $66 I'm actually thinking
about going back to my chance to yeah
just so I can get more money and yeah I
am Saba blue shit okay and oh hey all
right
$63 now just give him the cheat I don't
know that there is a cheap for this
there's a cheat
oh yeah there's somebody in the chat
said just give him the cheat give me the
chief rich why haven't you given me the
choice I'm unfamiliar with any cheap oh
it's hopeless
it keeps saying it's hopeless and I'm
starting to believe it are you looking
up a cheat that's rich you should
definitely have Jack type holy shit at
the machine can I can i type it might be
like an easter egg thing with the text
book doesn't come up I don't know oh my
god what happened I typed in holy shit
and you can enter a number of skulls
diamonds or cherries or eyes so if I
type in 3 what happens I would have told
you earlier I did not know this existed
this is all news to me
diamond diamond diamond oh my god
there's a cheat if you type in holy shit
I did it the natural way yeah ok by the
way chat thank you very much
okay so if you type in holy shit it
gives you the option to choose what you
land on what you land on and so you just
keep typing in holy shit three and then
f8 and you just keep rolling tones Wow
why would you enter anything but
diamonds I don't know how to see what
they do okay alright well here we are
we're making mad cash how much cash do
we need I know that I don't recall
exactly I mean I just wanna I wanna I
want enough cash to buy everything just
get like 300 and we can always come back
and do this again so sure okay there's
three rich can we get a ric flair woo
for that I think the Ric Flair woes have
to come from the heart it might be like
my laughs where I have trouble faking it
let me let me try what happened it's not
there yeah it's kind of there oh that
was kind of it that was better so wrong
that that felt dirty
yeah the machine did the Machine runs
out of money eventually oh really yeah
so now I have some bukka's IDEs which is
great let's let's save spending them
let's save okay save and we are now at
31 grave the chat wants me to say
goblins yeah hi
why do you want me to say goblins what's
in it for me
right tell me this do you like ghosts
and goblins I'll say goblins but you got
to give me you got to give me $25 if you
want me to say goblins
alright let's go talk to tiny over here
howdy bucko can I interest you in one of
the finest little Hugh spaceships in the
galaxy you look like a man of discerning
tastes well this is quite a unique
little unit never been flown over Mach 3
it was owned by a little old lady so
that one will cost me 99 buck asides and
then this big one will cost me a hundred
and eighty five Buccos odes okay and I
have 250 I want to say okay you can
easily get more no no that machines out
of order I'm swimming if once the 250 is
probably the max you can have you think
if I spend some I can go back I'm
assuming hold on I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
back here now and a man just died we're
saved so yeah we're saved so I'm gonna
go back and see if I can do it again now
okay yeah oh you mean in the bar in the
bar the machine is currently out of
order please come again
well did you spend did you spend the
money no I didn't spend any well that's
what you probably that's why you can't
oh okay that's in your attic cap a money
cab oh oh hold on I just got approached
by a shady character say there pal it's
come to my attention that you're in the
market for some transportation I may be
able to help you if you'll follow me I'd
like to show you a fine little piece of
machinery that'll knock your eyes out I
mean okay okay
I think he's gonna mug me rich I don't
know
yep hold it right there pal this is a
stick-up I'll relieve you of your cash
thank you very much
250 bucks swords I guess it's better
than nothing here keep five for yourself
I gotta admit you look like you need it
well what oh you got robbed yep gosh
darn it
so now can I go back now we'll see if we
can get our buckets back or if the
machine's broken and I need to go back
to my safe space and spend my money fast
okay the man just got vaporized here
comes the sweet Bell bot oh yeah now the
machine's working oh well I guess maybe
I'll just go back to my safe state just
to save time
well I don't know just just do it again
whatever Oh or do you think that I
needed to get round I don't know I'm not
saying that I don't remember okay I bet
I honestly don't worry okay well it
doesn't matter because we have the cheat
code now so I need to have an operation
to take the fucking mush out of my mouth
it'll never happen rich you know i
know-oh-oh I mean oh I do need to type
it in every single time by the way I
need to type in holy shit every single
time
okay here we go diamonds are forever
maybe maybe you just need to do some
like mouth exercises maybe is that a
thing you can do the problem is probably
my brain maybe you need some brain
exercises I don't think my brain is
normal you know
not completely
you know many aren't by the way so sorry
there seems to be a circuit failure to
reimburse and claim to have okay
whatever okay you're full basically now
we have 250 okay don't don't go
following guys behind buildings no no no
I'm gonna go buy a spaceship now that I
know we can get all of our money back
alright we're gonna buy the nicest
fanciest spaceship we can get our hands
on so how about it but herb so how about
it partner can I interest you in
anything here what can we do business or
what I'm at your service
talk to me chief I want to buy this one
by I don't understand your request by
ship I tell ya I think you've made a
wise decision she's a beauty the keys
are in her if you have any problems
don't hesitate to come back and tell us
about them it's been a hell of a
pleasure doing business with you oh well
good luck come again you shell out the
Bukka swords and hop in anxiously you
fired up and liftoff and I died
what was the last time you synced oh I
didn't say that for getting robbed darn
the luck Jack you've crashed in the
dunes and ended your life these various
inhabitants of the caronian desert are
now feasting on what remains of you
guess that wasn't such a hot purchase
thank you for playing space quest gosh
alright
fun game yeah hahaha you're a fun game
alright hold on let me go back into the
bar and get some buckets better wait so
I need to go outside and get robbed
again I think I don't just just don't go
with the guy hmm
just don't go with the guy that robbed
you I don't know if I have my bukka's
eyes or not
check your over it just says bukka's
eyes it doesn't say how many look at
bukka's heads
oh I do have 250 of them okay correct
you're good to go you're good to go I
unless that guy needs to rob us all
right I'm getting on it oh wait so do I
want to purchase the other spaceship or
do I need to purchase the Android first
is the question I really want me to tell
you these things no no I'm in love hey
the way you said that I wasn't sure oh
okay sound like you wanted me to tell
you oh yeah no I'm just I'm just riffing
here I'm just speaking out a lot okay
I'm gonna go to the Droid salesman now
and go to the piloting droid right
because there's a piloting drive can you
can you you know you don't have enough
to buy the the police Droid damn he
won't like you you need what do you need
to buy them Oh
oh that one oh yeah that's probably way
too much I can only carry 250 let's see
here yeah
oh no yeah and it's uh it's 294 with
coop on the peacemaker so you could
never have enough to buy it no yeah oh
yeah all of all of the ones downstairs
are 294 with coupon cuz that'd be nice
for getting robbed yeah so I can either
buy what's this one is for flight
systems or is an all-around droid
selling them but it's still quite a bit
of life left in it and it's a great
little companion for you from here well
I want the piloting one
by royde using your discount coupon you
have made a relatively decent purchase
of a pre-owned sale item great oh now he
follows me around like it is that's
great which one did you buy the the
flight droid okay okay
I should probably save or I shouldn't
save in case I die with the flight droid
I could pick it to get to get to get to
get ahead oh my god
rich this drug this droid bobbing up and
down following me is possibly the cutest
thing in the world dig it dig it dig it
dig it dig it okay we can't get in that
spaceship because that's not ours but we
can go to tiny here I want to buy this
one I want to buy the fast 185 bukka's
OIG's how many puck is ours I have left
look at oh yeah I can buy this one by
ship I'll tell you I think what dude dip
to do alright you shout your buck Azores
and hoppin anxiously you fire it off and
liftoff hey I look rich tell me this
yeah listen I know like in this game I
need to type in very specific things but
I bought the thing why would I not bring
the piloting robot with me doesn't look
like this room for it in that ship
are these are these ships a red herring
I'm not saying anything
don't you say a thing I got my bukka's
IDEs here's my thought
uh-huh oh wait they got the piloting
droid from a gambling type right uh-huh
okay I know what's going on here
I know I know exactly what to do I mean
I'm not sure if that's true I know
exactly what to do
okay so they got the piloting droid from
a gambling type right uh-huh and the
gambler is at the gambling machine right
but he died uh-huh and so this is the
Droid that pilots the ship the ship that
that I don't own right
come here where's you oh my Droid got
stuck come here Droid look ashes
okay I bet I bet now that I have the
piloting droid I can go and get in that
ship wait you know what can I just buy
both droids I can I'm gonna I can afford
both droids it's fine everything's fine
come here I'm gonna be I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be like the king of the droids
here okay bye - I'll Bappi droids by
this droid to buy droid only one droid
per person in this town it's an orange
juice I wanted to talk I want to talk to
your manager
now okay it's at UH logic it's a town
law BS is that town law I got money I
want two droids what do you mean you can
only have one droid in this timer SF
frakkin Meza reckon all right we're here
we go two droids one putz you give right
and right it's dig dig dig dig here okay
now can I get in the ship yes and the
ship you would need to be closer to the
middle of the ladder to be able to climb
it climb ladder you can't pour because
you don't on it darn it hmm I got this
piloting droid do I need to buy this
other stupid ship over then why do I
need this droid all right I'm going back
in the bar hold on we're gonna see if we
can talk to somebody here last time are
you near a save just curiosity am i near
a save there was last time you saved you
know what I mean you know what I mean
when when started oh the last time I say
that I had 250 bukka's IDEs and before I
bought the Droid so it's like it won't
matter nothing has happened you know
mmm-hmm except for buying the Droid
which may or may not have been the smart
choice to make and what do I do
kind of I guess I just you know what I
guess I'll just try to buy the other
spaceship and see what happens obviously
buying the blue spaceship kills me so we
don't want to do that by ship
okay I'd say I think you've made a wise
decision she's at beauty the keys are in
her you have any problems don't hesitate
to come back it's been a hell of a
pleasure doing business up here why
don't you come back again Oh what okay I
have a ship now yeah in ship you proudly
climb into your new used spacecraft
there's definitely something unique
about it you turn the key excitedly oh
oh I drilled a hole into the ground rich
you you did what I know god that's great
I furthered the story rich well geez it
seems it's developed some minor
malfunctions since we acquired it we
didn't have a small micrometeoroid
shower the other day maybe that was a
lemon trap much as I'd like to I can't
refund your money company policy it's
out of my hands however I can give you
70 bukka's OIG's credit on another ship
in our fine line of you space crafts
look around see what you like hmm well
yeah but the other one kills me look at
hole there's a hole here I'm sure you
recall its origin at the bottom is the
fine craft you Road to glory in there
there's no reason to explore this hole
any further
but the other ship kills me well what is
it what is logic tell us if one ship
kills me and the other ship goes
underground I don't need any of these
ships is what logic is telling me okay
so I should probably leave but video
game logic tells me that something I
need something over here or else why
would it exist in the game you know
I'm not saying things buff him no out
game don't say things about games you
know like that this is the the problem
is you know I'm using real logic and
video game logic hold on
yeah the video game side of me is saying
that this must serve some sort of
purpose unless it's a red herring which
I suppose it could be it could be joke
I mean you buy the ship and you die yeah
I don't know you buy the ship and you
die and then you buy the other ship and
it fails so it could be a joke okay okay
so now I have this little droid I have
the piloting droid that I can't use I
have I have this ship that I can't get
into cuz it's not mine it's not one of
those two ships it's not one of those
two ships that's what I'm that's what
I'm guessing is that what we've we've
figured out i'd i mean i think okay
that's what logic is telling me so i
need to find a way to get that other
ship so I think that that other ship
belongs to the gambler who dies and
keeps getting brought back to life right
uh-huh
and so then my thought would be I would
need to search through his ashes but
we've tried that and there's nothing in
there like four keys to the spaceship
right uh-huh am i close right I'm just
so off that it's comical to you all
right well what have a nice I am I am
forbidden from saying things hahaha
yeah if I get too far gone I'll ask I'll
ask I'll ask for your advice slash tell
me how to get out of this okay okay I
kind of go back to the bar I guess
by beer
your words find no audience great all
right maybe I need to get drunk first
that seems to make sense
maybe what'll it be I got beer and it's
too bukka's ides
just just never forget to save buy beer
that'll be $2 thank you very much come
again
drink beer okay
I will save save 32 so this is 32 and 31
as before I buy the Droid so if we need
to go back to that what'll it be I got
beer it's two bucks sides by dippy here
did you save I did okay drink beer don't
gulp great
give me another eyes go back all right
buy beer about for two bucks
drink beer as you sip another of the odd
brews you overhear someone at the bar
speaking there I was cruising through
sector aged 8 when I spot this blip on
the scanner so I head towards it you see
and right there in front of me sits the
deltar it's just sitting there my heart
starts hyper warping on me I figure my
milliseconds are numbered all I can
think of doing is getting my craft out
of there so I'm reaching for the
throttle all the sudden there's this
incredible flash of light you see and
just like that this little planetoid
explodes into a ball of fire I tell you
I've never seen anything like it
I'm Aldo throttle
got out of there quick you bet Jack I
love your voices
no thank you yeah okay I don't know what
that has to do with anything
buy beer oh I didn't type fast enough I
hear I have to have to pre type buy beer
why don't you save your right
okay the guy told me a story
uh-huh I don't know what good it did but
okay so now I have the beer so I can
drink beer you feel a strange tingling
sensation the taste of the beer doesn't
seem to be bothering you so much now II
I beer I bartender come on back that'll
be two bucks sides great drink beer oh
my you are starting to feel unstable Oh
oh no what well I'm dancing around
oh my god I'm rough feeling so wonderful
I know the doors here somewhere
please stop moving the bar oh can i buy
more beer here that'll be two bucks
drink beer
go go oh god I mean I can't walk I'm
moving on my own vibe here hold on I'm
getting ready for him to ask again
please can I am some drunk now right so
what are you doing you're drunk do I
need to find bathroom hey I need sup you
can I am pew could you can you not do
anything right now I can't move or
anything here puke
I don't understand puke throw-up
that does not compute P you think pee no
no that doesn't work you you know any
control could you break your way to the
door no buy beer listen o listen Mac I
can't serve you anymore you've you're
sledge you better go sleep it off or
something before you start making a
public display yourself oh okay no like
I can't go anywhere please stop moving
the bar how do you
go don't go this way
go get out of here I'm trying I think I
have like slight control okay
I'm trying I think I'm trying but of
course it also could just be very random
I just keep press I like I tap the left
key that's all I'm doing is tapping the
left key over and over and over and over
and over again get out of here come on
come on you drunky not down down down
down down no left left left
Oh too much come on go left go laughter
you dick you look tronic fuck get out of
here go to sleep you've already had your
nap but come on umm crash lay down those
stairs at all no I can't like if I
rapidly press the left button I kind of
move towards them so right now tapping
left and up and I'm kind of moving
towards the oh wait it kind of hold on
come on go stretch try gambling yeah
that might kill me come on wait there's
miss no I'm getting there
I feel like I'm getting right I can I go
to bed your legs will take you where you
want to go in most cases anyway well no
they won't take me where I want to go
you might just have to reload get less
drunk okay no get less
drunk I don't understand less do I need
to reload like did I get too drunk mm
that may be the case yeah I guess
oh darn it okay well I'm doing it I'm
reloading okay
so what did we learn don't drink too
much
well no I'm saying what did we learn
from the other go say there pal
it's come to my attention that you're in
the market for some transportation I may
be able to help you if you follow me no
well that's all over that shit again
no no so now can I get in this face
craft
how much money do you have
I don't know look I have a hundred and
seven of them you may as well top
yourself off fifty okay
I'm not buying into your Shay spacecraft
tiny you get the fuck out of here I know
your game oh there's a man there again I
like I want to think that man is there
for a reason
and it's like the machine but I want to
think that the machine is there for a
reason - what what man what machine the
the man who dies at the gambling
Michelle because he could just be there
to show us that you die yeah
but then like they talk about the
machine - and it's like I want to do
something with that oh shit
alright cheating our way to the top oh
holy shit
three what a great cheat I am getting
out of here
I'm just trying to remember what that
guy told us which guy like the guy who
was started to tell his story at the bar
he mentioned that that that ship the the
caterer the the what should we call him
mm-hmm
yeah the ship that then it it blew up
like a planet or something right yeah
well what do I do now I have 250 bukka's
Owens
well I'd save it because we always save
you're right you're right you're right
well we need a ship right yeah and
there's this ship that's just sitting
right here
oh we've hit an opera hold on okay I can
I cannot I still cannot get on board the
ship because I don't know that okay
well that's that's weird freezing isn't
it yeah this is actually not a bad
looking ship it appears to be a dry lien
model cruiser they have a reputation for
quickness and reliability you are
surprised that someone or something of
Tiny's caliber would be carrying it wait
this is tiny ship
oh hello so apparently if I just hang
out here long enough time he comes okay
well there's a man with the good eye
this here is a is the the keenest little
scrambler in the hemisphere top of the
line handles like a charm perfect for
cruise in the asteroid field and she's
got all the thrust a guy could need I
tell you she's an outright steal at 214
bucka sides with your seventy bukka's
oyk reddit that would come to let's see
a 144 bukka's ODEs by ship i tell ya i
think you made a wise decision she's a
beauty the keys are in her if you have
any problems don't hesitate to come back
and tell us about them it's been a hell
of a pleasure doing business with you
and by the way you're gonna need a droid
to help you fly that thing
well good luck come again okay I have a
droid great put droid in ship first
let's save just to make sure yes okay
you're right
it didn't understand my request to put
the droid in the ship so now we will
climb a ladder oh and
look around
oh look around what do you want to look
at how do I get the Droid in the ship
he's just standing there looking like a
doof look at panel
he's standing he's standing under the
ship thing yeah it's roids the droids
where he needs me okay okay looking at
the inside of the ship you notice there
are no controls here just a button
marked load tiny must have been serious
when I said you need a joy to fly it
okay press load oh there we go
this is room what sector what sector
shall I head for sir asks the Droid do I
know what sector to head for that was
what you overheard in the bar um I don't
know anything look in the chat I don't
pay attention to things sector h/h oh
that's right sector h h sector h h it is
i will proceed with course entry they
love the fuck bot voice well yeah oh
everything comes hey wait a minute what
are you doing my ship perfect perfect
alright we all had tiny well done jack
you've managed to overcome the elements
of corona from endless deserts to spider
droids to obnoxious salesman and bad
booze yes the sand in your boots shall
forever serve as a reminder of this
forsaken planet you should feel proud
but now destiny awaits with an even
greater challenge hang on sir we are
headed into an asteroid field Oh No
ah oh god oh god okay I can't control
the ship I don't think I can
well the droids flying yeah the droids
flying I don't have to do anything I'm
there might be sound effects I turned
all the sound off because I find it
annoying can you still type commands no
no there's no okay we have established
visual contact with a ship of Syrian
origin says the Droid the name del Thor
is confirmed you might consider the fact
oh oh sorry
oh yeah the name del Thor is confirmed
you might consider the fact that we are
in danger by being anywhere near this
ship I hope you didn't waste money on
the extended warranty when you purchased
me that was a funny joke if you have to
make that announcement jacket was not I
know I will slow our approach and stand
off at a safe distance great here we go
okay okay we are standing off at a safe
distance look at ship before you lies
the Syrian battle cruiser delt or an
impossibly massive ship now you
understand why the Arcadia was so easily
overtaken your first instinct is to turn
the ship around and head for home but
then you realize that unless you do
something to try to stop the Syrians
there will be no home dun-dun-dun yeah
that was that was my best dramatic
reading of them
mm-hmm okay okay
okay well um look for doc open Utz suck
come on look for doc I don't understand
doc do I do rich like you know like how
do how do I get go go to the ship you
know like yeah you swear you got a thing
that's where you got to use that thinkin
noodle Oh God not my thinking noodle
that that brain thing of a jig I hear
works wonders I cooked away my thinking
noodle long ago rich what are your what
are your options
what are Maya oh I have a jet pack oh my
god oh we have opera too
I kind of like this thing kind of listen
to the Opera who I have a plant still I
guess I have beer rich I have beer I
bought a beer and didn't drink it yes oh
really yes I can give I can drink a beer
later if I get stressed out that's great
that's great I love that um can I go you
know what I should do I should save yeah
yeah cuz we're in it now they're saying
turn the sound back
