Invisible Inc. Rich Run (Part 2)
September 10, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQ75gvWLJqo

right house early X is different from
Kickstarter or preorder III I want them
into the same kind of bubble pre-orders
more readers different I prefer the
Kickstarter model okay because that
keeps it out of the storefront like
early access like this game invisible
ink right now is on the front page of
steam when you go to the steam store
it's there available to purchase for the
general public
whereas if it was a Kickstarter thing
it's only you know but and still has
early access to Kickstarter backers like
then only the people who know that it's
not done yet are gonna get into it
whereas it's on the steam front page any
Tom Dick or Harry can get into it even
though it says early access you know
like it's still being sold into the
store so that I think it's a gray area
I hate these guys
Thanks no no these cars that that's more
of a fucking pattern they got going on
see I might I might need to retreat you
might need to reach I might need to
retreat just like give up Shh oh you
know you can do this no where is he
gonna go
this cars gonna come back this way can
you see him yeah no not my ideas decker
has the cloak
he's got the cloaking vest bolt or
whatever the heck it is yeah we want
that end of this turn
well don't walk past him he'll still be
invisible during their part of the turn
oh really yeah oh great okay you got
another but she can't do anything she's
gonna head back the elevator I don't
have to count on anymore
Jack just lost over fifty percent of the
people
oh my god yeah her scream just dropped
to be all because of her I am something
weirds going on and now it's up to 700
jump there's there's some glitches going
on with twitch twitch twitch twitch
glitch well you know they're they're
moving over to the Amazon servers now so
uh Amazon is oh that's right they Boston
right it was all about twitch it and if
anyone cares I'm excited about that hmm
no one cares nobody cares in general I
am I would I'd love to have a little
more infrastructure in the twitch
universe to stop stuff like this happen
the big guy I'm a huge Acker I guess
anyone in the stream maybe um because
I've always used for annual movie
streams that I do in December I've been
using justin.tv which is no more so now
I gotta find a new service what would
anyone recommend
would you like to use this channel can
you stream movies and shit on there
absolutely
oh I thought it was like exclusively for
video games oh well actually that's a
good but I'm sure you can stream
anything you really I think it's just
like the video game central thing but
like I know like there's some people
that I follow that just dream them doing
After Effects work oh okay so I just
don't know if like you would get flagged
for I always try to do like public
domain movies or stuff that isn't gonna
get you know flagged um but I'm still
wondering if you're just streaming a
movie and they would have an issue with
it I wonder you know what that's a good
question okay I will send an email
all right to the twitch partners support
people okay there we go
pictures for games no movies it'll get
muted okay no they don't mutes live oh
it's only one done like I think they
only mutes the past broadcast in they
will not be July ok Ustream people are
saying but you'll shut down your
channels they catch you straight zoom so
there's that so are you looking to
another service
yeah Ustream does anyone know with
Ustream don't you I think you can have
like a free 30-day trial then I think
you have to pay right or do you people
know you're my Google people I'm just
gonna ask you questions instead of
looking it up that's great if you 3 Biff
they do have a free service all the time
or if it's just a free 30-day trial or
whatever
which will halt broadcast for film
I mean I would believe it even if it's
public domain I guess I really wanted to
be just video game stuff that's the
question where it's like what if you
know what if we wanted to stream feeding
frenzy yeah movie that you own the
rights to right would they would they be
able to stop that I don't know I'm gonna
send an email
okay I'm gonna send the email to partner
support hey y'all I should cream some
movies that cool
Zeca yeah I haven't even thought about
what the screen was here yet will
probably be some of the usuals in there
but I'll try and get some new stuff too
bitch bitch I tell like that somewhat
fucked somewhat fucks hey guys
rich is someone fuck
someone says let's just all go to the
rlm studio and watch it on a small TV no
I saw on the I saw on the reddit someone
someone started a a threat on the
subreddit saying that they would pay
good money for some sort of live version
of best of the world I think that would
be a hard don't realize how awful that
would be yeah you don't want to hear our
just unedited commentary if that's what
you mean yeah or do they mean they just
want us to present movies in the theater
maybe they like more about the movies
than not maybe like we present the
movies and then have a little talk
afterwards and wonder I wonder what the
my big question was the legality of it
sure yeah you can't just play movies it
sounds like be fest every year that's
why it's a rich is talking to junior
yeah yeah he ELLs at me sometimes what
you do I am fucked
Richard's got insane Ritchie's got a
little insane oh my god how many guards
are there and they're just all in this
hallway you couldn't go that way he was
blocking there you can't sneak come
these are men I'm dead game over these
are a chip tourettes no I'm starting to
wonder nothing I can do
well you know like the question is like
if you were just to say like best of the
worst presents yeah and you didn't
announce what movie you were screaming
they're playing in a theater yeah you
know you gotta get permission to play a
movie in the theater are you sure about
that if you're charging yeah you can't
just show whatever you want that's not
how it works and then I worked no that's
always the problem with be fast as I
every year I say I want to sponsor a
movie yeah and then they say okay give
us a list of the movies you would be
interested in and I råsunda and they
can never get any of them so I never
sponsor anything the only ones they've
ever I've ever sponsored her ones that
are public domain like galaxy invader we
sponsored that one year I wonder if what
if it was that even a smaller type menu
still illegal yeah yeah but maybe not I
don't care I mean there's always that
risk of doing it just hoping nobody gets
in trouble and it's unlikely that anyone
would get in trouble if you're playing
you know I don't know terror in Beverly
Hills or something and I like to do
things proper yes/no said I I agree with
you things should be done legally yes
yeah that would be that would be a
logistical nightmare it would yeah
buying the rights to scream I've looked
into trying to find the rights for
movies sometimes and especially older
forgotten B movies it's just a web of
different people owning it at different
times and dead ends sure it's a mess
and then someone might own the rights
for DVD release and another person for a
rights for screaming yeah yeah yeah it's
a big cluster holy y'all did heat up to
you yeah fuck this this is bullshit
Deckard's down this is fucking bullshit
ah they're gonna try to save Decker yeah
I am cuz I'm a crazy bastard you can do
it you can do it you can do it
you can totally do it look at they're
looking the other way
he needs to be gone people are gonna
start pouring out of that elevator
that's fine sneaking it out can you save
them and then sneak into that room and
close the door and then he can calculate
Ritchie's calculating everybody
Oh telegin we already talked about when
the sequel to the great Space Jam is
it'll be the ten year anniversary of the
Great Space Jam will do the 48 hour film
festival and no matter what is genre we
get the great Space Jam 2 on the 10-year
anniversary that sounds like a great
idea we did I think we did that in 2011
okay I think okay so in 2021
if the 48 hour film festival still comes
to Milwaukee we will make the great
Space Jam to 48 hours you're looking
into it I think it was 2000 it was okay
okay just got so 2021 is when you will
see the sequel to the great Space Jam it
would actually almost be disappointing
if we got sci-fi again yeah yeah be
better if we got drama musical or
something yeah western or musical
western or years ago historical
documentary oh the great Space Jam -
well that would kind of work because
that website is a historical artifact
let me think
recently didn't they actually fix it up
I thought yeah it is now oh yeah they
did and then I think it reverted back
like I think people complain that's
great oh yeah notes back oh that's kind
of amazing they did update it they
updated it I went there and I was so
disappointed as it was still bad and I
wasn't sure why if there was time they
would even bother maybe because there
was so much attention being brought to
it I don't know but yeah I know it looks
like they were heard to bang oh that's
that's that's wonderful yes
yes all right look at that background oh
oh oh that's awful
your god I might get out of this alive
for Jam central Jam central what's uh
what's the main website again J o w w w
w w to Warner br OS pros.com slash space
jam / movie slash Jam dot HTM welcome to
the slam y'all gone I get to jam well
did you do it I got everybody I had to
give up in the objective which I really
wanted that but it's not the machine
that gives you good items but
everybody's on live which is more than I
thought was going to happen
congratulations right yeah now you have
did it you didn't do it at all I
survived but you didn't fail I didn't
think I was gonna get Deckard out I
would thank you octo J for for providing
that URL so everyone can check out great
Space Jam website do you do you want to
get some playing time in here or are you
okay or what's going on with you well
yeah I was gonna I was just gonna let
you go till you die then I was gonna
take over what if I don't die Jack oh my
god what if I just keep going and going
that's actually you probably like me
unlocking you and that's mode for yet
exactly so I'll do what I can do well I
haven't unlocked on my Mac side because
it's so new it doesn't say
it doesn't cross save us laws weird
that's really true and us lost mine no
bunny boobies right
do you remember bunny boobies and Space
Jam that was oh they have the sexy
female bunny character yeah that was
weird
Bugs Bunny leaves a love interest movie
yeah also can he not be such a date to
everybody everybody knows you'll do you
know they do yeah this is this to me hmm
hey hey jujube 32 don't ask that
question anymore I don't know what it is
I don't like it don't ask that question
anymore I don't understand what you're
doing you've asked that question like
eight times we've ignored you get the
hint
here's another you suppose the other
characters show up in the detention
centers one they haven't been a lot you
take this attention detention center
mission which is what I'm on right now
there's a prisoner somewhere in here and
there's a chance that it might be
another one of the playable characters
so you have three people running around
instead of just two
I I played a detention center one twice
before I had banks unlocked yeah one
time I got a random dude and once I got
the banks okay so it's I think it's up
in the air
because bunnies have big-ass titties
that's right and if you know anything
about bunny they got some huge bats yo
wait was her name BAPS BAM no no no Babs
was bamas on your ass that's right Lola
or something just Jerick and I don't
know I don't remember pink pink bunny
pink means lady pink means lady that's
right that's very true her name is
studio interference that's her
character's name we have some notes from
the producer speaking of notes from the
producer this was a conversation Jay and
I were having earlier about corporate
editing gigs and oh yeah one of the
notes I got I'm I'm right now doing a
corporate editing gig and one of the
things I got was literally from from my
my client was a shot-for-shot edit
breakdown including what transitions to
use yes we want this shot fade to this
shot fade to this with this title was
there a star wipe in there somewhere
there's no storage there's all feints
okay yeah that's classy and at first I
was really upset because it's just like
well this is my fucking job as the
editor let's figure this out but then I
was like oh I'll just do exactly what
you say and then I'll be done ya know
when they give me notes like that just
do it to a deed and I'm thinking like it
that's what they wanted yep and then you
just reply with their email copied
saying this is exactly what you've asked
uh-huh yeah I really like that I had a
really mindless day today just because
it was just reading the email and doing
exactly it was very nice
we have some notes from the producer and
your body have big old titillated oh the
the filmmakers laughter yes that's
really funny but it's like a cartoon
yeah
is that like a second maybe I don't
remember like why don't run what she
looked like she did have like big boobs
I'm wondering if that's a response to
like Who Framed Roger Rabbit
I'd like the Jessica Rabbit character
cuz that was a movie that was not aimed
at children though though it seems like
it would be an odd choice no yeah I
suppose I don't you know I don't I just
think it it was them not not thinking
about it not thinking about it well or
just like looking at the numbers where
it's like it's gonna be kids but you
know there's also sports stars so
there's gonna be dads we need a hot love
interest but like not thinking it
through that it was a cartoon rabbit
well you're glad I know they're not
paying me to give them a cinematic
masterpiece like the peepee poo-poo song
but still I'd like to think I've been
editing long enough to understand how to
put together a corporate video now no I
also don't mind notes like that cuz like
I said then I can just mindlessly edit
it and they get exactly what they wanted
to everyone is usually happy unless it's
garbage and then they're not happy and
they still blame me they don't know what
they want until they see what they don't
want yeah that's always the case
absolutely Shayla me we have another
character there's a duck tip the other
duck tits in Space Jam - no just Howard
the Duck no not those duck tits in Space
Jam is their female song room any dog
tits was there so the initial cut of
Space Jam was actually got an nc-17
rating because of all the because of all
the doctors saying to cut it out they'd
to cut all that back they reshot a good
60% of the movie why would they reshoot
it it's all animated they couldn't get
well they they I mean there's
live-action stuff
- so that has a real I suppose they
could they couldn't have all of the NBA
players whipping it out and jerking off
yeah they had to cut all that out of it
sure it was a much different different
film and general cuts hits it's not
lesser in tone to something like Fritz
the Cat where it's you know it's an
adult cart absolutely absolutely and
they said maybe this is the wrong
direction to take the Looney Tunes I
don't say the wrong direction and take
the Looney Tunes would be in a sports
basketball movie starring Michael Jordan
no that was a fine print they were fine
McDonalds commercials I don't know about
the movie isn't that how it started yes
he in commercials with Looney Tunes yes
I decide well we can make a movie out of
this yes that's exactly what happened oh
man no I and I'm gonna defend in the
movie premise it's just ridiculous
enough for a kids movie it was just it
just wasn't good Michael turns a
terrible actor for one thing yes but
also I mean I mean a basketball player
who wasn't trained to happen it might
not be the best at it yeah that happens
on sno-isle what did you think they
can't all be hulk hogan you Damus for it
they can't all be good actors what what
augment did you get I I still ignore one
point of armor oh nice that's nice I
haven't gotten I have any time I have an
option to to get like the physical
augments I haven't gotten in yet we're
useful that's what they're useful I am
Indian
did you danger when well someone
mentioned Twitter's holiday have you
ever seen that I know you know Rob
Chavez yeah dad like rupture have you
ever seen Twitter's holiday so web
series he did it was I think it was for
channel 101 okay sure
that site it's like six seven little
videos robbed Rob's in it he plays a
little kid he's got like an imaginary
friends sidekick that's got like a box
for a head made out of foam it's really
creative and it gets kind of touching at
the end i'll because it's really over
the top and it's all sort of from his
point of view so the world's very
distorted and weird and and then it gets
really poignant at the end because it's
about growing up i'm tribe this great
like I'm sure you've seen a robot
bastard yeah yeah beautiful
I even read the comic that he did the
skull is I'm gonna throw my god Oh the
disposable session yeah I have I have
the complete thing if you would like it
oh sure yeah oh my god scud was the
greatest comic we should find the Scud
game there's a Scud game there's a Scud
game what was it huh oh my god what was
this guy I want to play that I'm sure it
was terrible and that Rob's Rob is from
Milwaukee by the Rob Trump is from
Milwaukee him and Dan Harmon mm-hmm
that's a very true what did what a drive
Trump do later he did us the Sarah
Silverman show I think he wrote stuff
for the Oscars one year and now I think
he directs a lot of TV stuff I know he's
done some community episodes great yeah
he's doing really well for himself good
for you I found out after the fact like
I started when that stuff from Milwaukee
there used to be in the 90s a comedy
troupe called the dead male wives and we
shot a scene or space cop where we had
an older scientist guy and we cast him
he's on Milwaukee actor I didn't find
out till after the fact that he was in
the dead alewives
I was like fuck if I had known that I
would have encouraged more improv yeah
but I didn't realize that he was one of
the founding members of the a always
till after the fact is the stop shop and
Dan Harmon you weren't there the day we
shot that he's the dr. Snodgrass
character oh oh fuck
Scudders disposable assassins for the
Sega Saturn so we need a Sega Saturn it
was that was that comic popular enough
to spawn a videogame yeah did I mean
yeah how about that
um it did oh man that was a great comic
thank you that comic is one Gingka yeah
that rub shops creative I'm surprised
you haven't seen Twitter solid a that
has it has a game because comics were
hit in the 90s that's true let me see if
it's still on his website that you watch
yeah I wanna say it's maybe 40 minutes
in total oh my god oh my god his website
oh there someone someone tweet a trot
trot down as well fucked up Ron Charles
website doesn't work anymore that's
unfortunate
I'm sure you get a nice burger salad I
am youtubers oh yeah
oh we get through this fad look it up
okay look it up I recommend for yourself
Twitter's holiday Rob schrab robot
bastard yes is a great little short and
he he directed he made some really fun
oh yeah I say he did a music video for
like Death Cab for Cutie or something
and it's all oh yeah I've seen that it
yeah yeah that was good I don't think it
was an official video oh yeah
I think it would they did like a contest
or something word they have different
people make videos for that same song oh
okay
and he just did it for that I don't
think but that was a really good video
yeah and Twitter solid he kind of has a
similar look to that gotcha
yeah he has a year he had a very wet or
his own stuff has very distinct style
like all cardboard costume isn't you
know fun stuff pirate main Rob schrab
calm does not work but you can get over
Twitter salty so oh great yeah those
episodes this looks familiar
I might have seen oh yeah yeah yeah you
have seen I happen to see I don't think
I've seen all of them or it's been a
long time I've seen I that guy I
remember
yeah
Thank You say no I'm not gonna play on a
fucking emulator I for the record I am
completely fine with that but Jack's a
fucking hipster yeah I don't wanna I
don't want to emulate games I want to
play them as they were meant to be
played
yeah I'm just gonna have to find a Sega
Saturn in a copy gun which there is a
chance I have won a Sega Saturn yep I
tap a vein chance I don't there might be
long gone it's happening it's working
it's functioning properly yes Arthur J I
am looking into a a nice a nice tube TV
a nice classic tube TV with a high
refresh rate for classic games because I
am an awful hamster is I it was one of
those things during during one of my
oscilloscope c'mon came by to chat at me
after the sound of review and
twitchplayspokemon made a very good
point that during the upscale process
plugging in an analog signal to a
digital television during the upscale
process there can be a millisecond or so
lag it's like okay so a lot of our sonic
critiques or that there was almost no
response time yeah
so the millisecond slag could have added
to that okay I don't think that was a
hundred percent true I don't think that
was a hundred percent the faults cuz you
have a nice TV here and it has a high
refresh rate but now that's forever
tainted in the back of my mind I still
think sonic sucks but if we had if we
were running it on a classic TV with a
high refresh rate
a very different story I understand yeah
I understand nothing you you do what you
got to do I understand nothing
nuki yeah oh that reminds me we eat much
in Newquay yeah we do need some more
copies of new king if anybody out there
has any we could we could use a few more
you think a couple more we could use a
couple more copies of nuki what he's
like he's gone mad folks like he's going
mad in you know three four minimum I
would say minimum minimum yeah we need a
little bit more than that but sir guys
keep sending in them new keys check
under your couch cushions a lot of
people used new key tanks to to divert
the water in their toilet tanks so look
in your toilet tank see if you can find
that new key BHS send it to read later
maybe corn yeah yeah
yo you're right dr. J yeah no my my
measurements would be when I did when I
went frame by frame that was directly
from the directly from the Genesis so my
measurements when I went framed my
friend that was not on but the signal
going from Van to the TV the the the
problem wasn't from the controller to
the device it was actually the device to
the TV and it was only in the upscaling
process it's actually all it's
internally in the TV because the TV
takes an analog signal and projects it
on the LCD digitally and that takes
milliseconds of time to the movie notice
check most video games you wouldn't
notice but anything that requires a
twitch like reflexes
it could come into play I don't think it
did I'm putting my hands up my hands ups
and I don't think it dead but you know
it was twitchplayspokemon that said that
to me so you know he's legit oh is that
whatever was playing at the same time
and it went nuts yeah okay I didn't know
if some reason I was think I wasn't
thinking it was Pokemon that was a
different game they had a couple of
recent that's a Pokemon they had a
couple new ones they had fish plays
Pokemon they took a video of a fish and
then if it's swam in a certain quadrant
that would move a character in a certain
the fish oh I think carry a fish okay
better get your fish then they had a
couple fish is playing fighting games
like I'd have to fish I like what's
happening on Twitch right now people are
getting crazy
I once found a copy of new keys stuck to
the bottom of my shoe yeah totally not
Jake send that in if you're not gonna
watch it watch it first then send it it
John kilo that's right Ellie TV's can't
handle the blast proccesing riches
impression of the 90s mute yeah that's
the best Cabot yeah by the way you guys
should know that Rich's their closest to
the microphone what's going on
I don't understand the simple things are
simple things so oh you understand
things like that mister oh shit I gotta
go back Jane any chance of seeing a red
letter media archive collection vol 2
DVD in the near future uh probably not
the near future but we've talked about
it got some stuff archived for it the
far-flung distant future
I don't know space it's certainly not a
priority at the moment but there's
something we'd like to do in the
nebulous future yeah the possibility
exists the problem is most of the best
stuff is on Volume one and there's some
things you could put on volume two some
of the older shorts would have copyright
issues and things like that Sarah um
yeah I don't know we'll see most of it
just goes up now my god because yeah
that's all a lot of the archive stuff is
like before the Internet at all
doing alright oh oh that's really funny
sure go fifty-eight says is this XCOM
office unknown they maybe aliens sure
sure I'll Bob I'll come to them I'm
gonna disregard the first part of your
question but the second part I will
answer a va-jay-jay will they ever get a
proper step up revolution review I think
we already did a proper review yeah yeah
what else is there to say alright there
you go there you go that's a good answer
Oh jackpot jackpot did what with the
Japs Apes all over the place oh nice
nice nice oh the first part was just
asking how we got in contact with Tim
Heidegger yeah yeah I feel like I've
told that story enough times that bunch
of time like too many times yeah like at
least eight wait till next month maybe
I'll say it again XCOM papers please yes
Jack did use does not bother but you
guys should also know like I haven't
smoked in maybe a decade like it's it
was when I was much much younger as you
do they might yeah you know by the way
or 46 this year living right 46 huh
by the way no I'm 32 but the AAR she
sends me something every week okay
associate the American Association of
Retired people sends me shit every week
and I don't know why I have a card you
have an avenue nothing there's something
what an accident let me shit off old guy
live near me with this you know same
name I guess I don't know it at home
somewhere I'm just gonna can you get
discounts in shape I've never tried to
use it that's not really mine then be
fraudulent in in world I'm just saying
they send me stuff stuff to me if I get
an AARP card can I get like senior
citizen discount technically I don't see
why you couldn't if you if they sent you
one birthday boy yeah you're right
this is all all of my hi stories got
covered in a solo stream oh really
well you know they want to talk about
drugs it's like hey I got some drunk
stories days ago just get high and
listen to Bjork who's great that sounds
crazy man
I mean I was really boring no I and what
happened later why I stopped doing it as
I became too paranoid I had a I had me
and a bunch of friends rented the same
house and I lived in a basement room oh
I was the only person who lived in the
basement and so what happened is Pete
friends would come over and we would all
get high I would leave my friends go in
the basement and play Metal Gear Solid
and never talk to anyone the rest of the
night because I was too paranoid to go
back upstairs it was not a good time
it sounds horrible yes so then I stopped
and I was much happier person Larry yeah
I think I think actually doing drugs
settled me down a lot I before that I
was I was very hyper person oh that's
all again I don't do drugs anymore I did
drugs I did pot and acid those are oh
and one time I smoked pot and snorted
ritalin at the same time a right to say
you smoked ritalin this is the
noradrenaline while smoking pot which
was the greatest thing ever
Mike because you got really high but
also very focused okay like a fella like
I just wanted to sit down and read
everything it was really weird it's
interesting it was great no I'm not
going to play Metal Gear Solid 5 I'm
done with Metal Gear games I played the
one out of your cell was fine Metal Gear
Solid was fine and then they've kind of
forgotten about the fun and clamped down
on all the ridiculous stuff what's it
what's the thing you always say about
Metal Gear it mistakes trying remember
how i phrase this you phrase it very
well
it mistakes convolution for good
storytelling yes yeah that's it that's
exactly metal gear in a nutshell just if
we have all if we have all these people
saying ridiculous things it must be a
good story yeah I shave my chest I saw
the latest prereq and your chest was
completely smooth I don't think you saw
my chest in the latest pre run but no my
neck I shaved my neck if that I don't
that's a weird question that I would say
it's a weird question
I will Frisco Jones
I will tell more drug stories on my solo
stream when it's just me and you I will
tell all the drug stories I can remember
which is not many of them because I did
because of drugs it's really true bono I
have a terrible memory yeah yeah and I
do blame drugs for a lot of it oh that
reminds me I was gonna mention this to
you because uh before you left for
Seattle we were talking about elementary
school memories yeah I was thinking
about it after the fact I do not
remember a single thing about fourth
grade I don't remember who what my
teacher looks like or who she was or
what part of the school okay
I remember second grade I remember third
grade I remember fifth and sixth grade I
do not remember a single thing about
fourth grade that's is that weird that's
weird
I don't I I can remember some of my
teachers I remember their names but even
ones I don't I remember exactly what
they looked like I remember we're in the
school the classroom was I do not have
any clue where I was in fourth grade
a preference for the stories we were
talking the other day before in the
first yeah no I don't think it needs a
preference but huh well I think what
else we're gonna talk that's true
and I was saying that I don't remember
much before the fifth grade I don't
remember much of schooling I also I
moved around a lot
I moved from school to school I think
that was smoke drugs and I think that
made me lose a lot of my memory shit so
you're saying you've lost the entire
fourth grade yeah I have no memory of
fourth grade shit but you remember
before that yeah I remember third grade
very vividly that's legit weird yeah
okay I remember who sat around me in the
classrooms yeah but I do not remember
fourth grade oh fuck exactly what
happened rich tell me what happened
they're gonna shoot you
you have three guards on you yeah I know
oh you got a third guy yeah he's dead oh
I gave him my cloaking rig which I guess
he can't use oh I thought I was gonna do
something clever to get him out of there
but it did not work out sure you
probably need to have someone yeah oh so
now you don't have your cloaking ring
nope
oh you double fucked up and there's
probably no way to save him
not with three guards in there unless
all three guys decide to go that way
let's not change the definition of drug
we already changed the definition of
literally which is literally true if
people use it wrong so much that they
change the definition of it does that
what happened if you look at the word
literally even one of the definitions
now is not literally yeah that is dumb
I think I think words can change over
time that happens it does happen well
it's like the meanings of words that be
the severity of words and all changes
over time but if a word still has one
definition you don't just change it cuz
people use it incorrectly too often
right you try to educate the people but
then also it has literally now has two
definitions yeah one meaning actually
something that happened that's number
one number two is not actually and that
can't happen
yeah can't happen waiter you say the
camera can this is fucking nuts okay you
know you know why I remember fifth grade
so vividly that's what I remember seeing
my first cute girl that was still fit
great that was that well it's like I
knew girls were around me but I never I
never put it together okay that girls
were a thing that that was supposed to
happen
okay and why me besides Supergirl of
course it's like I had always I always
known of attractive women yeah like in
movies and whatnot but this was the
first time that I saw a girl in my class
and I was like oh my god they're around
me and you said I am attracted to this
person yes okay
I remember that very vividly it was the
very last day of fifth grade
how did you not notice till the very
last day we're worrying the rest of the
year I had only moved to that school
like Oh 3/4 of the way through okay okay
it was not a full year I see and I don't
know I was doing other shit apparently I
was thinking about Supergirl oh so
that's that's why evermore victory so
have fun jack oh yeah is everyone dead
yeah you killed everyone
yeah you had two people in the elevator
I know I know I couldn't leave it alone
I couldn't go on without the fucking
Chloe Greg I'm like fuck bad I'm at
least getting the cloaking rig and
copies let it and get it alright fuck it
I wanna throw this soda can oh god don't
throw us okay
confirmed 4j that was my pickup line hey
babe
do you like ponies like hey babe I got
some chickens fifth graders go wild for
farm animals do you need to Jeanne's
Meg's rich can't get around the jokes
yet because these certainly know it's
early now so here's what we're gonna do
we're gonna take a little bit of a break
how are we going nice that's pretty good
ah Oh Jimmy Jam five that's funny um
we'll be back I'm gonna run an ad and
we'll be back in Jack's gonna take a
turn ed in his wing