Hack & a SPACE QUEST 1 (Part 1)
December 7, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnzuq40K2Qg

ah so it is quite possible that we have
just started streaming as always we're
going to wait to hear it but just in
case I'm going to send out the tweet now
rich do you want to tell them what we're
playing do you do you have it installed
I don't have it installed yet why don't
you do that nimble tell them all
straight hey do you have that little
confidence and while we're doing yes yes
that would be accurate to say and
there's nothing coming up in the stream
we're not streaming great we're still
offline
great great
well then I'm going to stop streaming
well give it a second give it a second
rich hold on and I'm not even prepared
here twitch.tv I'm going to check on the
stream I'm going to check on the stream
here oh my god things have gone haywire
things have gone haywire you're probably
seeing if you're seeing anything you're
seeing a black screen
I'm not the chance sees it though the
chance is it that's weird nothing in my
mind for me it still says offline I'm
gonna hit refresh you have to hit
refresh yeah they might be seeing this
just a black screen right now that's so
weird
well it happens alright alright hey I'm
getting something I broke it I broke it
because because I'm starting to play the
game and it's telling me to Center my
joystick so we can't have use a joystick
well I assume yeah I assume I don't have
to use a joystick but rich you can tell
them what we're playing now Space Quest
I had so much fun playing that small
little text adventure that small text
adventure section
of frog fractions that we are now I'm
now going to play another full-fledged
text adventure game well I mean this was
one isn't technically a text adventure
though there are enough things in common
where it might be a similar experience
yeah yeah hopefully yeah cuz you have to
type to do stuff right yes you still
like open door search desk that kind of
thing that's all I care about
yeah so this is space question quest one
Roger Wilco in the Syrian encounter
mm-hm great done okay I've just updated
the stream which obviously is very
exciting to everyone we're going to send
out a tweet in a second I need to get a
snack we were not prepared although it
starts screaming if you do not have your
snack ready because because I just
wanted to get it start Oh God because I
want oh god I'm so sorry everybody here
and here's the real thing here's the
real reason why we're running late every
once in awhile we have issues with first
of all let's get this black screen taken
care of this is first and foremost I
what is happening what is happening
everything is terrible everything is
terrible there we go okay cancel that
cancel that here we go get out of here
get out of here several art window
capture what do we want here this is
what we want properties Space Quest my
PC is doing fine
we are not streaming on my PC right now
though because while my computer now
kicks ass my internet is still shit I
still need to get an upgrade on the
internet but however I'm thinking
Wednesday I will just drag my computer
down to the studio and we can stream on
my PC from there
yeah yeah actually I kind of know what I
want to stream even so oh do you I I was
talking to cheddar
forgot a movie before you got home yeah
and uh if somebody wants to send me a
Blood Dragon i'll stream blood dragon
and somebody sent me blood dragon also
apple stream blood dragon next wednesday
first of all this game is way too loud
we're gonna you didn't hear it yet and
also it's not in full-screen anymore
how do you how do we change these
options rich and you might we'll just
turn down your speaker and we have what
you're dealing with this da spot you're
what you're using is a DOS emulator run
so right right
okay al Don I need to login as a crew
member so I'm not saying I get it you
can picture from the game what you
should be seeing now is is the blue to
red bars okay hold on my first name
first name hack obviously oh Jesus heck
heck Johnson hack Johnson
how do we I'm like what we could name
our character after somebody in the chat
I've already named it hack all agree
it's too late ok it's too late but now
like my I want to I ruined everything
basically I just wanna let you know
basically I've ruined everything like
what you can you should you should have
had this ready to go at 6 p.m. Jack
absolutely got all ready to go and just
leave it there and absolutely so you
should done mmmmmm nope ok we're back to
the ok no glared so what you should do
I'm just telling you what you should
done ok special Oh special nice how do
we quit this game obviously all toosey
press ENTER to quit okay we're going to
do it now we're doing it so first thing
we have to do is rich needs to share my
monitor so he can see what's happening
yeah that would be helpful so we're
going to share we're going to start
sharing a screen with rich so you should
be seeing this at the screen right now I
see screen indeed seven of Borgnine
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it great name
great great name killer killer name
killer name indeed you guys are going to
see my desktop in a second give me a
second here oh okay I get it
hold on give me one second not we don't
we won't want a sub-region okay and then
we say obviously monitor capture and
position size fit to screen great great
and here we go okay oh no you're seeing
a super tiny technical things technical
things
oh that's weird cuz right now I'm seeing
it fullscreen yeah
but the the stream the chat is seeing it
in a tiny window I just clicked to the
chat window and I can see that yeah yeah
also space cadaver thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
alright hold on hold on we are going to
get this figured out speed action file
quit we are going to get this figured
right out you guys are seeing my lovely
desktop my Windows desktop actually um
go back and you can try all to enter try
and make it not fullscreen mmm I don't
know if dos box will freak out though
you could try that I had it in not
fullscreen for a little bit oh lordy all
to enter what does that oh that does it
okay great I cool alright we're going to
try this again monitor capture select
sub region select region just this box
but now it's gonna be super tiny for you
rich yeah well shit happens yes yes it
does you know what I could about you I
mean it might but were you know it
doesn't matter we're gonna okay so now
there we go now you guys do doot doot
doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot
there now you guys should see what we
see and actually you know what I can I
adjust what you see change Oh quiet Oh
quiet rich okay great what matters is
what you can see I want you to enjoy
this I want to share my love of a
classic that's your adventurous well
great
that's I mean you know I like I said
I've really loved that little bit of
text adventuring in the Frog fraction so
I think I'm going to enjoy this but rich
I need you hello yes can you hear me
yeah you need me to what I need you to
fill some time that's fine
while I go get a snack how much time do
you need me to fill Jack how about
taking us about a minute Lee about a 1
minute off uh uh and we're gonna get the
tap dancing again aren't we tap dancing
us from house is going to end uh new PC
is working great uh yeah dead air I love
it I I can't talk I know some people
were talking about the the VG ace and
what a what a pointless thing to watch a
fake award show so you can watch game
advertisements and that just sounds
wonderful you know somebody somebody
sent me a link to the the something that
happened in this VGA and I guess they
did a tribute to Ken and Roberta
Williams the people who actually made
Sierra games and that's that's charm and
it's it's it's nice seeing them now and
they gave them you know they gave them
an award and then and then I realized
the only reason they brought them out
there to give them a fake ward was that
somebody could advertise the King's
Quest remake that they have nothing to
do with and it just made me sad there's
a resist sad so we're making I don't
know the doing the other games
somebodies remake I don't know rebooting
is more accurate thing to say I guess
King's Quest I doubt it's gonna be an
adventure game it's probably probably to
turn into like a platformer or something
stupid I don't know sure the VGA is Jack
did you pay any attention to that shit
not even a little bit yeah and and we I
had some people ask me you know like
what our thoughts were on it and it was
just like oh we don't care we do our own
thing all the time
um that's my thoughts on that where why
would anybody watch this right who cares
its butt and by the way it's the exact I
feel the exact same way about stuff like
the Oscars and the Screen Actors Guild
Award it doesn't matter it's the thing
though those are actually legitimate
awards right no no I cuz because I don't
care about those awards like the BGA's
are less legitimate than the Grammys
yeah the everything none of that matters
as we mentioned all the time with people
like on asking us how we feel about
games it's like if you enjoyed that's
all that matters who cares about award
shows oh yeah I'm gonna press enter here
um here we go Space Quest okay I mean
you know what I am gonna just put in my
name my first name is Jack thanks fun
because I want to be immersed in this
okay I'll learn learn to save there
should be a button to quick save you're
gonna want to use that a lot you can you
can die f5 yeah save game can and
probably will die on which disk or in
which directory do you wish to save his
name just type in it yeah okay um save
game one like that yeah oh sure
Space Quest save game one oh you will
need up just hide like see okay okay
yeah yeah C :
spacey quest one she's gonna save into
whatever whatever whatever folder dust
boxes emulating Dawson will be C c : c :
/ whatever sure sure yeah
C cones
/ whatever see : / whatever okay there's
no directory name see : / whatever what
Oh God see : / okay great see : and by
the way I'm just saving this right - no
it's just a lot of the directory I just
wanted to think it just wanted see : /
it want it no I just wanted to know what
director you are ok I'm Hey I'll accept
turd Ferguson thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
ok great how would you like to describe
this saved game space quest
oh one great I'm about to save new game
great
we did it rich we saved the game oh wait
we're saved
can you even see in the plenty little
screen chances you know they're just
seeing the blown-up version yeah yeah I
uh I mean you know oh I can kind of see
I can kind of see Mike you know what my
question is is if I um now if I go
fullscreen
oh I can move left and right this isn't
a text adventure at all look at I'm
moving left and right I think I said
there's some movement involved it was
like interactive things you have to type
it like type look around oh yeah I can
do that so I type in it look around this
is one of the many hallways in the arc
in the Arcadia great ship look at door
you know you still do all of the the
text type commands sure you have just
locked I just walked in I mean that's
what I do
that's what I do I walk into things um
also for anyone asking like what I
thought of the Zelda footage we know no
more did you see the Zelda footage I was
looking for boobage I was trying to
figure out if Leykis folks if you had
roll the summer
hahahaha could see the character model
from the side I'm like looking at is
that maybe I was I was checking I was I
was I was eyeballing link sure right
sure yeah um all but also like game play
wise we know nothing still it's good
yeah it's gonna look pretty we don't
know what type of game is going to be it
doesn't matter it's it was it a part of
the hype machine I know more or less
hyped than I was okay rich we actually
like these Star Wars trailer yes well no
the Star Wars trailer is a little
different because we finally got visuals
all this is is the same visuals we had
before you know but rich we have just
stumbled into a small dark and very
cluttered utility closet many things
fall most of them landing on you doesn't
say much for your cleaning prowess well
then get out of there well what's in the
closet
I don't remember a lot of these puzzles
so I'm not I'm not actually not giving
you a hint I don't remember a lot um but
you take a like surge closet oh look
around search that does not compute did
you search closet
yeah tell what you're doing it - uh no
say what um okay okay well I just want
to look around you can't see anything in
here because it is dark uh turn on
lights Oh turn on light say what all
right
I don't think I can do anything in here
I don't think there's anything to do
with her okay first I want to get out of
here there we go
okay let's go this way let's see what
happens if we walk this way walking this
way
settle down everyone oh there's a dead
body other side of that wall on the
other side of that wall so I can't see
on the other side of this wall yet hope
I ran into a wall okay you you can see
the body though so oh yeah can I say
look at body oh no no I'm just I think I
think that's a hint that I need could be
it could be that I need to go there I
think like I said I don't remember a lot
of the puzzles in this first game it's
been admitted frog frog fractions I was
giving you hints left and right there's
some I'm less sure of a lot I don't
remember oh there's more dead bodies
rich in a broken door you think you hear
footsteps oh well I don't care oh oh oh
no so I died yeah the alien observes his
handiwork briefly then leaves so as you
lie on the floor and a smoldering carbon
gelatinous heap Carbon gelatinous heap
you can't help but wonder why you
bothered getting up this morning so then
that's it thank you for for thank you
for playing space quest to men you
failed miserably hands of the Syrians
you continue playing the skillful is
this you'll never have a chance for a
sequel better luck next time that is
great so then what so then what do I do
so I go to file restore right yeah file
restore again and then you'll be able to
pick out there you there we go so now
hey quick save is your friend quick save
is my friend also dick the birthday boy
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it and yes there goes the no
death run there goes oh what were we
doing a no death run we were I wasn't
telling you about it thank you because
we're not doing another throne okay you
know I'm in a room so look around that's
what you always do first this is this is
the Arcadia's data archive many volumes
of information are stored on data
cartridges there is a computer console
here look at console the console
consists of a screen keyboard and
cartridge slot a top it rests a module
DX cartridge retrieval unit so okay okay
put cartridge in unit you don't you
don't have a cartridge oh I need to pick
up cartridge
ah that can't be done right now went on
uh oh oh there's no cartridge on top no
I'm not I'm not telling you how to do
things the council consists of a screen
keyboard and cartridge slot a top
addressed a a module DX cartridge
retrieval unit ah cat oh damn what's
that uh Kato dare you mangry I think
that's how you're supposed to pronounce
that thank you for subscribing really
okay
oh there's a cartridge retrieval unit
activate DX I think they love the word
here is use you oh okay use DX oh okay
use cartridge retrieval console unit
what about console use console how would
you like to do that
what oh no I don't understand rich how
would I like to do what how would I like
to use the console but I want to I want
to retrieve a cartridge you have to give
me you have to give me a little hint
here because I don't know the rules I
don't know the play style oh hold on
help okay
turns the sound off sets your joystick
toggles are you oh that doesn't help
that doesn't help at all
that does not compute um you know you
might be spelling things wrong and that
could be also I think I think that might
be the problem
uh-huh hold on okay so what uh wait what
do I want to do again well well your
first priority is not to die well I'm
not gonna die in here so I just want to
use this computer yeah use console that
is correct that is currently down one
Israel hey jaws of Zadar thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it look at
console the council consists of a screen
keyboard and cartridge slot a top it
rests a module DX cartridge retrieval
unit okay so use cartridge retrieval
unit look at screen look at screen oh
okay here we go
no in somewhere to select a cartridge
enter the title below press ENTER to
quit title cartridge available with top
security clearance only oh well I should
have top security clearance don't you
think you're a janitor oh oh I'm a
janitor you're a space janitor oh my god
I didn't know then just let you start
off the game in the closet oh so we
don't know what any of these are called
well you know that meant that that could
just mean well this is something we'll
use later sure select a cartridge to
select the cartridge into the side okay
so so we don't know once we get a
cartridge title we'll be able to
probably use that ok can we come you
look look look at heart okay this is the
Arcadia's data archive many volumes of
information are stored on data
cartridges there is a computer console
here look college don't look at the chat
because they're going to spoil things
looking at the okay so I typed in look
at cartridges looking at the wall you
see shelves
of data cartridges which can only be
removed with the richer and only unit
okay that doesn't help all right you
know what if zelda 2 has taught us
anything i should look under this table
i'm pretty sure we're gonna have to come
back here later I don't think there's
anything you're doing wrong okay then
we're getting out of here
yeah I'm going through this door or not
there we go
if I hear footsteps I know to run away
also yeah I see dead bodies nothing much
I can do about that I'd love something
you can look at the bodies well I could
look at the body sure bud oh oh here's a
body oh look at body it appears to be
one of your crewmates he is
non-functional a search body you
searched the body of your crew mate and
find a keycard nice look at keycard
what oh did I did I write a guide oh
look at key card hit the tab button is
there a brother what button brings up
the menu in Space Quest one I didn't
remember you know oh it says oh well you
didn't pick up
ha what I have to pick it up the keycard
yep okay I take the keycard there we go
oh god oh man these games that's what I
see that's what I love rich is like the
logic is all there but you have to type
it out okay the keycard is a flat
rectangular piece of synthetic material
which is magnetically keyed for passing
check stations written in tiny letters
are the words beak and hinder security
systems okay great all right I'm going
to go in this little elevator thing here
all right we're gonna search these
bodies now because that's what you do in
video games you search bodies um
search body you search the body a body
reveals nothing okay let's go to this
one search body I don't know okay by the
way I need to get better at typing yeah
this is this is a thing for me okay that
my search for the body reveals nothing
what's in here oh the bridge oh my god
there's more bodies rich there's a key
that'll like repeat the last command you
typed out sure you search body over and
over I don't remember what it is though
something okay hold on I'm gonna search
these bodies and then I'm gonna look
around this is very exciting
okay here we go search body Oh Jack what
safe safe oh jesus not lappets up now
that something's coming up it's just
that it's a habit you gotta get into cuz
sure it's not you gotta like find that
fucking key card again and everything Oh
gotcha
okay I say it it's only that Keys f3 to
repeat a thing okay look around this is
the star generator development
laboratory due to your incredibly low
security clearance you have never been
allowed access to this room
great um that's it I mean I can't it
doesn't give me anything else to go off
of in here where'd it's a it's a
specific all it said is due to your
incredibly low security access you've
never been you've never had access to
this room before I look at look at
control panel look at look and control
panel
your mind is boggled in attempting to
understand the function of the various
buttons switches lights and displays it
appears the board is not operating
what's that thing in the scent of the
room try look at device to see what it
says oh generator look at generates a
generator right yeah yeah should I look
at generator look and generate or there
is no star generator here to look at Oh
the star generator is missing okay so
it's probably been stolen moving I guess
sure well then let's get out of here or
I'll just move over here what's this
thing can I look at panel your mind is
boggled okay the board is not operating
okay I need a generator oh come I need a
star generator rich is that is that a
screen on the back area is there a
screen you can look there just just out
of curiosity okay let's go back here and
I'm really not I'm really not hitting
there are a lot of things I don't
remember about the first base class at
this point sure look at screen oh
warning self-destruct mechanism has been
armed evacuate ship immediately this is
not just oh oh Jesus
okay getting out of here my guy can't
walk around guys he can't walk very fast
I tried oh also a chat I tried looting
the bodies and there was nothing in them
okay another one oh he needed that one
oh okay let's let's go look at this guy
okay doo doo doo doo doo look at body
this is another of your nan Fung all
right search body that's what we need to
do search body okay turns out nothing
here's a down elevator this takes us to
someplace new let's go in here
Oh whoo this looks like an important
place to be this looks like an
evacuation area rich it does it does
should I save Liam probably probably
here I'll search this body then I'll
saved search body your search of the
laser riddled corpse reveals nothing at
five Space Quest Oh three great eye
we're getting out here we're leaving
this we're leaving this hunk of ship ooh
this looks important okay look around
you are in the central control area of
the Arcadia the reactor domes pulsate
irregularly as if they had been tampered
with
this does not look good through the
window just above the control console
you can see down into the vehicle bay
below okay I can see into the vehicle
bay that's good right yeah cuz I want a
body search body never know what you're
gonna find Jack always hurts a body you
search the damaged body of your fellow
crewmen you get too close you get too
close a glimpse of the injury in the
pockets you find nothing oh I find
nothing so what's this uh what did look
around say what is this that I'm looking
at what's this that doesn't out look
around I'm in the central control area
of their Cady they were actor domes
pulsate irregularly yeah yeah so if
they've been tampered with does that not
this does not look good through the
window just above the control console
you can see down into the vehicle bay
below okay so you look at the bay and
you can look at the domes I guess on the
console by the window our two buttons
marked open bay door and closed bay door
I mean press open bay door
press open the door nice what did that
do nothing that opened the door sure
look at dome the domes cover access
tubes to the Arcadia's power plant they
are bolted closed since they seldom
require maintenance okay so they're
bolted close I can't do nothing um press
closed bay door
well can you still can you go to your
right further probably but I don't want
to have the bay door open in case okay
I'll go over there and gets blown out
into space wouldn't that be fun though
shit
search body your search of the corpse oh
here's something though this looks like
something I can press umm look around oh
okay no nothing in here but an elevator
alas it is not open
you have adorned you have adorned the
door with a small circle notice the door
oh my god that's so funny
um old Pete thank you for subscribing
I have adorned to the door with a small
circle of nose grease where were you
karl malden this could have gotten ugly
what is that a big nose he had a big
nose
karl malden okay is it next to the door
what does that as a keycard thing Andy I
said look around and it didn't say
anything look at wall oh I need to be
more specific you can be the walls are
all nondescript except for a keycard
unit near the elevator there you go
okay um in cert no use keycard you slide
the keycard into its slot you hear an
audible click
you take the keycard back I think I need
to open that bay door
I'll tell you what I'm gonna go back
here and open that bay door okay
we still haven't retrieved whatever the
cartridge thing that yet - oh my lord
and we are ready that room is probably
not there for no reason
sure sure press open bay door beep okay
great I open the bay door I'm probably
gonna get sucked out into space or blown
out into space right that's a safe save
before you walk in there okay you think
your subject what if your footsteps what
about my footsteps you hear them
oh no look the screen oh no getting out
of here getting out of here
elastance is not open what do you mean I
use my key card you use it again hold on
at five
slightly way oh my god okay just be
careful about saving now is you're in
danger now you know what you don't want
to get to a yo save right before you die
Oh Lord
you're right use key card you slut okay
I hear an audible click great okay got
out of it oh oh I'm in a new area okay
look around this is the flight prep room
of the Arcadia as you can see there is a
sign on the back wall as well as two
clothes closet doors and two button two
closet doors and two buttons look at
buttons there are no buttons here what
won't you buy the console two buttons
there's two buttons by the actual doors
oh I see okay sure this game I want you
to be standing next to things we
actually use sure yeah look at buttons
there are two buttons here a left button
and a right button okay okay
press left button OOP what's in there ah
look in closet it looks like an
electrical gadget of some sort
Oh gadget take
take item I don't understand huh take
ketchup they call it a gadget no take
gadget oopsies gadgety listen I know
take Oh get out of here
take GAD jet so look at dad
jet written on the electronic gadget are
the words dialect translator on one end
oh great dialect translator great press
whoopsy press right on Bhutan Oh a
spacesuit look in closet you see a
flight suit oh man put on flight suit
gets huge get suit nice oh I have a
flight suit on rich you know what I am a
ball and can I open door open door the
doors are controlled by the buttons you
must push the appropriate one
oh I so I have to go over here probably
okay the doors are open are you enjoying
this Jack I am enjoying this okay I grew
up on this game I can't go there what
don't you go wrong now well let me go
around it says warning the bay doors are
open oh I bet I have to go and close
those bay doors
ah uh-oh I think I think you just die if
you go in there without a space suit
suit sure shoot suit well there's you
see the lower part of the screen can you
reach the buttons from there just try it
oh look at but console there no buttons
here try look at console console you'll
need to get closer but I can't go around
walk all the way down I mean that
necessarily no I tried it here I'll walk
over here walk over right a bit now down
oh look at that okay okay I guess that
makes sense I tried getting there before
all right coming over coming over here
we go
look at calm soul boom the console is
adorned with many status indicators one
button on the right is marked air lock
press air lock
oh good I opened it up okay
see I know we're going to have to go
back well no of course we are well we
got a timer Jack yeah well there's
nothing I can do okay where am I
there I am oh I lost myself for a second
rich oh and yeah by the way yet for
those asking the chat yes we are playing
this on hard right now um right this is
great look at calm so oopsie look around
at console looking at the console you
see a button marked platform there is
also some gauges which don't interest
you okay look around great uh press
flush button yay there's nice an escape
pod but right but I shouldn't go in this
escape pod is what you're saying
ah well try it I mean I'm wondering if
it'll just prevent you hold on you know
what I see someone in the chat going
this that's the the grand lesson of life
in this game say good we have to go back
if we have to go back I got a feeling
you're gonna roundabouts at a time I
mean I'm definitely gonna run out of
time yeah one I'm going into the escape
pod enter escape a pod you cannot
perform that act from here okay you're
on the one side doors on the others oh I
see that look at that that's adorable
that's adorable
come here how do I get there
enter escapa pod ooh nice
look around you are sitting in the
pilot's seat of the escape pod facing
toward the window there is a dark
console before you and a seat belt strap
at your side confused as to what you
should do you wish you would have paid
more attention during crew orientation
put on seat belt done um press a button
you should specify which button you
would like to push the a button J I know
we need something very important from
that cartridge room we if we can leave
if we escape in this pod we won't be
able to finish the game okay if not
let's just do that I know this take off
seat belt done leave pod okay we're
going back we're going back we're going
back I know it so I know I need
something there Jacobin all right no
that's fine yeah we aren't we are saves
and things go wrong yeah okay this guy
moves very slowly also upsettingly
slowly here we go
Oh boom okay boop boop boop boop
all right we're going Oh get out of here
by oh I think I hear footsteps rich I'm
gonna die yeah no it's okay
is it that's okay I have all those save
spaces the save states okay so these are
bolted down I can't do anything with the
disks I need to go way back I know
there's not enough time you got ever I
see the chat we'll be fine we'll be
oh no I hear footsteps I'm getting a
chat I'm gonna get shot
I mean I've saved States I have a bunch
of save states you know if we fail was
eggs I told you to leave that console
room for later yeah so it's on me
if something goes wrong I think I hear
footsteps getting out of here okay
so where do I go up and into that room
on the right oppan I need to go you
think I need to go back into that room
yeah okay
all right here we go here we go roll up
video
bleep bleep all right here we go here we
go here we go here we go yeah don't walk
towards the sound okay well I don't know
which way toward the sound is chat
doesn't tell me it doesn't tell me well
like which direction the sound is coming
from okay we're back in the room rich
all right all right um look at console
oh the doors oh the doors open and a man
you recognized as one of the lab
scientists answers he appears to be
injured oh my god what Hawkman talked to
man after only a few steps he slumps
onto the floor
oh um talk to man oh you easy love doing
the other message on there let's have it
again tipping in his current condition
the man is not much of a
conversationalist
um search bondage I have some respect
for the dying oh no oh no it's on me
it's on me that's okay we'll go back to
an old safe state kaboom rich thank you
for saying thank you for playing okay so
we go to restore and I mean we shouldn't
we need to go back to like Space Quest -
yeah that's okay it's okay we know what
to do sort of go faster okay here we go
leaving this room everyone okay getting
out of here Killman search body
hmm all right getting out of here
getting out of here okay we'll go back
up rich you have forsaken us the chat
says I was like forsaking them what do I
do
you've killed us all rich oh well yeah
Evan it's gonna happen sooner or later
man we're gonna sighs lunch it's gonna
be fun
exactly yes everyone make sure to keep
track of how much I died because it will
happen a lot okay gets credit for that
one mmm so do I need to talk to the man
before he dies is that I don't know if
you can't talk to him before he dies all
right well let's let's go if I go over
here while I meet up with him oh good he
appears to be injured uh here in his
white talked to man Oh
Oh I need to let him die on the floor
after only a few footsteps he slumps to
the floor uh look man try that look at
man man a large laser hole has been
burned into his uniform through which
you can see previously unexposed tissue
struggling painfully he raises up one
elbow right now no look oh he's taste
talk hose up he looks over towards the
shells full of cartridges and utters the
words astral body and then settles to
the floor lifeless okay okay great
we know what we need to do then right
yeah yeah look screen look at screen
astral body searching title found
retrieving me see I was I was hoping I
just wouldn't let us get that far
without the cartridge but it did I was
hoping you would have to come back
because I knew we needed to get this so
like was the thing like we were supposed
to come back into the room we needed to
leave and come back yeah what was the
sacrament oh that's kind of lame but I
mean I guess that's just the thing you
learned okay so now what so now or take
whatever I mean it both board should
work done okay I have the cartridge okay
now we do exactly what we did before and
it's all my fault that we had to go back
and do this oh no oh no oh well then
there we go uh as you lined the floor
and smoldering yeah yeah well then get
out of here restore you know what I'm
gonna go back to I'm gonna go back to
space quest one really yeah okay cuz
then we're Chloe or even closer at Space
Quest that's fine that's fine okay okay
coming here so here we see all the stuff
we see this say look screen look at
screen okay alright now we'll leave this
room uh-huh
I didn't know what I did try to do I
tried to insert the cartridge oh so now
if we go back in the room we'll just
turn around and go right back into the
room that old man should should come in
right that's that's the idea or do I
need to go set the self-destruct first
well the self-destruct I think is
already set
is it oh oh he oh here's the old man
yeah he slumps look at man he raises up
one elbow yeah okay
he tells you the Arcadia is under attack
and that the star generator is in danger
you have better leave it if you value
your life you look over towards the
shells full of cartridges and and he
utters the word astral body okay okay
one no we have not set the self-destruct
yet um why don't I think I think it's
already set I think the aliens did that
okay
astral body searching title found
retrieving we've already done all this
mm-hmm okay now I got save yeah honestly
we need to get that cartridge in then
save you can speed up the game too
though I don't necessarily recommend
doing that well good yeah but countdown
is going on okay uh take Kurt true take
cartridge done got it now can I insert
the cartridge or the alien going to come
back in uh what's you trying to do the
last time look at console hold on the
console consists of a screen keyboard
and cartridge slot so now that I have a
cartridge I should put it in slot yeah
insert in swert in sort incidence in
smart cartridge into slot I don't
understand court Rajai a slot oh no nope
okay so by the way attempting to insert
the cartridge into the slot is what
kills us because once again an alien
suddenly came in and killed me okay
god damn it so I'm definitely not
supposed to do that save right before
grabbing the cartridge this time yeah
yeah okay we're going back to space
quest one because that seems to be the
quickest way ah
I didn't say first you're right you're
right you're right you guys you're right
and when you're right you're right and
you chat are always right I don't want
you to enjoy this Jack I am okay I am
doing this like it's still a ruin this
for you you know what it is rich these
games are a different pace
you know what keep going to the right
while we get that left why don't we get
that key card first - oh yeah
which one had the key card the one all
the way to the left we're gonna need
that yeah we are going to need that in
swert court rigidity or court Ruggiero
ball look at na here some surge good I
am a terrible typist okay I have a key
here now great
no good I take nope
god damn it here right uh-huh
you take the kicker okay now I have no
now guy dies and save guy dies well no I
can I can take the cartridge and then
save but don't insert the cartridge
that's important well there's got to be
a reason for that that insert thing
what do you mean the if you even can
insert a cartridge it's weird if you
don't have to use that you know yeah I
agree
where's the guy the door opens and a man
you recognize oh no he's been injured
wait can i grab man no do you want fried
um talk or no look at man yeah look at
man he raises up one elbow now we wait
he tells you the arcadia is under attack
and that the star generator is in danger
you have better leave it if you value
your life he looks over toward the
shells full of cartridges and utters the
words
astral body he then settles to the floor
lifeless okay do-do do-do I guess I'm
walking away come over here look at
screen astral body boom searching tired
of found retrieving yeah
yeah
okay so now what's the deal with with
one when we get the cartridge cuz I
believe it save it before you rapid then
we'll figure it out
absolutely okay use like that the new
save - yep save - yes great take cart
Ridge done I got done okay now one and
try insert cartridge the alien will come
in again well we have that safe right
there yes so in cert cart Ridge alien
comes in boom okay okay that's fine so
that's the nodding we're learning things
yeah okay getting out of here
restore space quiz - what happens if you
just leave go - though yeah laughter
right or the left okay I'm going to the
left as if it's normal doo doo doo doo
doo an alien sure didn't come up yeah
there's no alien here okay okay what
happens if you say look at cartridge
where's the savings in our good
instructions look at oh my lord
cart red shit you do not possess did you
not get it
did you not take it I took it no you did
not
oh because because we died because we
died and this is a safe thing
yeah well rich this is a such a
different game okay take this is such a
different game okay this is a data
storage cartridge on it are the words
astral body formation the untold story
okay so what do we do let's let's try
leaving let's see if we can let's see if
we can leave all right
we go walking out the door look at this
swag this guy's got swagger okay I can
leave I am leaving
money many points do we have we have
eight points okay okay
is that important is fun to keep track
okay
you can't miss points but sure it's not
a big deal
all right I'm gonna go back in now we
because of the savestates we have not
gone into the this area so we should go
in here do we do anything in here well
the first thing no we can we use that
cartridge in here maybe due to your
incredibly low security clearance you
have never been allowed access to this
room so this is the star generator
development laboratory I don't know look
at screen look at screen this can't be
done at that in this location
you're standing too far away oh my lord
it needs to tell me what's all around
here rich these incredibly detailed
graphics I can play the games like this
all day
okay now we're here at the self-destruct
mechanism okay this is not a test we
have 14 minutes until destruction okay
get out of here is basically I think
that's which is all we need to do yes
okay all right we're getting out of here
leave this guy walk so slow I'm sorry I
have the key card already I got the key
card before saving for anyone who's
asking oh I think I hear footsteps get
out of here I'm getting out of here okay
jeez is great I don't think anything was
on any of the bodies right no and all
the bodies were empty all right good and
and it's not like a randomized right
like all the bodies will remain empty
why don't you save it sure cuz with your
fear footsteps around here occasionally
just in case the guard doesn't walk in
okay same this is new save three okay
okay good
saved
okay so now we need to open the bay
doors that's what we do over here
I do do do-do-do do-do-do go over here
and we say press open bay door beep bay
doors open now right now we're playing
to win but there are lots of fun ways
you could die in this game oh sure I bet
that has fun is is in these old games
like half the fun was just the writing
right because they have to write your
every contingency
yes um insert key card great it worked
as we knew it would games like this
remind me a lot of or what I should say
is like a game wait wait wait real quick
Jack what are you doing now save it save
it save it or no three yeah three I say
three sure now just just open the
airlock
don't put the suit on or anything just
open the airlock we're guys fun look
look at console yeah what Mary you gotta
walk around oh Jesus Christ
yeah doo doo doo doo
um in any case like a game like the
Stanley parable is something very
similar to like a modern day adventure
game like this where were you know
you're playing the game and you're
you're more doing so you're more seeing
what the writers come up with look at
console um what see here
okay press air lock okay so now you want
me to go out there yes I do
I mean if that's gonna make you happy
rich I woke a okay dude dude to do
walking out dude did it to do
oh I just keep on Oh and oops forgot my
suit didn't read the thing oh sorry
what did it say it concludes your
experiment in something funny I don't
know Oh get out Oh mister yeah yeah okay
and I'm not a hundred percent I'm not a
hundred percent sure I think you can
like smash the escape pod into the
closed beta
I take suit ah press left button
what was the space for us 3 is great
chat but Jack has never played any of
them before I wanted him to start at one
absolutely
freeze a good reason one of my favorites
written oh no this is a dialect
translator right okay so now I have the
spacesuit on warning doo doo doo doo doo
doo to do oh yeah and by the way like
right before the stream we you know we
were figuring out what to do in rich
reminded me how much fun I had playing
text adventures so we got this at
gog.com Space Quest 1 2 & 3 are 5
dollars right now on Joe Giudice you can
go through these games yourself dirt
cheap dirty sheep great great absolutely
and you know right now I'm like police
quest 1 & 2 police question police quest
game were you the same style of game is
this exact same like graphical styles
even similar only you're a policeman
okay here we are look at console there
are words a platform press platform beep
hey there's an escape pod here great doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo de
doo
I think I'm doing Superman da da da
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do enter you
got you're gonna start with a little
preamble don't don't don't don't
da da da da da da da da da da da da da
da da da da the console will consist of
a screen upon status indicators a
throttle and some buttons the buttons
are marked Auto nav power and don't
touch okay what do you wait to see I
should say if you're right
giggles why not okay don't touch press
don't touch
oh wait what was the cult all right hold
on
look consul and don't touch okay so
press don't touch that has no effect now
okay okay press press power we probably
have to turn the power on first okay so
now press
it's your seatbelt on don't know I want
to press don't touch first right okay Oh
put seat belt on what put on seat belt
done great Oh press Auto Nav
okay look at console the console Oh a
throttle and some buttons so I should
press throttle or look at or use
throttle yeah that's good one
that's going to news throught toll how
do you spell throttle hold on use FRA is
it just one T how do you spell throttle
I'm not sure well I spelt it you'd you
could look at it again and see what it
says sure hold on look I'm council
throttle yeah I thought I spelled the
right th ro TT le use throttle that is
not currently one of my passions pull
try pull oh wait wait um pull throttle
oh here we go oh we're doing it Oh
flying in space the escape pod moves
slowly out of the vehicle Oh
congratulations you have narrowly
escaped an explosive death don't start
patting yourself on the back just yet
though you are now traveling aimlessly
through the cosmos look at screen look
at screen escape a pond of systems
activated
all systems are go great um okay uh turn
off throttle say what um hold on let's
save yeah save space questo v press
don't press in regards to you o waiting
oh the monitor yeah the chat is saying
jack is using an Xbox controller explain
the monitor flashes you study it to see
what new information is being displayed
oh look at matter o planet profile oh my
god what Corona atmosphere breathable
life civilization unknown temperature 40
degrees Celsius navigation system locked
in the auto nav system has locked onto a
small planet of Corona and the pod has
begun its approach nothing to do now but
hang on okay alright
exciting things are happening oh my god
we are traveling through space
oh we crashed you know what this could
use some sound effects just but it is
some are you getting any sound no no I'm
not getting any sound must be turned off
oh you have your son turned down because
it was too loud no the sounds on okay oh
you're getting sounds in general game
it's not for that yeah like it didn't it
didn't have a sound when it crashed
okay okay no well they were working with
like vacuum tubes Jack yeah we're trying
yeah no my sounds on for it okay okay
after a skull jarring landing you peer
through the shattered viewing port out
out onto the desert landscape a feeling
of utter desolation settles in you're in
a fine mess now jack oh Jesus all that
okay great okay alright um open pod door
the door has been permanently opened by
the impact of the landing great take off
seat seat belt done oh good thinking
jack yeah I'm totally up on him step out
of pod oh sure look
around pod that does not appear to be
here what oh just look around now no I
think I think we're done with the pod
now why I kind of remember there being
something under a seat look under shaved
on them there's nothing under the seat
million thinking of a different game
sure okay okay that's good
I shouldn't have done that look that
well now I just want to look under
everything under console nope okay leave
pod nope I'm out of the pod
all right look around you seem to be
located in the incredibly in an
incredibly remote area there is a
thrashed escape pod here look at pod
yeah
the pod seems to be semi destroyed
okay let's save space quest Oh six boom
boom heading left
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
to do to to do to do to do to do to do
to do Oh No ah you have just become a
vertical meal for the local welcoming
committee
okay then I'm glad I saved all right
let's double check them look around you
seem to be located an incredibly remote
area there's a thrash escape pod here
look and if there's a puzzle that I
remembered and it's horribly annoying
because there's not very much of a good
hint for it yeah
would you want me to tell you about it I
mean pottsy's semi destroyed you know
like I there I'm sure there's something
to do with the pot here right there is
but that's the best I don't remember
there being any hint in the game for
like when I was a kid I actually had to
call this see I actually had a 1-800
number yeah
to give you hints for the game if you're
stuck I had to call that number for this
he's okay well so what they've said is
it's semi destroyed right so if I say
look at destruction I think I spelled
destruction wrong how do you spell
destruction the chat saying I'm very
quiet
you're very have you gone quiet
according to the chat like a number of
people have said that oh also um thank
you for saying I have a nice ass okay
well hold on then you know we need to do
then stop the stream and start it over
again hooray
that's okay we've been in about an hour
anyway so come on take a break yes
okay I'm gonna make a single hot dog
again so I'm just gonna have a single
hot dog you're gonna have a single hot
dog okay well guys we're going to take a
little break rich is going to make a
single hot dog and and we'll be back in
a little bit and and I'm going to stop
the stream and started over again when
when we come back so hang out hang out
for a second