Star Trek Catan... THE BOARD GAME (Part 2)
November 26, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGOwgyR2Qbo

there oh that's a water for Jack yay
that was exciting game loves eat
Dinah's this it's the space nine-nine I
think I have a nine yeah great or is it
a nine
that's a 900 a the things that we're
missing
oh that's pretty exciting for you and
for me yes
so it's exciting for me too oh why are
you guys because I got to offer a
cardigan which means you have to train
with me come on I'm gonna take your red
one and I'm gonna take your red one too
please thank you one - do you have four
points I'm gonna build a right here two
points okay here's our did you find the
thing I finally found the score keeping
at it will let even show up on camera
knots not a lot flash it like here's the
score and you know that I'm trying to
see it okay great
you know what good enough you got you're
right you guys would let the cookie
breathe a little bit well I just think
it's a good visual
I have five now your five now yeah yeah
okay okay oh no I got so excited that I
found the app that keeps the score ten
oh my god - food for J yay
oh and that's to set all the tens okay
I'm gonna turn in these for a
development card mm-hmm thank you great
great oh oh it's a thing oh oh yeah
klompen Tango's asked a very important
question which is what kind of beer I'm
drinking it's a spot of gas to usual oh
and it's empty weird I should get
another one upgrade was
good we're all right I would have gone
for the one on the eighth that's gonna
guess stop sooner or later I don't think
so
Jada's your turn all right okay now I'm
drinking six declarative blonde
it looks really young I've never had one
of these before oh great
oh and rich gets to write and now you
have four of those wanted to trade them
for something else you could or you
could try to trade with other people
yeah six did we just have a six
okay so that's what are you drinking you
have a lot of I think that yesterday I
did it was just in the multi bagger you
know that's all right I think it needs a
glass I think it needs to breathe yeah
I'm going to play Starfleet intervenes
this thing off of that thing what do you
guys you know lots of that I want an
oxygen so I'm probably going to but also
like a food so I'm just saying between
you and Jake okay so
think I want an oxygen more so I'm going
to where are you you're right it's so
hard to remember like who's me okay well
I need to get recombobulator
I need to keep a headphone in my ear
sink in here what the fuck's in case
someone subscribes so I can hear them
I'm just going to answer that every no
man yelling oh they're asking me to do
what my cocaine impression which is
great what do we do when we both my god
it's a great something well I didn't
want the water so I mean I'm gonna make
you give me your oxygen using this card
Thanks what hey oh sorry what did I give
me my water oh so I'm never upgrade
OOP that's it I got six quick score
update Lisa's kicking our asses
we have me down for Jeff you have three
I 400 Lisa is still kicking our ass it's
Jackson look sorry I I'm distracted by
people chatting at us are they still
talking about Jurassic world no now
they're asking me to sing smashmouth in
my Michael Kane voice oh god okay you
probably not I think if you're gonna try
that you want to practice it first
before you do it yeah like practice in
the mirror with anyway you want to make
sure you've got that down yeah
absolutely
eight nice too damn rich you got some
bad looking back I know it's just a
little bit just Jay has a food Jay
yes are you interested in either an
oxygen or water and trade for your food
no I'm not okay great seven does anyone
have more than seven cards do you have
Oh Clem Fandango wants the hot shit
wants to move over to Lisa's shit come
on which ship does he have to go oh um
something touching an eight probably
know how about how about this one is
pretty lonely so we could use some
company
this there's a crumb yeah this is Clem
Fandango there's actually a crumb how
the Stars yes by the way you might not
be able to deal with away from the
camera so hold on I'll tweet a picture
you guys the chrome on the spaceship you
probably gonna get some water or some
oxygen I don't how mostly just to slow
you down these all these things you have
to do yeah yeah yeah check make sure
you're legit Oh
- Oh Clem fandango's ship it's an eight
he gets to drink some water now okay
okay the chromatic or they're craving
some water and exchange them for a
tritanium I'm gonna put a ship on there
okay
I'll be all right I've been through
worse okay this is kind of for dick if
we get one more the game is cheating
we're switching dice put a crumb on your
ship oh did you get another point okay
I'm gonna use my bird you know about the
draw Jurassic world hmm right
directed by nobody is it really some guy
that's what I should say directed by
some guy is it no but I mean it's nobody
I'd have to look him up I didn't
recognize the name oh okay that's weird
it's not like a usual Spielberg crony
like a Joe Johnston or something right
now do you think they give it just you
know at least someone who's done
something I mean maybe he's done
something but I didn't recognize name
the channel tell us I'm sure okay oh
okay
whoa I mean how's that well like it's
you I get a water water so so super
psyched about that I guess no it doesn't
do me a world of good
what you talking about you got water you
can build Starbase now yeah oh my god I
can build a Starbase
Jesus Christ you guys I have not been
paying attention no you have not
no I'm kind of constructed it in a hurry
they didn't have a lot of time are you
are you done I'm done now oh I get
another point oh I got another point
again in my point was I put another ship
down jack his only his only other
directing credit is safety not
guaranteed oh that was an okay movie I
wouldn't put my trust in a
billion-dollar franchise so the guy who
made safety not guaranteed but it was a
good movie
wait Jay you don't you only have two
points right oh that's right chefs have
nothing to do with points thank you by
the way optionally they're important
this is the biggest flaw of this set up
is because we anyone who has ever
watched Star Trek has only seen this
ship yeah so the ship isn't important
like when we're playing regular Catan
like I know it's just a road right oh
but you see a ship it seems more like a
bigger deal everyone's lives on the ship
the ship is the oh my god or something
no what you do there isn't one over
there yeah look at that you the food
trying to cheat Jay out of his food I
mean pretty I am shocked and offended
it's all good this is insane I'm
wonderful
wonderful all right there where's the
water
oops oh it's all that over here too bad
okay
he's making his way to that one oh I
don't know it was okay I'm using this
the Bopper the second time it's on
Twitter what's on Twitter people were
asking were my Twitter pick that I just
oh your crumb Nick I put it on three oh
that's the thing to read to read for
rich very rare too hard to handle
- go ahead all these things all of these
things okay good
Oh rich you should the cookie is there
for comedy people you should do
something with everyone's very concerned
about the good about Danny
it just makes you want to keep it then
we have anything else I can put there to
mess with you more than happy even cake
it's a little big elephant with a row it
up Phil Davis you bought the binding
advice it's still your turn jack because
if you wanted trade I kind of like don't
wanna risk of seven okay I will give you
a I'll just give you a red to blue just
give it to you for free or green yeah
all right I've chaining to keeper have
how do you I need to get rid of in that
day you know what I'll just risk the
Senate forget it alright well you know
it's gonna happen no seven nine yeah he
would have like three cards
wanna do that um terrible missus madness
this is space madness
a space badness I'm gonna give me
another point Jack yeah Oak Ridge gets
another point I'd be insane not to at
this point that was the one you sent
mine nine there 300
look at that it's working already you
get three straight games oh my god
premium thanks sweetie
what is it gold tritanium I mix things
I've obtained iam remember Avatar oh by
the way that's - Wow hey I think that's
the only - right I think so no you know
what there are blue things and they
dumped around it was the movie of the
century now nobody cares but he's still
making sequels
good for him yeah could you know what
good for him I guess yeah that was like
the biggest movie and nobody cares about
it anymore
yeah it was like a huge hit and then
it's not a movie that's gonna stand the
test of time I don't care anymore
expansion I can't imagine what
everybody's doing a 12o it's not as
happy about that I know it I have the
card that gives me special powers oh I
have a card that gives me special powers
ff7 is rolling nobody's roll the jaunty
upset well Nate don't we
time what do we got here I am looking
for an oxygen rich hazard oxygen rich
would you like a food or a dilithium for
your oxygen
originally this is uh this is gonna
sound strange I'll take a water you want
to build though I do I want I want to
develop my card
and so I'm hoping to trade you first
keep my water firm okay well you know
what
yeah prefer what's the beer I'll take
another loop i dial it okay great you
know what that's a good trick
okay so now I'm gonna trade this in
before a development card and I'm gonna
use my other development card which is
the Starfleet intervenes what I know and
here is oh my god wait that's a rule if
you knock it over it's gone from a
federal I would love to make that a rule
this rule
let's Jamie yeah what color are you blue
yeah give me a cookie crumb perfect all
right fine
that's 200 this is this is insane is
there another five somewhere I feel like
oh yeah but nobody gets anything yeah
I'm thinking no everybody everybody wait
whoa where we were eating for for me to
think this could take this could take a
while
good oh don't worry I have a cookie
you're taking tiny bites on a
deliberately tiny bites out of huh
does anybody else see cookie-cookie no
I'm good I'm gonna build at least two
rooms rich came that close to us okay do
you want to rub some cat on yourself to
neutral
I have longest road oh no no longest
supply route just as long supply route
that guy's rates two points that move
that moves rich to the lead Oh
mega scoring up day look at that Jesus
Christ you just need to win 10/10
enriches now it's 7:00 we're gonna we're
just gonna secure my rope oh great I'm
gonna put here but then I'm gonna use my
damn suet card so I can move it do you
want to keep yourself you know didn't
want to get rid of ready super car but
what is good here because I'm not deaf
oh you'd probably want the McCoy that's
someone I've been using where you get to
dig through development cards if it's
big three and take the one you want okay
you also need you can swap out one of
the resources for something else all
right all right
Jay it is now your turn okay some things
oh I get things two things and here's
the thing and there should be another
thing things there and I'm gonna put my
card again and I'm gonna take the
birthday boy you are the first person I
know I'm going to be in you're tearing
me apart Lisa max thank you does
anything good
well are you in last place yes okay this
you might like this one resource for the
poor one time on your turn after you the
production rules been resolved you may
look at the hand of resource cards of
one opponent who has
victory points in you and take one
resource card of your choice oh okay
that only good unless nurse Chapel okay
three oh that's super tritanium for rich
Wow
oh I'd also get some tritanium
and so does Jake yeah oh yes this is the
thing to do oh no I'm gonna take all of
the titanium all of it why why does this
monopoly card I will take all of the
triangles emotion from everybody when
you play the first company I'm gonna
choose any resource and I'll players
whew that's a bullshit card yeah thank
you great okay that was great that I
mean I know lots of titanium it's about
worse in Moorhead we're having drinks
hey rich have you seen too many cooks
yet no I have not seen too many good I
don't care - oh it's great yes it's
genuinely great it's not like just some
sort of like have you seen this latest
you know I'm taking your from the cat
video or something like that like it's
genuinely really a piece of filmmaking
yeah oh we gave me this is cutthroat yes
absolutely cut through yes when it comes
to board games all right right now no
one can see but she has you know as you
can see she has so many cards okay
oh and they all like it I'll send your
team right thanks okay I'm building a
outpost with everyone is treating you it
is composed of just tritanium and one
food everything else okay
she gives me a 3 to 1 trade my Bopper
nice she gets point two I get a point
there that was pretty funny
rich is still or you know technically
the leader because he had several points
first but yes nice 707 time all of this
drinking yes yeah you said all of it
everyone strike this mr. Barba rahi do
what we do mr. Barba redo thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
and I roll the 7 you know I would have
lost half of it anyway here we go if you
have more oh great so I can move the
Klingon ship which I will do and move it
to right Barberie do Barberie Barberie
to like didgeridoo possibly hot barbara
do right i don't know what that means
and I don't understand half of these
usernames this material material the
material wow I can read something the
material sheep thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I also also
seven so I get to just choose any
resource
of my choice what would you like I would
like two white
need this this I would like and you guys
have
I would like a oxygen
you got it
thank you
and then I'm going to use my starship if
Starfleet's intervenes card and try
stealing from you again because I'm
hoping for that but it was the red one
that's right taken open for that
tritanium did you get it I did that
twerp thank you for subscribing oh he's
a message board guy oh man twerk that
twerk
we appreciate your subscription okay so
then I can trade it in oxygen tritanium
dilithium and food for a Starbase you
really want you to eat that cookie
that's all anybody cares about right not
the game just just the good no is he
gonna take I'm not cookie are there are
there any snacks I can't eat yeah you
want do you want some free radio some
fish crackers again sure okay fish I
thought you're allergic to fish well
we're just shaped that way
that's the Jonas is a joke
that's the joke we also have pretzels do
we have fish crackers
okay of course we do okay great
oh I get another point that is my turn 9
who got one out okay I got red here's
the nine I get two ribs and I get two
weeks and you get away you're gonna read
the resin two green red and then Jake
Jake it's a green yeah yeah that's right
give me a goddamn know when I get a food
your your child sighs oh okay I'm so I'm
thinking Thanks I got I got a base rich
or older nine do you have anything on I
I don't think I give you anything
so it's too late now no wait are you
sure you that stuff for a nine a nine is
right now did you need to give me your
green back to really that's the 6-2 rich
yeah yeah I get up - it's just a ridge
some fish crackers
there's no Klingon ship on the Tama this
is beautiful
okay I get three cartons a good two
Watters and Watters Jake yeah what would
you say is your least favorite David
Lynch movie have we talked about this
before
um I don't know we have least favorite
that was a question from the chat and I
thought it an interesting question
because I know you like David Lynch I do
oh boy that's hurt
I mean there's something like a straight
story which is so different from his
other stuff that's a good movie in its
own right as far as like David Lynch
movies that I think of this be very
David Lynch II may be Lost Highway okay
I do yeah you is that your least
favorite just because it's not so David
Lynch year no it is very David Lynch II
there's something like straight story
which isn't so I don't I don't think of
it in the same way I think of something
like Bluebell that or no other movies I
love at heart as far as the day the very
David Lynch II David Lynch movies maybe
Lost Highway no but I still like it
quite okay that's it funny I I don't
know I don't know I like a mole they're
all great they're all great is it my
turn
that's how did you roll yet
I know no wait did you four year old did
you roll that night oh yeah I did okay
it's urgent
oh I lost track of the David Lynch
question he's got thinking about David
Lynch right okay 10 is a food for Jay
hey and up here that's a want a double
water fried clam you're getting that
water good job Clara chrome gets the
water good job oh thank Robin because of
Clem I can upgrade to a starbase thank
you sir alright that's another point for
me that Jack but another point oh you
got me referred for it now for me
release oh god never okay development
occurs oh wait did you know
you don't not I thought it would be
funny I'm sorry okay I'm done okay here
we go
six yes
oh why are you already counting on
winning we'll see okay
I'm upgrading I'm gonna playing star
bases and because why not its delay the
inevitable
oh it is oh yeah
okay we took it to that dark place
okay okay yeah we did we just need a
Mario Kart stream so I don't know how I
want to play Smash Brothers tonight I
mean I want to play smash bros but maybe
not on the streets and there's another
bud this is a floor I've been really
enjoying Smash Brothers yeah super I
mean it's great if you enjoy if you
enjoy the Smash Brothers series I have
never played smash Berlin will turn off
this hammer we're just playing
well just play it is because it's really
great you could place the dog and the
duck from duck hunt
really and you kick people and it's
great that sounds wonderful
you put you get to play did you ever
play um animal crossing no a very very
strange game to explain now okay well
one of your moves in Smash Brothers as
the villager from Animal Crossing is you
plant a tree I got then you have to
press another button on boats old water
the tree so it grows into a tree then
you have to press another button combo
to chop down the tree and if the tree
falls on someone it did not it knocks
them back okay and it's very sad it's
hard to do but it's very sad
Jake did you know under the skin was a
an adaptation from a book no I didn't
know that actually someone who's just
saying they just watched it and we're a
little disappointed because they read
the book first
first of all duh I can't imagine that
being a book yeah it's like pure cinema
yeah I can't imagine that being written
Oh interesting any any time the book is
gonna be better than the movie yeah
pretty much
there are there are a few exceptions
that make the rule yes but 99% time yeah
the movie it's it's pure atmosphere and
in filmmaking like I can't imagine that
being a book the soap bizarre so they do
a good job yeah that's a great movie
that's nice
you know what I don't think it really
matters if I
oh there's teams a very different
something movie the book is up
why are you winning I just win oh I win
you win I win well yeah I think it was
the crumb yeah that was absolutely it
what's his name
something Clinton Clinton Fandango good
job Clem you the crook you know your
clam
thanks for deserting my ship he made the
right call you did he absolutely made
the right career hi chat we're gonna
take a little break and we're gonna take
a little break and run a commercial and
we'll be back with something
