Rambo: Last Blood - Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now
December 3, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70cVuOLEM4k

guys we're gonna play rainbow last one
more important how many people the chat
have actually heard of this I don't know
let us know if you if you know what this
is apparently this is a game that I told
Jay about a long time ago and I don't
remember you didn't tell me about it you
posted it on Facebook okay back when you
still let a Facebook account right and
back when I had a Facebook account but
you have no memory I have no there's no
absolutely no evidence that this ever
happened right right right but Jay
really wants to play a Rambo a lot I
wanted to play it again it's fun also
before we get going again Richard Edlund
45th Richard Edlund 45th son we saw your
face cut poster oh yeah it's great
so very good for that um whose just that
oh that's mine you can don't think that
poems are some no exaggeration you Pro
that's a very important part of the game
being able to hear hey sup solidus 5
make thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it ok ok we go guys it
did people say like have they heard this
before um back with Facebook it's a
little known ramble game this is a
really great ok all right um no they're
not saying okay maybe nobody's hurt okay
Google Rambo last blood it's great all
right here we go I love that image right
there the whole thing the whole thing is
great
it's been no no that's that's the first
level okay stream is updated to ramble
last blood with Rambo s1 welcome John
Rambo you are dead this is a mighty war
here you are eligible for membership and
there's plenty of Lobster and wipes for
everyone you must make amends with the
ghosts of those you have slain perhaps
with a mighty hug soaps the souls you
make peace with we'll join you for
lobster vests the rest will go somewhere
else
okay probably he'll uh this is so great
it is a joke game though or like once
you've done it yeah it's like I get it
anything but I think people already
knows is a joke yeah okay so there's my
guy I'm gonna hug him rip off my shirt
fuck nice I love his cheek turns red yes
whoo Rambo yes watch grandma blushes
when he hugs I just love his a tiny
stick like oh here he comes
mmm but look up he ignores me when I
look at him so you gotta look away but
you also want to make sure you're near
when he lands listen listen choir so
much skill ha oh good you can know yeah
there's cheeks
yeah you can't miss them you can miss
the hug yeah I mean you just don't get
him and then he just goes to hell
apparently oh that's great Jay yes um
the guy who made the poster is actually
Ireland's good friend Mark Smith oh okay
creator of space cop 64 yeah okay it's
cool
he made the poster
all right oh and by the way no this is
not on Rich's new computer this is on
Jack's old washed-up dual booted
computer yeah I got it I love the blush
I just love look at his tiny stick legs
yeah that's exactly how you make a good
rental yes absolutely
okay so which one of these looks like oh
yeah we got Robocop
Jesse Ventura Viggo I don't know what
that one is what see no one there what
is that I don't know oh well whatever it
is very obvious which one is the
commando oh oh maybe is it Full Metal
Jacket maybe oh that's him
fuck him hug hug nice L Hawkeye wants to
as a good question so why are we
watching a big people hug because this
game is awesome yeah this is my favorite
section of the game okay are they
hearing audio yeah they're hearing again
so there's there's a pottery wheel and a
stereo oh that's the song from Rambo
okay what else do we got here stand by
me uh-huh
and then we got the song for ghosts Oh
what if there's more let me keep playing
oh there is there's more songs what's
the next one
cuz this well this is blue velvet okay
nothing okay so blue Velvets the last
one okay so we won we want some ghosts
whatever that's called Unchained Melody
oh there is yeah waves on his way up
yeah oh this is the Ghostbusters one we
have to look up the number again ask the
chat if they know the ghost bus okay
yeah the 555 number in ghostbusters for
the Ghostbusters headquarters what what
is the the last four digits like a and I
just turned up the game audio for anyone
interested in case oh oh oh no sorry I
clicked away from it
oh no you go okay right
is this what people are seeing though
this is very important there we go okay
there we go all right
that kinda so so what are the what are
the four digits chat 2 3 6 8 2 3 6 8 up
to 3 is 8
okay oh no they ruined it with a game
net ah good his arms are the funniest
though it comes straight out there like
tubes as the driving dad yes or no not
since Azam I know tube says just behind
the wheel the car to get him another
fake animal oh you missed one Jay oh I
did no I did there's the age nut lit up
did that last time is it - and I had the
L and the yes
oh that you know what I bet there's a
secret it's a secret one oh yes there's
one I saw it like there's a puzzle that
you just walked past and nothing
happened yeah okay maybe there's one
there okay now I'm thinking of the the
you think of Tralee and so yes yes
that's what I'm thinking of yo
Oh Barry are in Valhalla with the UH the
Red Lobster side
oh yeah look and there's a space missing
uh-huh okay so there's a missing one
somewhere hmm
do you want to play again fight it maybe
another whole game but I'll go to that
one screen where there's not there if
people don't mind watching this again
yeah see make a space bar J oh I can
shoot you do shoot I should I show us
gonna shoot the bus the bus
yeah now stop the bus the gun anymore
no you did
I wonder cuz yeah you go to that screen
where there's no guy like nothing
happens there must be some sort of trick
to it I wonder if there's a secret
ending getting them all come true ending
like if you get yeah they were now we
got to sit through this again that's
okay you can do it oh no that's my
favorite part the nice noise this is the
one with the guy that floats down right
yeah there is okay don't look at him
ready look at why look at that oh yeah
he's shy he puts his hands off his eyes
just like a boom not a boo
like from The Simpsons sure enough an
Arg and then he comes back with a
t-shirt why does he tell the need to rip
his shirt off before though this is a
manly house it's epic
sure okay oh no this is the one with the
UH pick one yeah okay I gotta paint into
here
which is Japanese the middle that's
right you did it
did you do it nice noise okay I think
the next screen is the one where nothing
happens okay I bet it's something in the
water
yeah item can you look down you can't
you can't do anything but luck okay your
reflection oh oh oh here we go yeah
secret hug alright well now we gotta
continue right yeah you have to I know
the rest of them no oh you're right it's
a poo not a boom for what absolute sense
of course it's a fool poop
did you say a boy I said Abu Abu is the
monkey from Aladdin yes and Abu is a
ghost in Mario Oh like a boo eh boo um I
I got confused mostly they don't look so
I cannot tell you the last ever episode
of Cynthia wet monkey might be a clue to
you might get I don't know right
I don't know Oh sir can pee you're late
you're you're late motherfucker I
already built the computer okay I need
the Ghostbusters number again oh let's
grow up two three six eight two three
six eight okay what do people think of
this for the comments a mix of confusion
and excitement as any good art should be
okay
well I know I can do this one this one's
easy sure
ah you can't miss the hug if you don't
hit the spacebar at the right time he'll
back off yeah I didn't know at first I
didn't know I was supposed to do
anything yeah okay okay oh we should
have all them now yes yes we got all of
them let's see if anything different
happens uh you rip your shirt off did
you do that before
I probably I don't think so oh really
yeah by the way I'm Mario Mario yes this
is a speed room all right so we get
something different here oh is this like
is that old rainbows it's like a 2001
this is dad no grandpa I think it's like
a 2001 thing where he seen himself as an
altar
oh yeah
there's a baby rainbow that's it oh crap
2001 reference hey you did a J now the
question is do we need one more time and
see what happens if we don't hug any of
them we can okay we can the answer is
yes all right let's do it
show oh god oh my god what's happening
over there okay I played doctor Mario
god this is Rambo last blood it's a
gimmick joke game I've been I play twice
now but now I've seen what happens he
dies area fire boss he goes heaven and
he has to hog all the people he killed
you know what am i that bad well
drinking wine yeah uh that Malbec which
Malbec there's only one ball bag yeah we
can get more Malbec
when did he open there's only one ball
back that's the one I opened up all
right I'm not gonna hug any of these
people yeah show them what it's like to
miss a hug okay
so I'm not gonna here we go yeah I'm not
gonna hug him miss it no no no I missed
oh oh oh he comes back I missed him oh
no kids like sigh okay the lineup so
high I can't even reach it so I missed
that guy I'm gonna miss this guy you
want some bye
I think of to go to hell yeah they're
going to hell now because I'm not
hugging them I'm not gonna hug you know
don't hog a yellow it's a ramble cake is
a sweet new computer you got I'll put
together yeah oh yeah so you're supposed
to have even work you're supposed to hug
those people you killed work first thing
it was run out it won't let me
is this a result of your Darth Vader oh
no it froze oh I gotta pick somebody
I'll just pick this guy up so I think
the wrong guy because uh if you do then
you get to go to the lobster fest in
heaven in heaven in Valhalla we're gonna
see what happens if you don't hug anyone
yeah oh yeah I've hugged all of them Oh
hug hug Viggo oh it doesn't even like
okay can you just walk faster do you
have to miss I think you have to miss
him sure so I'll miss him again yeah Oh
miss him although actually when I failed
them I didn't go to lobster fest well
you got a personal lobster fest okay
okay just walk past this one hey Scheck
shekels for frogs thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
alright I'll hit the wrong number for
frogs that's his screen name I bet you
know I bet something funny happens if
you put another famous five by five
number I'm just looking awesome oh this
is gonna be the hardest one no use the
hook the next generation of zoom before
I never looked at it up close before
it's not even is now is old yeah
there's new there's new hotter better
the h6 you can individually control okay
XLR channel here we go really hi anybody
record into their own individual audio
file does this have XLR inputs yeah two
on the back their XLR and quarter-inch
oh oh it's like a combination yeah Oh
neat and so but the other in them it
records two inputs to one audio file the
H the h6n records for audio tracks as
four separate audio files super hot
oh I'm just at the table by myself as I
was hoping for something more exciting
but they're different music there's no
music no it's just dead silence now I
guess that's it who is sir gimpy sir
gimpy was our very first moderator and
he's still our moderator but he is our
first moderator so he I often refer to
him as our one and only moderator even
though it's completely false in this one
yeah oh man it doesn't leave the screen
no doctor you get out that's a fail
again that's not as exciting as I was
hoping for but that's okay um alright
perfect strangers okay should we do the
perfect hole hold on everybody we're
gonna now play the perfect stranger game
okay I'll do one run of that and then if
you guys want to okay how's that song I
have you ever played it of course I
played out I want to say no I linked you
to that one as well possibly I know all
the reason okay type it in the Google's
nothing's gonna stop me now calm okay
hold on now we have to readjust oh no
where is it try some no where's babe our
oh oh yeah okay there oh oh no it's
gonna start oh wait you have to type
something in first so it's okay okay
yeah now this is kind of adjusted a
little bit here oh it's loading use my
mouse pretty excited ever seen this what
is it it's the perfect strangers game
wait I have an idea I played this I've
won it before you fly you fly and fly
yeah
listen we'll talk about playing don't
shit your pants what does that is that a
game that is a game people have
mentioned it before there's a game
called don't shoot your pants and
apparently you have to not show your
pants like in real life well you're easy
I play that game every day and I always
win wait until you become grandpa Jay
no don't it'd be so easy oh god that's
that's crazy I'm saying are you right oh
yeah hold on adjusting higher that's
pretty good
no oh what happened oh no stupid windows
it goes big automatically ah there
that's that's good enough okay don't
stop me no okay I know these Trojans
that's not the perfect strangers team so
I'm less Queen huh that's not the
perfect strangers theme so I know I just
know I had first oh we have to enter a
dream what's our dream Oh
what is our dream Jay to be a pony you
know you're chasing your dream this is
more important than something weird and
make it in the big city the city
Bartholomew's okay be successful in the
big city wait exclamation oh you can't
do that
oh all right so our dreams be successful
in a big city and nothing's gonna stop
me now that's true yes and we are all of
these games are in browser names yes
yeah okay here we go this intro you
gotta get all the stars you wrote over
the Sheep - the Sheep can anyone
remember we're about people are talking
us is from me post don't know why yes it
just said a really good fiction how did
it yeah I I knew that anyway okay the
fictional family now when he gets to the
chorus that's when he starts line yeah
here he comes
yeah oh no I got this one
shit I miss - okay I'm doing I only
missed one which means it in completely
nothing's gonna stop I missed I missed
one star that great thing so it is a
great theme song remember when new TV
shows had theme songs did you get your
dream I missed one so probably not
completely I think you have to get all
the stars
this is showing how many I got om has
two stars damn it
I miss to you may hardly miss to so save
another trike to get all this art it
usually it says up fuck Oh someone just
subscribed okay I did it well enough to
do the dance of joy oh that's good
for bill hunt thank you for subscribing
then you then you accomplished your
dream if you don't well I'm ninety six
percent so it's spelt wrong to be
successful in the big sittin OH
it spells it right it smells it wrong so
I didn't quite accomplish the goal but
ninety six percent is pretty good that's
good yeah I think you can do better
do you want me to go again or someone
else wanna try and do it again you
should do it again want to update the
string just know I just did writing this
variable just do better just do this
oops oh no we're playing it right now
beat red letter media that was someone
else's dream okay here we go again
okay we're still trying to be successful
in the big city you know it certain you
might be right friends friends did ruin
the theme song but yeah I would agree
with it but also that wasn't really a
few song that was an already existing
song I wasn't yeah so they didn't make
that song just for friends
are they good Susan well that yeah they
either practice the last notable one
with the theme song oh yeah I mean
nothing is always the big it was he
doing okay this is a part when I fuck up
when I'm flying okay successful anything
CG
yeah I got this shit
Oh again I missed one Oh keep fuckin oh
I missed one yeah
I take back my clapping there's almost
there I know just this one I missed one
oh that's upsetting damn it there's no
one yeah so what do you give you pride
of the dance I just look at the dance of
joy I'm sure okay see a better tree we
need a better dream no we do the dance
of joy
oh this is what passed were acceptable
entertainment in the late eighties early
nineties okay there I'm subscribing
because you're doing so bad and
nothing's gonna stop me now
okay so ninety-eight percent to be
successful in she big city ah that's
pretty good it's very good alright if
you undo it one more try
I'll do it one more try my favorite
you gotta accomplish your dream yeah I
can't quit now nothing's gonna stop me
now you know okay well there build a
better PC than rich what someone else's
dream haha that's a fun drink Oh someone
who got 0% wants to fuck the pain away
okay and I don't think someone who got
0% wants to watch Mike play doctor Mario
oh yeah you guys are very good at
chasing your dreams now
so sick of this theme song by now I'm
sure or they want to hear it again on
repeat I do it's a great theme song it
isn't 100% every single person will
unsubscribe okay say oh my god that's
what they're saying that's a lot of
pressure that I don't care about
everything rides on using
there's Becky's girl run
day they're emotionally invested now
they should be I have to chase my dream
sir - what the fuck I think I did it
blue oh please blue wings 23 thank you
for subscribing
even though Jacobs fucking help no I did
it you guys did it not I've been pretty
sure I chased my dream mm-hmm well you
know Jay chases dream because you
subscribe that's right 23 thank you very
much it's all because of you that I've
made it this far thanks everybody
oh thanks for the moral support here it
is Oh gonna happen what's going to
happen - we're just gonna do the dance
of joy again what we did it I know why
they should give you something different
you get dance of joy should really be
reserved for waking if you make a dream
yeah 100%
cousin you did it your perseverance has
paid off yeah you did it
all right um does anyone else want to
chase their dream if you don't get it
does it tell you how how did he say
ridiculous don't be is don't be
ridiculous
that was his kursi ridiculous yeah yeah
yeah he didn't say the word ridiculous
weird he just said I was as catchphrases
don't be ridiculous okay do you look
into don't you your pants ah
I leave that up T's I write are you Fred
front fractions isn't bad either
I've seen people recommend that their
front freshest I I'm giving richest
skeptical look all right you could take
over then I would geez isolate my game
here Rick you notice you should I should
yes it's time to retire ice later retire
I played before you played it before
okay rich is watching the job oh god oh
my god let's have some something Fred
there's ghosts ghosts this place is full
of ghosts and goblins frog of fractions
front fractions frog boy factions or
fraction structures it's like a man
teaches you fractions with front already
uninterested
oh it's it's