Octodad: Dadliest Catch (Part 2)
September 24, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFXgCvKbXCw

all right oh crap
hey guys I messed up messed up already
we haven't even I forgot to switch it
back to the game where the game doh you
know I told Jessi about OctoDad
she's not here
oh she's what was her missing out her
excuse was chores and I call bullshit on
that oh yeah you heard back for even
yeah okay well no when we talked when we
talked to her the other day okay are we
on yeah yeah we're last I heard her she
said she might show up later we saw Jay
and Jack have not talked about the AVGN
movie yet but we will Jay, Jay wants to get a
few beers in him first I don't know I
we were Jack and I were talking during
the break like I don't even think I can
talk about anything substantial while
trying to play this Oh God you
too focused you know when you guys want
to talk about I'll take over or
something okay we'll play something else
or something or you know what maybe we
won't talk about it we'll see what
happens see this is gonna get built up
to a point where twitch is burning it's
getting too built up with it isn't a big
deal it's you know what it's fine so I'm
trying to find my other family yeah you
have to go well yes I supposed to bring
my daughter with me no no okay you're
you I went through a door I just
realized I wanna hear him make his
little noises oh I don't hear just turn
up
okay there we go my headphones did Santa
here's a little squishy noiseless what
am I supposed to go I had to go through
an elevator mr. ghost or that leads to a
different exhibit maybe that one Amazon
arcade try to go through that door maybe
yeah there you go
Oh Jack when are we going to get rich Evans 
baby shirts and RLM bobbleheads
I've told Jessi about both of those
ideas it is her job to delegate you I'm
happening oh you have seven prizes to
scarlet top it update Thanks give your
wife there your wife wants to talk your
wife is upset so give her things
basically yes see him play the arcade
games yeah as octodad
give her prizes because that's what you
do when women are upset you give them
things that's exactly how it works
if you just keep giving them more and
more things and I just feel that guys
basketball and then they never forgive
you no you you haven't given them
enough things rich if you give them
enough things they do forgive you I
haven't gotten to that point but now I
keep smacking her don't smack her with
the prize Oh am I supposed to do here
pull the snake try walking away from it
while you pull it maybe I think you have
to pull it the anaconda conversation oh my
god I wish I had a different camera
angle for this this is kind of annoying
yeah Jay would you say that your
anaconda does or doesn't want some
I'm sorry was that a reference to Nicki
Minaj it was damn it was her he's the
one that originated that song right yeah
what was that I was just seeing some
sort of interview with with there we go
yeah and someone asked her about the
Nicki Minaj song and he's like I don't
care yeah she can do what she wants she
did her own thing with the song he got
paid he doesn't care sure
Oh Jay don't smack her with it this I'll
try not to go to the hospital somehow
you already gave her that oh that's one
I already gave her she put it down
because you're just giving her shit
while she's trying to talk to you this
is just nagging
Oh Show_Jack_Taboo_Jay nice name welcome
thank you for subscribing
may the Gees just got in what did I miss
you missed everything you missed some of
the most fun that Jack and Jay have had today
but you know what you didn't miss you didn't
miss anybody talking about the video game
I think that's all all they're worried about
really not anything it's really not a
big deal but right now the important
thing to know is that Octodad is amazing
yes it gets the RLM seal of approval absolutely 100%
why does the pizza roll icon look like
Minnesota that's a good question why
does why doesn't it a sorta look like a
pizza roll icon that's a better question
question when they were drawing the
boundary lines
Vespucci americano was eating pizza
rolls
that's what was before they were called
pizza rolls damn it
so I'm gonna go back over to my wife and
she's still gonna be nagging right oh yeah
absolutely
this is this has been going on for she's
a wife all right one more one more
you could do this jay
she has every right to be pissed yeah I think
so yeahyou fuck up the house every day she just
she often she's cleaning and fixing
things you break you smack your kids all
the time and probably her don't smack
her don't smack her oh I can answer that
question only because I heard Mike
answer it in a different interview which
is what is the origin of the pizza rolls
in RLM folklore according to Mike in an
interview that I read a while back he
thought it would be funny
I believe even more accurately he was working
on one of the Plinkett reviews and he
just happened to be making some pizza
rolls while he was working on it and he
worked it in yes he stopped to have
pizza rolls while making the review and
he worked it in it was a non sequitur
joke and it has become legacy
much like many oh my god i keep smacking her
stop smacking here
I'm just so excited to give her
this take this take it take it take it
take the prize see you this is there we
go what do you 
somebody is saying there's a tie in the machine
Oh what machine 
oh no like a whack-a-mole
oh you have to do to the whack a mole
whack an eel
this is gonna be tough
what's the RLM crew's thoughts on the dollars trilogy
I love the dollars trilogy
A Fistful of Dollars is like my go to Western
I like a Fistful of Dollars 
and then I would go good bad the ugly yeah 
and then for a few dollars oh
you know what I don't want to see the
dollars trilogy well this is great
I'm sure Oh God you can do it Jake you
can do it could I do it nope do it again
oh fuck get him oh no this is I have so
much difficulty controlling my heart
movements like I don't quite have the
coordination to get it to be one more
one more
no you guys start over fuck can do this
yeah just kind of hover over and that's
how I try to do but then I move my arm
wrong that one got three oh one more it
just needs one more fuck see this is
when I get excited and I screw up I mean
dude do it at your own pace Jake oh we
did it oh my god which are you planning
on having Jillian jessalyn or Wiz on any
best of the worst or half in the bags
anytime soon
why are you asking me you're in charge
I'm in charge
yeah tomorrow they're all on tomorrow
actually
I've always one of Mario Mario just
asked a really great question which is
why does he says hey guys I'm not sure
you noticed but a lot of our LM
merchandise has been in the scene during
shots lately and probably wondering why
so much because it's lying around here
that's actually kind of true I ain't see
I would think it's because their quality
made products well that's you know but
that's half of the bag best of the worst
glasses fear you have to worry about
like copyright will hose on a glass
behind your bars and we know we're fine
yes yes that's the real answer I was
thinking of a funny area here I'm not
gonna do this one anymore I wanna play
basketball okay
oh oh or that thing you're gonna climb
on that thing drift rapper I think you
only need seven I think more than seven
games yeah I got just gonna do one more
are you your SK did you did you get your
ass kicked and just keep on Rocky
thanks Q those people your hard rock
skeeball simply guitar yeah that I
wasn't doing very good at oh you're
thinking of the product placement scene
and way to a blonde John Peel oh that
isn't my intro bunny yeah he said it
made me think of the product placement
sequence at Wayne's World 2 wrong
correcting him unless there is a product
placement sequence in winter now there's
the famous product placement sequence is
it yes although a very very similar
scene was in return of the killer
tomatoes first real yes Jay are you
trying to play basketball for real you
know you have a long octopus arm oh
Jesus Christ I still can't do it you
know can you can you climb up on the
machine you can just get in there and
sheep oh fuck
hold on no I can't move my feet right
now
not when I'm moving my hands right well
oh there we get up there yeah
you got it got it Jackie loan no do not
commit seppuku whatever that is
we all make these mistakes don't worry
about it what happened Archana some
commit seppuku no because John kilo
called it Wayne's World 2 instead of one
oh well yeah okay go ahead no John Kela
we like you oh I did it never right I
thought I'd ran out of time and vodka
gimlet says I hope you feel good
shutting down one of your fans oh I just
took that guy's ball don't stop stealing
his shit Jane I'm not doing on purpose I
just don't know how to walk properly oh
there we go
yay
she came up with the Plinkett drawing who
sent that to us again I forget the guys
name the original drawing the one that no
Bill Mudron yeah Bill Mudron He was a
fan and he gave us an excuse oh wait you
guys take this image and use it for five
or six I've given her six what else toy
Gettys 187 yeah if they give her oh
seven I thought it was just six nope hey
one more game Jay you can do it okay
what do you think of Stanley Kubrick's
dr. Strangelove oh it's great hey I'm
sorry don't ask me questions right now I
know I know
hey one oh fuck I don't know what's
going on with this thing
there we go maybe points oh you gotta
knock apples off yeah you need to hit 20
oh geez
Jesus Christ is new in that one yeah
hey you're not gonna do it but that's
fine you're gonna do fine next okay just
actually it's Jay playing but somebody
said Jack's doing the acht real grossest
dance nice yeah why does my yeah why do
a lot of this
why does my hands keep coming on for the
controller I don't know I'm so hidden
anyone is there anything again yeah
are you kidding I'm not hitting any
buttons okay as I would say when I was a
kid the games just cheating it's true
Jay this game is I think this whole game
is just GD are you are you happy that
tell me why soon my soul is going to be
named samurai cop - uh I don't know what
to think about that to me it kind of not
like it before I kind of thought maybe
they're gonna try and just make like a
fun action the sequel but that kind of
makes me think that it's going in here's
my directors here's I have two thoughts
this form I'm always glad to see Tommy
Wiseau alright so myself yeah I'm always
glad to see Tommy Wiseau but it means
they're trying to make a bad movie ad
that's funny that means they're gonna
fail right yeah that's my concern but
we'll see we'll see what happens okay I
hate this game oh you're gonna try to
drift rapper again now and try this
thing yeah I don't even know what this
is I I have not seen predestination oh
my god this camera angle sucks
stop doing that there we go
what am I supposed to do yeah I Drive it
in can you get the raindrops from the
slot to the underground what that's the
name that's how the gripped rapper works
it's Plinko yeah I can't even get up
there well you need to get your other
leg on the platform I think how do I do
that
yeah right now you're doing the splits I
suppose it's possible to even crawl in
there it's bigger now you can reach it
I'm growing a little frustrated at this
game you can do it do it we believe is
there a different game you can play I
always go back to skee-ball skee-ball
her I keep going as he ball or Oh Erica
yeah the problem one you get twisted
around like this is I don't even know
which leg is which sometimes yeah I
guess again do it do it Jay do it get
there oh you got this you got this you
go oh yeah no no yep oh no that's close
try this one
no I don't like this one I got this on
my first try Klein after that
congratu-fucking-lations it's my
crowning achievement in life well there
you go
what are you excited about Metal Gear
Fault Solid five at all no the answer is
no but I thought you loved cutscenes
I like cutscenes but I don't like a
series that mistakes convoluted nonsense
for having a deep Internet the story but
keither southern rulings in it I don't
care really if I were a fan of the
series I would be annoyed that they were
changing the voice for absolutely no
good reason I think I'm over this game
yep maybe it's just I hate this this
just hate this I do at this game
nonsense I don't like but you hate the
next section
really yeah yeah I liked that like doing
everyday you know chores and that kind
of stuff yeah it's fun yeah this is just
getting frustrating in a not fun way I
think they worried that the short thing
would get over I don't think I would
have okay I don't think so either
I think that's Wow he's crying
that makes me happy so the next one's
kind of weird
yeah yeah you say that as if the game
hasn't been
stop smacking your wife oh the tank has
sprung a leak
honey you try to fix that instead yes
exactly like getting rid of Stephen
Russell
fuck yeah what the voice of dirt
okay what do I have to do spring uh
probably stick your tentacle in there
plug the leaking ting where is it
leaking the throat right there oh that's
okay that looks like it was inside
though yeah sure okay oh you did it oh
no
fuck me look oh oh that's clever thanks
woody that bed got an official that's
clever business club that's yeah that's
ringing a bank I would love to plug the
hole I'm trying to plug the hole
oh god damn it Mike my guess is there's
gonna be seven leagues I think so hello
and you this is a it has to be a quick
one because when you're swimming in the
water it looks like you're an octopus
yeah yeah you're doing it you're doing
it you're doing it you got caught I'm
gonna do it again
what oh yeah eating I think I'm done
with this game what oh oh it was a
museum but now it's getting just
frustrating that's alright that's that's
why Jay can play for rich can play for
a little bit you know one of you one of
you guys all right here do this
nah oh like a champ James like a fucking
champ no Octomom jokes have been made
that's true yeah because we're a
classier they've already is Octomom the
joke no I think I think people are
hurting our dog don't have anyway yeah
use a joke based on that is that what
it's based on I'm sure yeah because it
has nothing to do with having no I'm
assuming that's why it's called act okay
not because it's an octopus in your dad
oh come on there we go you could have
called it a lot of things Sheriff XCOM
were FTL X don't know both our arrays
FTL FTL is amazing no don't get all
later buddy stepped over that guy's face
alright now I gotta find that other kid
you can do it Jay kiss smack them that
might be it but deep dark sea that's the
one you did this world area world of
kelp Oh God oh my god I'm so sorry
oh my god
world of kelp sounds about right
I think that's the nice yeah nope oh
well you already in there I don't see
I'm looking at the street that's right
that's right Jill what am I supposed to
do
you're supposed to do edutainment things
next come to the bureau Declassified
that's all I'm saying about that but I
don't like things just because they say
X come that's that's not really an ex
con game that's a third-person shooter
that causal so can I stop game what is
the globe game what am i doing what am I
supposed to do with it I don't know
I wanna do something with it I think I
have to hit the the buttons on it as
your spins
you gotta get the green thing I I have
no idea what this globe game is and
absolutely no idea what I'm so so the
gravity globe and try spinning it I was
sort of doing okay and then you have to
grab that green flashing one okay
okay now the red one oh come back to me
come back to me little red pants which I
don't like
I like plenty of things there it is
I love thief one and two and that's it
those are the two games I like I was
like an invisible ink like Lego the
classic Mario games like a lot of things
like do purple suppose I don't like a
lot of things that other people tend to
light but that's that's just lazy like
they didn't they heard Mass Effect game
none of them anymore
the older ones are ruined please stop
asking me about that horrible nightmare
yep
oh god am I supposed to follow them in
there I don't think whoa I'm sure at
some point we will be playing more next
time
as far as my opinions on beef 3 I just I
just can't get into it any time I hit a
loading zone I just want to throw up and
the levels are all tiny
they tried I guess I guess it got made
and that's good but what awesome I have
combined spawn okay I did it I did well
now you need see how you have like blue
spores in this one now you need more
blue spores and in each of those Oh God
or or you know throw them all over the
place that's it that worked yeah
mr. horn - or star control - master of
rain - is one of my favorite games ever
so Master of Orion
- oh wait try putting a green one in
there
it's just tours of the Oh God sorry I
just don't think it's - I look over here
like this one has before can go fuck
itself with a rusty stick oh Jesus
Christ rich I've watched videos of our
line out of curiosity and it looks awful
just awful
why am i oh okay I didn't something you
so you have to you do have to combine
ones of different colors okay no come on
leg come on leg one more time there we
go
just one more time grab the top of the
kilt
okay what grab the top of the cap what
why grab what where I don't know the top
of what killed I hate this I want to
welcome a key adventurer in the grocery
store
this is stupid yeah this is oh maybe
it's that fan thing oh there we go is
that the top of the kilt
I guess I did grab a vote on the rent
part I grabbed it huh the red part they
go yeah we did it yeah I missed the
grocery store - this game jumped the
shark like right away
oh my Jesus Christ
you're having fun not anymore
yeah I'm having fun watching maybe maybe
it's funny to watch it's more
frustrating and not fun before it was
kind of frustrating but it was funny you
gotta get out of there
am I supposed to get out here yeah oh
yeah these stupid Lake like these games
it's that way that looks like a quiz the
slider to find out slide to reveal the
answer this is really drunk dad
simulator but it kind of is what am i
doing yeah you just have to slide it
across the whole thing to reveal the
dancer you slid it across yeah so like
just hear it you need to put it here
ahead oh I see
hey this help isn't going to learn
itself that's funny
this is the thing about this game is
just walking around is so amusing
that you don't really need anything else
yeah well Kobey's worrying that silly
man suit what are you talking about he's
a man nothing there's nothing silly
about that that might have been a Donnie
Darko reference oh okay
I like that Liz six over five being an
octopus is just a metaphor for being a
deadbeat dad it's fine those kids yes
he's a fine guy yes they cook burgers
for them what is he possibly doing bad
at this someone is asking if we will
sign their cap and probably the answer
is no because rich is really alert so
they're just trying to kill me now yeah
don't mail us your cat just point that
out you know some jackass is gonna bail
a giant envelope for that that's gonna
happen you just gave them that idea no
no because of you they're gonna do it
yeah you should not have said anything
they wouldn't have thought of anything
so devious Oh
shames basically a slide show ah that's
why we have to bring in my computer yeah
fraktur dad yeah and that's okay oh my
geez is Christ
is this like the last level I don't know
we're not going now I'd say you're more
than halfway through oh my god I mean do
we try to finish Octodad that's that's
doable it's doable yeah I just kicked
that lady in the face and by the way
that only gets you slightly suspicious
is that funny like like that dad kicked
me in the face yeah I guess Oh God
Podcast what is this basically what this
is so kind of what this is wait we
didn't I did come up with a name for it
though oh yeah
the should I say sure the fraud cast
yeah yeah nice nice rich you got this
Jake you got this get that other leg
moves this is a case where I don't know
which leg is which huh slowly yes this
section is nasty it's probably the most
difficult section
oh really yeah yeah hey rich what do you
think of the portal series well for this
one fartole makes me laugh
is that supposed to yeah the portal oh
it's for a little comedy thing I might
be thinking of something else some you
might be thinking a postal know I know
postal portal where you you you have a
teleporter gun
let's move is it a passive-aggressive AI
that's trying to kill you yeah okay yeah
it's good or oh no there's this oh god
damn it I'm done I'm done with this shit
that's gonna keep kicking that lady
every time we walk past no don't kick
the lady anymore
one more try then I'll take over her ass
one more try you got this Octodad you
had me and now you've lost me oh oh
nope whoa
although in all fairness it is just
because I'm horrible at coordinating
controls in a game like this yeah but
that's what the game is portal is funny
but it's not a comedy I disagree but
it's an adventurer slash comedy but yeah
comedy is a huge element it's it's a
different it's a non comedy first but no
I mean the comedy runs throughout the
entire game though that's pretty
prominent for sure but it's I mean like
you said an adventure comedy yeah or an
action comedy right it would not be
classified as a comedy first it
absolutely has comedic elements that
that make its personality without its
comedic on it there you go
they are everyone I'm done with Octodad
that's okay Jay like that gave it your
best I have not played Master of Orion
three just because of all the terrible
horrible reviews of God but I came up
and I didn't see any point don't kick
the lady
I'm not Jay I'm not gonna kick it away
okay I will kick that lady every time I
walk past her whoa
how to do just hang it out there like
more like octo done yeah that's right
whoa get up there there leg oh okay
nope okay all right oh there's a fan
we're doing this the suckers well Wow
look at that
oh it's like a checkpoint you got you
got that far in that now we can get the
fan oh okay okay Louie okay whoa whoa
whoa whoa
where's my other leg that sword I kept
having like it felt like one of the legs
wasn't working and I'm sure it's just me
fucking up the controls
so if you notice by the way the feet
would glow a little bit when you press
on them oh yeah that helps no I got to
figure out which is which okay get there
get there get there get there
yeah I hate this section of the game
okay we got this we got this well the
thing that was cute about the first
couple levels is how grounded in in
reality they were I are the most part
great completely yeah well then the next
person I think that I think it's the
next particle flashback okay you don't
want to do it I just want to stand up
for a little bit we do that there we go
I don't take a deep breath I don't know
if you fell back down but I'm the scream
area you're I think you're pretty close
no oh yeah I'm not here
I made it oh you made oh yeah yeah we
the guy who keeps asking me about the
thief and missions I've played some of
them but I mean it's been so long I
couldn't remember the names but I know
there are a lot of good thief ambitions
all of its like there's like hundreds
I'm pretty sure people still make
missions for those games this is fun
music - oh yeah the music's cute oh I
need to have a hard time with my wife
again I mean you guys just give her
presents again this time no I think I
want to talk to her for real Z and be
like honey
it's time to have a you have to have a
real moment yeah you know it's got to
get with your octopus husband get real
yo what I'm down with the kids and the
lingo I'm a hip person guys I'm not true
but that's fat you know you know with pH
pretty hot and tempted dealio whoa okay
excuse me bucket oh god boots on
okay if any of the our Olympians still
watch cartoons how do you mean by
cartoons exactly yeah I like Pixar
movies I didn't see most of the recent
ones cuz they look lame but I would
probably stop to watch alone II yeah I
know
both rich and I really enjoy the new
Ninja Turtles that are out oh yeah
because we into Turtles fucking great
the second season though well they
started doing you know Monster of the
Week for the kids yeah wait wait it's
just like news is everywhere now there's
monsters oh oh no I'm an octopus again
you don't fuck down yeah yeah I'll tell
your family the bad news that is
depressing can you imagine a weird large
man coming up to you and say I'm sorry
lady your husband's an octopus and I
kill them like and I threw him in a tank
oh my god Oh class bad guys the carpet
you know him probably take me a shower
oh so there's no way around him okay oh
it's weirder it's beer it's weirder now
that we don't have the suit up I'll tell
you yeah yeah I feel strange about this
this is this is dr. dad origins
come on let go
fucking octopus oh so you're sliding
around yeah yeah hey where'd my coffee
go let's first cartoon though for
cartoons go I think The Venture Brothers
is my very favorite show currently on TV
I've never seen an episode of it but
that show was amazing
yeah oh fuck it out well we've come a
long way from the Calico conversation
about pirates boom deck still on TV but
it takes them so fucking long to make a
seasons they go like two years other
seasons you'll see the site every day
okay now wait I need my one number one
Denmark
oh you're in IHS I see I see
yeah they just sort of slowly calls that
so he's gonna bad just like running like
up top you can actually fucking around
okay
yeah whatever works except I don't think
this work cuz uh oh I was probably
supposed to go okay I'll just get caught
again
all right we got this fine everything's
fine
oh I get it yeah there's this plank up
here
hey why's that oh my god Oh
oh yeah I love Alfred Hitchcock um
probably psycho I don't think it's a
best movie but it's my personal favorite
I don't really like frenzy which is a
later what it is though not a lot of
people seem to talk about but there's
something there's some really great
sequences in that movie I haven't seen
many of seeing that I've seen psycho and
I've seen the birds yeah yeah that's it
yeah I should see more I'm not I haven't
avoided Jeff I rewatched vertigo
recently and man that is a gorgeous
movie
so one of those ones that's like
consistently in the running for best
movie of all time for goers it is right
now because Citizen Kane was the best
movie of all time for the longest time
we can't remember the publication or
whatever that does the pulling for that
but a couple years ago vertigo overtook
Citizen Kane which I don't know if I
agree with I mean whatever they're both
great movies but look I like Citizen
Kane working Jack I know you love if you
ever seen vertigo Jack I don't know if I
have seen as good as lock with my
tentacle no oh fuck you bananas a Cuban
campus
I don't remember specifically how you
get by here jack I'm sure I have to find
a co you know what there was a guy
standing over here I bet it there's a
key on
right now a good thing I would have some
football by the way - no the answer's no
I'm over here
whoa whoa whoa Citizen Kane I'm fine
with I get it I understand Citizen Kane
that I just you know it's just so you
probably think vertigo was boring too
though if you think Citizen Kane is
maybe he's you know in solder movies
they're placed differently they really
are they really are some religious nut
was shitting on me because I called
predator slow and they thought I was
making fun of brother and they thought I
was being mean about pretty love how can
love printers ain't like because it has
a slow build-up to the reveal of good
yeah predator and all that trick I mean
listen I sometimes people just
understand me if I describe a movies
boring sometimes I don't mean that as a
bad thing right right I like slow-moving
movies boring time slow can work yeah I
I still say that predator was the lesser
of the 1980s sci-fi action / horror
genre - what aliens converging aliens
heard - Terminator Robocop fucking
bananas Total Recall all those science
fiction action once a slicer essays on
power
I'm not saying terrible just just so now
it thinks here no you think you're a guy
we both well I'm I don't know if I need
this number one dad mug but I'm I'm
gonna keep it with me well zero they
don't think I want octopus they just
think I'm clumsy as fuck okay I gotta
get to the control room now on the wall
Bob mind me what we've come a long way
from
nope oh no daddy's my number-one dad
Barnes fine please fucking hell late so
I can swap I lost it in the hall I lost
my number one down my own piss down
Ilyana is from the seventies rich go
back to you describe your job right yeah
overly literal here know you've been
sailing we said alien so aliens is
eighty eighties no I mean willing to
expand that to 1978
yeah sure bet that era that's two years
out of the eighties go fuck yourself
that day
top of the deck okay thanks one place
the anchor
like oh shit shit what what do you
dismantling this thing what does it
apparently get back on there J what are
your thoughts a high anxiety oh the
number yeah yeah I I haven't seen it in
a long time but I don't remember
thinking it was very good it was totally
- it was Hitchcock yeah actually the
last time I saw it I probably wasn't
very familiar with Hitchcock I probably
saw in high school so I'd have to
rewatch it now eh I think I broke the
game what are you doing what are you
doing it why are you doing bad I have
this thing and I think that's to crank
up the uh I have to hoist the anchor but
it fell off the thing was her can you
just grab the anchor and pull it up look
all that trenches grabbing the chain
will let you do that
oh yeah now try and pull it up oh wait
can also grab that harpoon thing oh
there you go
you almost got it there you go cuz
that's a thing you can just pick up an
anchor
all right get to the control room excuse
me I'm just a worker here excuse me
pardon me just working my way here who's
Mel Oh Oh the chef oh that's that guy
it's the story element yeah box strong
octopus you know yeah all muscle muscle
one thing I know about octopuses octopi
I can like the pea
if it's one thing I know about octo-pete
there's the chef it's on that yeah oh
yeah he's there listen Bridge we've been
there for like two minutes looking at
the street doo-doo-doo-doo-doo unbind me
just to get in there like this bed by
the way
oh wait that's a marine biologist or
whatever is in there and he shouldn't go
in there
but you have to go with it right oh my
god oh you're doing what I do it's all I
need to get into the cabin but there's a
dude blocking the path as as their
entrance on the other side of the cabin
I was sure I don't know you could you
you saw your squid tentacle went through
the door
yeah but I might be a door the other
side I'm not sure what I think I'm
supposed to guess oh my god smack that
guy again
I hope you did no opinion on the Silent
Hill series because I really just
typically don't play Horrors
huh don't go on the outside of the ship
is that what you learned in sailor
school yep come on rich why are you a
living joke are you fucking asshole I
think both of those are good questions
are you trying to make your a bond I'm
an octopus hey check how you're trying
to get over that yeah I think that's the
room you gotta go in no not this one no
this the wand over here you can't grab
it
oh wait why did you get rid of it I
think you need it
Chinese that sudden-like hoist yourself
up oh wait
sort of this is English
look at what happens if I just move my
arm up girl what the hell I kind of flow
that's creepy yeah
so I think I'm gonna glitch I think
that's how you do move your feet
these guys also sing I have no idea how
to do this use the the orc don't think
he that's it's you've got to be able to
pick it up for a reason
No
I don't think that's true
yeah I think you have to go in on that
other side okay cuz he saw your little
tentacle go through the door so you're
able to squeeze it through the door and
open the handle Oh can't go back down
down is easy I can do down
me okay okay okay okay okay okay
the other thing is I really need to go
to the bathroom not the octopus me in
real life and so this has no off the
bowl this game has now some barreling go
get the captain okay I come in the
window just stick your tentacle through
the door and open the knob I can you can
hold on well now I can't cuz I can't get
in the fucking step get there okay I
just just watching this happen look at
what is the what is the look at the
objective saying and just calm company
captain so I'm assuming you need to find
a new suit bar captain hat or some such
okay see that would be the no just
killing you
that just kills me like make messes you
need to find like a hat a captain hat
Jack I gave you bad advice shave fucked
up excuse me did you try going in that
door right hold in the box I think I
need him to say you get the captain
first and then I go in there now it just
says get to the controller right like
thank you like is there another door you
can go in yes I think I think I found
the other door need to go I need to go
to the bathroom is risen y'all ready to
take over while you go to the fab no I
want a complete oh here we go now he
said no I got it
oh yeah okay so yeah that's all off the
boat oh how we go back over here excuse
me Oh
our mute this is just pay we got are
your room it looks like a nice for hey
look if there's Hamptons outfit that
wins it's the suit it's the suit it's
the captain sipping and he immediately
comes in this is what started it all
apparently okay yeah now the door is
open all right okay
okay so now I feel comfortable going to
the bathroom okay here okay I'm gonna
take over while Jack jails are the bat
oh my god all these fucking boxes I know
I know don't they realize that even if
they don't realize you're an octopus do
you also think you look like the captain
is this just the weirdest coincidence
ever that would be a pretty big
coincidence that the captain just
happened to look like an octopus or
maybe the captain is an other octopus
that's pretending to be a you miss oh my
god oh don't fall off the boat I'm not
going to oh there's our tricky though oh
my god stairs are tricky
oh my god
Oh God Jack's gonna come back from the
bathroom and I haven't even gotten up
the stairs
holy Lord come on no seriously oh my god
you got it yeah okay okay
no there no doing it wrong you hitting
the railing go I know I know what I'm
supposed to do are you okay okay
Oh what oh oh damn it there we go
oh goodness start the boat captain hurry
shove everything off that I can do I
don't think you can do it no I asked him
for seconds and he threw a pineapple at
me
well I asked him for pineapples then he
kicked me in the stomach okay that way
oh no I'm stuck under the map oh there
we go oh you know scarred the boat
there we go
and we start the engine I was probably a
lever one of those - - I'm suing cruise
control and was oh you just something
briefly I'm guessing I gotta switch
hopeful oh my god
oh no oh no you started Flair its
optimum
that's Octomom she's on the ship do I
have to go find her room who is that
woman is she that's your objective all
right so this is a love story
no where was she at she's right in the
front onto the show oh no everything's
everything's okay this fucking boxes in
my way though
my head is stuck on the railing because
of this box there we go
I didn't see that did you guys see the
horrible King Kong remake with Jack
Black
I have not you know how do we know it's
worse there's a decent movie buried in
it somewhere
it's like like current Peter Jackson
it's just way too goddamn long how do I
get up to that lady
I don't know fight way fight way meet
lady
do it I get up the stairs quicker this
time oh god Jack you missed it well
maybe I didn't they spend most the time
you're in the bath muscles I'm here in
the bathroom house trying to get up the
stairs oh that's great yeah
getting up these stairs legitimately no
no no yeah I want to say that was the
the final stage of the prototype version
of this game climbing stairs yeah it's
tough
walk through that door no walk there one
of the other doors the other side I
don't I don't know you don't know I
don't know I guess been a while oh okay
like I think I played this when it came
out wish now you can't climb those
things try it
what's sorry I'm sure now I'm here again
go in that room I went in that room and
could you open any of the doors you're
on the bathroom the door was closed
before Oh what's in here do I need
anything
yes you definitely did that can yep now
we have to look through lockers for
Queens before ski oh the banana peels
are everywhere what's in that door yeah
is that door open or I'll frame out if I
ever stop tripping up in an appeals oh
okay no not that one okay those are it
back in the captain's left sugar get
back in there he's got to find a way to
the front of the ship yeah that's where
the lady is oh go back to the cabin
where back to the back to the piloting
area that's where I was there whoa
and what's up the other door with a
piloting here they go easy peasy no this
is I know this this is there's no way to
get across up here yes I'm looking again
I know we missed something obvious go
back up to the piloting area
maybe up stacked crates could you
imagine and then what's out the other
door of the pile in here could you get
up to the front and through that way
that's the real question
stairs where oh oh yeah all that time
and I could've just gone through here
you a piloting area what does he would
you call it thick the birthday boy the
captain does anyone wanna take over cuz
I hate this Jack you wanna go out or
should I take over okay
I've grown to hate this I'll smash the
crates somehow all I think I remember
how to do this I think you have to fuck
around way to go okay with the ship
controls you have to smash those boxes
Cantus climb on okay I don't think so no
I can do this I think you gotta like
turn up hard to port and then a thing
swings around oh sure like I'd let us
figure it out on our own but we got to
keep the stream moving yeah it's moving
Louie I hate this people recording that
now I'm corrupted oh that looks like
something I can get
crane override here's me yeah the wheel
yeah yeah fuckin did it an accident
no I did that on purpose let me take
that flare out of here just just to be
safe there we go
I saved the day yeah beer use me excuse
me oh my god I got this this game is a
funny gimmick that shouldn't be a
complete game ball to be fair it's my
opinion it's really short though it's
supposed to be that's it that's actually
what it's supposed to wait where's this
even the night I think it's too long but
I'm sorry really well now we're both in
trouble who are you then in blur aphasia
you wait so does she no he's not
oh my god
I talked to the chef
before it about you captain dance the
captain's jig to a chick I supposed to
do Oh God
but can you tie a sheepshank knot and
I'll tie a sheepshank knot I don't see
the time not yep I got my lord oh my god
there's no way he found me out what does
she check that could I yeah I know I'm
not sure make sure this is pretty sure
not though right
oh hey my guess sure
okay alright oh we're gonna hit him with
an oar hey whatever you think we'll do
it
no him no that's not where you could all
kick your ass then you won't get me in
the future right everybody I've told you
I can't do this get out I'm gonna kick
your ass
I was hitting him with her or I can move
giant boxes look you're strong enough to
lift an anchor out of water but you're
not strong enough to knock out a chef at
all that's that's just the reality of
the situation video game logic and
that's fine okay I got this
Oh
yeah
so now he's dead right no oh he's gonna
come home later we already know that
this is a flashback but he fell in the
ocean during a storm no that was a close
one
I hope that man is okay all right all
right so what about you mystery man this
is funny and she married this man would
you care for a dance
oh I get to dance with her
probably probably why is the ship's
swimming away from the boat just get
back on the boat and you know tell
everyone that there's an octopus and a
captain's baby's going to look for a
better boat yeah you're probably right
he's like the that boat sucks they
knocked me off of it I'm gonna find a
different boat I wanted to dance -
stupid Judith er you guys we did it we
did it oh oh yeah it's not go that was a
flashback I forgot that was a fun guy
