Teleglitch - (Part 2)
October 15, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mxSR-PDN44

let me just say I I will say it the out
of the opposite end of that the best not
day but the best shoot ever I'm gonna
say is still even though I mentioned it
is one of the worst shooting days the
entire shoot of the recovered was
probably the maybe it's a thing we're
late cuz I've always heard this like
when you're shooting a horror movie like
behind the scenes people are laughing
and joking more and you're shooting
comedy behind the scenes is usually more
stressful and intense and I think that's
the case with me too because the
recovered was we had a I I think I
laughed more making that movie that I
have during anything else we've done it
was long days but they weren't stressful
so that was yeah I guess the key is to
make depressing to our horror films
because then you like more fun behind
the scenes yeah it was just like a super
I mean it helps that 9sv is one person
walking around a house but yeah but
there's not lots of complicated things
having it but no is just a super easy
movie to shoot and except for the fact
that the days were long because we
didn't have you know too many shoot days
but that's a good counter that's a good
counters Mary Jo I've heard that before
too from other people that shooting
serious possibly violent horror movies
there's usually a lighter mood behind
the scenes and there is trying to shoot
comedy sure because comedy is hard yes
it's tricky to get get right it requires
more focus and thought maybe not thought
I'm gonna say focus cuz it takes thought
to do horror to of course
I it does is he as mean bleep and space
cop
yes someone was asking for he asked me
and believe the stories earlier I might
well I guess because Pamela Anderson I'm
Baywatch right I remember when I was the
music manager when I was the manager of
my college radio station as we've talked
about here in the past I got and the one
of the records I was sent was called the
devotion of Yasmine Bleeth
okay because when she was on celebrity
jeopardy one of her the question was
like what is Devo short for short for
okay the band Devo yeah
what is that short for and she said Devo
Lucien okay not de-evolution devolution
devolution and they gave it to her what
yeah yeah well in is Devo actually short
for something the band the evolution
that is what Devo is short for yes I
don't even know that oh but she didn't
say the evolution she said Devo she said
devolution which isn't a thing which is
nothing okay
I never knew that about the band Ebola
it was short you know what I'm gonna say
that as if I know okay I thought that
was just the name of the band I'm now
I'm hedging my bets here and saying I
might be wrong but I think I'm know I'm
right okay well if you're wrong I then
guarantee you they'll tell us they're
absolutely going to tell me about what I
believe I'm right but so so that was the
name of a record and in the song they
used the little sound clip of her of her
getting that answer wrong okay
that's why yes I see he has me in the
lead sorry he was in bass ketball
damn right you are that's all I got what
is that flashing is that something
computer monitor yeah oh no it's from
the game it's so bright
yeah okay you'll see in a second here
it's actually a really neat like a
separate RGB effect it's just so bright
like flashing on you because they're not
looking at the monitor you'll see in a
second ready yeah pretty bob says Jay is
always wrong it's true Oh No what are
you wrong about I don't know life
decisions
wait knowing the jack is always wrong I
said devolution you're right about bad
movie plots sorry yeah I am
Oh have we talked about my superpower
I'm sure we've we've done right on the
show okay
Jack has a superpower this is Jack speed
no matter how many people are talking or
how incomprehensible movie is Jack
always knows what's going on have you
seen things Jack you know what was going
on
do you hate things because you know
what's going on I don't think you do
know what's no one knows what's going on
in things
there's bug creatures in the house
that's all you know they hate things
things is amazing I hate things with a
real passion that anyone who's seen
things knows we don't really take
recommendations we review my review what
we think will be interesting to review
and we have so much shit yeah that log I
guess we take recommendations in the
form of people sending us tapes and then
we find one and say this looks like good
would be good for the show yes if you
have a recommendation send it to us
don't tell us send it to us yeah that we
are more likely to do something if we if
we have a physical copy or it's like
okay yeah we can use this on the show
yeah absolutely
but if you send me Knights of the Old
Republic I'm still not going to touch oh
you mean video games dude I think he's
talking about mug video games
oh sure yes
dressed on us so oh it's still yeah
still like especially like for the
streams like for the for the show I mean
Richard I obviously will always make
that call but for the streams if you
send us them oh yeah but the stream
anything we're always looking for stuff
to play absolutely stream
recommendations I guess there are
perfectly fine still more likely to be
still more likely to do what if we're
sent something something absolutely you
know speaking of bad shoot days I have I
have an Africa story okay suck that you
got flown to Africa to make a video okay
that's yeah I understand that but no
Africa was great ever go is super fun
the only um
why because I'm gonna have in a new
place and I don't know where I am and
there could be bad guys anyway would you
say this is scarier than another game
we've played recently yeah yes by the
way I'm more tense playing this any
other game I've recently played so we go
to Africa we we were flown to Africa by
this organization that helps raise money
and awareness for building schools in
South Africa oh you weren't alone there
by Funny or Die no no that was
technically a branded video okay and you
know so the video was to help you know
raise awareness for this organization
that raises money and awareness for
schools in South Africa South Africa was
affected by the apartheid which you know
was crazy racism yeah
against Africans in Africa right and so
these school system is all on a wagon
it's all craziness but we get there and
we know we're driving through
Johannesburg
and like it is it it's a you know it's a
third-world country it a lot of it is
really rundown and it's just like oh my
god we're in Africa yeah it's crazy
right
and it took I don't you know 14 hours to
get there we had to go to London and
then from London down to the south of
very southern tip of Africa yeah crazy
long flight so it has been an incredibly
long day and before that I had to fly to
LA oh oh god I had to fly to LA so I
could fly with them to London yes and so
we're getting it's it's us it's it's me
I I'm you know the director - high five
guys and our producer and and our
contact there our one goal contact one
goal was the name of the organisation
and we were driving through the city
we're like oh my god this is great and
and we're looking like at one of the
buildings and the our contact is like oh
they just had like a huge drug raid at
that building like cops were called
people died like oh my god this is real
this is a real serious thing yeah and
then as she's pointing out this very
tall building that some really bad stuff
just happened in the car turns and our
hotel is right across the street oh
Jesus
and the people at the hotel start
looking at us yeah as if we are not
supposed to be there and we're just like
I don't know how I feel about this area
and you just look around there's garbage
everywhere we're at a bad part of town
yeah and we asked our driver and all the
drivers all the other taxi drivers are
coached by the country because
everyone's coming in for the World Cup
they're supposed to be really nice let's
take very highly of all of Africa
because the World Cup is there and we're
like so uh this hotel is this is this a
good hotel and he goes well
I would not stay here very clearly
absolutely so yeah we get assured away
we find out later that are being flown
to Africa was a very last-minute
decision from the one goal people yeah
and there might have been a purposeful
razzing of our hotel location okay where
where maybe someone set us up at that
hotel to be like these guys you know
they're not helping they're a bunch of
jokesters or what so maybe they were
doing a dukester thing ER or maybe it
was just a simple mix if we don't know
for sure yeah but uh it was rather scary
I can understand we ended up having to
the four of us sleep on the floor of a
shed in the house of the of our contact
at one goal so we got to sleep in a shed
and I do not I'm not exaggerating it was
a shed it was a shit yeah
still great sure you still got to go to
Africa I've got to go to Africa and I
had a really super great time that's
great but a little scary
oh jesus fucking christ oh my god they
shoot you
they shoot too apparently had somebody
who's saying
that could be ghosts I just wanted you
to know that
absolutely do you have this chance
Africa story and with MCN smashmouth
that's well that's uh no that's not the
plan
I'm gonna try don't follow well okay
I mean must have been somebody wants us
to do our LM movies on best of the worst
I'd be done and I think would have to be
done by people other than us of course I
could do no no you have to find likely
get the RiffTrax guys to make fun of our
movies you don't know what I wanted to
do I wanted to send our movies to leg oh
and a member yeah that's like emerged
that could be interesting
would be fun wants to I am fine with
that I mean we ripped him a new asshole
that's true yeah he punched our faces
that were printed on papers yours first
of course I guess I shouldn't say of
course but it was your face and he
punched first I don't know what prompted
him to do that because I said to meet
his things
okay looking back at the episode I
watched I watched that Halloween episode
before he came yeah just to be like what
did I say yeah I everyone was being
polite
no people like you were being the
harshest but nobody was being but by the
way it needed to be said and after I was
harsh then everyone else was harsh only
after I was harsh
I don't remember that being the case
maybe it is but either way everybody
people number one were nice about him I
want to say that Mike and rich each said
something about his movies that were a
little ambiguous and they honestly don't
remember I'd have to re-watch this man I
came in it was like a listen so I'm
saying I deserve either way point being
one is a gracious and kind man yeah you
do not let those martial arts I just
want to make sure you know that one is a
gracious and nice guy who is able to
roll with it yeah thanks very true that
is very true and I think I think there
are not just filmmakers but there are
like creators creative people out there
that cannot take criticism oh yeah
and Len Ken yes yes and so funny man
I'm Twitter today when I mentioned my
love for the remake of The Blob each I'm
didn't say that he likes it too so there
you go great guy you heard it here first
people both what and I like the blog I'm
just gonna play again
I was on how late we want to go I'm
gonna dribble Marjorie I haven't eaten
since three so you should have a well
you also get up late yeah I do I do
I'm gonna give it one more try
just cuz this is a game that I've been
really doing alright there's a trailer
for lens new movie is there blood
mercury yeah Oh Oh the you sure no one
coming out yeah whatever
oh yeah yeah yeah he was talking about
it when he was here I remember now but I
remember a l'heure is out I thought
there's lots of Dutch angles and shaky
cam I can't wait well that was the one
that he had shot before what was it he
was in the middle of shooting it I think
like he was shooting it on and off when
he came here I thought that was one no
it's not the one that you shot before
that was a ninja prophecy of death that
was one thing he shot before skull
forest and it got held up for whatever
reason yes everyone is out now but no is
new on big areas obviously if death is
that yes okay these are the important
things
did you prophecy of death we watch that
watch them if you were here you might
have been here I forget we watch a lot
that's not one of his best no no my
minor can sense its minors one campuses
anyone can possess key is special sure
is true well you know the we just
watched kind of something on the Len
Levitt the other day and like lens
movies are special mm-hmm and you you
watch other movies at that at that his
filmmaking level you're just like oh he
really does put something extra it is
it's the it's the kungfu it's yeah it's
the reason that we started gravitating
towards this movies in the first place
cuz we watch a lot of movies made at
that I don't want to call it amateur
filmmaking it's about that but
micro-budget yeah Mike Roboto was shot
on video some sort of horror elements
which is the newer movies are so much of
it ya know there's definitely something
to lensman these that make them stand
out more than a lot of that other stuff
if you want to send us things to stream
my steam name is Charlie ch ard and Jack
you're still harlech right
har-har la CK I I believe both of our
friend lists are full oh you know I'll
go home tonight and I'll free up some
space I I do I take a little time every
week to try to free up some space
how do you free up space you you need to
they made it like a fucking video game
you have to level up and buy things to
level up not buy things you don't have
to put on technically you don't but if
you need to want to do it quickly yes it
was it was a neat idea on Steam thought
were in order to get extra stuff and
more friend slots you need these things
called trading cards and some games come
with trading card that's not stupid
it is I hate it and the way to get
trading cards is to either buy them or
trade with your friends and then you
like if you and if you collect a certain
number trading cards for every game you
level up and whatnot in this who's it
wasn't and so if you talk to your
friends and coordinate with your friends
you can all super level up all the time
especially if I'm playing the same game
but who has time to talk to people so
what you end up doing is selling the
cards you have for pennies and then
buying other cards for pennies yeah it's
complicated
alright it's really complicated I don't
like it nope and I don't know if anyone
does I don't endorse it I don't know if
anyone does but that's that's the world
we live in
they're gonna do what they wanted to
only cast off
can't stop with the gaben I'm not gonna
remove you I'm gonna guard stuff that's
all open space yeah
sell some cards for pennies buy some
cards for pennies that's how you do it
we send them money me thinks no send us
plenty of the best games are any games
I'm sorry said send us whatever you want
they'd send us whatever you want there's
like one good Triple A game every two
years laughter Jay keep saying funky
forest question mark hi I have not seen
funky forest yet i co J I'm sorry I
don't even know what that is it's the
thing I think he's recommended it before
he's talked about eventually I will
watch funky forest I have not done it
yet we're busy people and when we're not
busy I'm marking the blob remake it was
great it holds up so well there's some
Halloween stuff in the pipe yeah yeah
we've been working on
well you just what is love today now
yeah the Halloween commentary is out now
which I was very excited to do because I
love Halloween and then yeah there will
be some other Halloween things coming
soon so we've been we've been busy we do
like bad old horror movies yes yes what
are you implying
cuz I know what we've been doing and I
don't get it you will say I've seen some
comments that are like complaining not
complaining but not understanding why we
did the original Halloween is a
commentary track and saying that it's
boring so they're like something you
gotta look at it in context well people
don't like because they think it's
boring think Halloween is boring whoa
the movie Halloween yeah and that's
where you're like you know you gotta
look at it for when it was made that's
like saying the original psycho is
boring you're a little psycho is cliched
or something that's like no the cliches
didn't exist before Halloween neither
you gotta look at it in that context
everything needs to be fast-paced yeah
hyper or hyper fast quick that's I guess
and I think I think I even talked about
this on the commentary but I think it is
just a case of there's been so many
ripoffs and so many movies that have
cliche that you know they have used
these cliches that didn't exist before
Halloween like they weren't cliches and
Halloween it invented them so you have
to look at a movie in a historical
context near Halloween is a classic
movie I I understand I here's the thing
I can't believe they're complaining
about content no it's not no no and I'm
not gonna say a lot of people are
complaining but I've seen comments that
are saying like I don't understand how
you could like hold things like that Oh
see that's the thing where it's like I
find older movies I know you find them
boring boring I but at the same time I
understand their importance sure
and so it's okay to find that boring but
you have to context absolutely right
it's like not liking Ghostbusters
because there's no CGI or something
stupid yeah that would be dumb I'm sure
there are people that are like that no
yeah there everybody I can guarantee
there are people like everybody likes
Ghostbusters the God make it so they can
do it right yeah everybody likes
Ghostbusters and nobody doesn't like
Ghostbusters come on
everybody flat plasma-wave I'm looking
at the chat now maybe I missed something
earlier but are you saying not a living
death as a ripoff
as a joke are you serious
probably there is the last man on earth
the Vincent Price movie was basically
never living dead right it was yeah I
mean George Romero has talked about how
I know the resurfaces story was an
influence on my living done but it's not
the same story no no it's this the idea
of what if these ghouls started you know
walking around I think I think that was
a gyp let's call that a joke that's a
funny okay but I couldn't tell well
sometimes you can't tell in the context
of just text on a screen that's hard to
tell
let's give him the benefit of the doubt
okay but Coleman because my name is Ed
is probably the only movie I would be
more excited to do a commentary track
for than Halloween if we're talking
about horror movies because night let me
dad and George Romero are especially
George Romero is a huge influence on me
growing up I have to ask this just
because I'm curious question is what
rich inject do the better PR GE next
year what the hell is the PR GE if you
can tell me what the PRG is I will be
less confused PR PR GE
I'm trying to figure it out I'm sir I
think they're fucking was that's a real
possibility okay plans my way now I see
your second comment and I understand the
joke
let me dead is writing the zombie craze
we're not in the retro gaming expo even
I use that course where we're all up on
Portland news here in Milwaukee I'm you
know I'm not even super into retro game
just like not fine I love them but I'm
not like it's the only thing I'll play
will go anywhere people pays money to go
nobody would pay us to go to anything to
not attend will do that to you want to
give us money to not attend please send
a money order to
I would like to go to an expo I don't
you know actually I don't know if I
would like to go in I expose me you know
maybe one of the backs is like like this
is this is you know a bid style because
I think largely because that's easier to
make yes but I wouldn't call this a
retro game I can't think of many classic
games like this no you know the kind of
the top-down twin-stick is not you meant
you got to dig further down it's not
look look past this can be aspect of
this this is this in this game make
roguelikes 20 years ago except for rogue
I guess yeah but another man and even
roguelike is not like a modern day the
road yeah
even rogue is not about of a roguelike
haha FTL there was never an old game
like FTL
come out with this as you yeah I think
people see the 2d yeah and think they're
all just retro throwback switch not true
this this game you guys you know what I
was never doing it on the stream here
and you're watching me play but the
atmosphere of this game is something
incredibly real though the lack of songs
the the sound design the it's it's also
Erie's it's retro is like like shovel
knight is retro because that is triangle
in every way stylistically and
graphically you emulate a classic
Nintendo game you owe on unabashedly but
this just isn't like that
hey what are they complaining about it
something settle down and I'm just
wondering if that's why the the port
runs retro gaming expo thing came out
they think we only like old I don't know
I don't know what they think there's too
many of them Oregon Trail original rule
like that's that's really funny what
that's really funny because it's very
true stroke around the chat a couple
days ago if we played Oregon Trail you
constantly complaining about the
cutscenes Jack Jack Jack would say don't
tell me I died of dysentery show me
through gameplay
first of all it's Truman dang ass game
with with text prompts takes takes a
special game to get me over that like
FTL no I will read all of the text in
FTL and enjoy the shit out of it
Robotron 28:20 84 didn't have a survival
aspect though that was second I was like
I think it just a flat-out shooter no
sure
oh is it like a thing yeah this is looks
like more slower paced more managing
health yeah being careful
no there Robotron I think was just kind
of chaotic
yeah there were twin sticks listen Smash
TV was was out there awhile ago but you
know yet it's the mashing it's the
clever mashing of genres that leads us I
want to say this this by the way this
game I believe is a one or two man team
this might be just one dude all right we
went to the military last time and I'm
okay with that I just really wanted to
play this game I will play Triple A
games when I think they look interesting
yeah yeah Grand Theft Auto 5 I've loved
every Grand Theft Auto they've made or
so that's a very common I'm not over
there you know the processions creed 18
well first one kind of bored me I don't
know why the 18th one would be any
different I like
for I like to admit to the first
Bioshock that's a triple a game right
last yeah I know BioShock Infinite
there's a lot of aspects of that game I
like and what I don't like
not that what I'm talking about yeah
yeah I don't care about the infinite
don't care about infinite you know the
Mario Kart Nintendo's almost a separate
piece though it really is Nintendo games
are Nintendo games if not triple a game
there's there's still triple-a all right
monster fire shop is not the best game
ever
gosh I have infinite it's not the best
game rubber Kombat
I think is moving like I'm sure I wasn't
that far lot of story elements are
interesting and some of them are full of
them full of themselves a bit dissipate
see how all this weird imagery but I
don't know if they're really saying
anything about it like like I said that
weird founding fathers as as religious
icons and I mean that's that's a neat
weird thing but don't really go anywhere
what are they trying to say what does
BioShock Infinite friends
it's very proud of itself for being
clever with with parallel realities
they're very proud of themselves for
being clever yes oh oh how they enjoy
their cleverness
like a like a like a like a cat everyone
story over done I can't I can't make
analogies well a giant monster he tries
to kill me
yes duck face as a shooter BioShock
Infinite it is awful well bad I almost
like waffles going to BioShock Infinite
I think my problem with it is it feels
pretentious it's a fine thing to say
about it then I think that's it I think
that's a correct thing to say about them
you played infinite okay a little bit
you know what didn't finish it stop
caring yeah a little bit I played I said
I'd get this game done yeah because you
know time is a really valuable thing the
ways in which you spend your time there
just backseat gaming a game he has never
played though that was the correct move
and I mean for anyone listening I was
hey hey I beat FTL I'm not alright
rich could back sigue me all he wants
I'm gonna I'm gonna listen sometimes I'm
not gonna listen it's gonna be a whole
thing yeah jack is free to disregard my
advice when I rather play Bioshock is
knit or Mass Effect 3 BioShock Infinite
I have complaints about BioShock
Infinite
I don't outright hate it I just hate
Mac's game somebody just asked about
that is there a Mad Max game they just
came up a new one
that's what they're saying probably you
should play that because Mad Max is
awesome I bet the game would be
disappointing if it's just a long
elaborate car Jason
movie times are generally not it's not a
tie in any recent movie I don't know I
can't really say for sure because I've
never played a Mad Max game but yeah
it's like that world is supposed to be
mostly desolate
sure and in order to make it a fun game
there had to be things going on all the
time but but in order to be Mad Max
accurate
you have to be just kind of largely a
barren wasteland well this is the long
like chase where you got other cars
being in here or something I don't know
I don't know about games or designing
games nice like Mad Max so they could be
fun to play a game in that world it
could be there everybody else out there
has already said everything there is to
say about Mass Effect 3
I don't they can't get enough of the
hatred no I would make a separate video
but I don't like I really have much new
to add yeah fire any great insight
because we could make the official rich
Evans primer for Mass Effect 3 no like
and then what we'll do is anytime in the
chat anyone brings up like your thoughts
on Mass Effect you can just link them to
that thing yeah rich Evans not gonna
thank you yes okay you have to move the
mouse line once in a while right the
computer goes to sleep I can do this I
believe
I am NOT going to play the new Dragon
Age yeah so canned Rose if you want to
hear some Kevin Smith hate listen to
what was the what was the stream Jack
were we talking about Kevin Smith oh god
it's labeled if I I when I export them
to YouTube in the comments there you
know in the comments of the video
description box in a description that's
not in the description I label some of
the things we talked about and it's
labeled clearly ok it would have to be
one of the more recent ones right it
wasn't last week I didn't move that to
youtube yet it might have been oh it
wasn't Octodad like later octave head
good maybe cuz I know we weren't talking
about it while I was playing Noctem bad
right I don't remember but there is if
you look on the prereq youtube channel
you may be able to find a stream where
we we talk about Kevin Smith extensively
oh yeah
for I can't talk about him anymore we
already did we're done we're done with
Kevin Simon because you know why your
time is a valuable well will there ever
be a more disappointing than game than
Mass Effect 3 for you rich no not at
this point I'm on guard now but I'm
permanently on guard
is it the Phantom Menace video yes yeah
okay
looks like I'll never with Phantom
Menace it's like I'll never trust a
movie I guess just like that okay
basically yes you have no idea how much
I was I don't know I I don't know
anything about massive else no I want to
make this video now there's like like
after I played Mass Effect 3 I just felt
like there was a depression in my heart
other games rushing well it'll be like
your it'll be like a rich Evans quick
cut Oh Mabel we'll call it something
like long bitch rich Evans long bitch
I ate Donuts if you want to hear us
talking about something we love you can
to the just-released Halloween
commentary direct look at that available
not right letter media that guy yeah we
talked about things we like all time in
history also we do like the blob I
already watched the blob that's great
it might be one of my new favorite
creature movies oh it's great yeah I
watched it when I was a kid and I hadn't
seen it since and I just re-watched it
and it holds up great also like we're
not there when we are playing FTL one of
the greatest games ever made I don't
know if we talked about it but like also
like just when we're playing quietly
that means we're enjoying it yeah
because that means we're engrossed
enough in something to not bitch about
it yeah which is better the blog remake
er this stuff the blob remake the stuff
is kind of crappy is it yeah it's not
very good hey creeped me out as a kid
better you watched it no well we're five
years ago I was like this is bad
Mass Effect 3 had a decent ending would
your opinion be different if Mass Effect
3 had a different ending it would be the
return of the Jedi of Mass Effect not as
good as the other two but at least it
did well enough noctem fuck Wow okay Wow
alright so it had problems more than
just the mundane yeah okay cuz that's
how I know I've heard you talk about how
the MU is for mana cause the worst
aspect yeah that's what I've heard all
that you and I seen some other stuff
about that but I didn't know there was I
think so
the the main story of the series is like
largely neglected because they focus
entirely on like the B stories it's
weird like that and other things
forgive a good
nighttime 68 I am aware of the guest
it's not playing anywhere around here
but I really want to see it it's the
follow-up from from the guys that made
your next no one in this room knows I'm
talking about sorry your next is great
but yes I want to see the guest but it's
not playing anywhere around here sorry
part of the trouble of living in
Milwaukee yeah we have to fucking tusk
plate here why can't we get the guest
the guest doesn't have a suite podcast
draw that's true
Kevin Smith is more of a draw than the
guys that made your next let's see
what's your next
it's a deconstruction of slasher movies
that came out last year okay it's very
clever and very good you've talked about
that before probably I say that's good
that's good to know
it's always nice to know what good
things are Hey look talks about another
good thing Jay are you aware of the film
raw force 1982 aka kung-fu cannibals
just came out in blu-ray is insane
it even has a cranky old Cameron
Mitchell oh well you you had me at
Cameron Mitchell we may have a copy of
it here I'd have to look at our VHS rec
we may have a VHS copy of it raw force
it's called um it scrolled up for I
could read the rest of it that's oh yeah
I see it real force um the trailer only
hints at how crazy the film is okay yeah
we may have a copy of it I haven't seen
it I'm always up for Cameron Mitchell
yeah absolutely loves that fucking dog
have you started putting some funds
aside to build rich and new gaming rig
if we got another check from them sets
no no we got we haven't gotten one since
I mean it that will be the next big
expenditure absolutely yeah oh
definitely next see we are our stopgap
solution was to get a ps4 yeah it seemed
like relatively cheap thing to do with
the money we had up a time Monday at the
time we got ps4 and that will that will
get us that will get us most of the
games that like will come out on on PCs
will also come on ps4 so that was our
stopgap but yes the next big prereq
expenditure will be Rich's new PC so he
won't kill his computer every time I
just checked we do not have raw force so
I will look into this move anybody wants
to send us raw force yeah so immediately
this is important this is very important
I don't know what this really is did you
write it down no but I'll remember it
you probably will I will yeah when it
comes to bad movies I'll remember it
Jack can we get a Cameron Mitchell
emoticon no first we need first we need
a mic oh actually you know what I bet we
had got enough subscribers today to get
two new motor guns oh yeah
so we sure you have a J mic first or
I'll do whatever the fuck I want you
could do that
I don't know I mean we should definitely
get a JMO cop is the real thing because
you're here because I'm here because
you're not gonna I was gonna say it
doesn't really matter we should get a
James Jessie emoticon because you guys
are here Jack can we get a camera I was
reading chat so I didn't hear I
apologize
we'll see how many open I think we only
get three okay a smashmouth emoticon oh
well what the fuck who's that
Oh someone just subscribed you guys
literally J just subscribed although you
are not literally J well your name is
generally J thank you for subscribing
yeah I really like that what the fuck
thing I'm really happy that Nick qqqq
sent me that that makes it really easy
to see when someone subscribes oh my god
there's no way you are literally J okay
fair enough
look well if you look at the dictionary
literally doesn't mean literally yes
sure literally means the opposite of
literally now so but it also means the
the original death so basically really
the word is now useful we're scanning of
useless which is on women but by the way
also true because people keep using it
so incorrectly the word is kind of
useless so maybe the dictionary did good
it literally did good any chance for
multiplayer games on steep Jack wolves
the team fortress yeah you mean
multiplayer with you or just multi
clearing Jeff no idea that's all they
say yeah I know we won't play
multiplayer with you guys I we've done a
couple Team Fortress 2 streams with the
chat those have been fun last one wasn't
so fun because we were teaching rich the
game Wow a waffle tall where is first
moment it's back back it's on my youtube
channel nice it was gone for a while cuz
someone flagged it as animal abuse or
something here but it's back you
subscribe where's that I heard of what
the fuck um no lips McGee thank you very
much shoutouts no lips McGee what the
fuck yeah so so we'll definitely well
the next to the to next emoticons should
be a Jamie Jessie probably Cameron
Mitchell would be fun at the hack front
well thing I'll think of some fun one
you'll come up with something I'm sure
it's hard because you have to you know
they're so tiny
they're little yeah and so you have to
be very they're they're tiny and they
have to be square and so like if you're
gonna do a face which are usually taller
than they are why do you yeah you don't
get a lot of space for pixels for faces
so it's it's something fun we'll see I'm
probably not gonna do a mic one just cuz
he's not here Jay why are there deleted
videos on the best of the worst playlist
YouTube should be okay there you have it
there shouldn't be if they say private
video it's possible it's a
I'm listed patreon video but those I
don't think are on the playlist I'll
have to look into that do you have your
playlist to automatically add stuff if
it has a certain tag no which is the
thing you can do
no I don't by the way is awesome no I
don't have that I'll look into it I
there shouldn't be there's there are no
deleted best of the worst episodes I can
tell you that just never made ones it's
just one set were shot at that will
never be edited or released right and
there's only one of those yes
animus primal says no it says to me I am
no idea it might you know what it might
say deleted but it could be private okay
that could be a thing I've wanted her
which one where where is it
let's go look it up let's figure this
out don't look at it right now
yeah we are addressing the issue live
why the timely manner
could you entice Mike to play Eng video
games he was briefly into Starfleet
Academy
like like 15 years ago
oh you know what I see what you're
talking about I don't know why it shows
up in the playlist there was one deleted
video but all it is is a slightly
different edit of the dinosaur episode
song hyegyo so yeah yeah I uploaded the
episode and had an issue with I used the
wasn't that was open the door get on the
floor everyone walked the dinosaur song
at the ends and they flagged it so I had
to delete it and re upload it with that
song good place so that they flagged up
but not the Jurassic Park theme they did
not plan the Jurassic Park
interesting yeah so that's all that is
it's just it's the exact same episode
with just a slightly different song at
the end so you're young you're missing
nothing essentially you're missing
nothing it's not a huge deal
oh are you missing everything because
that song made the episode it actually
it was really great
oh yeah that's also why the the Paula
Abdul song was removed for the Youtube
version of the animal attack episode oh
that makes sense
same reason they uh they're they're
serious about that flaggin yes you do
they're serious about that flagging and
disputing it for fair right usage is
tough is shit yeah though somewhat Mo's
black eighty two wire early half the
bank episodes have swearwords bleeps
we've randomly bleep things because we
find it funny it's very humor we've
leave it for community value not for any
sort of like censoring ourselves reasons
sometimes it's funny to have a bleep and
sometimes it's funnier to have the
actual swear words so we go on a
case-by-case basis
I just watched horse vomit what fuck yes
the answer is yes that is the correct
reaction for anyone paying attention to
the game right now instead of wasting
bullets I'm just luring all of these
masses of zombies into the tunnel
Illinois which kills them instantly and
I don't have to use a bullet
it was good assuming the same thing
that's probably the same thing there the
I can guarantee there's nothing that is
deleted that is like you're missing an
episode it's all out there someone just
subscribed I heard of what the fuck
rich what is your day job this is my day
job
aren't I a lucky motherfucker someone
just subscribe oh my god Lindsay yo yo
just subscribe Thank You Lindsay lo yo
yo yo yo
yeah you know what Rich's day job is
shouting out to subscribers and he is
fighting excellent triage
we're asking about job real jobs we've
had believe it or not I used to be in
construction before the economy tanked
did I got laid off
yeah oh I think we talked about that on
a stream once too right yeah we had to I
work on a Kmart we've told all of our
stories at this point basically pretty
much there's nothing else to say but if
you knew I mean you know we'll tell them
again maybe not tonight but rich you
were like a pipe fitter or something
classifiers fire sprinklers that's crazy
it's crazy
keep it effective that huh yeah I mean
well that's but you know also I'm
getting dangerously close to the thing
that can instantly kill me too
it is cheaper and effective but I'm
gonna I'm gonna allow it rich Evans is
it true that you're in fact the
superhero dick neutral there ain't
nuttin neutral about my day
no dick neutral is uh who do we assign
to the Stig neutral it's it's either
John hammer Scott back John hammer Scott
Bakula I don't know maybe John Hammond
who's he with I see with anybody I Scott
Perry was with someone Scott Baker was
married to an actress that was in death
spot yeah you were here for despot when
I was not here for this and I'm really
upset that it was not yeah that's pretty
great but he's married to an actress
that was in that she's been another
stuff too but really who cares
outside of festival
will you play alien isolation somebody's
just not paying attention on the
streamer maybe they mean on this here
maybe oh that's a baby
what are you if they don't know it's the
next review for for previously recorded
yeah hopefully in the next week oh
definitely within the next week I'm
hoping I can get it out in the next
couple of days yeah if if I can really
push myself and ignore a couple real
deadlines that I have which I'm very
good at ignoring I'm hoping I can get it
out in the next couple of days we here's
what I will say about streaming alien
isolation usually if we really like a
game we stream it after the episode
comes out we probably won't be streaming
it kiss Hilary but listen you'll see
that I'm editing it right now
what's tomorrow what's today today's
Wednesday
today's Wednesday only only for one more
minute oh okay great
I'll have I'll have some time yeah I
might be able to get done by the weekend
we'll see we'll see
I mean follow me
alien isolation doesn't have pixel
graphics or jackets
say I know I know I knew shit like that
fuck fuck I got too close to the death
goo when is the next
XCOM stream I don't know what the next
one will be but don't be another one oh
I love XCOM too much if either jail you
know
fucking I was doing my move the guys
into the GU thing and I got too close to
the fucking goo
all right at some point either Jax could
continue his XCOM Ironman run or maybe
I'll solo stream it at some point it
will return it will return
in large and I haven't been able to give
XCOM my good a good shake
it's tough you know playing playing
games on the stream especially games
when you're playing for the very first
time on the stream there is this added
pressure because you know people are
watching and you know so you want to you
want to skip cutscenes and you want to
get moving you know just to entertain
everyone but and also it's pressure to
play so there are some games that have
maybe been spoiled for me because of the
stream I'm not saying next time as well
yeah yeah definitely definitely
oh my god what it's called now Dark
Souls Dark Souls has incredibly been
spoiled for me because you assholes oh
such bad advice I played that why are
you doing that was ok I remember that
game yeah you played that for a little
bit you guys a little bit spoiled the
experience for their'n you bad advice
they were giving me purposefully bad
advice yeah not necessarily my thing
Dark Souls but I'd like to get an axe
guy just cuz everyone who I know whose
opinions I agree with on games loves X
come and so I know I would love XCOM
button who's got time
I don't know are you asking me I was
asking you do you know Dan yeah dan has
time oh great okay so guys talk to Dan
that guy hey Dan
he's always got time he's always got
time
Oh see yeah they say they didn't give us
they didn't give me bad advice I was
just bad at the game oh that's true I
played it wrong that's always is it a
combination of the two I mean yeah
obviously it was my first time playing
so I'm not gonna be great at it sure
and that game does require a certain
amount of play until you get good at him
also I think just don't care that much
about Dark Souls I'm sorry I'm sorry
everybody
look yeah see now you got what is you've
got a cobweb
it's a compliment Oh decoration it
latches on being I don't know how cuz
it's cowboy I got a little if everyone
would stop like putting their hands on
the wall you wouldn't get a cobweb on
you yeah why should I ever put my hands
behind my head
you shouldn't I I think for me I I have
like I have two day head stubble and I
think it was getting caught on my head
stumble yeah so I guess what I'm saying
is fuck off
no Halloween decorations you need them
it's true I put up my Halloween
decorations in I know I saw your PVC
skeleton it I'm sorry I just had all
this extra PVC one here because I'm the
kind of person that just has TB see what
no oh no you know what it was I was
building a.m. I was building a frame for
a green-screen okay so it's like an
easily put together the frame to clamp a
green-screen - I had all this extra PVC
pipe so I built a little PVC skeleton
out of cut-up PVC pipe and fishing
string yeah I made a little skull face
and it's great I think it's neat I think
have you seen they're made out of meat
if you're referring to the short story I
love it
they're made out of meat aliens talking
about human beings and I guess the
robotic aliens most aliens are not
organic and they think humans are just
really weird and disgusting the one
Elliot is trying to tell the other alien
that there's actually people made out of
meat and the other one thinks it's so
weird he doesn't even believe it I got
of meat yeah and it's a terrific short
story who run it I don't remember huh
I've never heard of this
are you guys doing another Halloween
half in the bag what's that Havering
spooky what was that was that a ghost I
didn't hear anything
what are you talking about I heard it I
heard like a moaning noise I think pipes
just pipes the pipes in this old
building
yes Oh would you like some more of this
Frankenberry who's gonna be clever oh
fuck all right well it's midnight yeah
I'm done
Jay do I play anything um not really
all right then then we're fuckin done
all right so thank you all for coming
out we super appreciate it if you have
any last-minute things to say say now or
else we're gonna leave the stream very
quickly
would you ever review Tuscon best of the
worst it already came and went oh this
is the worst um oh man do they mean
vessel or do they mean to have in the
bay they might have been half in the bag
but either way I don't know probably not
it slipped through the cracks for half
of the bag and it's probably not bad
enough for best of the worst I have not
seen it I hear it's someone's attempt to
make a purposefully schlocky movie yes
that's that's what I understand yes I
don't know probably not I'll probably
see it eventually just out of curiosity
and the residue of once liking Kevin
Smith
but I don't know I do wonder if if
someone were to watch it and not know
the backstory yeah and again like who
would be a film fan and not know but
like even if they knew who Kevin Smith
was they if someone didn't know that
like it was an idea that came from his
podcast and he made it into a movie and
yeah like if someone didn't know all the
back sorry I wonder how I would feel
about it
well I don't think anyone went to see
that movie that didn't like the only
people who went to see it or like his
fans right his podcast fans and stuff
cuz it was like it came out in some
theaters but nobody saw it and the only
people that did were like his diehard
fans so there are people that are
already going into it with that sort of
blind devotion right right well that's
what I'm wondering why I don't want to
know no general audience went to see
that movie
cuz who cares that's what I know that's
what I wonder like 20 years from now
yeah well there's a new generation of
hip young kids doing their version of
best of the worst oh I don't know and
they come across this old weird movie
called
tusks yeah and I know nothing about its
creation as a man who was turned into a
walrus right yeah well they think that
it's funny or will they know that like
the director and the filmmakers were in
on the joke I don't know that's I don't
know that's an interesting
thing to think about well then you know
we what what who was it was it Josh the
other day was saying that someone
mentioned that wrote or might have been
a comedy
oh yeah he's at saying the oh the cut
like a comment section or something cuz
RiffTrax just did wrote or oh we did it
first went were they spammed with
comments that buzz of the worst did did
rode to her first but Josh was saying
that there was someone that was adamant
in their comments section that wrote or
was a comedy was an intentional comedy
right but I don't know it has comedic
elements but I don't think it was
intended to be a full-on you know one of
the things I think about though one that
when he said that he because he said the
more you think about it the more you do
you think if it was supposed to be a
comedy yeah do you remember the scene
where wrote or just blindly walked
through all the chairs which of course
we thought was really dumb is funny but
I thought it was unintentional even if
that was a joke but then there are other
things that are clearly intended to be
jokes and those fail horribly
yes so I I don't know I don't think so
walking through the chairs in and of
itself isn't enough of a joke I just
think they wanted to convey the fact
that wrote or was single-minded yeah
sure the most efficient way was to walk
straight through the chairs I think
that's what they want
I'm not saying it's a good joke I'm just
saying but it doesn't seem like a joke
of any kind yeah yeah it's to have
strength it's a you know it's a big
goofy joke about yeah about the robot
that walks through the chairs there's
nothing funny about it
well then unintentionally sure it's like
I I counter pointed the idea that it's
intentional company with the opening
stuff and the long track II dolly are
not dolly not painting shots across the
landscape farm the house and just goes
on and on and on and it doesn't work if
that is the intention of that is to be
funny that it goes on so long it doesn't
work in the way that the opening of
space balls works with the ship like
guys forever sure where it's very clear
that that's a joke just showing
landscape is not a there's nothing funny
about that
besides I'm potentially
besides on and even unintentionally it's
not funny it's just funny to talk about
but watching it we were laughing no
we're gonna like get on with it
well we but by the way we were laughing
by the time it hit the long tracking
shot of him walking to the horse maybe
by that point but that initial those
shots that introduced the all of them
together is absurd enough to be fun
I don't know I do not subscribe to the
theory that it was a comedy yeah some
food for thought I guess I am I think
it's wrong yeah I agree sure you know
any other interesting questions in chat
about it
rich close the computer so it's only Jay
oh yeah yeah yeah rich is done wants to
turn itself off they can do that I typed
it in front of you like eight times I
wasn't paying enough attention okay all
right well then we're leaving that's it
but thanks for coming out thanks for all
the new subscribers and all the old
subscribers and all the people who just
came to watch we appreciate you all
