XCOM Enemy of my Friend (Part 1)
June 25, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5KIR7zg6TE

season will save the day you are a big
strong man the ExComm project don't have
enough no I do
commander like anybody is law I fixed
the game I hopefully I fix the game
audio where you guys can hear it now I'm
hoping yeah you can hear a little now
dinkle things
Jimmy jams you should have plenty of
game audio now ramp up the audio more
there's audio it's just quiet yes
it's very quick it's very quiet very
quiet all right it's not that important
well be nice be nine oh no I don't blame
them sit down I must computer that's
what I'm doing I'm turning it up okay
hold on one second I'm just gonna check
real quick
check it out oh yeah checking Jacob I
think I see what's gonna happen
did you guys like the Transformers video
let me tell you that was that was
miserable that was that was just
miserable but it's over at home so I got
that I'll never have to watch all three
chat Transformers movies at once why did
you do it in the first place it was
funny
yeah that's pretty good point all right
so this is the audio better the audio is
better okay good
all right so now we've got our little
startings for you they're gonna ask us
where we want our base yes
every every base starts off with
different benefits and you can even read
them North America 50% less to to house
and buy aircrafts yeah Europe
laboratories and workshops constants %
less to build and maintain Asia future
combat all project in the foundry and
the officer training school cost 50%
less all right now South America we have
ways autopsy's interrogation our
immediate and Africa monthly Escom
funding increased by 30%
oh no right now here's here's here's
here's my opinions okay uh your I like
your personally yeah but in the game
it's fucking useless okay
North America the aircraft benefit
it's not all that great but you do start
off with more money naturally just
because by starting in North America you
automatically have a satellite over
North America and and the USA gives you
the most money as any as any other
individual country okay so you start off
like an extra 150 credits okay
Asia there's some really good bonus
because of the officer training school
okay you really need to get the the
increased squad upgrades okay so that's
that's not a bad one South America is
more useful with with enemy within
because I know there's more benefits to
doing the interrogations of Linna
probably your first time I wouldn't do
it I know when when you play risk South
America is the key there oh we shouldn't
think it's up Australia Australia is not
the key to everything interesting that's
what the Austria Australia is where
where I play when I play risk good
because I'm a dick
and it's hard to get into but according
to people who win at risk South America
I like Africa monthly is just a general
increase of money in in the long run
that's good but it's it's thirty percent
increase but you start off you don't get
that much to begin with so it's the 30%
increase in jack-shit until you have
more satellites once you get more
satellites okay great well you know what
but first starting off I would go with
either North America or a tissue
let's go murica you uncle Mirko why not
when I was going through the tutorials
the very first decision I had to make
was whether to help someone in Chicago
or someone in China and I didn't even
look at the risk or reward I went right
to Chicago
okay I don't care about any other
fucking I'm gonna I'm gonna save America
all right you're playing classic now
you're gonna have to fill out more
fucking attention to the panic level so
all alone would be there we'll get the
panic when we get to panic
all right guys and go go merica screw
Europe and fuck your World Cup yeah it's
called soccer another drops like this
operation will be in Canada
oh we picked up a local broadcast
indicating alien activity within a major
metropolitan area should get down there
and eliminate any hostile move to flank
enemies if possible they're easier to
hit and score critical hits against
neutralize all hostile targets located
secure melds canister those of emissions
okay ready all right launch mission wait
don't I get to name my guys well when we
get to the base target surveys okay
first mission you cloak it okay okay
okay
this career approach evidence 2014 yeah
okay here we go guys here we go we got
team we got team we got a pic we got
team we got everything's gone I'm gonna
say this about I mean they're really
fucked up region your ballots fast I'll
call sex in the a Oh
a tu sabes may be exaggerating sits like
60% women on your army and that's is
weird it's weird its population okay so
now it's population but it's not
typically what you see in the military
all right except maybe like like Israel
or it's like mandatory so here's here's
what I know
I know height advantage is big can I get
up there all right now now you're
playing out classic yeah you are you see
the shields when you walk up to with
them yeah there's the full shield right
which is that no cover there's the half
shield right what's he after on classic
and above that half shield is worth jack
shit okay cuz the aliens get like an
extra 20% hit as it is okay it's it's
next to useless we're gonna check out
this building okay nice to give you bro
I guess I'll let you just play pronounce
yeah let me play if I guy what's your
plan here Jack you want to find out
what's in that building I want to find
out what's in the bill okay but I don't
want this guy to do to go and just get
sicker okay
we're more like a general advice kind of
thing yeah get your guys the position
first breathe and think of breaching a
door right right so now how do I get
open one no I
now you're playing with a controller so
I can't tell you how to switch guys or
do anything like that because I don't
play this way it's the it's the bumpers
oh you got hiks hiks that's perfect for
an alien game can I look in the window
if you're next to it you will
automatically see like a line of sight I
wouldn't go half cover go on that's
gonna go to here yes I get there get
there but now I can't see inside okay
there's nothing inside yeah you don't
want to go again okay here's here's
another general piece of tactical advice
yeah don't you know when the line go
alright alright here's here's how the
basic game works cuz I guess we should
assume people aren't familiar at all
with the game yeah you get you can
either move twice or move once shoot
right the blue line comes for like one
one movement so I care here's a normal
movement and then you can also do that's
considered a - no there is a benefit to
dashing when you're dashing of an aliens
on over launch they're more likely to
miss because you're in theory you're
sprinting when you - never - never -
unless you have a damn good reason - I
guess you you could end up leaving
yourself completely vulnerable like
right here you're safe - - on the other
side of the door because you've already
moved two guys in that area and you know
you're not gonna activate another alien
I just did that yeah okay so now I move
this guy in yeah we're gonna take this
building okay I can I just I just go in
my huh you could would you have to - to
do it sure
when beer guys is a unit bang jack yeah
you're this is teamplay see I would I
would put everybody on overwatch sure
and then start the next role
I haven't put people on oh hold on with
the controller I have no fucking clue
why okay come on why everybody overwatch
comes in to your site you can
automatically just shoot it right right
okay now here's something new you see
that that yellow line yeah all is that
that's telling you where the next
canister of eldest don't worry about it
okay like I said with Mel treated as a
target of opportunity if you're a champ
to see one and you're near it and you
can get it easily grab it
otherwise yeah oh yeah I'm just gonna
just take an over look at the map here
so it's in so nothing is in this part of
the building not that part of building
this other door up there I say that all
right yeah let's so what are you
thinking I'm doing here jack well you
know we can either check the building or
we can fan out over here and head
towards that thing a melt which you say
is not that important well I mean if you
if you make your way over there safely
I'm saying don't do stupid things to get
at it like don't - over there I mean if
you want to make your way over there
slowly that's a fine thing to do okay
that's a fine thing I think I'm gonna
make my way over there slowly but don't
dance
alright now uh you might want to as a
general strategy here designate somebody
as your Scout sure all right no they're
gonna be like like I said you're moving
in that that left direction yeah take
the leftmost person okay pick mover yeah
move her up as far as she can go without
going or yellow so like mover twofer
this blue tile like right here right
like right there yeah
okay okay okay we got this no because
she's your self yeah you don't see you
don't want to you don't want to activate
aliens when you're not ready to deal
with them right so don't move anybody
further than her I'm that way see if you
move her first and she activates
somebody the rest of your squads got to
full movement points to deal with it
don't gotta get the position and to deal
with it I like it you know you don't
want to like move everybody and then
activate an alien and you're kind of
fucked for handling them what's that
that's it that's the belt that's the
Allspark
that's the seol doan fuck fuck you all
right I just went through a traumatic
experience jack I'm okay and you can't
do that shit to me it's not very siren
okay okay wait go here go here heading
out okay but now she has another
movement points ahead like I almost
wanna know if you want to you can't well
I mean I want to if you see if she sees
something yeah she's not gonna be able
to shoot at me she's just gonna be
sitting there waiting for an alien to
get at her well yeah no I'll say this
much with that one you just moved in
yeah you can move her a little bit
further into an area where you know it's
not gonna like there you know what
aliens not gonna pop out you already got
guys in there sure so I would overwatch
and then okay further on the next turn
my eyes move into overwatch just fail no
rich is here to help me you guys let him
to help me correct or else it will just
be me dying for the next four hours
which I know you guys would really enjoy
but I wouldn't necessarily my god
Saville somebody's somebody's gonna die
that's just it's gonna happen yeah
somebody is gonna die okay here we go
I'm on it
where are these aliens sir probably in
the building but if people get that meld
safely that's a good thing that's a good
thing okay all right move as a group and
you unload because there's no time limit
right like right well no dozen times
with a pellet don't you'll get yourself
killed you go all out just to grab a
fuckin milk ass sure it's not as
valuable as a I mean all your guys are
work is right now but it's not as
valuable as a well trained soldiers life
sure because of how you get fucked in
this game is like you have a lot of
people tend to have like their go-to
group of guys that all get leveled at
once some nothing like a group of five
guys or high ranks and they're good
soldiers
you're trying to get through the rest of
the game where nothing cookies okay you
see the blue Sun yeah sound waves
that's no weights and they just saw one
guy in front yeah yeah he well he's
gonna have to get behind good cover sure
well we can get him over here by the
else mark remember a target of
opportunity the NAC aliens yeah
your life is more important okay so I
can get behind this cover here you can
get behind that cover okay
I break in shoot don't worry about that
spin alright
take your time visits there's no rush to
shoot the meeting late right I get your
other guys in the position place and see
what they see sure before you think
about who's gonna shoot him sure jigs
info cover all right Shh while working
your other guys go visit useful and
nearby sitteth Wow's any chance to hit
for now let's let's move our other guys
though some are guys first okay where
can he move not much we can we might be
able to move them over here and you kind
of flank from this way or I could move
him like I'm here but then that's
dashing it's that's dashing but you will
let's see what move that move the cursor
back over there back over here yeah okay
you're probably if you want a dash on
the far one where you'll be out of the
line of sight you'll be simply moved one
over so that's how you cover there yeah
you probably don't know the alien
probably won't have line of sight on you
okay so I think it's safe to - there all
right let's do it
all right you know what we're doing
we're doing it you know what no no not
there but he is you know probably going
there that's why like just roll over
there like if you move over there that's
a - right now if there are aliens up on
the other side of that meld like in that
dark area or they'll activate and they
will probably flank all three or your
fucking guys I could move I can get
we've got to be careful Brady no well
you know what there is you could do what
I would I would get into a situation
this is your first mission so I'm
helping you a bit more and I normally
would okay you see those low covers
behind your guys yeah you can go there
and hunker down sure
hunker down increases your defense and
doubles your defense so that half cover
yeah would essentially be a full cover
if you hunker down okay so I would I
would move him there something a hunker
down hunker down
yeah can you say hunker down be more
hunker down
how the question is that's the shield I
guess I should say hi um now it's been
excellent enemy I don't know how to
oh that moves me up okay that's good
that's I don't know how you do this for
the controllers are the triggers it says
RT next to your bottom this one then the
shield look at thing next your burn aid
is hunker down every time you say hunger
now though here funny expression yeah it
is
let's see here zoom details height
adjust rotate camera swap weapons cancel
overwatch maybe swap weapons no that's
not gonna do it how do you do to do
unused what son you have to be a target
boat oh details I have no idea maybe
everybody Jack insisted on using a
gamepad I like camping we could have
just Mouse right over the shielding
clicked on it well you would think it we
don't it's hurting folks a little let
you switch things there I don't know oh
yeah okay
however watch hunker down okay we
figured it out everyone let's settle the
fuck down you find the hunker down but I
did it ended by the way it is actually
called hunker down I'm assuming that's
worth it you know did you know hunker
down that's my favorite band from the
eighties
okay okay you know when you hunker down
yeah that's circle around you hunker
down
yeah that's your hunkered down
line-of-sight okay when you're hunkered
down you can't be as far than when
you're not going down so when you're
hooker down if an alien were to move
within that circle you're hunkered down
radius yeah yeah you would only see it
there but if anything outside of that
you're like that curved line okay oh
well do you cancel the turn by over
watched hunker down it's not my porn
name
I've decided hunker down when it's down
hunker down oh my god what's he doing
some minor stuff oh my god he just blew
up my shit this is good this is very
good this is good yes this is where me
in the crib we're gonna kill all these
fuckers in one shot okay great okay all
right all right Sam
I'm helping you more than I love this is
the first mission I'm quest so not like
I could just go up and shoot there let
me explain something scroll over near
the aliens in that area okay
all right you see the purple the purple
oh yeah that's
mine alright okay one thing these guys
are called sectoid that most people
cobra have a sick dog
okay one of them can mine merged with
the other and one of the two of them
gives more help and a higher chance to
get a critical hit on you okay
right but the danger with that is if you
killed the one that he's connected to
the weaker one they both die so what
we're gonna do is you're gonna run right
on move the camera rotate the camera bit
about this way yeah you see that hi
cover and that blue thing you're gonna
run right there I know it looks like
you're gonna be horribly expose yeah
we're gonna fix that out there well I do
I'm here you might still be able to do
it I don't know how are we apart we
throw grenades in there let's find out
so if I do this all right scroll up can
you fit all three of them yeah there all
day okay
now the proper grading is you don't get
like the weapon fragments but it's more
important to live okay you only do this
I want you to do that
using explosives I know this we've seen
in caves you break just just speaking
gibberish we had now but we got yelled
at we can't research now oh and we can't
get the thing it's done since we're
relying and that's more important okay
so should we go we're gonna we're gonna
keep well don't don't go anything
because I care for camp move no we're
gonna play a little bit safe on this
term move some of your guys forward but
don't go any further than her huh
okay well I'll move you to full cover
right over here go with that yeah see if
there's anything over here no don't see
anything over watch and then you maybe
will view over here see if there's any
jams over here
no no jams but you on overwatch and then
I got one more dude hey dude
and we'll have you come over here you
have to - but that's fine
ten for a me rice alien activity all
right
oh yeah you may as well start heading
there but you might might get the other
one in time maybe not but that's is that
- I'm constantly - oh my god that's a -
okay but we can hide behind this you can
words are becoming meaningless to me -
I'm just saying - over and over
terminology J but what do you do when
you say a word over then I'll get over
it loses all beanies and then it just
sounds like gibberish a word like hunker
down
I'm Deanne could we all just take a
moment interred in the commune I'm
cookie and mustard ooh
could we who scare the D um z aboot is
it Husker Du or whose car do the band
yeah who's good disco skirt okay
I say that with the authority of not
really knowing so you should know
they're not all right and then the next
mission check I'm giving you minimal
input okay yeah no this is this is good
this is
let's move slowly I'm trying to I'm
trying to move as slow as I can I'm
gonna move this guy a little bit you
want to cuz I just want him a little bit
closer okay
well you could probably get away with
yeah I just want to move there's no
aliens Oh whatever you do don't activate
an alien if you're gonna do this you'll
have
okay great and then you're already on
overwatch okay it's just that she threw
a grenade things are burning down
well the aliens are that way but the Mel
probably go to the belt first I want to
go for the mouth cuz the Mel blaze timer
the aliens don't right but now never
have a stone I always move like the
forward guy first
I do this okay I totally can
okay I just run in there and you can see
what happens you don't want if you know
you can always run back out sure if you
fuck you oh there's no one in here
well there might be someone in that dark
corner unlikely but yes here yeah I know
the aliens are over there actually on
the first mission I think there's only
two pods so I don't think there can be
anyone else other than the aliens are
behind you sure what practice practice
there might be an attack sure okay all
right get in here guys let's all get in
here it's all just really get in here
where you're gonna take this Jam so
what's the story by this game your
military aliens aliens are just to have
started landing on earth and they are
abducting off I never miss trying to do
something about it so we are the elite
it's it's all about finding their shit
I'm researching their shit building
better weapons and just trying to get on
a level with my feet with Elias
okay okay so now we can go see this Jam
yeah see you start off with like
conventional weapon hands and
bulletproof vest and you end with like
super lasers and harps how do we do
we're gonna run with you one right up
next to it and you should be able to do
it well I know what a mouse I just click
on it huh
with a controller there you hate to
collect secure meld collected all right
so now we go to the next thing okay so
now we can head back out to these guys
yes it's gonna start making your way
back out that these guys fun I think
they're like out here right well they're
probably in the building sure but I do
not even sure myself okay
now people are saying the game audio is
too loud make up your fucking mind
that's you gotta find the heavy you
gotta find a happy medium okay guys hold
on hold on how about how about there of
course there's no audio playing right at
the moment so you won't be able to tell
just yet
no I know yeah are you a Juggalo that's
a Juggalo thing
oh no way that was the sound of is that
the the Jimmy's name no no I know you
want to run outside with her because you
can't do line but don't don't spread
your guys out too much do you get those
guys in the back of the building closer
to you I wouldn't do that how do you
know what then I'm not gonna you can -
those guys up cuz you know this area is
safe yeah no no everyone's saying the
audio was fine before now it's too low
fucking with us I'm pretty sure they're
all fucking with us okay overwatch yep
and overwatch
and alien moves why do I know what poop
is a Juggalo thing because I'm down with
it I go to the gathering of the Juggalos
every year now Jesus Christ J oh my god
here I can get a guy in a roof which
will be great unless the aliens are
inside that building don't we want a guy
in a room well not if you can't shoot
aliens that are in a building you want a
guy in a roof if you can shoot something
sure sure rich or whatever Jack there
will be plenty of roofs well there yes
well there be yes I know this okay
overwatch MELD collected this person -
gobble JS adios - hi it's just too
lovable got aliens
you got aliens in it you got to take it
over why shot okay which will miss
because your soldiers have bad aim
because the rookies but technically it
was a good thing to put somebody on
overwatch my head on overwatch oh god
they all got a good cover all right oh
he's in half cover yeah I can't get the
full cover okay okay all right
this lady can get worse unless
furbishing go you may as well bring her
there all those aliens you're creepy
looking yeah yeah and then you can get
to this cover work okay why didn't you -
them anyone useful no no never I mean we
can get we can get - here ya go there oh
god time when we can name two half
colors up nothing full coverage full
cover okay overwatch overwatch scanning
alien activity
now I bear probably come on I want to go
over here everything right there yeah I
want to get behind there jams
you got nothing alien what are you doing
breaking a window
I'm in full cover bitch alright okay
okay
I got this I got like speed me up yeah
the little skinny's cam alright now when
you're playing on classic especially
with weaker troops grenades are your
friends grenades are my friend what what
I would do yeah I mean you can't you
can't do the same thing you did two
birds one stone to get the one that's
mine Mulder it's too deep in the
building I would throw a grenade at the
alien no it's not good grenades only do
three damage okay he's got four it'll
bring him down to one health but the
good thing about grenades is they
destroy most cover Oh
so the stripy grenade he won't die but
he'll be low on health and mostly
exposed okay let's see if we can do this
they're all exposed actually not mostly
I could do so like that yeah what do I
mean yeah and then you can shoot him but
probably probably get a hit with one of
the other guys other guys okay let's do
this let's do this
frag out bouncing in Oh boom so then we
go over to this gym Oh 74% is that good
for a wookie yes okay
but rookies sign oh this XCOM is a
lesson and not gambling sure where did
you go did you - yeah I'm gonna flank
I'm gonna flank them
Oh goodbye okay that's I got this guy's
as good as you can hope for
everybody misses well that's fine that's
fine
Oh what's he doing and he did a mind
merge that's fine but I'm not that guy
is gonna be so fucking flanks he doesn't
even know what's going on he doesn't
even know him right here or he does he
miss no shit we got that gone good
he probably won't he's got nothing oh
he's on overwatch he's got nothing
can I do this oh wait see okay
Sam stop look and decide see what
everybody else see what everyone else
has shot on okay
no fire nothing what is the other guy
have a good eye here can 46% all right
is that the only ilium you can see where
she is
oh yeah are those all right you see the
one by the door and the one behind the
van are they in the same grenade range
can you throw a grenade and take both
out with the one who's an unknown maybe
maybe maybe uh let's turn the camera
around so you can see the other one
like swing the camera see yeah I know
you can't swing right here and okay
right its controller so I don't know
okay yes try it
the restaurant but okay still grenade
yourself oh yes I just noticed we could
do that okay here we go whoa I even get
a catchy one-liner okay you don't wanna
all right you know what it's okay
no targets available um put the camera
back around I'm not a mover 1 square
over to the high cover 2 like this you
do that no not the other side okay to
this side yeah if you move the other the
site you were going to yeah then they
only easily flanked you the next term
feels sure okay so now that Greg did
destroy its cover so you might be able
to help
yeah 60% that's okay that's okay it's
worth taking I did it but the right
people like he you just killed yeah I
can I killed the correct people NATO
soldiers I know I told you not to - ever
but can you get to that high cover up
there yeah the one further over where
you can't shoot you over sir I'd go
there okay all right I know I told you
never Titan I know but I now want you to
do this this is why taking advice is
tough sometimes all right I want to get
I want to say at one point never cross
the streams and at the end they had to
cross the streams
what that's Jay that's not the worst
idea jack
that's not the way can unless he goes
over I don't nothing possibly move that
far to hit you from like you're kind of
excited cuz that wall fell under your
track nose I'm gonna try it
probably an overwatch but no we didn't
see him go on okay oh oh
did you tell you're gonna fuck up my
world not kind of kinda that's not bad
Oh panicked what is that Oh Oh God
this is where what your panic now jean
chain panic
what chain panic panic is bad what what
your guys your guys are fighting aliens
and they're freaking out
if somebody gets alright this is where
the will comes in the point ah there's
psychic ship but though that's we want
probably won't even get to that there's
like a low a will for each soldier and a
soldier with low will is more prone to
panicking so if like you're solely if
they get they if they get shot they see
one of their friends die they might go
into panic which means you can't do
anything with them for a turn and they
they even might freak out and shoot at
their own guys oh my god yeah 25% is not
a good chance what else what else do you
got the other guy it was not panicked uh
I can move him here where she might have
a better shot but he's always but he's
got a grenade
so okay he'll be dead this turn no
matter what you do um so I could do here
anything Frank move him up on that half
cover this one yeah okay and go back to
her I go back to her she's got a forty
five percent chance to hit yeah you may
as well take it because if you kill him
without the grenade you get the weapon
for sure all right right minutes that's
okay grenade this s okay and next
mission is all you oh Jesus okay now
don't grenade my own people
no but I'll hit him here yeah and he eat
this that's my cat you on liner
whoo what were some of our one-liners
for space cub nonsensical ones I tell
him we don't know logical but I would
never what they were Surf's Up I think
okay we did it all right we got it our
first mission not bad not bad
Oh
apparently what I would've done
apparently using a grenade on your
shoulder regenerates their shields yeah
we'll try that next time we're using a
weapon
Agron using a grenade on their soldiers
actually Regeneron stereos it's funny I
listened remove skeleton we get it
upgrade resistance I figured out you
know I'm picking up on this shit now
yeah situation new jerks
most of you nerds are speaking gibberish
to me all right all right now we can
name some soldiers oh all right that's
it let's see what your promotion got you
know they got three rats having an
assault and sniper not bad not bad
okay so promote do i yeah okay the first
one it's not rocket science you only
have one in Boca creech other one you
can see there's like two like cowards
you can pick it from me oh great two
abilities okay well okay so you're a
rocket er yeah running gun run line a
lot of fire you can use running run you
can fire on a - great
bitch massive amounts of damage from
snipers start off pretty lame yeah by
the time you get higher up in the
rankings they are absolutely deadly oh
we got a lot of stuff great that's great
it's all fine okay so all right now
before you do anything yeah we don't
want your scientists to be sitting
around doing nothing of research no
research and pick a research project
okay dr. Farland this is my very bad
German accent oh no oh god that reminds
me that there was a crazy German
scientist at the amazing spider-man 2 I
was hanging to talk about that in the
discussion oh my god it was embarrassing
it wasn't that comical like like 50s
b-movie éxito so stupid isn't it the
worst when you like meet someone and
they think they do a really good accent
oh oh dear okay start a new research
project let's hear meld recombination oh
but we don't really care about that
xenobiologist just think about what's
your whatever okay we don't have enough
Frank was the important ones and that
that selection were the weapons
fragments and so then we go to
engineering yeah this tutorial you go a
little cutscene I'm I'm dr. cargo shorts
he literally has cargo shorts with a CJ
I'm comfortable and I can carry many key
build facilities probably right um what
we have let's see what a medkit or a
satellite we got that or we have now
okay now yours I guess we'll talk about
some strategy ish type of things right
now sure there's there's something in
this game called panic fortunately can
you go to the war room is there an issue
there Ian still off-limits now how this
works is how you lose XCOM is when seven
countries drop out of the XCOM
organization whole thing bolts you lose
your funding for everybody you lose the
game so if it's like a country panics
too much of you do if the country goes
into the red there's like five stages of
panic this two blue ones couple yellow
ones then the last one is red at the end
of the month any country that's in the
red for panic drops up okay okay okay
the way you stave off panic is like if
you're near the end of the month and you
got like a country on the red or like on
the yellow you might want to put a
satellite over that country alright
satellites are expensive and they take
like 20 days to build so you got you
gotta plan ahead with your satellites so
so I would spend a hundred right now
have Shen start building you a satellite
okay so fill the item yeah so start
building satellites that building
satellite and it's just one yep okay
well you weren't probably not to be able
to afford to build to I had three
hundred we might we might we might we
might want other things I just don't
just okay sure okay I think actually
here's the other reason you can't do
that go to out one screen that go to
build facilities yeah to build
satellites you need satellite uplinks oh
okay for each satellite uplink you only
get two satellites oh Jesus Christ
you start off with one so if you wanted
to build more than one satellite now
you'd have to build another uplink okay
so you have to build another uplink and
if you wanna build another uplink you
gotta worry about having enough power
stations to power at the satellite up so
for now we're just doing one set
okay do I need to build any of these
facilities um Steve what how because
these are actually like underground I
don't think you can build another uplink
right now kind of generator Sears here's
another one of the aspects of the game
well I'll get into this week you know
what we'll go back to this later I'll
explain some of this once we should get
a host yeah okay let's go to the
barracks and we can start naming people
yay
okay view soldiers Hey
all right so there was somebody you
wanted a name do we have anybody from
Sweden today everyone from Serena we oh
yeah we do let me go back go back look
at the country save this somebody from
Sweden in your barracks oh my god do we
have one sweetest friend is that keep
going down no that's that's another ones
this Norway that's Norway that's yeah
there we go there's a Swedish guy okay
yeah someone asked me to name them and I
need to find their Leon Ness I want to
say his name is what I wrote it down
well I'm seeing all these pizza rolls
pop up so I'm guessing those are old
people for pizza rolls people who
subscribe to the stream will get named
this is one special case and everybody
else is gonna be a pizza roll guy that
everyone else is gonna be defeats a roll
guy is uh can we name them after the
members of the Insane Clown Posse my
favorite band
nope okay
yo okay
there is lianas Oh a family I didn't do
it right
confirm last name nothing apparently we
needed some sort of last name um SSSs
okay okay
I hope this thank you hey sir get B's
here Oh sir QP is our is our very first
but non are LM moderator and so sir
Kippy gets a and get to cut see game get
to name the top I got what's happening
once we already used and sherry let's
see how it's fine now people are telling
us the names of the Insane Clown Posse
if they really want to do that no Vito
Shaggy 2 dope that's one of their names
here we go so this is gonna be so you're
sticking to be right here customized
first name it sir sir
our lovely modeling us out with all the
chance all the jammie-jams dessert campy
okay who else we got here hey we're
gonna lady to do everything ladies in
the chat no ladies in the chair I mean
there people are yesterday no be
double-oh-seven
okay well are you from Canada er now is
that is that so where the pizza Oh
master Kenobi yeah
first name master okay last time yeah
you type it in Kenobi thanks s oh my god
this cordis or smaller short well no
there's a couple ladies Hey okay Kenobi
okay firm confirm all right let's see
who else we got here
all right all right what's one of our do
we have a ladies room it's relating
through suggested Megan LaFox Megan what
about a what about Michael one okay okay
Michael one is apparently a just change
the last name because it's short because
I think that's the one that shows up on
them oh yeah sure how's that spelled
where they go Maya I don't know you know
what can't we can't we can't tease
Michael like that we said Micah's name
and then can't spell it on a scroll up
how was that Micah one lever spell too
many jams purple name with a pizza roll
next to it oh yeah I was a pizza roll
and apparently they were a cutie oh
there it is mm I why am i why AC what a
sheen
all right Amy her name is your name is
Amy no good just - - okay this one is
fun all right let's see those we got we
got a couple we'll do a couple more
here's a Beatrice it's rule odd mutation
a mutation okay first name mutation oh
my god nitesh oh my god oh my god
wrong or something nah why that's keeper
I'm pick the rookies I use the keyboard
outside all right we'll do it we'll do
one more John first when I see here's
junky low three John kilo three first
name John the same key no three all
right now let's get back to it
all right all right we'll come back and
we'll pay more we'll make more as needed
and then can we like is that all we can
do this horse like upgrading this shit
yeah they need X number of kills where
you know great a little say after a
mission okay if they're due for a
promotion you're soulless we don't need
to okay so now where should we go we're
gonna go to the mission control mission
control yeah and scan for activity all
right is this moves time forward in the
game let's do it on the bottom right
this is like how many days your research
has yeah how many days of the satellites
build you don't want to ignore that shit
well no I'm just seeing what I wasn't
coming to view abduction sites South
Africa all right now see this bar here
yeah this is panic I said that you panic
obviously the to blue you know so it's
fairly low but sure could be better
Germany's got two and China's got better
right here's here's how panic works okay
yeah if you the country you pick the the
panic will like reduced by one yeah and
the panic for every other cut
three in that continent will just stay
the same Oh unless you do like really
good I think it might go down for every
country in that comment the the other
two yeah the ones you don't pick panic
will go up by two on that individual
country and one in every other country
in that continent Jesus yes yes managing
panic is pain in the ass so you probably
want to pick one of the two with - I'm
good Melanie ball you want to look at
the rewards to Germany gives me four
engineers four scientists engineers are
vital yeah so you could pick scientists
but at some point you hit a wall even if
the scientists invent something neat you
might need so many engineers to build it
anyway right so engineers are good okay
all right let's go to Germany that
Germany hi who we take we're taking
we're taking uh my AK Kenobi Gympie
we're gonna we're gonna change that
somebody you're like that's so clear
unit yep and add unit where did I take
Leon
Jerry should we get all rookies er no
you want to you want to level up some
guys - okay I I wouldn't take any more
than one Ricky alright you can help it
hi let's do it
until you until you get a squat upgrade
actually as long as you got four guys it
as long as they're available I would
make sure everybody is not a rookie okay
let's go then
doing it going to Germany in our and our
shield Helicarrier
it's much too small to be a shilling
both or not what's what's the little
ones called what's the ones from agents
the quinjets yeah this looks like a
shell but I know the Avengers have a
Quinjet oh all right
begin assault let's go motherfuckers
what do the aliens want being really
fucking lame I say that Oh spoiler
you're spoiling a three-year-old game
okay neutralize all hostile targets okay
insecure mouth cancers okay launching go
go go go go
I'll say that they do want to alter
human beings in unspeakable ways
oh what's that like it could be cool
okay
all this is great this is now this is
mostly all you this is gonna be out of
me I might give just the most general
bits of advice but if you see me like
completely fucking out if absolutely
what if things start going self yeah
I'll start giving advice okay all right
I'm gonna see if I can take this
building see if I can take this building
see if I can take this building see if I
can take this building
