FrOg FrAcTiOnS
December 3, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxGVKEyxZIw

I think so yes yes okay hold on people
come here rich
hi let me change the yeah you should
plug that everything else in a row
views
hi guys we're gonna play some frog
fractions in just a second there I love
that machination know what magnet action
isn't that great yeah that's a beautiful
the MacBook magnet power supply thingy
this is what you wanted people or you
didn't
okay play five fractions okay cool how
do you play can I eat the fruit why is
the fruit falling surprised eventually
knock you know it ripens that's right
take a break it's official I haven't
played this well I think you move back
and forth grade I think that's an
upgrade lock on targeting available this
iPhone Seoul Auto track and cut helps
you keep it going red listed by MCA what
is this it's a game trust me it's good
okay this is good sure I won't lock on
targeting now I can't move anywhere okay
that's probably why I never think about
the words front friction what we have a
white right voice what
okay static cling tongue too expensive
cybernetic brain anything irregular I'm
bringing you this new fangled cybernetic
from a brain can do better
cut eight assortments you have 1313 what
I want a turtle friend oh okay now oh
hey now I can okay now you can catch the
privilege great this rich this is a baby
game
no it's transmits great oh my applying
this this is great
what have a I like highlighted something
what the fuck rich this is my fractions
well I get that so let her catch the
fruit balls
I'm trying I don't look very fast why
are we playing this cuz we're flying it
this seems like a weird game to play
okay now we have thirteen sort myths I
can have a cybernetic brain I guess I
can get a cybernetic brain hi why why
why is this a cosmic joke no no it's not
a cosmic joke is this okay this is a
joke a teacher actions no they're not
yes they are they're saying fractions
oh-oh-oh
cuz I got fruit so I can use yeah yeah
you can collect for a good buy things
over oh great uninstall lock-on
targeting what
what everyone's saying
just keep playing okay okay want to see
for infractions they've been begging to
see this game since we started wait oh
wait oh I have to tighten now what okay
jesus H Christ so I'm - what is that why
am i typing now I was Jesus Christ
upgrade your fruit - durians they smell
awful so bugs will take longer oh that
seems like a good oh oh wait
dragon upgrade your turtle friend to a
dragon friend Abel of his new Dragon
wait but I can't move anymore cuz I'm
typing well then that says a growler
station drain it's pretty good
Johnny's pretty good thanks premium okay
I got a dragon oh I can move again Oh
what the fuck
it's a bullet hello what the fuck indeed
fuck is this it's from friction yeah you
keep saying that you might ask me more
listen I keep telling you what it is
that does not do a good job of answering
my question of why game game game make
fun game make fun also the music's gaem
might turn me insane warp drive
it's it'll cost twenty-five thousand
fruit hey now
so I guess we need that right you you
can you can upgrade as you think you
should I don't want to I don't want to
uninstall lock-on targeting that seems
to work really well so I'll make all the
fruits durian fruits and we mentioned
that all of these sound effects I'm just
a guy going oh that's why I want on
install it I got target this will broke
sometimes
I don't know about this I don't get this
rich I don't understand why we're
playing a baby game this is a fun baby
game let's go what price oh shit I have
to tape again what
oh hey good an AK its own store hey what
am i Sunstone that's why I saw you think
oh yeah yes you for that work drive yet
no I only have nine fruit but wait this
gives me lock on targeting again I sure
do miss Lee
I don't know rich oh well back on the
dragon back on the dragon dragon going a
little bit lower on the screen if you're
having trouble dodging oh my god did you
just give me the secret I tried it's
more fun if you discover in your own
okay now I have like a billion so I
guess I have to go back up now
I would have just been I would kept
playing this right I know I know
so I think the chat must be really mad
at you know for ruining no they kept
telling me to tell you they were getting
impatient oh okay I gotta follow white
mr. president can you go and get it is
it down here no I have an indignity
meter before that work drive I can also
uninstall I can tell you watch it yes I
went out and saw lights all right
just because I want I want to I want to
see if I can reinstall it again I want
to see like how long oh yeah oh oh no I
got one too indignity how embellish it
love it
how embarrassing No
okay so now I have to choose the work
right
there is an install thing though
what is that a Christmas tree talking to
me rich yes
what is this magic it's complete madness
oh my god wait do I have to eat the
fruit yes we have like a billion all
right sorry it's fun I don't never have
to worry about that oh my god that's a
burger doctor to me makes America great
do a barrel roll
I can't there can i ha mein dignity I
already know what I kind of want that
like I'm targeting again yeah you should
have kept it sugar captain
so how long does this go
good flying with you
I'm doing as that was an actual Facebook
what watch watch
what because of course I am
okay the soundtrack I even remember what
song trips it sounds like something out
of a mid-90s anime okay
destroy the Khobar what shit with intent
to purloin our delicious space bird how
do we play them hey you told me China we
played you can't playing the king you
got me wrong dude my name is mr. Lee no
choice but to book you he's shot just a
minimum sentence of 20 years under labor
there's a special offer this week I'd be
like to become an emphasis and fun but
Mars
how do you feel about bribes oh you're
right okay I don't have pockets all you
need to do is pass a test on the history
and culture of this fine planet shall we
begin our bug flag has four bug stripes
what do they represent a little bit on
the nose isn't it
you can't blame bug betsy ross for that
one next question on the series baggage
area / what is bug Snooki's favorite
flavor of ice cream I know this one okay
so wrong and it's alright four score and
twenty years ago bug and chief bug
Thomas Jefferson wrote in a declaration
of bugs that we are blessed with which
an alien right the right to bugs
although reserves Ahmed says is the only
right you'll ever need during the War of
1812 general Stonewall block Jackson
held off the nefarious frog Armada
single-handedly how many mecha frogs did
he crush under the wheels of his
Mercedes bugs this is hurting my brain
none he didn't learn to drive stick
until after his divorce whoo what a
nested bus last questions mr. hatten how
do you feel about fractions oh my god oh
my god
if I say I love him he'll know I'm a
frog right now because obviously frogs
love fractions and all right so I can't
say that I love them so I'm gonna say I
was told there'd be no math on this exam
correct no math at all yes I'm the Prez
miss out
no this is the first perfect score our
fake naturalization program has ever
seen we were going to fire you into the
Sun but instead we decided to issue you
a work visa you'll just have to sign
here yeah okay we have to go Twitter
play again
wait hi why am i eating them again oh
I'm on my dragon it's okay bye-bye
it's nice seeing you
rich uh-huh I don't want to play this
anymore
why not this is insanity there's more to
it there oh good
I was worried into your cd-rom drive
what a lock on target oh good oh good
the lock-on targeting is available
looking at me I was oh fuck we're typing
again mr. watch a I'm sure I did yes
onion we install the work driving Club
Marsh we run four bars now we had to go
to book court no your fraud
yeah yeah become a bug naturalized
citizen though
this Jesus Christ I can't tonight
how many Technic to fucking type this
I'm sure I'm missing up here did you
miss the other ones the other one first
after they care what order you do them
in let's want to say oh I was just
spelling it wrong apparently I did so ah
I can't afford it yet oh this is a
well-trained team of marketers ensure
that the public has the correct
impression of you for two thousands or
collects those orchids but I don't have
any sort mints I only have like a
billion fruit what I also ji have
installed and uninstalled lock-on
targeting like can you go down again oh
my god well no I wasn't up my dragon
that time it'll be no thanks oh and now
my my dragon by the way I forgot that I
could go down yeah
did you plea don't shit your pants or
you just been playing this this I were
in the same game of this and it just got
weird it just got weird okay GG's
printing press operator Andre Felipe
boxing was a gentlemen's game night two
men would square off and regale each
other with stories monotonous for days
on end until one of them felt
groan from boredom or exhaustion I see
Jax over the next few years the new
sport developed a respectable following
of a few hundred local socialites well
your dragon now you're riding a dragon
Oh
your frog riding a dragon that has more
pride on Mars
okay under the seat of bookmark this is
an educational game to help teach kids
about fractions
it was Felipe's son Andre Philippe
Philippe who developed what he called
the punching strategy in 1637 him to
fall down these tell me the history of
boxing he was describing what he had had
for breakfast that morning Andre walked
up and thumped him in the neck sending
him down for the count in the parlance
of all time this is utter insanity then
I don't know I don't think it is I can't
stop playing nor should you what was
universally agreed that the boy had
violated the spirit of the game
officials were unable to find any actual
rule that is violating and were forced
to let the victory stand this upset
caused an uproar in the boxing community
large enough to spill over into local
newspapers which drew the interest of
many outsiders to come see what all the
fuss was about the knew early on when
you were killing the flies they would
pop up or like a random fraction
but now I have us riding a dragon I
haven't seen the fraction in a while
okay I found
I'm founder George Richert was
responsible
today's boxing enthusiasts fantasize
about a newcomer that would drop the
ring the way Philippe did classification
of the modern ruleset has essentially
locked the punching strategy into place
but it's easy to get caught up in
fantasy young scholars with big dreams
often enter the ring with their crazy
new trick usually a variant of hypnosis
and though they've achieved the
occasional victory none of the gimmicks
have been robust enough to make it to
the big time to shake but I'm just like
swimming around on the dragon's head in
an ocean on Mars I know well I'm in the
idea that it's a game about fractions
like a joke like that's what it is yeah
yeah it's it's surreal
I realize is that hungry Felipe's
original vision of boxing is still
around gentlemen's boxing clubs can be
found in cities all over the world come
to watch a few hours of a match and then
they have idea here and every once in a
while it seems like he started designing
a game and then like rolled game
mechanics dice and then someone else
wrote the story it's funny
Oh wakefulness nipple ring oh I found a
rocket at the bottom I think in the
ocean of Mars I'll pilot all the sound
effects is a guy with a microphone going
oh that's pretty great is that it
no the rumbling items who have stopped
and you feel the intense downward
pressure let up after a moment you've
calmed down enough to start taking in
your surroundings for the first time
since the seemingly dormant vessel
sprang to life
command module the walls of the circular
room curved to meet up at a point that
must correspond to the curved nose of
the outer hull lining the walls you see
a porthole a glowing display and a
control deck a ladder leads aft if you
don't know how to get started type help
and press Enter
what next you're not playing a text
adventure I'm okay okay you see if it's
inspect things you can do with porthole
through the porthole you can see a
background of stars shifting as the ship
oddly spins what the fuck indeed
austrial prosess Betty thank you for
subscribing is Betty the one we hate
well the last one was Linda osteoporosis
Betty
Linda subscribes and I was
fuck Oh Betty erlan I get them I get
them mixed up I'm just gonna assume
Betty's the fuck up okay
damn you Betty thank you for subscribing
inspect glowing display
help
I just I just ball examine ball or just
X go oh okay X blowing this way hon why
you click X what it says if you want to
examine the ball or just X ball oh but I
clicked X we move about and finally
remember to adventure games next click
click look display click type okay look
at display a glowing green display shows
a map of the galaxy with a destination
you don't recognize marked and an ETA of
about 3000 years looking closer you see
two on-screen buttons labeled route
details and new destination ernõ no
press press button no jack when I played
this yeah I got through the text
adventure legit people are telling me
you can cheat somebody saying tight quit
if you don't want to fuck around with us
hold on ok press Jack wants to play this
that's fine no I'm just saying not
everybody can handle the text adventure
I can understand that yeah ok press new
destination the nav computer dumps you
into an interface so obtrusive one
abstruse so at is that a real word
abstruse probably not Esther's I've
never heard that it's true so it's
probably made up ok um to an interface
that's so abstruse that before you even
consciously process what is happening
you've hit the back button and are at
the main map again Oh what's in this
room around the walls of this circular
room curved to meet up at the point that
must correspond to the curved nose of
the outer hall lining the walls you see
a porthole are going display in a
control deck the ladder leaves aft use a
ladder use wait I don't remember exactly
what to do but no
as a general rule in the adventure game
if you can do something you should the
control deck consists of an array of
switches and a pair of joysticks let's
hope you never need to override the
ship's autopilot because these are
definitely not frog toy sticks okay
take our use liner use lab you'll have
to be more specific as you okay
like climb climb up ladder
this looks like an all-purpose living
area sleeping pad sits next to a
nightstand a ladder leads to the fore
and oriental rug lies at the center of
the aft wall look at rug the decorative
art of oriental rugs it's in the center
of the room looking at it more closely
it doesn't quite lay flat on the floor
there's a significant dip around the
middle
lift up rug rug Oh move drug moving the
rug you discover a recessed hatch blow
it haha your score has gone up by two
fifths of a boy friction Russians you
motherfuckers okay open hatch you have
to work it a bit but after you give the
wheel a few spins the hell oh by the way
we have we updated the stream that we're
playing for ark fractions Oh No quick
this button right here Jesus Christ I'm
so sorry but give me this for a second
yeah Jesus Christ I'm I apologize
everyone we have not been doing our jobs
oh we're playing frog frog fractions is
listed in here oh my god ok ok ok sorry
ok now we're back to it ok
open hatch you have to work it a bit but
after you give the wheel a few spins the
hatch pops open go
down match okay engine room
nearly every surface in this room is
covered with a sticky pink goop which
seems to be thicker near a gray machine
is sitting in the corner a hole in the
wall exposes a nest of wires there is a
hatch leading back to the captains
quarters to the for what next look a
thin coating of sticky pink goop covers
every circus of the roof surface of the
room look at gray machine the machine
consists of a spigot and and a flat
platform a handwritten sheet of paper
has been hastily taped over the base of
the platform breed paper I don't
understand that verb Oh read paper this
is the out of order note included in
your game package oh it sounds so down
oh you are passionate about text
adventure you early you've discovered
something about yourself
I've never this is the first text
adventure I've ever played so you had
will be the last you have to do more
out-of-the-box thinking than you do in
the click I know and I love it
I know and a great look at the great
machine wait can I see the out of order
note read out well okay sure okay
this grand machine this mission gives us
to get handed a flat platform
and at a flat platform can I turn the
spigot it's not clear how to get the
spigot to work okay there's something
else in that room right you look around
the room again share room look around
yeah yeah sure
nearly every surface in this room is
covered with a sticky pink goop which
seems to be thicker near a gray machine
sitting in the corner a hole in the wall
exposes a nest of wires there's a hatch
that's what that's what we're missing
look that hole and wall looking it's
dead all right this is what you get
people I could turn classical music but
I didn't mean I just meant in the actual
game Oh ed silence okay um look at hole
in wall okay look at all okay peering
into the exposed machinery you see what
looks like an empty coffee can that
you're guessing doesn't belong there can
you think okay can't it looks like a
coffee can you can't really make out how
much details are there good take
okay I'll take you yeah you twist the
can and it eventually comes loose but
you've ripped the insulation off of an
adjacent wire and the prop in the
process and it begins sparking as it
comes in contact with an adjacent strut
you glance down at what you've taken huh
it really is just a coffee can cut damn
it
and a whole there's a bare wire in there
sparking as it makes contact with an
adjacent struck it I got it I got it oh
where you try to pull the wire away from
the nearby components but it returns to
its natural position touching the strut
so you can move it but it comes back
right Oh coffee you can back oh no what
is the goop look at pink a thin coating
of sticky pingu covers every surface in
the room Nick OOP the goop is stuck to
the sir oh the goop is stuck to the
service what's the spit spit
wait taste goop you're not hungry
the spigot wouldn't move before it's
something it's not something you move
spigot asleep like a faucet right I
wanted to turn this bigot I go to spigot
you guys would look at the machine is
there like a lever or something on the
machine look and machine
okay look at the machine the machine
consists of a spigot aimed at a flat
platform a handwritten sheet of paper
has been hastily taped over the base of
the platform note that it's a spigot
aimed at a flat platform put Cup on
platform oh that's right we have a
coffee can
yeah that's right place cam on platform
you place the client can below the
spigot to turn speaker it's not clear
how to get the spigot to work its to get
aimed at a flat platform so now we have
a coffee can underneath the spinning o
punch spigot that's what I do you can't
just go breaking things on a spaceship
you'll punch a hole in the hole okay olá
covering nearly every surface in this
room is covered with us to keep in goop
which seems to be thicker near grey
machine sitting in the corner a hole in
the wall expose the nest of wires there
is a hatch leading back to the captain's
quarters to the four have we been to the
captain's quarters in leading back to
the captain's quarters that's where we
work yeah what's what's in the room
let's take taking inventory okay okay I
can't do so we have sticky pink goop
that we can't pick up right but it's by
a spigot we can assume we might need it
because we have a comfort and that can
go under the spigot the cup is under the
spigot but we can't move the spigot well
speak it wouldn't be what I'm assuming
releases the goop right right so
obviously we need to get goop we gotta
go so we know that we know that what
else is in the room this is just how you
play you said you think about what you
can do I don't think anything is I got a
hole we got wire wait take care of the
wire I guess we could go back to the to
the captain's quarters and see if there
was anything we missed in there you
could yeah have you played this right I
know I know I know you're into this I
don't want to tell you how to solve okay
so I know I don't remember all the
details but you
I know things you can do like I know how
to solve the wire problem sure you want
a hint oh hold on look around I'm gonna
I'm just gonna look at like there yeah
example yeah commands turn knob push
button at your phone booth climb stairs
open box right pamphlet I mean turn
spigot is that a thing
I play how to get the spigot to work we
need to figure out how to get this
spigot to work just look look look gray
machine one more time sir are we sure
there's not another button on there get
that to work I'm just I don't remember
the machine kiss it consists of a spigot
aimed at a flat platform there's an
empty coffee can sitting under the
spigot a handwritten sheet of paper has
been hastily taped over the base of the
platform and it says out of order the
sheet of paper has been taped to the
platform over the base of the platform
yeah the paper or anything paper you rip
the note off leaving a fluttering piece
of electronical tape behind and
revealing a control panel this is very
outside to buy I know that's why I love
this I kind of love this Ridge I don't
know he's seen a clicking point you
would just click on that oh that moves
yeah this you have to think about it
it's great you might be convincing me to
play a real text event yeah yeah okay
okay okay
most of the control panel is rendered
unusable by the sticky pink goop you see
a row of what look like radio preset
buttons all but two of which are stuck
there's also a big red lever
none of these are legibly labeled okay
you see a row of what looks like radio
preset buttons
oh so like the buttons okay I'll which
two of which are stuck there's also a
big red lever I mean we pull the lever
obviously dispensing mom's speciality
the machine says a thick stream of pink
goop streams out it mostly gets
everywhere but the coffee can't does end
up filled yes
you grab the can a few drops land in
your mouth and you recognize the flavor
bacon milkshake atmospheric anomaly
detected a different voices a whirring
sound ensues and the bulk of the goop is
sucked into invisible vents leaving just
enough goop floating around to be gross
and annoying atmosphere purified the
voice says triumphantly what next okay
okay that was a bad sentence today
that's what she said I'm sorry everybody
I'm sorry for typing such a dirty put
goop in whole put goop on wire why the
fuck would you want to do that to
insulate the wire that's touching the
thing I thought that's the whole reason
we got to goop was so we can put the
goop on the wire so it doesn't spark
against the shrub no oh no I don't think
you know much about Google yes there's
another there's an other way to take
care of the wire this Matt that much I
do remember I have this to show I have
the goop in a can that's everything in
the room was think about what you can do
with him
look around I'll just look around yeah
nearly every surface in this room is
covered with a sticky pink goop which
seems to be thicker near great machine a
hole in the wall exposes a nest of wires
there's a hatch leading back to the
captains quarters and the four blobs of
sticky pink goop would drift around the
room
it was Rennie on the machine yep look at
the machine is there anything a machine
will do art look art machine what look
art machine oh the yeah there are two
more buttons to press press buttons no
bottom the raised button clicks into
place and the previously selected
buttons pop up local currencies as a
robotic voice pole lever the machine
whirs dispensing local currency of
voices the machine whirs dispensing
local currency voices a thick stream of
Zork meds for friends we got rich guys
leftover beefcake thank you for
subscribing
we got Zork vids beefcake see what other
files bounce off the flat platform and
scatter or longer room I'll pick up Zork
myths currency apparently is work meds
you spend a few minutes gathering up the
scattered Zork meds your score has gone
up by a third of a point okay uh press
the raise button clicks into place
and the previously selected button pops
up mom specialities as a mother mom's
speciality know there was another button
oh but I suppose that Salt's yeah okay
oh okay so now I have some Zork meds
what is a Zork Minh
look at his work mid yep that should be
enough oh wait
purchase upgrade I don't know
oh go thinking nice thinking I could use
my Azure crewmate mids to purchase an
upgrade so it doesn't want me to put
those orchids in the whole dozen this I
know there's something you miss there's
something I'm missing okay so there's
two buttons on the machine and I press
both and pull the lever I have Zork meds
and Mac and it's not the only thing on
the machine that's my head look at panel
most of the control panel is rendered
unusable by the sticky pink goop you see
a row of won't look like radio preset
buttons all but two of which are stuck
there's also a big red lever
no it's there's the two buttons yes
there's the note on the machine right
yeah how was the note on the machine you
sneaky so I don't know if you're here
for this I ripped the note off of the
surface yeah and then I didn't reveal
the panel underneath the note but it
said specifically that it lets a piece
of electrical tape oh my god like
trickle tape even yes that that one took
me a while
that one that one got me caught oh so
that's why that's why I'm I hope to
their use tape on wire oh my god you
wrap the tape around the bare wire
insulating it your score has gone up by
one and two thirds point this is intense
I am loving funny you're sweating cuz
you read too much we could play Zork at
some point
what's Zork that's the text adventure oh
my god there's also the older the older
Sierra games it's like a hybrid
graphical with text you can walk
but everything you do is done by typing
in what you do
oh wait that sounds like yeah what I bet
that would be a fungus tree yeah okay
let's do that not right now no no okay
what okay so I did everything everything
in this room okay so now I go to mid
might want you just do enter catch I
don't think you straight there
it might catch Captain's Quarters
alright this looks like an all-purpose
living area sleeping pod sits next to a
nightstand a ladder leads up to the four
you've pulled the rug to one side
revealing a hatchway leading aft okay so
um sleeping pod and a nightstand look at
nightstand the nightstand offers a
single drawer which is posed okay you
open the drawer revealing a thick manual
okay manual it's a manual for the
navigation computer in the command
module after leafing through it you feel
confident you're under you feel
confident you understand how to use the
interface well enough to set up a route
back to bug Mars your score has gone up
by two and an eighth point poorly barely
we should check out the sleeping pods
yep the sleeping pod looks like a bed
with a lid but you have to assume it's
got some sort of suspended animation
functionality I mean right there's a
hole on top right next to a gauge
reading empty
goodbye adios Jane have a nice one
goodbye chair everybody have a good
night
you see it works
you bring the can close to the hole and
the hole sucks the pink goop right in
the nearby gauge fills up your score has
gone up by nine halves of a point what
do I do now wait so the sleeping pilot
hasn't laid but you have to assume it's
got some sort of suspended animation I
mean right there's a hole on top
can I get in bed get in bed you can't
simply sleep until you're confident that
you've returned to bug Mars by the
amateur oh sure okay
you saw the log of the puzzle so oh yeah
great um go to what was in the book the
command module yeah that's what I want
to go to
the kids I want me to tell you what to
do I think they're getting antsy oh I'm
sorry
you don't realize how much Jack is
enjoying them silver he's got a big
smile on his face and you know what I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna ruin this Jack
has just discovered the text adventure
that's pretty neat I mean I don't know
if it's sad that this is my first text
adventure game you know that's what well
you and I are of different generations
and it's like I've just never come up
before where I've had an opportunity to
play a text adventure and it's using a
part of my brain that you know the
crocodile some of the earliest games I
played where the Sierra adventure games
about that yeah yeah that's correct
I loved it this is great I only Anders
oh did I spell that wrong command module
yeah but we can't see a smile due to
lack of face cam ha can't you hear it in
my voice oh yeah I know I can hear in
your voice
I'm looking at spending a lot of time
how do you spell module on screen um mo
do you oh yeah okay thank you okay
you clamor across the liner command
module the walls of this circular room
curve to meet up at the point of the
cars nose lining the walls you see a
porthole going splay and a control there
okay cool go to control
look at it look control deck oh oh sure
oh it's not a deck it's just like a yeah
I'm not sure I don't I don't remember
some of this so um the control deck
consists of an array of switches and a
pair of joysticks let's hope you never
need to override the ship's autopilot oh
do I need to go to the do I need to go
to the display I don't remember I really
honestly don't remember the solution to
this and just say something about an
autopilot yeah and I think that was in
the display a girl glowing at his face
shows a map of the galaxy with a
destination you don't recognize Mars and
an ETA about three thousand years
looking closer you see that's great
buttons route details and nudists oh
okay here we go press read huh I am not
a good time I don't know if I've ever
told you this but I am NOT a touch
typist I'm a huntin picker you deftly
plot a course back to bug Mars the
engines roar and you feel g-forces shift
the ETA reads 57 and three-fifths ears
uh-huh you run a diagnostic and
determined that the vast majority of the
time is going to be spent going through
bug customs luckily you can sleep
through Marmot your score has gone up by
three and three thirds go too bad yeah I
think you have to go back to the chamber
in the room and everything yeah text
adventures yeah um yes that's why this
year a game tonight's don't like a
hybrid yeah I would like some visuals to
go yeah yeah we will stream Space Quest
okay
ah you know what was the cult pray or
something with that's you know your loss
look helps in the mental you don't say
that
oh sure you know what yeah if I just say
it look around yeah um oh ladder I have
to go up the ladder that's right
I go up captain scores great um go to
bed okay you lie down in the sleeping
pod close the lid and drift off secure
that in fifty seven in something years
you'll return to bug Mars a wealthy frog
you're clearly not in your sleep pod
your bleary glanced around you clearly
glanced around to get your bearings and
you appear to have been sleeping on a
heart-shaped bed covered with roses a
voice comes from the next room awake
already a wispy woman figure in a
bathrobe and crown walks in she bends
over and kisses you on the nose and
suddenly you feel your body shifting
yeah she she laughs and claps and you
realize that you've been
transmogrified into a human form
you awake with a start what a horrible
dream you call your friend dragging the
flying dragon just to talk to someone
hello draggy says I
had the worst nightmare you explained
the situation I'm not sure that a
support group for human bug-eaters is
really going to get much of a following
draggy Ponder's maybe if we drummed up a
little publicity first I know just the
PR agency five minutes later he shows up
at your door just to the nines he tosses
a frog tuxedo at you put this on babe
we're running for president
yeah candidate huh
what say you to the allegation that you
are not a natural-born citizen that you
are under 35 and that you're four oh my
god it's against what I use Oh
oh this is too hard this is very hard
think outside the box dance
nope oh my god yeah okay can you hold um
I have to get
oh we're nearest the end I know there's
a morons getting a little like yes
there's more games yes
I don't know if I can take I know I know
numerator sense in the holiday coffee
mr. president heavy on the cream okay
economy manager weather report cloudy
bug assets to millions orchids cost to
produce bug porn what customers
brookport 10,000 well that's a weird
thing to have on my presidential bids
over megabytes how many megabytes of bug
porn do you wish to what it's an economy
game for making porn you so pork butt
porn what you have to produce predict
how well the bug porn will sell based on
conditions and demand but I'm the bug
president I know this is the job of the
bug president 1/4 how so what 10,000
Zork miss use your friendships jack how
many megabytes a bug portion do you wish
to make but I only have two millions orc
meds I also I want to make 2 megabytes
it doesn't sound like much okay well
I'll test it's a good test okay okay how
many pop-up banner ads 15,000 Zork meds
each do you want to port per Portus
Porges how many BAE how many pop-up
banner ads we want that we want at least
10 of those for your two megabytes okay
yeah okay well price to you bitch wish
to charge per megabyte of bug porn so I
only have two megabytes and you spent
all that money on the banner ads so that
we should charge roughly charges on but
to buy it I don't know what do you think
what do you think about a hundred and
you you do that a hundred assortments
per megabyte
juvenile bugs posing as health
inspectors gave your product the
thumbs-up everybody wants to see ya
bugs marveled at your low prices great I
kept coming to the door after you ran
out of porn you made two megabytes of
bug porn at ten thousand dollars a
megabyte you sold two megabytes of book
porn at 1,000 I was thinking of reality
right where it's like I can make two
megabytes of bug for itself and but here
yeah you only sell oh my god oh Jesus
okay how many Dark Prince wait how many
swords do you want to order the bug rule
no zero more money spent on marketing
than I'm content jack is a modern triple
a kingdoms yeah yes zing-zing
zero that confident uh-huh oh my god
upgrade again oh Jesus uninstall
targeting sure okay bug assets great
cost to produce bug porn so we should
make more bug point today oh definitely
more but I only have a million it's
sunny and me don't like it's sunny
people actually might want to go out and
they might they might sure so we should
probably sell a thousand megabytes
of porn unfortunately you only have oh
and I can't do math we should get a
hundred megabytes of porn how many
pop-up banner ads do you want 20 be sure
to charge more for your product than it
costs to mate yeah what price do you
wish to charge for your porn or for your
megabyte of bug porn well they thought a
hundred was low last time right right
money might be too low
well no that's that was how many banner
ads oh oh bad owner man I'm looking so
now what price tis so 100 was too low so
maybe 200 no but a lot of people were
willing to buy it shut up Homer Simpson
1982 thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it so I'm making a hundred
mega but I'm making a hundred megabytes
of form yes
so and so that case you need to make
profit sure and so that cost me $100,000
like ten thousand a form oh sure and I
need to pay for all this advertising I'm
doing sure so ten thousand a porn
the bug porn sensors are working today
and there will be no bug porn available
at bug retail what senses but Oh bottle
of my bug born at lunchtime oh that's
great
you made 100 megabytes of bug porn add
$10,000 in megabyte you sold a hundred
megabytes of bug porn that's a great but
I still didn't make a profit so because
I paid too much for advertising uh-huh
uh-huh
I'm still you know what I can't do math
let's take all the skin frog fractions
for a reason ponies earthman's do you
what the Federal Reserve to print I
don't want them to print anything all
right all right now to hear with that
bug reserved no I don't have any I don't
know what's this lock on target damn it
one of the other things on the bomb I
couldn't get those in how much were it
hot and dry I don't know they was just
in the red Oh notice an outbreak of frog
STDs and bug porn actors is driving
production costs up oh no it's hot and
dry okay okay the porn business is just
bleeding money jack I I'm not a good
porn producer this is something we
should have known I'd go higher than a
hundred you want to make more than a
hundred porn yeah a thousand no I can't
I don't have enough to make a thousand
or I do unfortunately yeah I don't have
enough know how much okay Norman Norman
I can make 500 maybe well well we got a
cofactor in advertising a what not too
sure
let's make 200 nope let's make 100 again
how many pop-up banner ads so this is
what fucked me last time so I'm only
gonna run two this time okay and now
we're gonna sell it all for 1500
what the in-house bug porn musician
decided to make bug classical crossover
today nobody's quite sure what to make
of it made clamor for your product yes
bug seemed unaware of point weapon well
the weather made them wanted but you
didn't spend much in advertising so a
lot of people didn't know mine
I sold 70 megabytes I mean y-you meant
to water so that's not so great
I uh I bled less money today what are
your assets currently I only have four
hundred and five thousand what I want
them to print zero money alright that's
not their job that's not their job huh
you need you need you need to bail out
your own porn business it's too big to
fail check my indignity level is that an
all timeline I can I cannot install lock
on targeting I'm just gonna keep doing
that fuck weather cloudy no people are
gonna want to stay inside of it and
watch porn maybe maybe okay how much
does it cost to produce this work so I
can only make like I can only make you
know what I'm gonna make a hundred no
I'm gonna make that one make fifty no I
can't do math I'm gonna make twenty
we make twenty megabytes
how many pop-up banner ads do you wish
to purchase okay now we gotta go crazy
we can actually it well cost what 1200
it costs 1200 to make and plus 1500 so
where I'm gonna charge you 50 thousand
okay we're just gonna see what it
happens superb performances made today's
Big Bud superb performances made today's
bug porn too hot the warehouse burned
down
No oh and I sold 0 my porn was too good
I only have $45,000 list of assets
I need more lock on targeting oh it's
thunderstorms today oh no they don't
have to bail me out I fail I'm gonna be
here all night do you have to win this
game
I thought if I got down to $0 something
might happen well I've never gotten down
to $0 check let's see what happens let's
see here so I can only make like 3 I can
make 3 megabytes and I don't think I can
make any bad right there can I get one
nope how many banner ads would you like
purchase is zero um and I would like to
charge two billion dollars one hundred
thousand dollars
for but part juvenile bugs posing as
health inspectors gave your product a
thumbs up everybody wants to see it
Emily if he's referencing your player
now you scroll all this a lot of two
fingers okay trackpad you're like just
go here and then use two fingers okay
dick the birthday boy says get the ban
button ready after J cuz I'm about to
bust out the R word our word all over
the place
oh yeah listen my kind of game is fine
let's see here
oh I sold zero I only have nine thousand
two hundred dollars left
how many sore points do want the Federal
Reserve to print zero get out of here
a many V the clever I I know he's in
this on his own I'm not gonna telling
what to do
bug given unit today their rates just
went up great um cost to produce bug
porn is 15,000 but I only have 9,000 an
asset so how many do I wish to create
this is a fraction can I make a fraction
I don't know 100 point 0.5 that is not a
number
I mean it is a number zero how many pop
up banners do one purchase 0
well price too much to charge for your
megabyte a button but points I can't
help them
no nobody can help him Jeff no I don't
have any money to make anything anymore
he refuses to listen he's our coins
we've told him so I guess I need to
order more Zork vids you have to I have
to in order to just make anything you
know what you can just do it all with
the Federal Reserve Jack as much money
as you need to buy everything what do I
need to get
just-just-just how would I need ready at
the wind print two billion two billion
two million two three one two three one
two three no that's fine
I guess we'll let these I guess we'll
let your successor worry about the
inflation problem great what upgrade
would you like to install and now I can
install some upgrades bug drugs drugging
the water supply will passive in
Tahlequah bugs keeping them off the
streets and out of trouble
oh great oh yeah I want to do that now
they're gonna buy oh okay great
I have 18 million is or foods to produce
bug porn all right um so now we should
just make a huge number if you want to
yes okay so every 15,000 okay so we mean
we want to make a hundred megabytes of
bug porn go
how many pop-up banner ads at eighty
thousand so that is a total of 32 do you
want to purchase I want
I want 20 what price do you wish to
charge 80,000 cuz now they're gonna be
at home decided to make smooth yesterday
nobody's quite sure what to make of it
books complained incessantly about your
high prices I sold four megabytes oh no
that's fine we got plenty money we have
so much money we'll try again
this satellite oh wait no I should
probably lock on target oh I know but it
just keeps popping up so I want to keep
pressing it okay oh how many ports okay
we're gonna try again with a hundred
thorns and what do we got knows how many
Zork MIDI Jim well we'll try again in
twenty but you know so eighty thousand
was too high right and it needs to be
more than thirty-two to make a profit so
should we try 52 yes go for it okay the
in-house bug poor musician decided to
make a bug to Celtic Celtic folk today
nobody cause quite Ranma go bugs
complain to about the high prices again
I sold more today no okay did you make a
profit I know
I've yet to make a profit okay what's
the thingy goodbye at the bottom er a
system of satellites to help your media
meteorologists provide more accurate and
precise weather forecasts okay I don't
care about that
I know I know okay I'm gonna make today
today's the day I'm gonna make one
thousand forints nope that's too much
I'm gonna make one hundred points again
and I'm gonna make 28 banners again okay
and so if it costs 32,000 to make okay I
mean should we just try it I mean 33,000
we're barely making a profit baby
should we try 40 you know being the
president of bug Mars is a lot more
challenging oh no it made it too hot
oh no yeah man I found feeling really
good about today they don't like you huh
the warehouse in the game well I just
make two good heart I should probably
uninstall lock-on targeting I think that
whatever okay okay we're gonna do it
today we're gonna do today okay I here
for sunny weather I wish to make a
hundred points uh twenty banner ads so
we did we tried 35 yeah let's try 30 or
you know what we're gonna skim the
bottom of the profit margin yeah oh all
right all right just to see what happen
okay we need to sell some bug porn rich
there's somebody saying the banner ads
aren't per megabyte so it's not that
good think it's a bit less than you
think for the banner ads I think that's
what they're saying
yeah whatever 33 just go for 33 this is
fine I'm fine with 33 spike I'm doing
great I don't know what those banner ads
are I don't know what they mean but bugs
marveled at my low prices great you made
100 megabytes of bug porn at 15,000
megabytes you sold 100 hey great I made
a proper
I made a million dollars in profit Sarah
I want the door to zeros workman's that
confident great okay I should probably
in so I get out here bug weather okay so
I guess we just do the same thing but we
just up the price right 100 porns 20 ads
and now we'll try that 35 again okay the
house bug right it's weird the dry
weather makes books thirsty for your
progress bugs Marvin let my low prices
and kept coming in oh yes I sold all my
porn okay great how many Zork meds do
you want I don't want them to order
anything cuz I'm doing great
okay what up great ball is really that
is a great running game I really enjoy
every day someone says make 500 points
can I make 500 points 500 points
oh my god yeah twenty banner ads same
the same as we always do these problem
arjuna so he's a bright boy let's see
what everybody 5,000
great bug seemed unaware of my porn
today I only sold eighty nine megabytes
lost that was too much there's too much
that wasn't you know what that wasn't
enough advertising yeah all right okay I
want the door to zero yeah I have plenty
of money
I should probably really get that blog
on targeting okay okay okay here we go
here we go how many porns um here's I'm
gonna go back to 100 and I'm gonna go
back to 20 ads but we're gonna try going
up to like 30 well we know the ratio
right Wow okay wait cause it's too late
to go back for what 120 yeah one - fine
so if you order 500 for one hundred on
them oh sure oh no I burned down the
fucking warehouse again stop burning
down the warehouse
I should have get out here fuck weather
thunderstorms oh they won't burn down
the warehouse today so yeah 500 points
100 banner ads
damn right 500 100 yeah okay charge
thirty five hundred one hundred thousand
thirty five thousand people are telling
me something that I forgot okay you can
buy one of the padlocks
that's not locked it just is a padlock
god damn it what
didn't air to do this 100 oh okay
I don't have that much money so let's
try 80 yeah nope
6000 authority Oh No
very we gonna lose everything 20 dad
more from future generations
oh no the bug porn censors bought all my
porn at lunchtime oh good
you didn't need the the advertising yeah
nope you made 500 megabytes porn and 50
what oh good yeah I made a profit today
that's good why did I only sell it for
15,000 you sold 500 no I sold it for 35
okay great oh yeah we made 9 million in
profit today nice I want them to print 0
okay oh my god that is a padlock adding
padlocks the bug point search warehouse
we should cut down on the shrinkage
considerably ha ah great let's do that
buying the padlock there's a clutter I
you salute them okay 150
how many pop-up beds
18 pop-up ads are now 18 oh no they
always happen okay no no I did 150 so
normal oh yeah yeah normally at 20 so if
I could just get like 25 and then 35
let's try 38 you like this little
minigame don't you uh I'm understanding
it out I didn't understand it yeah I've
never like I've never played this type
of game before bugs marvel that my low
price is great
I sold all of my bug porn and made a
tidy profit oh nice great zero get out
of here what up oh now I can oh no but
yeah there's this residential swimming
pool this heated pool provides a
familiar wet environment from which the
button president can relax yeah but you
know we should really I kind of want to
see if I keep going with the game I want
to see if I can get another roll over
all right see if it's something all
right or do they just keep going forever
I don't
I've never ever tried to get them to
keep going forever they might I
13050 we know how this works nap 25
one saying no and I I know I know what
if I get the pool thing is this game
over is that our yeah please buy it oh
my god Jack hack fraud the madness never
stops he just wants to play the porn
game nah but see look Jesus look we can
get another room this side this new one
I I mean I'm doing it well now okay
let's see here superb performance
oh no I burned down the warehouse now
fuck hey everyone in the checkpoint you
wanted frog fractions and you gotta get
it oh now it comes over here no no I'm
not gonna do it okay
Oh Dario Oh back to the biscuit of
course you go down
and it's directed by the Wachowski
birthday it's the Matrix movies
everybody you've gotta be kidding me
that was brilliant
yeah I know I never ever would have
gotten past the Frog minigame I never
would have never got well that's why
it's dropping it
yeah it's your run pornography
Oh
oh sorry that was quick that was
never have I been taken on such a
journey
good luck Boris the actual point of the
night
how we come back
I have all the first place
well that night obviously oh I think
that's a great I
yeah thank you
that could be fun that might be
that would be a good idea for the
long awaited never happened yet
I can't I just that you know like I
think I think it would be hard for us to
interact
my regular son
yeah
yeah and then we're out of here so talk
to us by cab if you want
riches shiny new mega powerful TVs just
sitting there staring at him yeah and
watching this is what I'm saying you
guys have to understand you guys have to
respect what's of its if they could just
be saying but someone is safe
that's not do it do it take it
make sure big words I did see
you know I do something as far as like
your fan placement like obviously do
some cooling tests there's some programs
that you need to get no I'm not planning
overclocking I didn't know no because
that just seems like overkill if you
know it seems like a it's more trouble
but it might be worth yeah I don't know
it's just soups is suit whether the
software for the ACE for the motor work
yes none of that what's what is wrong
with the Asus suit sweet Agra Suites is
probably the sweet salute sweet suit
suits you to meet zoo broad fractions
get the F out of town with frog
fractions yeah we're not gonna shit your
pants now we're going home
yes where our brains are front done
yeah yeah we're done you know we are
we're done but thank you guys so much
for coming out watching rich build his
PC thank you for giving us the means to
give rich Evans a brand-new computer
don't shoot your pants it won't last
five minutes it ends the game for you
screamer that's what that tells me don't
shit your pants the screamer no but he
says it takes five minutes the game will
end itself for you I wonder why I'm a
screamer oh look we're not playing dark
shit your pants thank you no thank you a
moron
for giving away don't be doing that nope
um yeah I know we're leaving it good
good night thank you so much to all the
new subscribers today thank you to all
the old subscribers and thank you for
everyone who just came out to watch just
be idiots
we very much appreciate it and and now
rich is gonna go home and hug his
computer
