Risk of Jack Solo Stream Part 1
June 1, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MErAkmwEb4

um yeah VV VV v is is a nice one I don't
know if that's some trick I could listen
to just just any old day you know just
like in the car yeah let's see if there
we go there's the title screen um so
let's let's get playing let's get a
little warmed up here a couple things
I'm looking for i'm looking to unlock
characters is my biggest thing right now
and so yeah let's get started it's
jordan um or anyone who hasn't played
you get all these different little
characters to start with my favorite you
start off with the coat just the
commando and over here are all their
special abilities everyone gets for
special abilities um commando is great
i've been really loving the enforcer and
the engineer let's crank up this
difficulty to Normal difficulty level
and let's start off with well just start
off with the commando in case no one has
played before and then you can just kind
of get an idea for the gameplay because
I probably will die really quickly and
you know of course tell me in the street
in the tent if there's any problems I
will be looking over to the chat every
once in a while if you can't hear me if
you can't hear the game let me know okay
here we go baggy you know basic moving
jump
catch here after Blastoise we're back to
the gate by activating and I actually
don't think that helps me very much
yeah we did get a sub button so if
anyone feels like subscribing you know
this is a thing that we will be doing
regularly and you know I don't know if
it'll be four player stuff all the time
or at the studio all the time but this
is definitely something I streaming
regularly is definitely something we
will be doing doom soundtrack is the
best soundtrack that is not true doom is
a muddled soundtrack at best rich really
loves to him I've never been a fan of
the doom series you know beyond the fact
that it was one of the first want that
FTL soundtrack is another soundtrack
that I that I listen to all the time
just while in the car oh yeah increase
attack speed crazy helpful oh yeah
Chrono Trigger soundtrack yeah that's a
good soundtrack to Bastion I've heard
good things about I've not played
Bastion yet bud Oh a teleporter right
away so so here's basically the point of
every level is to get to this teleporter
the and then once you activate the
teleporter you have to kill all the
enemies and go through and you get a
boss battle I actually don't think I
want to go through it yet just because I
want to explore a little more it's just
a lot of this back and forth I think
it's really important on the early
levels to to get as many items as you
can in right now I only have one item
but I put my little teleporting gate
there
hopefully we can get something with it
Kelly
this is my favorite part is when guys
get stuck over there so you can just
kind of do this get free coins free XP
law that
hack it out here yesterday oh here these
little shredder guys all over the first
level there we go doing enemy sits the
ground on fire that is a nice one to get
and ants to knock enemies back I
actually don't like that is then if
you're wailing on an enemy you can knock
them off a platform and be like that and
now I can't kill them because he's
knocked up a platform where is these
other guys are easy kills and I'll like
that like easy kills okay
yeah you know video game soundtracks are
one of those things where not a lot of
people give them much thought because
you know why they're there in the video
game but when you find that right one
like this one like I said this one in
particular this is just this is just my
Sunday Drive and jam oh yeah listen you
yeah you don't I do appreciate that
you're watching me over a really hot
streamer but you know watch the really
hot streamer that is all right this is
just me playing some risk of rain I
cannot attest how good the Ace Combat
music is I want to see if I can find
some more jams over here
yeah I got infusion pretty early do we
got here just have a chance to trap item
elite mobs have a chance to drop items I
don't know if that'll help me oh here we
go that crowbar this does good deal
bonus damage to healthy monsters yes
very helpful alright we're getting some
good stuff now getting some good items
and we need him nice oh oh yes chance to
stun enemies that's an awesome item okay
all right I think we got all the
treasure chests and i'm just going to
attack some of these shrines and get
moving to the boss battle
this is not on the this is not on the
Xbox it's only available on PC so IM
playing on a computer with a 360
controller because that's how i like to
play games oh that's a great one so
every time I kill an enemy now i'm gonna
summon a ghost of that enemy and they're
gonna fight for me that's a great item
to get to early on okay here we go stay
alive this would be a great game on the
360 this is this is a great controller
pad game in general it's just super neat
i had i had to heard that they were
thinking about bringing this over to the
Vita and some other platforms but i
don't know if anything actually came of
it but hopefully they work on it this
has just been one of those fantastic
game finds that i'm really happy that
yeah i'm super happy with my drops now i
just don't die right don't die don't die
don't die i think i get out of here run
away run away run away
right on a portal
this is how you play the game just run
and shoot oh shit chit chit chit how do
you gotta run and shoot run and shoot
running shoot yes ghosts I got ghosts
ghosts are helping man i got the
jellyfish where I want them I'm just
going to kind of go back and forth and
kill that damn Joey fish nice nice blows
into me super nice out here
whatever happened to the Gamestation
series it's it's really simple you know
rich Mike and Jay don't play video games
and rich and I whenever there was down
time and on other shoots we would talk
about video games rich did game station
for a while and it didn't work because
rich didn't have anyone to talk to
basically and Mike and Jay edit the
episodes and they didn't know what the
good bits were and so it's it's just
really that simple where you know I
wasn't a big fan of the series rich was
in a big fan of the series he doesn't
you know because he didn't think it was
that interesting ghosties books keys
boost ease those fees that was laying
Chum and so you know it was it was their
attempt at a video game shounen it
didn't necessarily work I think that was
actually back in the day when um when a
half in the bag was on the machina
youtube page for a while day they had a
deal with macana or machinima sorry
we're we're half in the bag was uploaded
to the machinima YouTube page and so I
think they were just trying to get more
game content for machinima and it didn't
really work
wasn't there tweet that tweeted the pic
of games yeah that was literally um
growing out the set like you know we we
didn't really throw it out we just used
the walls for other things I want to say
the walls turned into space cop walls
but yeah yeah you know that's that's
what a lot of video making is is just
prioritizing how long it takes to shoot
something versus how many views it gets
and gamestation never got a lot of views
and was a pain in the ass to shoot and
so far previously recorded is not doing
great in the views but it's really easy
to shoot so I'm going to use this so
that kind of bounces it out it's just
rich and I I take care of all of the
editing so Mike and Jay don't need to
worry about it
ah you should buy risk of rain is just a
great game I have so much fun to it I I
have so much fun with this game I
actually dual booted dual booted my Mac
just just to play it that's not true oh
it's a good one increase maximum health
fuck yeah nothin Oh enemies oh that's
great I'm doing great on the item front
right now it's one of those games where
you need those items you need those
items if you're going to do well
be 0 and wasted wrong that's why you see
my elite skill right there
oh yeah I know I I'm still figuring out
the twitch thing so I titled the
broadcast something funny and I should
have just titled it risk of rain but I
also started streaming before I change
the title of it so if anyone got the
email the email says that it's the
dreamcast still owe still figuring it
out I think the aspect ratio looks weird
and there might be a little zoomin or
whatnot I think we'll stick with prereq
rich and I have a rich and I have a lot
of fun doing it and like I said it does
not take very much to produce so you
know it cost of video games that's
that's pretty much it I I can't tell you
how much the average episode of half in
the bag costs because they like there's
a lot of costs that I don't you know
like there's cost like just having the
studio but you know doesn't cost any
money just for Mike and jada hang out
and watch movies here oh yeah
but you know there are I'm totally gonna
die I'm not doing well there are time
costs you know they have to watch movie
has a conversation get this kit going
and then editing others costs yeah well
it is late and this is kind of what we
were talking about earlier with Oh goofy
us with not having anyone to bounce off
of you know right now i have i have you
guys to bounce off of and so like when
there's another person in the room it's
the whole different beast you know you
get to you get to put on a mini show for
them so this is kind of a kind of a
great example of why game station never
really worked out so I'm just talking
I'm talking to my computer screen right
now I'll fucking hopefully something fun
will happen and I will get to laugh yeah
I don't think you can come over I I
think no matter how far away or how
close you are from Ohio you're not going
to make it by the time I'm done playing
I'm just going to play for a couple
hours tonight
I sketch up to me a little bit you know
I have a lot of favorites I as far as
ours put in its tf2 you know I like the
pokemon games those are always fun
favorite game is such a hard thing to
say is that coming at me oh that's a
great one permanently increases your
help with every enemy kill that is a
great one to get
um yeah Drake cost FM the randomness can
be tough because yeah sometimes you just
get fucked with the items and and
there's not much you can do about it
like and the enemy's pile up get out of
here but you know this is cost-benefit
right oh you're gonna hear that'll help
but you know that's that's part of
that's part of the thing you go into
playing a game with randomized levels
knowing so it doesn't bother me too much
I can see some people just not being
into this type of game oh fuck this guy
is gonna kill me that take care of him I
gotta take care of and he's gonna kill
me he can follow me oh yeah
I'm totally gonna die but that's okay
just the first run through this the
first 13 I got to get out of here o.o
monster log yes you unlock my line I did
great but I got the monster log um one
of the survivors you can only unlock if
you collect enough monster arm so I'm
hoping to get some monster logs yes we
did just get a sub button the people at
which have been very nice to us even
though we we didn't have an established
channel about helping us out is we we
known we have no idea what we're doing
with twitch but we're having some fun
and back to the main menu for a little
bit a drink water um how hard is this
compared to something like binding of
isaac i put it you know kind of on the
same level but like like what vid ango
is saying the difficulty curve if you
decide to hunt for more items or the
longer you play the harder it gets and
it can really really fuck you even on
the easy level the later on the later
stages so but I mean it's it's
definitely in the same vein as a binding
of isaac or as an FTL as far as the
difficulty curve is concerned that's why
i really like it
and we're gonna try a different one I'm
going to show you guys i'm laying on the
enforcer I I really like the enforcer he
has a neat a neat movement set about him
it's it's basically enforcers basically
you're playing judge dredd okay so one
of my moves is I can hunker down and I
fire a little faster but then I move a
little bit slower it's great oh yeah I
have a concussion bomb that's a great
one and then i have this shield smashy
thing which knocks enemies back if you
dig Judge Dredd play as the enforcer
come on in there because you're wrong
look how lucky week yet there's a
there's a teleporter right here and an
enemy so easily killed yeah I really
like the engineer class that's a that's
a very fun class to play as well I think
I think I've gotten the most wins or
this thing I don't know then let's go
for the mystery all the rotten brain
that's a lame item row and I like drones
see him while my shield is up they can't
hurt me so I can just hunker here and he
can try to bite me all he wants but he
can't do it no more cause I want to get
that drone whatever it is outline Miami
soundtrack is another one of those
soundtracks absolutely that you should
just absolutely get that's a great a
great listen okay
oh yes in goal overtime helpful very
helpful I can I get you yet I should
probably turn my Steam notifications off
I can't it oh I don't have enough money
I can figure things out for myself I
really liked dread and we just I just
saw that recently and man that was good
very good no-nonsense kind of movie we
know what we are we're not fucking
around damn i'm just going to pause it
for a second and turn off my steam
notifications hold on a second guys be
all of my all my jimmies here there we
go
do you estimate now or I can't figure
out it doesn't really matter it doesn't
really matter brain huh okay let's get
out of here
yeah I did have a I was sweeping for a
virus setting up these screen recordings
are sometimes a bit tricky there we go
you figure it out as we go you figure it
out as you go you know dread didn't
tanked at the box office it I mean it
didn't do well it wasn't a hit but it
made money and I think it did well after
Margaret but yeah there's no there's not
going to be a foreign market for dread
and that's unfortunately where Hollywood
makes most of it's money so that's
that's one of the biggest things they're
concerned about and dread is very
American I guess there we go oh I don't
know I hope they do another dread I hope
that I hope that director gets more work
because Adams a nice a flaming head
thing when barclay happens what's
Barclay I've seen that in the chats
other times before enough for the
sequels I don't know right thats that's
not a question for me that's a question
for being counters it took us how long
to get a the remake of the remake of the
reboot probably it probably not enough
for a sequel my guess is the budget was
was not enough to justify a sequel but
yes my guess
oh I will throw my bouncing brain at you
that rotten brain that's all it does you
throw it and it just bounces and hurts
people it's the worst okay I got all
those things Barkley shut up and jam oh
I want to play a knife I all the time
arch-rivals I played the shit out of
some arch-rivals adding I would play I
would play that game or just NBA jam
that's the one where you were basketball
catches on fire hey I want to hurt
enemies by falling all right let's see
if we can take out a boss it would get
Meg norm easy peasy up here and the
brain out
I just have to back up and make sure the
magma room doesn't get me yeah block by
block everything
kind of blocking don't get on the other
side of me don't get on the other side
of me I'm gonna kill that Magnum or
before he kills me the question is
everyone else there we go I'm some brain
there we go oh shit shit use that one
too soon get out of here
he's fast and I normally that fast you
fuck you there we go black out like yeah
you do shit into shit I'm locked it
I will take care of these guys we will
take care of these guys they ain't got
nothing we have the bouncing brain so
nothing matters here Oh miss super elite
hacker gamer right here what game is
joint despise the most um I don't know
it's it's that such a such a hard thing
to say words like if I get bored in a
game I get very very angry because you
know this is a thing that games are the
thing that you're supposed to do for fun
and they're supposed to be immersive and
it's supposed to be you that was
something that really obviously upset me
about the banner saga was that it wasn't
me and like we kind of played as
everyone and i really like a main
character in video games i like someone
to roleplay as oh
I'll take that honey bomb oh no I don't
want money bomb funnybot means I lose
money okay you know I'm just trying to
think we have a we have an episode
coming up all about Sonic the Hedgehog
and I'm going to put that up there with
a game that I despise the most oh fuck
Sonic the Hedgehog um I just don't get
it I don't get why people like that then
great um as far as just me personally I
could never get too deep into like
tetris or dr. Mario those types of games
i just i'm no good Adam I don't have I
don't have the kind of reflexes
available to play dr mario or tetris i
know i know people who who start dr.
mario hama on the hardest difficulty
just because that's the only way it's a
challenge to them that Oh can't make
that okay having here that ain't me so
yeah I don't I don't much care for those
types of games I'm gonna kill you um
yeah I just did not have fun with any of
those sonic games but you'll see that on
the episode when the episode airs we
have a quite a nice discussion about the
Sonic series and my dislike for that
doesn't help me a lot
this is yeah the whole franchise is
sonic I I mean I will I only play dumb
we played the the first three four four
dream for genesis and it was just not my
thing oh fuck oh fuck I gotta get out of
here I believe the games are flawed the
first three for Genesis I don't know
anything about any of the other games I
played a is remember the bioware like
RPG that one but I i think that the the
actual original sonic games are broken
never understood the pokemon games what
are you talking about not like pokemon
that's something I can talk about for
ages it's it's a light RPG with a nice
easy story you get small rewards every
time you like you you know every time
every time your pet does well you get a
little get a little nice feeling yeah
well I'll defend the pokemon games to
the grave well Bioware made a sonic RPG
for the d/s and that was I mean it was
laughable because it's just like that's
that's the thing sonic needs but I guess
if you're an RPG fan and or a sonic fan
I already see the teleporter huh I
forget here we go I want those jams oh
yes that green vial is something very
nice that I want and I have enough money
great exactly that's the other thing
about Pokemon you can play it you can
play it a new time a new way every time
just by having one different pokemon in
your party and it's a whole new game you
can the meta games to on Pokemon you
know like okay I'm going to try to my
last playthrough I tried to beat the I
tried to beat the elite four with
nothing but grass type pokemons just to
see if I could um I don't think I did is
the end to that great story but it was a
fun it was a fun meta yeah yeah Kaname
onic battle that was the one frigate for
for game boy advance so that they've
made multiple sonic RPGs which I mean
good for them I guess it's what we
should say I did yes I did try fallout 3
and I did not much care for the combat
system I I do want to go back to the
original fallout games just because I I
guess correct me if I'm wrong but it is
turn-based combat which I like I'll
fucking I'm so dead I'm so dead Oh
fucking dead I'm just running away to
not be dead fucking magma warm again oh
my god to mag norms 18 great I get out
of here fuck fuck fuck to make forms of
dead running away is not helping come on
oh my god is so fucking dead my little
healbot is not working come on here by
hit me up
here's what I'm going to try i'm going
to try it
I'm just going to try to stay in a
corner here and see maybe nothing i'll
hit me if I'm just in the corner here
yeah that's kind of working cheap
oh oh I felt I felt ah so much dead so
very much dead um you know I don't know
I don't get the love for the Halo
franchise um I played the halo games and
they all seem very fine you know I don't
get I'm gonna try weird try one more
time as the engineer on Normal
difficulty and then i'm going to set it
too easy just cuz i want to unlock you
can unlock this robot as a playable
character and i really want to play as
him also I want to try um accurate i
just unlocked last time but i'm in
replace the engineer on regular
difficulty one more try
I'm really excited to play play dark
souls I know a lot of people talk about
demon souls if that was the first one
but I'm very excited to play dark souls
every every person whose opinion I
respects loves dark souls and so it's
just one of those games I know I know I
should have played already but I didn't
or it's just like Dark Souls that's the
one rich always talks about oh my god
I'm gonna blank on a name I'll left 4
dead i love dark souls dota 2 and xcom
enemy Unknown our games that I know I
should be playing but who has time dark
souls for some reason seems the most
accessible out of that dota 2 and x com
yeah left for dead is great they they
nailed multiplayer outta here left 4
dead was a great serious you know but of
course right valve can do no wrong hey
everyone knows about canoeing all wrong
I know XCOM is good everyone everyone
and their mother says that XCOM is the
greatest it seems like a an investment
in time like that dota 2 i've heard
nothing but good things but it seems
like a big investment oh that's a good
one i am gonna play on pc and i am going
to use a gamepad that's what actually
the whole point of this stream is to
test out streaming from my pc and if you
thought the ungodly mess of cords was
bad it's gotten worse because now we
have to send audio and video through
different cables because i don't have an
hdmi out on my computer and so like
there's an audio splitting from the
stream and going into an earpiece so i
can hear the damn game there's monitors
it's it's a horrible mess of cords in
here yeah rowan strike is a great one I
use it a little early i forgot what my
what my item did it calls in drones yeah
Wow right while was the first one that
people lost their lives to that too I
don't I definitely don't have the
investment to get into World of Warcraft
or the patience so far no secrets were
revealed I've been doing I've been dying
but that's what you do in this game so
well that's fine i'm working on
unlocking characters that's my big hope
that is my big deal right now engineer
so great on what I'm doing if you can't
tell on your stream is I'm dropping as
I'm running I'm dropping land mines and
then bombing the shit out of people it's
a great way to do it I can also drop a
century but this is my favorite
character because I can just drop a
landmine and run away while I kill them
it's my favorite exist yes by the way
that's exactly what the streaming room
looks like except for instead of like
the octopus monster in Star Wars it's
just cables cables everywhere ayee and
his music was electric right it's a hot
mess and and there's no there's no way
to clean it up until rich and I get our
own space which we are working on after
we're done with some space cop stuff
rich and i are i'm probably going to
build a set to play and have our
conversations on there's just no space
in the studio right now i am a big
binding of isaac fan oh listen I would
love to review it when rebirth comes out
um I'm really excited because I have a
Vita and I'm part of the PlayStation
Plus and so I get it for free it's like
a game I would pay for but it's been
announced that it's coming out free for
PlayStation Plus members so I'm crazy
excited about that I mean I might just
buy it anyway just so i can say i bought
it but oh man do I love Binding of Isaac
I can't wait I can't wait to play a
proper as I play it on my mac and so
it's a little a little jank bud
but it'll do little piggy bank piggy
banks good item you earn money over time
I like satin well I think her items back
there that I want to grab I will try i
will try is the PS Vita worth it depends
on your definition of worth it i think
it is so far having having spelunky on
the go is amazing having Rayman Origins
on the go is crazy awesome Rayman
Origins one of the greatest platformers
of this generation great great to play
in the mobile but you know I've also
gone long straight long stretches where
like there haven't been any games come
out for it and I use it as a netflix
machine in the YouTube machine which
then you feel a little cheap right be
defeats live um we have heard of the
angry video game nerd I have seen a
couple of his videos like years and
years ago we don't really watch that
kind of stuff if I don't know if that
makes sense but we don't really watch
many other review shows I know just as
someone who creates stuff for the
internet I am very interested to see is
how his movie turned out just cuz you
know he's an internet personality who
made a movie and so that kind of stuff
fascinates me but I don't watch his
stuff regularly and I don't think anyone
I mean I know Jay might come because
they're not video game guys but I mean
you know we're going to net people we've
heard of other internet people
yeah oh and you just you're mentioning
like what character to use in Dark Souls
that's the thing i know nothing about
Dark Soul so I don't even know what
you're talking about got these guys I
should some of the enemy because I'm
about to bump up in difficulty again and
I am NOT looking forward to that piece
of garbage persona i don't know if i
ever played persona I'll tell you the
truth it's quite possible that i have i
mean i don't the thing i can tell you
the reason like i said i've seen a
couple of his videos like years and
years and years ago and i didn't really
get into it because his character seemed
false you know like it I could tell he
was putting on a show and maybe that's
just because I'm a video producer and a
performer and it's like but I could see
it I could see his show and I didn't
like it it's you know is being angry a
bad video games like I don't know oh in
fusion yes aight item great item great
item Oh get back fuck yeah jetpack means
I get more of a jump
now don't fight my century I'll fight me
I stay here in sniping yeah I think
persona 4 is out on the Vita and I've
heard good things but you know I don't
know I don't know I just dropped another
century I did not want to do that
mmm ya go that's why i love dropping
sentries Enemy's fight your sentry and
not you and so it definitely makes it
easier I'm running out of landmines to
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I feel like I'm
doing better this run I'm probably not I
don't think I've gone too easy it that's
knife here they used to do what exists
JJ Mike were wedding videographers I'm
red-letter weddings I think everyone's
seen the website it might still be up
somewhere yeah you do what you can you
work and if you make videos then you got
to kind of find a way to earn money ball
making videos
I do watch twitch streamers some i watch
some I'm a tf2 guy and so I subscribe to
star rarely streams I watch a bunch of
spelunky streams it's his name Dan
something and something um I don't I
don't subscribe to many people um just
because I I just like watching games i
don't necessarily you know obviously if
the person's a bad streamer I'll turn
off but I care more about what game
they're playing then who they are then
their personality but but yeah I liked
which I like switch a lot and I'm very
excited about the google thing if that's
really happening
although what red-letter wedding site is
still up what do i do I am a video
producer I make commercials for the
internet and and for TV and do all sorts
of video production stuff I used to work
and still have a good relationship with
funny or die so you know like if they
have a comedy video that they want made
in my style I will do that and then I do
I work on like product placement in
viral videos words like I'll try to get
a product in a viral video and try to
make it so that it goes viral that's I'm
one of those people yeah speedruns
dreams like yeah any anytime a stream is
like trying to accomplish something I'm
definitely watching like I watched a lot
of the spelunky free million run if
anyone is anticipate like do they know
that one but uh yeah it's always fun
when they're trying to accomplish
something so that's what I'm trying to
do here is I'm trying to unlock
characters i have a goal i'm trying to
make it to the end level so i can unlock
so i can unlock the robot that's my goal
when videos have you done for Funny or
Die the thing that got me noticed by
people well I want to see if there's
anything over here was a series of
videos called the high-five montages so
if you've seen any of those probably you
haven't you know um I five-month high
five Hollywood I five Super Bowl we did
one down in the world cup we got to go
to South Africa and and shoot with
soccer player for the World Cup a couple
years ago I do a series of videos with
my brother called bowling trick shots
and it's really dumb but really funny um
confirmed for corporate sellout FS
absolutely anyone who doesn't sell out
is dummy gotta sell out I got I got
bills um let's see I do the hey pass me
a beer video so if you've seen any of
the a pass me a beer videos those are
mine those I'm pretty proud of and just
a slew of other kind of nonsense I did
watch twitch plays Pokemon and was
fascinated every second I couldn't I
couldn't watch too much just because the
chaos hurt me but a twitch plays Pokemon
was a brilliant experiment and um yeah
we're lagging a little bit a brilliant
experiments in humanity and they won
right like so good for everyone
good for everyone because twitch can win
sometimes out of here now five my
century no go fight my century me dick
out of here no hotter here there we go
there we go now we're getting somewhere
on how do you end up doing these jobs um
no this isn't power stone two I'm sorry
for for sending misleading emails um
like how I got the job at Funny or Die
was I made videos and they saw them and
they liked them and so they would call
on me it was really that easy had i was
making videos with with my cousin and
the people at Funny or Die needed people
to make videos for them it's just that
easy do what you like to do and
eventually someone will notice if it's
good enough right to be my ayah you I
can't have a personal assistant because
I can't pay you any money right now I'm
all of my assets are tied up in bills
and food
what's that chance to fear enemies when
attack I have never gotten that item
before then that seems like it's
fundable don't know what that does but I
do enemy log yes we need those logs to
get the the survivor those we need those
enemy logs fuck fuck fuck whoo David
cage games name is specific games I
don't I don't I don't know a ton of
Crete like game developers right here
fucking ghost things all been my jams I
think when I fear them like they've run
away from me which I'm not sure how
helpful that is this is helpful
do we hang out when not making videos
yeah I mean mostly mostly we're making
videos just because that's ninety
percent of our lives you have to make oh
fuck I died yeah the fear enemy item was
definitely sucky but I mean yeah we just
we just hang out when we are not filming
stuff it's more it's like it's always a
group thing so it's never I don't know
if it's ever been just me and rich but I
think we talked about this during the
line episode of best of the worst that's
how we came up with the idea for best of
the worst is we were just hanging out
watching movies and having fun and we
didn't even think to ourselves like well
we should probably record this because
it could be a good internet video have I
heard of the Plinkett reviews yes yes I
have heard of the Plinkett reviews
