MS PAINT Game Gift Giveaway (Part 01) The Preamble
December 17, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0DK80PGoN8

you may wanna
but
be streaming yet we're only eight
minutes now a swimming
we're only not streaming or only 12
minutes late and we have three much late
we're not streaming all oh we're not no
no I'm still trying to iron out baby I
think all details oh good streaming you
know sometimes
yeah why how you feel about this
yeah yeah yeah really really
okay I know I know that you want me to
you're ruining the joke it's a big bird
ah damn it
I know uh what's the point of trying I
set up a joking and you you punt the
punchline and punt it hello everybody
welcome yeah what's up merry merry
fucking Christmas mr. bacos you don't
need this
there's sound to worry about him and
that's paint
it's it's true here welcome to the
Christmas Spectacular mspaint pictionary
game gift giveaway spectacular
spooktacular yeah I was gonna say that
oh we're gonna say yeah nice why can't
we have a Christmas spooktacular
hold on I'm I'm live tweeting right now
and then we'll go over the rules so rich
I don't know say I never
oh yeah yo what's up yo yo yo what up G
yo yo yo hey my homies always right I
mean they still say homies yeah yo yo my
homie ojos souls my homie Oh little
shizzle mcfizzles
um I'm talking the hip speak Jam
constantly amaze me with your hip speak
I agree anis NCC 1701 never do that
again right
welcome everybody we ran a little bit
late today because Jack was out getting
a new toy
Oh getting a new toy we have upgraded
microphone situation
now we each get our own
hopefully hopefully now you'll be
better a little clearer your mic has a
sanitary napkin wrapped around it I my
microphone is not latest mic in the
world to use and it didn't fit in the
after paper towel around I I thought it
was just on the rag I think that's
politically incorrect is what that's the
thing that happens it's nothing in
political Ian Craig demand something
that happens so Greg yes so if you it's
a crude way to say it but what happens
oh and is my mic cutting out as I'm
saying the audio should be better that's
really funny
that is really funny so I started the
stream I probably should have picked
movie idols first he was dumb you knew
his dumb I was dumb
oh we can't hear you what you can't hear
it oh oh no he's gay
you're noise we don't need the noise
gate anymore where do we set the noise
setting we're gonna fix the noise gay
people we're working on noise gate okay
da d enable noise gate D enable applied
now you might hear a slight home yep and
when I see that on the trackers there's
a slight hum but that's fine
cuz you guys have said the slight hum is
preferable to the noise gate so there we
go
yes we're starting early and what we're
gonna start with what we are gonna start
with is uh so so today we're playing
mspaint pictionary which we played once
after Jack was flying all day and a
little drunk and a little slap-happy
over very well we're very well I'm less
drunk and less lab happy today so we'll
see we'll see if it can work out equally
as well so what happens is this riche
and myself and Jay in the other room who
will be joining us in a little bit we'll
all right down fifteen movie titles and
then we will take turns picking those
titles from a hat and we will try to
draw the movie title in ms paint and you
the Chad have to guess what the title of
the movie is by our mspaint drawing and
the winner will get special prizes this
is the real thing
rich and I reach and I get a ton of
games as gifts we we have a ton of games
in our inventory and and we get doubles
a lot and so we are going to liquidate
our games yeah that's great now with
your microphone it doesn't fit in the
mic holder alright because I'm good at
improvising and I think that was silly
that one's broke Jack's mom is in the
middle of a heavy flow
gross this is what I'm he called it the
rag earlier the rag I don't think
anyone's used that expression in 22
years rich us I don't know if anyone
outside of bad eighties movies ever used
that expression right okay so so that's
how it's gonna work so right now rich
and I have to write down all of our
movie titles that's what our job is
going to be so we need some paper we
have a rating service over here Thank
You Jay I have a rating service I'm
gonna start so rich if you and Jay wanna
shoot the shit promo you're
brainstorming titled snow I already
threw in titles Jay was on top of it I
was on top so what about that Sony hatch
oh yeah they are releasing the movie for
free on crackle which is in my
experience a horrible service I know
it's on there because Sony owns it but
it's it's technically free movies but
there's ads like every 10 minutes and I
have the Hulu app for crackle and
whenever it gets to an ad the first ad
it'll play the ad and then the whole
thing just freezes up and it never goes
back to the movie but but at least
they're doing it yeah yeah at least
they're doing it it's free ish hmm and
it's like you know Sony they just cave
to anybody don't well don't at least
that movie alright well you put a
release that bukhan really it wasn't it
wasn't so it was the theater chains
dropping out right the theater chains
are like we're not gonna carry your
movies so it was you know they had no
other choice really also G hablo 66
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it and thank you to all those
who pointed out that I missed the sub G
hablo yeah with a J so it might be J
hablo
is that how you spell hablo I don't know
Spanish
jiya blow air subscription oh wow
you just ripped that paper is like a
perfect perfect straight line it was
pretty exciting
would you like a paper cutter so just
just movies or movies and TV shows or
just moving through list I'm gonna say
just movie titles just to just to give
it but if it's a movie based on a TV
show okay so I'm trying to think if
there's any ever ever been like a
different title to a movies
oh no cuz all point in doing it is for
the name recognition right Justin that
Mike adjusted I'm gonna leave again in
five minutes that's okay
I'll be in and out I'm kind of working
I'm never not working except except the
last two nights after a long day of
entity and I watched some movies mmm I
watched black Christmas you know black
Christmas which I've never seen before
and it's really really good it's
genuinely creepy so I watched that and
then last night I watched another movie
I'd never seen before Silent Night
deadly night part two which is a pretty
famous movie for one moment it has a
moment that's like one of the most
famous a bad movie moments are you guys
familiar with the garbage day moment and
salome deadly night no oh okay it's like
a bad attempt at a catchphrase and it
makes no sense and the delivery of it
just the most bizarre thing ever
so it's famous because of that and it's
also famous because half of the movie is
flashbacks to the first movie the only
shot like 25 minutes worth of footage
new footage a la big fat at all yeah
exactly like that only this was all
vermin Ridley front-loaded like the
first half of the movie was the first
Silent Night deadly night and then but
then once it gets past that and it's new
stuff it's it's like everything that is
great about bad movies the lead actors
performance is
most bizarre fucking thing he's so
terrible in a really fascinating way so
I highly recommend Silent Night deadly
night part 2 there's absolutely no plot
it's just things he does things and then
at the end he goes in revenge from the
nun from the first movie and then the
movie ends well this is technically this
is the little brother of the killer from
the first movie oh Jesus this is Ricky
and the first time penis Billy no no
it's the younger brother he was
traumatized by the events of his brother
oh now he is also a killer and he has
next to nothing to do with Christmas
he's just killing people it's not even
Christmas um no it is on Christmas at
the very Andes where is he wearing the
Santa suit at the end yes he does get
the Santa suit at the very end but most
of the movie is just him killing random
people that are yeah annoying him but
it's really the main guys performance
that makes the movie worth watching and
there's a stunt that's fucking crazy
there's a part in he's in the middle of
the street this is when he completely
loses it this is the famous garbage day
scene and he steals a cop's gun and he's
just walking down the middle of the
suburban street just like shooting
people and laughing he's just like ah ha
ha
I mean ego stone-faced and then he
laughs again he's so weird but he starts
shooting at a car that's driving
straight towards him and there's this
stunt where it's clearly a stuntman in
the middle of the street as the car
flips and it looks like the car the car
when it's completely on its side as it's
about to crash because it's like passing
him it looks like it's like a foot from
smacking right into him it's crazy and
you see him like kind of flinch a little
bit but he's still there
it's a really impressive just done I
really got a scary but are you thinking
of movies nothing and good movies
don't put Silent Night deadly night part
two they did it's now to be on
everybody's mind yeah the first thing
everybody picks oh that's the other
thing I was asked this about the rules
whether or not this would be like in sub
only mode for people who can answer
pictionary questions and I think for a
few of them it will be in sub only mode
okay but for most of them this is dr j
and john kilo for most of them i'd like
to keep it open to everyone
whatever what are the prices is it like
Steam games yes I have I have a whole
bunch I'm at him and a bunch were also
donated to us I will find that person's
name right now no I will finish writing
and benefit so then rich can write while
I find that person's name they're
donated to help in big in the streams
smert that's very smart
Smurf Smurf what's the what's the can't
went too smart
yeah not to be confused with Smurfs
yeah I probably based on yeah yesterday
was Christmas with my mom's side of the
family
oh really already well you know we do a
lot of Christmases okay and I made my
brother watch too many cooks oh yeah you
seen it he makes Internet videos with me
and he's more in the marketing side of
things and I was like Nick you've got to
see this this is can't believe he hasn't
seen it he's not he's not into that side
of it he doesn't know how to sell
products and whatnot alright that's why
we work well together he could only make
it about eight minutes in really yeah
eight minutes in that's about when it
starts to get interest I know he made it
he made it just past when we start
seeing the sets okay fine
thank you for subscribing dude speed
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated to cook vide did he get to
the part where the girl starts running
and her name is under her that's one
becomes brilliant I know is what he's
just like yeah that's when I was hooked
I know interesting I know I know I was
really disappointed but I guess it's
safe to say the too many cooks is not
for everyone yeah but no it was just
like Nick don't you understand how
important this is this is this is fun
man knew what you know and he just like
yeah I get it I just don't want to watch
it
darkstorm 99 fair thank you for
subscribing also the chest saying that
these sub audio is not working it's it's
clicked on on my open broadcaster or
cider all know what the fuck isn't
working ya know what's y'all know
remember the audio is just not there
because the audios turning down watch
watch me not know this is your computer
driver extreme turbo extreme turbo
turbulent what turbulator regulation
what was that Oh turbulence that's that
movie with Wesley Snipes you see in that
like a 90s movie set on a airplane
no that's passenger 50 thats oh okay
what's turbulence who's in that fun
that's another one of those type of
movies oh gee mo 109 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Phil Davis thank you for subscribing
really appreciated he could he could be
recent crime
oh if you let your subscription lapse
and I see or maybe it's like a fill like
this is Phil underscore Davis maybe the
other one was still Davis one-word Phil
baby's 21 I don't know why the audio
isn't working there's I don't know that
there's much I can do about it right now
cuz do you know more about that
something I knew but hey curly mustache
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate him a lot of subs for not
playing games maybe that's the key let
people see you play
right now the only thing is on screen is
like a white screen Oh could you draw so
what people are saying is they would
rather see this than see you guys play
games pretty much just draw something
anything I love it I love it a lot
oh that's funny they're already saying
the movie is snowpiercer that's a funny
joke cat and I like it I appreciate it
rich is now playing checkers and that's
gonna be fine that's gonna I mean it's
gonna have to be fine right
describe my strategies its checkers you
just move the pieces what do you want
control control center trying try and
get double jumps
all right what do you got Jack how many
you got um I'm gonna do a couple more
all right I'm gonna do a couple more
it's you know like I said I want to make
sure that it's varied and I don't know
how many we're gonna do in general I
just want to make sure this guy's taking
us my last time me doctor killed a cabin
we are happy that we could introduce FTL
into your life it is tough you know like
when the next blanket review thank you
for subscribing there it is finally
found it we very much appreciate it but
you know like we and we talk about that
a lot like there are some games where
just by looking at it it's deceptive you
know game like FTL I definitely stayed
away from for a bit a game like spelunky
I stayed away from forbid just because
of how it look it's how I thought it was
gonna play and then you play it and it's
a whole different thing
Oh see I just saw FTL I thought oh this
looks interesting
really yeah I didn't have that feeling
and they looked a little boring to me
what the fuck is wrong with you Oh many
many things oh and I'm trying to think
of what this movie is called take
another one time's a-wastin yo wastin
we're screaming okay Oh
defense is pretty good pretty good
you think you need to surrender Oh
oh my god I can't believe you fell for
that for what the double jump
there was nobody there was not a fall
for that was planned thing yeah I'm
saying he fell for you planned it out
great
oh I even though wasn't that great and
there was no significant game anytime
there's a double jump I'm impressed
easily I'm easily impressed by checkers
is the thing that you should know and
I'm gonna rain fire down in his ass
that's what I'm gonna do a king or a
queen okay you know this is a chess
check there are no Queens and checkers
um you're right my crocodile brain was
in full full we're the ultimate
crocodile brain Joshua
I'm marching down to victory here we're
getting one of these too sure I did
um today I spent some time cutting up
your solo livestream yeah wow you don't
talk I know I was very upfront about
that fact I don't in and it's like I
knew to expect that but then like I'm
scrubbing through you know what I do
when I cut up the the twitch episodes is
I kind of just click on every 5-10
minutes and see what we're talking about
and write it down yeah or the
description yeah and you know usually
our conversations will last about that
long 2 to 5 minutes and and so I'm doing
that with Richards episode and it's just
dead silence click next five minutes
dead silence click next five minutes oh
that was nothing I'm just saying it's
fine I had nobody to talk to Jack I've
listened it's tough it's tough when
there's no one to bounce on when you did
yours completely so Lauren how you did
did you not talk as much no I talked to
probably more really yeah you just like
hearing your dad voice Jack that's very
true
or perhaps I'm a constant professional
professional no it's fine it's fine also
like I just I you know what I would do I
would literally write down a list of
things to talk about and if the chat
ever dried up I would just go to my list
and be like hey here's what's in the
news and blather on endlessly about it
so you're too laid-back to blather on oh
my god I have like super strong opinions
right for the most part so sorry got
hacked
that certainly happen it's true okay I
have one more I have one more movie
title that I want to get out here okay
there's still writing titles I you know
yeah he's taking a suite last time my
lord can I have another piece of paper
no she's run out of paper
pardon the noise was adjusting the mic
is dropping the mic I was one of the
pieces of equipment so as I mentioned to
the chat earlier we got a new audio
recorder I upgraded from the h4n zoom
audio recorder to the h6 which has
multiple XLR ends you can control each
of them with a physical knob it's a
piece of equipment that I'm very excited
about when things are plugged into it it
looks like some sort of electronic
insects it was like something out of
eXistenZ I don't understand that
reference David Cronenberg movie Wow
okay
it does look something like something
out of a David Cromer oh my god this is
taking so long
whatever didn't rich just say like five
seconds ago that he was really laid back
I don't know did he he did has that
other room I switch between extremes I
guess yeah there's some ripped up paper
for you
which does so I sold some equipment I
had lying around one of which was my old
keyboard and I was holding on to it
because I figured it was like I could
always use it as a midi keyboard but of
course it's you know it's like a full
synthesizer keyboard that I used to play
cuz I used to be in a band and it's like
I don't need this yeah I got a really
decent price for it and I got very
sentimental about it mm and I don't you
know I and and then I realized something
very important people often ask us about
like where we met yeah and I realized
that being in a band is literally
literally led to me meeting you guys
that's true yeah yeah now someone who is
in my band too started another band with
Jays friend Dixie yeah
and you know you might have recognized
Dixie from the Grabowski episodes and
she introduced us that's great that
crazy did I did I ever meet you before
you show up to shoot that garbowski
scene like was it the first time we ever
even met probably I mean we saw each
other like out at shows and stuff maybe
yeah
but that might have been our first
meeting Oh weird I know life is weird
life is weird but I got rid of it I got
rid of my keyboard I haven't touched it
in about a year he's been in my basement
for a year yeah yeah I don't get any
sort of sentimental attachment to
equipment yeah no not really it's like
if we upgrade to a new camera I have no
problem selling off the old camera I
have no attachment to it camera you just
you used everyday no I actually
destroyed in a movie I made uh 1012
years ago my the camcorder the VHS
camcorder that I grew up making movies
on a shot all sorts of stuff in
elementary school and junior high in a
movie I made years later I actually
destroyed that on camera that VHS
camcorder because I didn't care I've
been there multiple times all right
destroy my old camera on camera
yeah I don't know this I that is a
problem for me in general like I hold on
to stuff for way way too long yeah
okay I'll be back it looks like we're
back we have no idea what happened no no
nothing at nothing happened so probably
North Korea's fault
oh that can't
Kim Jong Gymkhana hyung you can't get
out of our twitch he's getting really
desperate for things to hack it this way
he said how do I top Sony oh I know this
video game this small radio game stream
out of Wisconsin no one will see it
coming
hahaha and then he writes a little note
that says I'm a cunt okay okay yes we
all saw the Frank Miller Wikipedia oh
god yeah I got all day what are they
they freeze that up so you can't keep
making changes it is back to normal now
you know I don't understand why people
would do that we explicitly said in the
video do not do this it was it's really
bizarre
because Wikipedia is meant for factual
information thank you and PG tipps 785
thank you for subscribing
do you give tips on how to get your
movie to be a perfect PG rating PG tipps
counting me parental guidance I forgot
it more general sense isn't that it's
like a redundancy though for parental
guidance tips I will give you tips I'm
guiding your children what I don't know
what you're talking about sorry I mean I
deal but but I don't poor Evans thank
you for subscribing
that's a lovely pun rich
and if you don't get it yeah see like
Rich's name yeah what does that call a
homonym well in two words when it's like
the same word it has two different
meanings well that's not rich and porton
I'm the same meaning you know Richard
rich is the same word that's two
different me oh yes mr. Damon rich yeah
Oh Edwards I'm not poor heavens no I I'm
I'm lost my brain has turned to jello I
don't know what's going on anymore all I
know is best of the worst and Silent
Night deadly night part two that's all
I've got anymore that's all you need to
know J see if I can figure out this what
the fuck situation people are very upset
that they're not getting any what the
fuck's playback devices oh you guys play
back device okay I'm done oh my god that
took me half as long as it took you yeah
how many titles did you guys do each I
even count these one just whatever came
near by three I only did like six or
seven five rich also the chat is
complimenting you on your prank phone
call oh yeah yeah something I would
reiterate for myself masterful to me
it's not as impressive as the airplane
one well it's it's more over-the-top
obviously so it's a different type of
thing yeah just visualizing the the
planks going around New York City and
them filming a CI creates good visuals
in my mind but that one was 100%
completely off the top of my head I
almost cheated yeah the last one cuz I
noticed earlier that there was a 800
number in the back of the box uh I got
off the wheel uh-huh so I was expecting
that all night
oh really notice thing what am I gonna
do what am I gonna do oh I don't know
that yeah so I was in my head okay it
wasn't all 100% there but I got hearing
I see well now it sucks yeah it does
hateful full disclosure yeah it's a good
movin yeah we did not miss a subscriber
we got poor Evans was our last
subscriber we got him or her or them and
PG tipps yeah we got all the subscribers
so damn jet I'll reach there there's a
subscriber from a while ago hold on I'm
getting Compaq desk Pro eight zero eight
six thank you for subscribing if we
missed you I apologize
alright it looks it looks like we're
back and so I just want to take this
time now to say I am sorry Kim Jong on I
apologize for saying negative things
about North Korea it will never happen
again
no I won't say anything bad about Kim
jong-un in the next half of the bag what
kind of okay yeah I was gonna say what
kind of bad things should we not say
about Kim Jong on we will not talk about
how your country is a joke and
impoverished we will not talk about how
while you're most of your country
starves you seem rather poorly we will
not talk about the laughable propaganda
that you put out to your people thinking
that it's cool these are a button these
are examples of things we won't say not
say okay well that's good I'm glad
that's out of the way yeah dodged a
bullet
are you ready to go we are we are so who
wants to go first
I'm not me okay I'll go first you're the
veteran all right I'm the veteran okay
so rich okay okay put me in the hot seat
I have the hat set that we're gonna have
to write down then yeah we will do you
need another piece of paper
no I killing me with the paper
yeah we're not being very eco-friendly
I'm gonna I'm gonna open up a new oh
come on with the internet the trees have
had it better than they've had it -
that's true
you're right this is a golden time for
trees okay I have a new blank document
okay all right where's my where's my
lousy moss okay so what I need to see
what you grab so I can well I haven't
grabbed anything yet I want I want to
make sure like I can go yeah I want to
see - okay I want to I want a thicker
brush here don't we all that's funny cuz
it's a penis joke are you talking about
how do we nobody does nobody has since
1997 the only time I've ever played
around with mspaint was that one night
for the stream go bigger yeah and this
paint looks like it's a shitty program I
mean it's yeah can you just open up a
new window no I suppose you know what I
suppose you're in okay great so now get
out of a race or go back to pencil all
right okay can aim I'm gonna pick get it
get ready everyone so now it's your job
Jan rich said monitor the chat and for
this first one not subscriber only mom
sure oh okay okay okay
Ju I won't yell out an answer of course
but if I get it all I'll make a note
that I got her okay I've picked
I have picked a random movie title from
the head and we have an actual hat Thank
You Jay it's the Hat that rich is
wearing in the breakdance conclusion to
one of the best of the worst is the very
same hand you're right
all right okay are you ready and here we
go okay I need to watch gremlins before
Christmas okay do this we can get our
Paint Bucket Oh No what did you do I
messed up right can I hear it
there we go okay I fixed it but I got to
start over now okay absolutely this is
absolutely vital trust me I got this I
got this all right okay a little bit
like this
think I have an answer like this Seven
Samurai uh it scrolled up I can't see it
because there's so many people in check
somebody somebody got Seven Samurai how
do you get that so quick cuz that looks
like a samurai there's only so many
movies with samurai the title okay
that's the chat in slow mode would that
help I mean it would help but I don't
know if I'm gonna be that guy I'm gonna
be that guy I think might be the one
that got it you are the more levy is yes
that's the first one I see yeah okay
hold on we're gonna write it down down
you got Seven Samurai can you uh we're
gonna need to find they're like well get
ahold of you through twitch okay and a
later point yeah I'm gonna feed that guy
I'm good
gon na so we just take a turns doing
this yeah sure wait I do and na is it
just felt like how it's normally spell
uh I'll read it off to you
okay I am G Oh in a b e th a t GUI great
you are first winner so now I'm gonna be
that guy if you can refrain from
guessing for at least a couple at least
the next four winners okay
winners I'm gonna be that guy
congratulations I can't believe you got
that so quickly
oh fuck there you go actually you know
and I don't care about guessing I want
to know what they are more curious to
see how you draw but leftover beefcake
yes there might be spiders did you shit
huh did you no okay rich has chosen
where do you go from new and the blue
thing down no oh all right no I don't
want to say man let's be shit how do I
do this
all right here we go how do you do okay
I got my eye on the chat I know I can
visualize what to do in my head what the
hell is that oh I see what yeah probably
not the best route but hey justjust
watch that jet yeah I'm on it and Jay
you'll get a chance
nothing not even close huh hold on up
there gallon fearful sludge boy yes it
is Mac and me after your fall sludge
bull you're full of one word spell just
how it sounds uh-huh you know what I'm
gonna do that makes it even easier I'm
gonna copy and paste there you go
beautiful sludge boy you got Mac and me
you guys are quick okay okay yes that
looks that's a great macaroni what also
what some let's go ahead and put this in
slow mode
oh god that should be a slow boat I've
just put it in slow mode okay the room
is now in slow mode so now you guys can
only send one message yeah because that
now it's more of a challenge
you can't just spam answers yeah all
right Jay how do you want me to do it's
your turn okay