Invisible Inc. Jack Run (Part 2)
September 13, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVVZDX3yEtU

that's not I got a plan I got a plan I
got a plan
rich I was not liking Buster just
turning on both Facebook and doing it
right now
rich what is your opinion on bacon
everyone loves bacon everyone loves
bacon
I know multiple vegetarians or they
always say if I were to eat a meat of
course it would in the past card lottery
yep rich what's the best full season of
TNG the old boom three or four that's
usually the best season of any show for
whatever reason it always seems like
that's when it Peaks arabe yeah they
work the bugs out and I'm gonna fine
tune it yeah and then they've done
everything they can by the end of three
or four and that's where things get
tricky how do we keep this fresh yeah oh
how about another little kid oh we just
got rid of our little kid shit I like
season 2 more than most people and I
find dr. Pulaski to be infinitely more
interesting than dr. crusher pressure
always just comes off as being so stupid
what this kids like fit as dr. crusher I
am doing smart with the stress bad soap
opera actress to be good she's got the
whole she's got the whole Picard thing
Pulaski had a much better relationship
with a card okay right but that's the
whole point of dr. crusher is like is
star-crossed lovers that never paid off
they had bad chemistry they did have bad
chemistry that's true that is true
that way for this card to go get out
here guard
all right all right we got this now
which is this generations rich little
with them impressions see oh I already
stole from hitting that's right
sneaky little spy have you got them
farther than Richton I haven't been
paying attention so this is the third
level and I think we said I think I died
on the I think I died on the floor which
died on the fourth so it's it's possible
that I might you're you're you're in
better shape Magus I was saving money
for the Nanofab machine to get items
well you already have your characters
leveled off the privates yeah yeah like
twice as much movement as I did when I
died
someone's asking about the Bill and Ted
movies do you guys like Bill and Ted
yeah yeah yeah they're fine movies I
love the second one the second one is so
bizarre
yeah like Ramones to where it's just
like a completely batshit take on on the
first one yeah it's really creative it's
a better movie that the first one is a
little more generic comedy not really
generic I guess they are time-traveling
but compared to the second one it feels
more normal it's been so long since I've
seen the first one I might agree with
you yeah but I want to see the first one
again tomorrow and confirm that okay the
second one is pretty damn good though
the second one is just so creative and
all these creature designs and William
Sadler is the grim reaper area yes it's
really good yeah they're doing the
Seventh Seal but they're playing like a
clue yes our movie I really like that
with me a lot bogus charity and they
have like the Android replacements hey
babes we're gonna build good robot
version of the most evil movement parts
from like a hardware store yes
you know what imagination yes yes it's a
very imaginative sequel I think both
movies even the first one but our son is
- yeah it's it's a pretty generic like
looks like we have Toit has art history
right teenagers go over their head yeah
they're out of their element to do
something but they put a new twist on it
time-travel right yeah and George Carlin
and George Carlin can't go wrong he
makes everything better
yes yes that's a simple statement yep
where can you go you get in there she
can get out yeah she can't she can't she
can steal from him and hide not that way
though you've already sold for me no I
stole from him okay here's a really
important thing with this game like you
need to if ya don't run it in front of
their line of sight accidentally right
like you need to pick your path properly
there we go all right suppose that dark
do you have enough to get back behind
that console if you steal from it uh
yeah okay yeah barely barely barely
risky maneuver yeah yeah you know what
it was did I don't know if I can prove
fully of that I mean it works yeah I
guess you'll have to okay well you did
it doesn't mean I have to approve it it
was just an unsanctioned action he's
gone rogue
I move Deckard over here he'll see me
yeah
unless it turns the other way well
captain neckbeard was George Carlin and
the Dukes of Hazzard movie I never saw
it cuz know what I barely Nelson was in
it not well maybe George going was that
you didn't amusing George Carlin was
only Nelson or I'm doing it to be funny
maybe but they are different people very
different people I think maybe maybe he
had a cameo and it just like doesn't
make everything better he would make
that movie better yes yeah if he showed
if I was watching the Dukes of Hazzard
movie with Johnny Knoxville yeah and
George Carlin showed up I'd say oh I
suddenly care yes for that what however
long he is on screen for absolutely and
then I would go back to not paying
attention to the movie here's here's a
question not that they ever should but
could they even remake villain 10 today
whatever they have a different means of
time dress everybody watching it will be
like what's a phonebook yeah I wish
defeats the entire purpose yes which I
want to say was it Bill and Ted there's
some time travel movie worthy or no I
think I'm gonna bend back to the future
where the original idea was that the
time travel device was gonna be a
refrigerator back to the future was that
back in the future and all those
refrigerator or a hot tub no it was a
refrigerator because then the producers
were worried that kids would be locking
themselves in refrigerator I want to sit
back to the future okay that sounds
right yeah you can you may like what a
different movie that would have been you
have to take him out she's got no
movement points I know I know but I I
fucking can because this cars gonna come
back Oh Oh everybody Jack's mother died
oh I thought it was you camera uses
cloak I just used it I know I used his
cloak to scout the room so the camera
wouldn't spot me as he cloak this term
as he cloak down no okay
your fuck yeah Terry fuck yeah you know
he's got he's got them the Med gel yeah
hide him absolutely I am revive her and
you're right by the exit
yep oh I'm not going for the exit I'm
gonna revive her and keep going hey all
right
okay Jack's gonna lose what's on this
what song is love oh I forgot yeah yeah
I'm gonna move here I'm at yeah wait
wait wait wait wait I can't can't go
there I could go here but then that
guard will see me obviously but he's not
as over one is this something you just
want to do on your own
oh yeah I mean you have an idea would
you want my plan oh here it is everybody
this this is the question do i do i wan
which evidences plan I'm gonna say yes I
mean he probably has the good plan
yes yes okay I don't know for sure if
he's gonna have enough movement to pull
this off okay half decker run okay so go
to Decker well tell me what the plan is
for i want i want to side okay that's
fine that's my first half decker run
then have him knock out that guy there
yeah then have him run over the door
shut the door move one tile out of the
way then run her up to the door and have
her go on overwatch Oh My Jesus rich
that's kind of brilliant that's my plan
that's a great plan I'm running
okay yep knock his ass out run over here
now you either either either move him
over or cuz that other guy in the other
room now he actually might come to
investigation so you might be better off
hiding Deckard in the other room and
dragging this lady pants in the other
room with you sure cuz I can both reach
that room but that's that's your call
wait what oh this guy in this room here
yeah he heard that yeah he's gonna
investigate so you can either hide
decorative here or you can run decorate
and miss lady pants into that room and
then go on over watch from the other
side of that door
those are your options okay that's who
those are good option yeah all right
let's do that
all right Deckard yeah you got those
little points
that door yeah
or watch
okay all right let's see what happens
let's see the carnage initial cameras oh
yeah investigate all you want you know
okay okay right now we're gonna go all
up to you
we're gonna do a little more exploring
yes they're coming in here yes they are
they're coming in here I want it I want
it I want this movie I want something
worth it that's what's that a safe sure
that's gonna be working for me that's
something that's what's a man 230 eyes
high that's something shut that door
okay lady pants I like how rich is
acting like he's been playing this game
all his life while Jack is playing him
for the first time right now uh richest
bit rich plays these kind of games more
often than I do
Oh check this out yeah okay
okay
I bet as well okay all right you know I
I'm an action gamer I I like the the
muscle memory this is the shootie pow
pow and Oh Jackie are you doing I'm
doing I'm doing fine I feel like I'm
doing fine
listen that's the room
what's the room that's the room where
your things I have I can tell the one in
here yeah what thinking oh my god oh oh
that's right the high level item yeah
it's gonna be in the red door that's
gonna be in there in the red door
yeah oh I have the thing yeah great
great Mac likes games with grooves
I do like games or throws you know why
that's the best strategy okay open the
door with her first so you can just see
it on pac-man just gonna be a safe oh
you can't see it her money okay
Deckard you're just gonna hang out there
and hope he doesn't come in I'm
imagining rich going to the bathroom
with Jack and looking over his shoulder
at the urinal and directing the action
you know what that's a weird thing to
admit but man out there it's been an
evening of people saying weird things I
guess I am bemused
get the magic item magic item volt
disrupter three armor-piercing - knocks
a guard up for four turns all right
that's pretty good yeah like that I'll
take that all right now we're getting
the fuck out of here
so Deckard this guy is gonna come here
and investigate this theoretically
saying this for the stream if I move
Deckard over here he might not see me he
might not
I could zap him but I think I want to
save my SAP oh I want to I want to
interject your own you're not kind of
coming oh sure rich rich cannot not
backseat play Kenny I asked Jack that's
right times if you wanted my advice yeah
that was that was consensual
rich rich was a gentleman we went on a
carriage ride and then he gently' a
backseat game to me damn it right here
okay okay all right lady fans damn movie
already all right all right
investigating right now you're facing
towards a wall where you going next
though are you gonna stay right there
great oh that's perfect this is perfect
this is gonna work okay lady lady can go
right old lady can go oh well maybe lady
can go right here and he'll walk right
past yeah yeah oh wait are you going
you're going right there I got nothing
oh wait we don't know where he's going
next unless he's the one that's gonna
check out that room that's possibility -
I'm not sure damn it
right Oh lady can go all the way over
here and that won't help whatever
look dude the question mark thing over
that guy's head see if the guy in the
room with Deckard someone that's gonna
check out that thing see where he's
going doesn't tell you look at him if
you should it's hunting there's no
arrows oh so they both have exclamation
points I would assume that he's the one
coming over here yeah but I don't know I
don't know but that means this guy's
just standing here
okay so I could hide here and both of
either one of them would pass by me ah
but then I'm further away uh yeah
yeah I I don't know what to tell you
that's okay I don't know either way I'm
getting out of this room yeah close that
door if I want to play it safe I would
hide here and let them pass me if I
wanted to if I assume that this is the
guy going to this one I can go here and
get a little more movement points but if
it's this guy that's checking it out
he'll see me right away I'm Finn is that
guy see you if you're up against that
door you can always just close the door
on his face that's true and they know
you're there anyway
great yeah okay Deckard though he can
run right past this fucker where am I
going
there's the elevator okay great great
great there's no point closing for
anyone who's interested there was no
point closing the door cuz this guys
coming out anyway yeah once they're
agitated they leave doors open it yeah
so okay here we go let's see what
happens Oh miniature going forward
this is kind I don't know does it see me
hey well not over yet
fuck oh yeah no it's not over yet I can
zap them yeah
what was he he was supposed to go this
way fuck you fucker okay alright sheep
yeah I mean I have to zap oh she might
be able to make it one step through the
door without getting shocked why can't
his Apple why I mean no way you wouldn't
have to waste movement to get over there
hey yeah no I mean okay
that's what I should be able to sample
this one I can't well she oh she can't
because she's looking right at you can't
zap them on right now when they're right
in your face and looking at you and
aiming their gun I'll find Deckard then
come here you have your zappy
somebody's saying game over yeah
I came over yet not just yet you're
alive somehow you can still get back in
that room yeah oh yeah and I got this
and international can get oh no no no no
no this way international oh I guess I
could
Oh Internationl can make it all the way
to the fucking elevator yeah she could
which I want to does Decker have a cloak
to give to give to her to use no I mean
to use yeah get to get to the elevator
yeah yeah okay okay check this out
that's fun I'm getting the fuck out of
here
in the fuck out of Dodge whoop-whoop
enter yeah I just moved okay that's a
Juggalo thing is I know all about that
boo Boop yeah that's what they say to
each other is it that's what that's what
we say to each other
Juggalos okay use coke coke used Jack
you did it I did it you did it I did it
I took a big leap in it was that what
level four that was little three sorry
okay if I could make it past the next
level I'm the thief returns for all time
and that was just me running I
definitely would have died okay upgrades
it's like it doesn't even matter not
really I have all the stuff I want hey
personally I'd save it in case of found
a good item yeah
yeah they both can pickpocket and they
both have a hot the highest movement
points boss no international hacking is
not bad yeah did you get more power from
hacking consoles and she can tackle our
concept yeah yeah okay alright oh oh we
got some more I got some more missions
detention center fuck that vestibule
what's a vestibule Oh nanofied oh no no
that that's the the machine that gives
you good items as far as people saying
this game isn't that enough not violent
enough for them you can buy guns and
kill people
and you you can hack turrets and turn
the turrets on to shoot at enemies if so
there is violence we just haven't been
pertaining at him I did a run once where
I got a gun early on yeah and I try I
tried a hundred percent violence wrong
yeah where it's just like I shoot it I
got a gun and extra ammo yeah and I just
shot everyone I came across lost
instantly the alarm goes up there's a
there's a an upgrade that when you kill
people the alarm doesn't go off that
would so if you have that that's easier
to do that's the problem everything to
kill someone
the to make everything harder alarm goes
up ah and so yeah there's ways around
your point that one is to try and be
more stuff right you want to be a sneaky
look I'd rather play a game where you
just shoot everyone all the time though
okay sure sure
like what are good games to just shoot
everyone all the time literally every
other day DuckTales everyone although
you will not have a problem finding a
game where you shoot everyone I don't
know that seems really uncommon in video
okay do I want to go don't want to go
for a nano do I want to go for a Nanofab
or a detention center
he personally is okay this is your call
so so then the question is but go down
oh wait wait your credits that's the
thing all right detention detention
attentions heavily guarded all right the
other two very guarded very guarded on
the sides there's no other one should
even look at oh yeah those snuck a
server farm and server farm all right
I've had a lot of money I could use
another player they'll be your odds of
kidding I'm gonna Clare are low but
that's Sam yeah yeah yeah that's the
mission I got killed on is the detention
center it's right so don't want to avoid
it in hopes of beating you or do I want
to show you up even more you want to
show me up I know I am I going for the
mission that you failed
and a fab I mean I'm gonna try to show
you they're all Kristen hi okay all
right okay rich is gonna give me really
bad advice
Jack you should run every turn
Ron every turn we're gonna get it done
as fast as possible you're absolutely
right oh oh oh this is one with the
droids what's that that's a robot you
haven't seen them I haven't seen that
before
oh you're in for a treat Oh does not
detect sound electrical attacks do you
know damn it you can't knock them out
though you have a gun with high
armor-piercing you could kill them you
can have them
oh I just got access to all the security
doors oh okay you can hack them but it
only lasts for one term chair and you'll
see if you haven't played on these
levels before you probably haven't seen
the sound bugs before you see that see
that red glowing ripple yeah that's a
sound bug if you run near that it'll
alert the guards that something's going
on this so it's like it's like a
microphone sure clucking hey you can
hang up yeah okay I don't know if it's
worth even having it I hacked it alright
alright that's a robot
of course you don't what's this
okay but I don't know hey that's my I
ever what
ready ready that you saw you
yeah in the starting room Oh Jack it's
okay cuz I'm a dummy you knew he was in
there I fuck you knew he was in there oh
I'm a big dummy
yes you are you might want to move her
to I can't oh oh she's at about that
point you might get lucky
you might get lucky he might not go over
further up see her she could still be
uncover guys I'm sorry I'm a big dummy
oh hello looks like an objective that's
convenient
alright okay alright
he doesn't see her
doesn't see air yet how can she move
there she can move various great okay
that just gets her out of his way and
and I can move here yeah fucking hell
great this is just great you get you can
cloak him and run him in yeah yeah
that's what I would have to do fuck
she's she's probably safe yeah I think I
might hide her behind the door okay hold
on running it oh wait got closed that
door runnin
I want to get too far away from this
console actually I could probably just
go cuz I'm sure here turn
hello yes okay but actually I'm just
gonna stay
hi Corinne ah fuck another derp guy as
well hack right away
get him oh fucking hell I don't know who
you are but if you get me out you won't
regret it
he has wealthy benefactors it may be
worth our while to help him laughs fuck
I don't care about that shit I wanted
another agent so I should just be able
to stay here and walk right past me
pretend it was it sorry I guess I could
move over what happened man that does
man there might I can move this good
what happened wait where you I am moving
or not moving I'm not moving I'm fine
what was the question
nothing everything's good you sure it's
something like it no I came over there
huh why did you remember there because
he's gonna come in and look over here
she's just stick glue and cover over
there okay you got a hundred eighty
degrees and cover okay well that's great
the way you don't want to be his next to
that door because he's gonna peek out
once they do the check he's gonna look
either way yeah if she's next to the
door this is all father's me ball games
like this
it's well with if you understand the
rules of the game it makes perfect sense
no but in real life if you look through
the door it's here here and not here
ducking behind the thing you do know
what you're looking at is not real life
though right
this isn't security camera footage he
thinks he's playing a murder some you
okay
it's like XCOM office space yes yeah
yeah let's that's fair
oh look he didn't even need anyone he
might oh shit he's got another turn to
go he's still to see it says stationary
but I think he's moving fucking this guy
oh oh he's going back he's going back
this is the thing about this game very
tense you can get there but if you can
get through this with the prisoner I'll
give you total props yeah okay well you
know what I have the prisoner already I
just need nine exit nine oh okay what
are we gonna do here Deckard you got you
got all the world to hide in we don't
know where he's gonna get though oh here
yeah we could probably get away with
going here from wait I don't want you
you know you don't know what I'm gonna
give you the bad advice all right oh yes
Angry Robot Master goes away that seems
to be his new stationary spot great so
we need him to move yes we do get just
barely in a site near the bottom corner
right give and move down there there
they go
yes that's what rich Evans would do all
right
unless I'm giving you the bad advice now
you're giving me the bad advice so
theoretically he'll just go there and
stay staring at the corner in theory yes
so I'm gonna take a little bit of a risk
here
this guy has shit movement yes he does
so if I move him here he's in plain
sight but if the guard doesn't turn
around it doesn't matter yes all right
normally I would like moving here so he
stays in cover in case the guard turns
around but last time the guards just
states there at the corner so I'm gonna
I'm gonna hope that that's what happens
this time okay lady fans let's plan
that's the plan see let's see what a
robot pants is doing well that's okay
that's okay no that's okay he'll go
right past me I want to be on it doesn't
matter which side of the door I'm on
right well he's deed makes a little
right out of the door so I wouldn't be
on that side actually
I have enough to get now that's a dumb
idea okay nevermind I'm gonna go okay
and this side and you can see what's in
that room too
I came from that no didn't I I don't
know oh yeah that's yes sir yeah okay
all right that's fine that's fine
okay okay okay getting real get real
getting real
I'm level one that's nothing
oh look I guess there was nothing I'll
just stare in this corner he was a
naughty boy now go stand in the corner
honestly that's ridiculous okay okay
okay wait you can hack the robots
why don't you only get them for a turn
for one turn yes so I mean something
they only have like two mo slots so I
mean give them to shoot at something
else twice oh they're out of bullets
they will still alert rival to your
presence but they won't be able to shoot
you good to know
all right we're gonna do where's she
going her my plan with ladypants
go over here check out what's in this
door then go over here and hide behind
this for when the robot comes back I
didn't shut the door
not super happy about that because there
could be something over here but we got
to keep looking for stuff well you can
get in their head I could yeah I could
get a headband head goodbye I want yeah
but I want to I want to see what's in
CalPERS okay what's this use that a
console to increase the amount of power
generated by one no that's good for her
dad yeah that's great
it's like I really want to see what's in
these rooms to see where these guys are
going okay all right man pants now he's
still in there mate well but man pants
just could be right here because this
guy's not going anywhere right
somebody's saying not true they have a
limited animal no you're wrong I've made
robots run out of ammo a pickpocket I've
done this before
oh I stole your money great you put them
right in front of the door where she'll
be able to move for further
Jerry you're right you're absolutely
right okay
here we go
robot goes out now yeah
robot hangs out there and that's a fine
place to hang out so now now is hard we
get to the tricky part no no no so the
plan is prisoner who has very little
movement can move fuck no I can't
so the plan is Deckard moves in here the
robot comes in we hack him then the
prisoner uh you get the rope well I'd
get the prisoner out first in that one
corner I can't get the prisoner here oh
he can't move get that far how far gonna
get you can't be can only get he'll hey
you know oh yeah yeah shit movement oh I
could get the prisoner over here let the
robot go back that's a good plan well no
cuz he's right next to that Doris he's
only gonna have further to move in the
next turn if you put him there yeah but
I can get him out here hack the robot in
it and lately get him somewhere you know
like yeah he's got shit movement get him
here
Deckard here close that door just in
case that guard decides to move I could
even get Deckard all the way in here
might be a bad idea that might be a
terrible idea you can hide them behind
that one thing next to the robot is for
where's that that deal there you put
them there here yeah
alright should run should go right past
them yeah you should
it's your call that's that's tricky
though we don't know which way the robot
turns left or right if everyone turns
right it'll be fine if it turns left you
might see him I'm gonna I'm gonna play
it safe but he's going into that room
that you're enough Rowan's coming here
yeah why would he turn this turn around
oh no no no no no you don't think they I
don't think so okay that might be bad
advice I'm gonna play safe okay I'm
gonna play safe I mean that's Jack I do
what you will I will I will do it I will
I just gotta find that elevator that's
my only goal in life is to find that
elevator guards over here okay all right
come on digger you can do this
right I already hacked that that's fine
okay close that door
okay well maybe we can see what's in
here I need to see if the elevators over
here
not the elevator you're looking for no
right that's the bad guy yep no there's
so this that's dead end
that's not what we're going for though
okay but that's good to know that's good
to know that's a dead end
so that means what we're looking for is
over here somewhere and my guess is if
the guards are over here well right
randomly generated it could be in that
room in the other side of hers right in
there yeah you don't know but then again
as Mario Maria 42 says rich doesn't want
you to go further than him so it's true
I don't know how much you can I just
don't know looks benign
I even make it over yes
come on elevator come on elevator come
on elevator fuck come on what is this oh
this is the weight does not stick sound
that's the different as ultram oh
fucking fuck oh fuck ah okay that's fine
that's fine rich Evans confirmed
saboteur and bad friend fYI the Cubs
lost good I mean I'll be over here right
because this this remote oh this room
has a door in it I know he moves so slow
and I'll have to hack the drone the ones
yeah
probably this turn and I can hack him
from anywhere right no I have to be
close
yep see him I see him okay so I'll have
to get Deckard over here hack the drone
I can well can you get the prisoner
behind that door now uh no no can you
getting it on behind the console I could
but like what I'll produce just move the
prisoner here hack the drone then we'll
get another turn in which one two three
four five I can get the prisoner into
this door then you can put him behind
that console I could does hacking the
drone alert it you want you don't want
him to see it if he sees you before you
hack it there'll be an alert and the
alarm will go up yeah but I can't put AB
right in the middle of the room then I
guess you if you have to roll out this
term yeah I'm moving the prisoner here I
move Deckard over here here I'll start
Deckard if Decker needs to come back
this way any man right it's a move
Deckard here Hey sneak look at the robot
I'm not going to tell you what to do
don't tell me what to do not gonna grab
this okay
okay so ja I can shakes he has this can
you power despair that might not be just
constantly happy in might not be the
worst thing and now I can take the
prisoner and just move plum in the
middle of the room because that robots
not going anywhere you can move the
robot further away - what do you mean I
can you can like just movie Higgins
yours.you oh really yeah look on
uh-huh-huh so you can move Decker out of
the way and I can start moving the robot
I'm into that other room I think I
remember the robot enter this room uh
well you might need to go that way
oh that's really funny that's really
fine that's great
okay so then Deckard over here
and then I can move the robot oh that's
super hilarious and close the door ooh
he made noise the robot makes noise and
the fucking yeah rich Evans see this is
not my fault this is a little bigger
fall you can get out of the situation
with that that guards gonna go to check
on that noise here it's Connor he heard
the robot the one end of the prison room
thank ya no I can't I have no moral
movement points for this guy well he can
he can go behind the console he gets one
movement before you get shot once where
he fits one square you can actually move
him right behind that console and he
won't get shot ah but you're gonna have
to deal with him you might need to hack
the robot haven't you robot come in and
shoot the guard
I hope Deckard is gonna hide well let's
deal with other things first lady baby
fan nicely done a red she didn't suspect
a thing I swear to god that was nothing
trying to screw you I didn't realize
that the robot would would make garter
learning noises
what's the fucking point in hacking them
this is the robots oh well yeah I'm
moving the robot apparently is the same
thing as running ok noted noted wrote it
these are the things you learn I did not
I swear to God I did not know I believe
and I feel bad a few loose bits ok
that's ok
what the fuck is this elevator this
might be it this could be in like 8
doors yeah no there's this whole area
that I don't want to go through ok what
can I do here what can I do here does
this guy have nothing this guy has
nothing there's gonna be somebody else
and there's gonna be some blood ok I
might might see the first bit of
violence in this game
alright let's see what happens or you
just leave the prisoner to die and leave
I mean we have them I know I would feel
a lot better
okay okay so now we can take the
prisoner he can safely go down yeah
this location is hidden yes damn it they
got away he's just he's right there guy
I don't know if there's any chance of
getting Deckard in there and next to him
you can either do that or you could go
and hack the robot to have the robot
shoot ya dekaranger those are your two
options Deckard can go and zap them I
would rather have Deckard zap him yeah
okay okay I have to have the prisoner
close the door yeah
fuck uh you know is the prisoner should
go and we should move the prisoner yeah
whatever you wish
one thing yeah I'm gonna bow how many
now sure you keep looking for an
elevator all this shit's going around
there's just nothing in it might be
enough there might be nothing in there
there is that's just that's just the
laser walls into nothing that's I've
seen that like two or three times but
the fuck you know what though Jack what
you can try to guy you knock down into
one of those look oh there it is there
you go there it is then that's the exit
okay this is totally doable tense okay
super super tense here's what we do we
need ladypants
are you still talking about the game
I just meant he just wants lady pants
just in general I mean I'm you know
learned a the form-fitting they look
good okay okay okay okay
the robot is back on Patrol yes this is
the other thing we need to worry about
you get hack it again yeah Deckard can
Decker can just go in there and hack it
this guy is down now for how many turns
six
that true exam for six turns oh yeah
yeah this is the captain he goes down
for six turns but when he goes down
other people actually go to check on him
right oh yeah that's right that's what I
have to worry about nobody out checking
out okay well I think the robot might be
the one doing the checking that would be
great let's hope that's a I don't I
don't know I know
well either way I'm gonna get you might
want to just start getting him on there
yeah Idaho's good yeah yeah okay good I
can go in there we're gonna hack that
robot again
okay I just can we're gonna close that
door get out of the way
like I want to move the robot know what
the answer is no but someone's coming in
here so the smart thing might just be to
hide the prisoner back here no okay
who's going in here all right who's
gonna hear this is you know this is this
is a wait and see what happens okay
we're gonna give this another turn
ladypants is gonna get a little closer
cuz then we'll have her zapper which
will probably need whatever Oh God yeah
there's two question marks now why is it
two question marks now I don't know
because somebody's alerted to noise or
somesuch and the question marks for the
guards like the hood monitor the
whatever it is right people check out
the guard right right
okay that's fine ah maybe it's just I'm
doing this you don't even know how much
I got it which do I need open I need
these open no I don't even need
thumbs-up it fuck everything's great we
just need to fund these guys yeah yeah
but I need international I need that
extra maybe oh and that's fine
cuz now that we see it we can hack it
okay okay that's fine I was actually
really hoping your pool about running
out of juice I got 12 I know but it's
two for every firewall yeah so basically
you have six hacks okay okay that's fine
that's fine that's all we need okay
that's all we need this is great this is
perfect okay so hack this yeah start
let's start moving that guy absolutely
this is the plan this is totally gonna
work
this is totally gonna work with doing
this guy's I'm gonna be rich Evans is
this J is sleeping right now
that's my everything's I'm sleeping yeah
that's right okay it does a game stream
I mean I don't think anybody cares about
that no no you guys are done do I keep
playing okay great I'm gonna go back to
sleep
and now we just wait that's all we need
to do that's can close it up indoors
yeah okay fucking fucking shit and we
cuz agar can't get past that robot okay
now nice lady
oh I'm check there's that robot do we
sell that uh no okay so then we just act
again and hack again and we see how far
that prisoner can get to run alone you
do that one more time that's okay that's
all we need that's all we needed what's
the fucking doors you can absolutely
this is all we need
it's like no Deckard has enough to get
through right first Deckard's yeah
Decker has enough movement to get thrown
one and wanna go I'd move that one robot
as far away from you as I could to just
so he's not in your way
this one no no no no I'm not moving him
anymore no more klinke oh okay okay no
more a good boy good boy
no more clanky I learned from my
mistakes the only thing I worry about is
like if this robot clicks on is he gonna
make an alarm when he sees this guy but
that doesn't matter when he's hack so
he's not gonna turn around right okay I
don't think Adam that's it happens
great oh fucking great this is totally
working okay and boom and boom getting
out of here
well whoa too many hotkeys the hotkeys
are hot
essentially can't hack anything else
that's fine I don't need to hack and I
know I know that's fine I'm fine with
that
okay come here you might you might
regret that the next mission what do you
mean you something you're a wacky
playing after this hack points crossover
yes oh hey don't refresh oh I did not
know that well whatever I got out of
this mission that's all that out all
that I care about
okay okay go Decker Go Go Decker go shut
that door focus focus and there's a
fruit fly in here oh god I mean nuts
sorry Jay drive me bonkers things are
chugging look at the chug-chug-chug I'll
fuck out my computer's hot
okay okay good okay everybody's good
everybody's good fucking go you know
what I think one of the problems in this
game is but Holmes gave it a lick hour
hour and a half hour we've been at this
three hours who won back well but you
played a game I played again oh well we
started six and it's like we've almost
been three hours each ah no couple hours
each
we've only been ages I'm saying I'm my
only point is it hurts that much more
when you die yeah yeah it's not like I
don't know here's an hour whatever this
this is painful watch you watch you
you've got a couple hours in and you
lose yeah but you're gonna lose I'm just
saying in general he's gonna lose I
think that I mean I'm gonna lose just
gonna make it up I'm proud of the boy
I'm gonna make it out of this level I'm
gonna make it out of this level
possibly
oh there's nobody in here oh oh oh the
robot that's okay okay okay
I want a peek I have I thank you yeah
fuck
well drop my move extra trouble levels
and you know I've what I'm gonna yeah
it's fine how's that dark okay okay come
on
shim Hana everybody oh it's probably a
camera yeah I'm gonna have Decker go
through in its cloak so I can find that
camera you don't mean to go in with ya
cuz I don't I mean I don't what the
cameras about me okay move ladypants
bye Deckard oh yeah that's me
let's move you first get you out of you
out of sight
great all right Deckert cloak use cloak
close that door I left the door open a
little bit
that camera
how's that camera yeah she is
alright yeah we're doing it thank you
can get there you can get all the way
there
okay great lady pants no one can see you
lady pants can get there
yeah if they're lady anyone there is
backup from prisoner nope okay that
might have been the bad call but no not
anything he's expendable really I mean
it's not like you're losing off my ex or
something
no and you know what with the new
leveling system three is only additional
firewall yeah you know it's not like
more guards are the easy leveling system
it's still the same
yeah yeah so it's like we're playing
listen we're playing on west mode
absolutely
and so because that I knew no more
guards were being added I'm okay I'm
okay taking that okay bye close that
door don't let in the draft don't let in
the draft oh we're doing it doing it the
only thing is if that rope yep hey I
wouldn't want my half way through no no
you're right you're right I don't even
know if I can get one two three four
yeah you know barrel I guess as long as
you got a clear line of sight you know
safe just in case that reminds you get
it okay you've essentially done it your
your
two terms away from having done it it
can't believe that come on you you've
done too good thank you thanks I
appreciate that
oh no I can get in
come on oh good it is free stuff rose oh
fucking hell
look at that 1300 oh my cousin the
higher levels you get more for them
that's good that's good whoo whew
all right let's what's call I don't know
I'm assuming at least a break yeah let's
take a little but we need a little
refresh i hi yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
how many yeah how many people are still
with us okay so some people that fare
about huh it's no fair oh sure yeah it's
just you know we study throughout that
run you lost probably a hundred I'm just
you FTB point when we stopped talking
about bullshit instead of paying
attention I'm sorry everyone I'm sorry
for for stopping talking bullshit jack
officially kept Rich's ass I mean to be
fair I had Richardson so yeah I'm gonna
run a commercial and get some water and
we'll be back in a little bit play
something else
ah you know what I think maybe we'll get
in one more game tonight yeah I think
we'll get in one more game
I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna try the next
level I'm probably gonna die we're gonna
try one more level of this or maybe not
who knows fucking see what happens to
see you and