Cavern Kings - (Part 1) Hack & a Half
October 26, 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k83gsIRUrFE

we're gonna see if this works screaming
laughs New York City I think it's
working by the way it's working I mean
it looks Sam's dreaming nope it's a
loading video for a second than its
stopped
okay okay now it's this loading video
again okay great loading the video
loading the video oh there it is I see
Catherine King's yes good it's working
we are now streaming live from New York
New York City nice nice we're gonna hold
on we're gonna delete the second tweet
here if it's not working for you refresh
your page apparently normally the when
you're streaming through twitch you get
to choose which server you stream
through and normally we stream through
the Chicago server because obviously
it's closest to Milwaukee hey rich why
don't you just talk a little bit so I
can do a quick sound check okay to say
about things you know like really deep
things about feelings great deep things
feelings and stuff you know those are
good feelings I'm hearing the sound
check now oh yeah you sound great rich
great normally we streamed through
Chicago apparently these Chicago servers
are down right now which is why we were
having some issues streaming they're in
mourning for the Bears they died today
oh hi Apollo I didn't catch the final
score I stopped watching when it was it
was was it 50 51 to 23 yeah this that's
a that's a fucking basketball score out
of football score well I'm sorry
all of Chicagoland but oh my god what
the fuck indeed mr. puck thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate him so
in any case that we weren't it wasn't
going on through there so we
server out of Dallas and that's when
everyone was having their problems so
now we are streaming through the New
York server which apparently is robust
enough to handle this we have we have a
subscriber shoutout I already did ha
did you see it ok you did that did I
miss it I did it in the middle of my
little thing were you not listening a
blank god if here's the thing you should
give I'm talking to you and reading chat
that's the problem that's the problem
richezza hard so I'm multitasking I do I
do
mr. buck thank you for subscribing so
for any of you who didn't get to hear
the classy version of all-star I'm just
gonna play the beginning again because I
love it
great rich somebody once told me the
world is gonna believe him but I ain't
the sharpest
but I have now stopped playing the
lounge singer version of all-star it is
it is by no reply if you're gonna
soundcloud and look up all-star Smash
Mouth cover the one by no reply is the
one it's fantastic okay
so Cameron Kings look at this yes look
at this yeah what the fuck oh my god
we got another what the fuck who's that
that's Katie patty hey thank you for
subscribing I bet you do it you did I
beat you to it okay there's a couple
things I want to talk about before we
get started playing one just how much I
love riches reading of the aliens
comment line and how much I love that
you guys love it I'm really glad that
all of you enjoyed it I'm the thing I'm
most happy about is that that that let's
play game or let e play it's not a let's
play he he had a typo in the name of his
YouTube channel hey wha wha fuh Ling Hwa
fouling thanks for subscribing we super
appreciate it so it's TG Chi let e play
not let's play le t Y play
I know right this isn't that guy amazing
he's he wanted us to take that video
down he told us to delete the video well
he can go fuck himself man that should
stand up this I just want to make sure
that everyone understands that if you
make what the fuck oh my god there's
another one what was that one sever a
door separate though thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
when you make a comment in a public
forum like the YouTube comments that's
that's out in the public so we get to do
whatever we want with it oh man and you
know hopefully we can help I think when
we do our charity livestream it will be
for canceled research yeah well he
deleted that too right that's no longer
who did he I think so I could be wrong
look I could I could read more comments
but none of them are going to be as good
as that it's that's really true oh and
by the way a kegger the reason I am so
confused by people subscribing is
because every time someone subscribes
now I get a I get rich saying walk the
flock in my ears and so I'm momentarily
startled I sound confused everybody just
like this meat slab thank you for
subscribing that's a great name beef
meat slab we super appreciate the
subscription in any case rich and I
threw together that little that little
rich reads YouTube comments videos
before last Wednesday stream and I'm
just happy that you guys have enjoyed it
because I enjoy it so we're gonna get
started on cavern Kings I look like shit
in that video though well the thing
everyone needs to understand about that
video is rich was napping yes before
we just we just had an early morning
that day with with space cop stuff
and III got I had like three hours to
sleep that night because I'm a night owl
and I had to get up at the early hour of
9 a.m.
you know I didn't get much sleep and I
saw I was taking a nap before the stream
and then Jack showed up that's right
just kind of wakes me up it's like we're
gonna film this video I'm like what
that's true that's true
oh oh that's right and every one welcome
our new moderator John kilo 3 John Kela
has been with us since the beginning and
every once in a while octo Jay
apparently has something better to do
which is fine and so we've we've donned
a new moderator donkey low to watch
after y'all cuz there was anything we
learned from last Wednesday stream is
you guys can get a little crazy yeah
apparently we need mods we badly we need
mods and so we really appreciate John
kilo stepping up and octo Jay all of
your help oxygen recommend to John kilo
well I'm just gonna make sure that the
game audio is you hear that
I'm just making like little glee please
okay great okay by the way the the main
character I don't know if you've noticed
rich the main character of this game is
named Jack
so I immediate hey okay I know nothing
about cavern kings I literally know
nothing about this game but the
developers of this game sent it to me
and they said this we think you would
like this and so oh my god this is a
weird control scheme so they said we
think you'd like this you want to play
it I said sure does it have controller
support cuz that's all it's my number
one good home
Oh Jack it does it have controller
support and I said it does and it
doesn't
here's the weird thing it's a right to
bumper to jump okay right bumper to jump
so it's a twin stick well that makes
perfect sense then if using a twin stick
well I'm just know it's a it's like
you're a terrific shooter would you
rather let go of the stick to jump that
seems that seems like a logical solution
to me by the way we ready to share
you're absolutely right okay I got a
jackhammer I'm learning how to play the
game live
I got a jackhammer
that's weird so jump is right bumper to
use the jackhammer is left trigger
French very strange this is very strange
rich okay
so far you're just pointing a thing
around on the screen I can't I can't see
you using that thing yet so oh sure sure
it's very very strange weird it's weird
for me to pay attention to the game when
you play because there's such a lag sure
so yeah sure it's fine yeah I get it I'm
supposed to go down this tunnel but I
just kind of want to fuck around with
this jackhammers more so it is a
roguelike you have one life to complete
the game because that is the definition
of roguelike and it's also one
oh it's also randomized so okay right
trigger shoots the other thing you have
oh my god this is great it's also
randomized so every time you play you're
gonna get different weapons
and different levels
and right now facing little eyeball
monsters with the hard hat helmets on
okay right now it's so cute
Jack don't don't all game see better
seem better since we played alien
isolation that's I mean isn't isn't that
the case yes and I know everyone is
gonna call me a hipster or whatever
because I'm playing a 2d side-scroller
with pixel graphics watch me not be more
fun because you know what this is this
seems so far to be like a game these are
visible these are better games this
stream I think yeah I did um over the
past couple of days like there has been
so much I have no idea what I'm doing
everyone should know
and just keep going down and I assume
that's the correct course back to I I
have been watching some people stream
Haley in isolation
mm-hmm and you know just to see like
what do it what do the normal people
think about this game yeah because
apparently we are not normal and that's
fine I'm fine being not normal I've been
not normal most of my life though I mean
are they scared no they're not scared in
fact like the one stream that I saw that
this guy seemed to have like a lot of
viewers and people seem to like all the
things he was saying he got really he
was getting really pissed off that the
game oh really because of how hard it
was and how bullshit it's not it's not
like it's hard it's prappas it's tedious
hiding hiding in a closet that's the
game hide hide in the closet you playing
the game you're doing nothing you're
sitting here doing nothing
yes it's cuz the alien randomly showed
up in the room you're in so now you
gotta do nothing for five minutes but
it's not only tedious it's tedious
No
it's not it's not just tedious it's
tedious and kind of bullshit like
because the alien will just do whatever
it feels like doing there's no there's
no game yep not to harp on an alien
isolation more that's good if the
experience and immersion works but they
don't right that's the thing that like I
there was a good story I do because then
I would have enjoyed it either either
give me a game or an experience but I
don't think neither is acceptable I mean
oh it's a Stanley project that's I mean
not right and keep saying project
Stanley parable yeah that's not I know
that's not really a game but it's
interesting yes it's it's like a
commentary on games ya know some games
have a good story or good atmosphere
oh my god you know people are saying
they can barely hear you
they can barely ex jack snotty oh it's
too low on the games is too high great
you people complain about Jack and now
you want I was when I was playing I
moved away from the microphone a little
bit okay so I'll turn my mic up a little
bit there's my mic and I will turn this
the game down okay
the game is now turned down I am turned
up and I'm close to the microphone
hopefully you have a gig where where you
guys can hear me I have no idea what is
happening in this game is a real thing
oh oh I just died I just died apparently
well that's fantastic that's great
okay I didn't get any power-ups
so you don't you don't know you don't
know what you're doing in the game I
have no idea what I'm doing so what
you're saying is you're running on on
pure instance is that what you would say
that's um that's exactly what I would
say okay okay that's I'm just I'm using
my gamer instance and I'm trying to
don't don't about stuff I don't like
well I got a shovel this time instead of
a jackhammer it's never getting old as a
he it's so beauty years from now I'm
gonna be calling people crocodile brain
as you should it's never going to get
old does my laughter cure cancel you
know I got I got cancer down
thank your cancer but I don't know about
cancel oh absolutely absolutely
that's really funny whoever said that
congratulations on being super funny
okay okay I think I think I'm getting
what this game is all about which is
very exciting for me what is it about
Jack I have no idea I said I think I'm
getting it I don't I don't have it I'm
just I'm just watching a tiny square
shoot at eggs yeah that's that's what
I'm doing so far
that's the game a lot did you lose your
your jackhammer yeah this time I got a
shovel okay random random weapon a sign
Inge okay okay this time I have a shovel
and a nail gun so far and I don't know
if it's better maybe worse I don't know
oh boy oh that I got a thing I can
periodically throw knives now so we got
that going for us
oh I can just hold down the trigger
button that's good to know
oh my god yeah so this is very this is
very like very risk of raining if this
is very risk of rain IANA NES so what's
to keep you from just continuously
digging down why why bother messing
around with enemies good question I
assume yeah okay so enemies level me up
and maybe make me for more powerful and
then I get I collect these little gems
after I kill them and I assume those
gems will be used for something at some
point
oh yeah like here I can purchase this
thing which I just did oh okay I just
purchased a thing that leaves a trail a
trail of fire well that's good but now I
move hella slow
oh but that's really I just said he'll
also I'm not necessarily proud of that
but
nothing absolutely nothing that is the
correct answer rich oh oh I did okay
I'm not very good at like managing my
health apparently uh-huh
Jack should play alien isolation you're
right I traded that in and I have no
regrets I never ever trade in anything
no you know the one good thing about
alien isolation is when I bought it
there is a promotion so I got a tf2
Scout outfit yeah yeah and I'm really
excited about that
yeah the Steam version so you're not
trading anything in any way nope oh my
god this is a cool weapon I have a look
a little buzzsaw shooter that's cool I
like that I'm down with that
I'm down with that wants to know what
you think of Sonic the Hedgehog Wow
eating Tenaya for subscribing huh if
only there was some sort of video that
we made chronicling my distaste for
Sonic the Hedgehog oh but you know what
much like alien isolation we were just
playing it wrong yeah so we should have
been better
we should have rolled is the thing oh my
god I'm gonna die here
great everything's great everything's
great
oh this buzzsaw gun isn't awesome yeah
yeah I'm really I'm really digging this
buzzsaw gun yeah Sonic the Hedgehog I
don't get it I don't get it and I don't
think that any of our complaints would
have been fixed if we will roll so there
you have it people think you know you
know what bothers me the most this is
something I wanted to talk about about
like the alien isolation comments
something that bothers me the most about
those comments these people saying that
we our views were contrary just to be
contrary that is so not true you have
you guys have no idea how much we wanted
to light this game we like a lien yes
you know we are fans of alien the alien
universe and like all of the things like
I left into all of that stuff about us
like enjoying just walking around the
alien ship on purpose you know yeah to
show people how much we like the alien
universe but no no we were just doing it
to be contrary just just to get two
views rich
on TNT block why is it with movies
people love it when you hate on things
but with videogames they expect you they
love it when you when you when you love
things yeah
when when you gush all over a game I do
but a movie movie it's people on
negative reviews why is that you know I
think it has to do with how old the
medium is and games are still pretty
young it's something we need to remember
about games in general there they're
still a relatively young art form so
what more tech it's a 40 year old art
form at this point Jack sure but not as
old as movies relatively young okay okay
be with me here be with me here
relatively young and even though it's 40
years old it hasn't been as big as it is
now you know now it's much more popular
than it once was
there's something figure bullets bigger
damage shit yeah
okay alright alright I'm diggin it I'm
diggin it
I get out of here
there's their dislike buzzsaw I don't
know if you're seeing like this spikes
yeah here that that make you it's nice
it's a nice touch it's a little um so
there are spikes in this game there are
spikes in this game I don't know if
Phoenix has shown up yet but they asked
if there are spikes in this game but
there are indeed spikes in this game and
much like I know you haven't played
spelunky one day I'd like to play
spelunky on the stream I really loves
one sure sure
much like spelunky if you spend too much
time on a level there's a little in
spelunky there's a ghost and the ghost
comes and gets you if you spend too much
time on a level and you know kind of
gives you that sense of that sense of
hurry the fuck out
yep I'm assuming the next hour I don't
finish about sorry alright so this has
this has little spiky dealies which do
the same thing and I enjoy that all
right oh I'll finish go ahead no no no I
mean I'm just summing the next stream
we're doing dr. Mario yes yeah Mike Mike
really wants us to do but dr. Mario
stream and so I believe I don't know if
we can do Wednesday but our next group
stream will be dr. Mario to please the
Lord and Michael right I'm just thinking
maybe how do you feel about the Stanley
parable I mean I like this family
parable we've talked about this I don't
know if it would be a good stream well
is it too much of a spoiler it would to
play that game
it wouldn't it would all be spoilers
because that's that's the game you can't
play it without spoiling it this one I
don't know Jay might find that amusing I
think you think you should play it in
general yeah he wouldn't play it less as
a stream right
great yeah and so I don't know like
that's I guess that you know that's oh
man I'm gonna die no I don't die I'm
really enjoying enjoying this run don't
die yet
maybe like a Dead Rising I don't hear to
play Dead Rising
I didn't play Dead Rising all dead
rising is great I hear I hear great
things about that game yeah I do people
I I just looked at the chat and someone
was saying don't stream Stanley it's not
a streamable game okay the stream mode
won't be Stanley it will because we'd
have to talk over it and if you don't
hear yeah the narrator yeah yeah that's
a good point
the but like the the stream would be Jay
but yeah we'd have to take so many
breaks from talking to people just to
listen to them wonderful game you know
right right so I'm gonna say we
shouldn't I agree I agree
do you relaxant lis agree yeah
then the Stanley parable is one that
anybody in this this chat anybody
watching who has not played the Stanley
parable please take a look at that game
yes
if if you are a fan of games this nails
it this nails meta games perfectly I
know this is in beta still this game is
in beta tavern Kings it's it's in such
beta that twitch didn't know it existed
okay
which is not how that cavern Kings
exists this is on Steam but he just send
like you a copy that he had I'm flying
on Steam he sent me a code that the
developer sent me okay a copy because he
thought he saw our risk of rain yeah and
thought that I would enjoy it and so far
I really am enjoying it fly in case
anyone night I can't come in too much
because I'm not getting you know
first-hand experience so oh right right
I mean it's you know what it is it's and
this is gonna sound like a negative and
it might be it's a smaller risk of rain
yeah
but that's exactly what it is and it
doesn't have risks risk of rain
style look you know obviously it has its
own style well it's got its own style
and that's a fine thing yeah exactly
exactly oh yeah oh yeah I didn't mean
that as a negative amen
yeah okay okay I meant it it doesn't
look like riff risk a brand which take
that for however you want you know mr.
Drayton isn't a twin-stick risk of rain
is not a twin stick you're right
everything I say is wrong all the time
confirmed everything jack says is wrong
all the time
risk of rain is not a 20 stick did you
what no things that are different no
that's fine that's fine you point you
point them out you point them on you
know what I'm gonna be I'm gonna be over
here not giving a fuck okay um what else
did I want to talk about today I talked
about how like the people in the
comments right I talked about people who
are saying what's the there's a new
comment oh you know what people were
accusing me of not playing the game
because on Steam it only shows that I
have 11 hours played oh for alien
isolation for alien isolation yeah and
while it's true I only play at 11 hours
on Steam rich and I played at the studio
on ps4
and so like I said I didn't finish on
Steam but I played enough of it goblins
yeah we played it ourselves for five
days yeah we each put in like 10-15
hours on our own yeah and then we played
it together to solidify our discussion
before the discussion which is played
for five hours together something like
that it was a while right like six seven
hours together we played for a
ridiculous long time or at least felt
like a ridiculously long time that says
problem with that game yeah which is the
other part of the review because I know
it is a two things that can be confusing
people who don't pay attention which is
that we played it separately and then
later I talked about playing at the
studio yeah as if you can have it one
way or the other but that was dumb and
incidentally how many hours do you have
to play a game before you know whether
or not you hate it yeah are you really
abigai to play a game for 20 hours
before you could decide whether or not
you're enjoying the experience I'm glad
we did because that means that we got to
give it the full review you know uh-huh
but no for someone for someone who
wasn't reviewing it no I think they
would know way sooner that of course
they loved it because it's brilliant
damn right yes Chad I've heard that zero
punctuation
love the game is your one station is a
different person it's true with with
different feelings and and different
thoughts and differents periences in
life yahtzee's personal experience
dictates how he feels about a game about
any art in general and I'm okay with
that I'm surprised
oh oh fuck there's a kickback on that
harpoon not
some innocent love songs I was shocked I
saw I watched his review as I watch all
of his reviews and I where do you say
about I haven't seen it yet I mean he
praised a lot of it he praised the
address very pretty praised why did the
atmosphere completely fail for both of
us are we the only two people on the
planet and it's a huge coincidence right
that's a good question that's a good
question rich is it because we are also
movie people ah maybe I don't know I
don't know you know and it's like I
cannot answer that question I wish I
wish I would be able to answer that
question but it's true and rich and I
are very different gamers yes which is
the double surprising thing and both of
us had very very similar feelings on it
but Enda and it's fine like I don't but
here's here's the the real thing about
Yahtzee liking alien I don't begrudge
him as a critic he is allowed to have
whatever feelings he wants to have about
anything that's kind of the thing okay
and if he wants to like it good for him
if if it ever comes to like a
conversation that we have which we will
never have and I will disagree with them
and that's fine and then we will both go
oh that's weird we have a disagreement
that's fine because I can only imagine
he's a reasonable person unlike some of
the YouTube comments we've gotten see my
tastes tend to run parallel with his
usually when when he likes the game I
like it too I guess he's a big thief and
yes he likes No More Heroes
we tend to like a lot of the same
that makes it doubly interesting
together agreed I am with you these
spikes to kill people for me which is
nice yeah very interesting but just but
also beyond Yahtzee rich and I were
baffled that anyone gave this game after
we were done filming the episode we both
looked up what other critics thought
about it and we're just like what we we
had strong opinions strong opinions so
strong that I am baffled that anyone
likes the game yep
and again that's fine if you do I you do
what you do that doesn't mean I won't be
any less baffled I suppose I'm equally
as baffled by other people like in this
game as they are by us liking it so not
liking it not liking it yeah Jordan
you're absolutely right very very
important distinction
an unfortunate Freudian slip
the controls I wish and at you know the
games in beta infinite configurable
controls would have been really nice so
what what do you hate show us the the
there is so much jumping and shooting at
the same time and the jump button is
right bumper and shoot is right trigger
okay so should it should have been left
and right body think but left is your
melee okay okay left trigger is your
melee and so yeah it just needs I don't
know you know I don't know how you fix
that I don't know if you do because it's
you play with you play with the keyboard
the mouse you play with a keyboard and
mouse absolutely that's exactly I fix it
you're right you know you could just
also show off the fuck up
here Rock Monster
rock monsters it was a rock monster
that's a b-52s reference yeah lobster
cake it's Lobster all right yeah oh fuck
the the other thing I'm not necessarily
digging about this game is that a pom oh
my god that wasn't a pond I'm so upset
that that wasn't a pond damn it Richard
making me look like an idiot yeah well
you should he just ran with a Jackson
yes yes that was that was most certainly
assuredly a pun yes that was a well
thought out fun no no I'm most assuredly
have fun absolutely no the thing I am
not liking about this game right now is
I'm unsure what my final objective is
you know I have no idea if I am
progressing how I am to any sort of
objective Arthur Arthur cutscenes you
skipped because that usually explains
these things no okay no I have not I've
not skipped any cuts and
so no it's just it's just I have no idea
what's happening which is fine
gasps ding ding ding ding ding ding dang
everything several or great depending on
how you look at it I suppose can you
guys think of any alien isolation pumps
alien isolation sucked I tried I tried
that was you trying yeah
alien isolation is miserable experience
that's not quite a fun no alien
isolation more like alien fuck you
perfect now then
more like alien fuck view more like
Aryan alien irritation whoo there you go
there you go yeah that's it
alien isolation isolated me from my
feelings junk fish says alien isolation
should be put in solitary there you go
you got it nailed it this is my rich and
I aren't very good at our jobs this is
why you should be watching something
else right yes yeah
previously recorded the stream where we
encourage you to watch something better
get over learn civics is something
that's probably true
you really can't aim with the controller
and this game uh I guess in general in
general but I think he's talking
specifically about this game yeah it's I
mean it's a little then that that seems
like that makes sense to me it's it's
not yeah I mean obviously like it's
designed for it is not necessarily
designed for a controller but I think
I'm doing all right I feel like I'm
doing all right or not
it's fine everything's gonna be fine
maybe
I should do more damage to a rock
monster a jackhammer should do more
damage to him Rock Monster just doing
damage well I was yeah I don't know I
don't know if I quite get this game yet
I know that I enjoy it is all I can tell
you well I'm gonna take to get risk of
rain
what how long did it take to get risk of
ring immediately yeah yeah I immediately
got risk of rain it took me a while to
figure out like whether or not I was
into it but I got it okay got it
immediately oh yes I like this gun what
you can deal with this spam and
sawblades
we can deal with this else can we talk
about here to make it fun and
interesting for those watching
I can talk about I know we've kind of
been a little callous about this but I
do today and if I if we don't do it now
eventually I do today want to talk about
the AVGN okay I think the chat might
have a heart attack when they hear that
I really do I have some things I would
like to say about it and you know we've
been saying we're going to talk about it
for a while and I've been kind of
waiting for J to be ready to talk about
it and you know I'm just gonna do it I'm
just gonna do it because I have some
things I want to say about it so I don't
know if people want that now
later you know we're talking Oh Jack I
know terrible that was mean that's what
that's what they get for hating you okay
are you guys ready you're reading the
chat rich are they ready for official
AVGN yes they're they're ready there's
finally with like ten why's the end of
it okay so here's here's the preamble to
the AVGN nerd eight no AVGN none angry
video game nerd shit that's a really key
button also this I need to actually
press the e button to open that that
chest even though I'm using a goddamn
controlling the preamble is this I am an
Internet person I'm a person who makes
videos on the Internet therefore I am
incredibly interested in other internet
people who make movies as I am an
Internet person who wants to make movies
yes therefore any Internet person who
also makes a movie I am interested in
and rooting for because yes that's the
thing I want that's what people should
know other examples before we get into
AVGN this is the preeminent picnic face
is a comedy troupe that that started on
the internet they made a great movie
called roller town remember Bobby hacker
he's the the guy who had an Internet
video get out your fucking checkbook an
internet video I enjoy
and also called cars I want to say it
like it was called cars he made a movie
called cars three actually he was
legally able to make a movie called cars
three which is hilarious in its own
right but you know again an Internet
person who made a movie and you know
like rolling tom is is a phenomenal
movie Cars three is exactly the kind of
movie you expect Bobby actor to make and
apparently there's a fun story behind it
but you know like I pay attention to
these things and I and I'm aware of
these things and so I was aware of the
AVGN movie even though I've only seen a
couple of his episodes you know yeah and
I'm not I'm not too into his style of
humor you know I'm not I'm not into the
the poopy fart Joker I mean I'd like the
poopy fart joke but just saying poopy
fart is not enough of a joke the check
couldn't see it but I did raise an
eyebrow oh yeah no no I did raise an
eyebrow
I like poopy fart jokes but he seems to
just say poopy fart and that's the joke
and I'm not into that as you should you
should raise an eyebrow absolutely
I feel the same way about the a groove
IDEO gamer okay
the gimmick got old quickly okay yeah
but you know he's been on the internet
for a while you know he he's an
important figure so I watched the movie
with genuine like Wonder it's like okay
Internet guy he raised a ton of money Oh
incidentally Jack the chat is saying
this from the guy who made the pee pee
song yeah yeah they're getting there
they're getting yeah and that's fun yeah
I think they see where I'm going with
this which is the real yeah which is I
thought the movie was really really bad
yeah the the AVGN movie was far worse
than I ever could have imagined
especially from someone who seems to
know what they're talking about when it
comes to movies and narrative structures
it was it was a mess it was a mess of a
movie a mess of characteristics
everything about it was just terrible to
the point where I had to double-check I
was watching the right movie at one
point like like oh did he make a
different movie and is this just a movie
starring him like what is going on I I
was generally dumbfounded by how
terrible it was it seemed to be the
worst kind of fanservice and I even
fanservice it was all like self-service
you know like everything about the movie
just made it seem like he was incredibly
cool so this looks like a gas station
out self-service if it doesn't hit it's
not a fine joke shame shame you know
there seemed to be an ego
about him as a character and in the
movie for anyone who doesn't know he
plays the angry video game nerd you know
like he's not playing a character it's
not just a movie that he wrote in his
starring and he is playing the angry
video game nerd and it starts off
baffling almost immediately when he has
like a friend and all he and his friend
talk about are how nerds don't have
friends
you're a friend and and so it's like not
only so that's crazy so that's really
baffling but then everywhere he goes
people seem to like like he goes to an
arcade at one point right and everyone's
like giving him like giving him
high-fives and like he's the coolest guy
in town but he's supposed to be this
like antisocial nerd character so yeah I
am too antisocial nerd character but
everywhere he goes everyone loves him
and so it's just like why
I gotta get out of here chit chit chit
chit the the story makes no sense it
looks fine you know looks like a like it
was shot competently you know it looks a
little bit like like cheap video at some
points but I thought it looked fine but
just everything story-wise
execution-wise was was dumbfounding them
bad it's been a while since I've seen it
it's been like a month or two since I've
seen it so I can't I don't know if I can
go into like super specifics mm-hm
I know there's like this there's like
this girl character and her character is
literally girl like that's all that's
all she has
she's like I'm girl I'm here someone's
gonna fall in love with me as it turns
out the person that fell in love with
her was the friend not being Gravina
gamer and she served her purpose as a
girl and but there is also there was no
character build up to like them falling
in love all the sudden like he rescued
her at one point and she it was just
like I guess what I love that well
that's how you write a female character
yeah rescues her the man rescues her and
I guess there are love now that was
exactly what happened
they had no chemistry before that they
had no likely dump
no no build up to their like
relationship it was just like at the
very last minute he decides to rescue
her from a giant robot thing and they
were in love now I guess it was ashamed
hmm yeah have you seen it yet rich no no
I don't I don't see any reason to that
yeah I've heard I've heard nothing but
bad things I do I do wonder like how
because it was fan funded did he
Kickstarter did he indeed
go go I want to think one of the other
and so I do wonder like how his fans
feel about it I'm sure they like it
because you know they like him
I mean is he doing a schtick in the
movie that it might be all they once um
maybe I don't know she take time to
bad-mouth the et game he does that's in
fact because that's the premise of the
movie for anyone who doesn't know is is
he he wants to find the ultimately bad
thing because he's never done a review
of the et game for atari and and he the
entire and credit sequence is his rupee
oh i think i hate a boss I'm at I'm at a
boss oh my god
that's horribly exciting it really is I
think except I'm gonna die stop talking
and play boss okay play boss
shit metal earthworm we write some sort
very risk of rain like even you know
there are worse games to be inspired by
oh yeah no I'm not saying that is a
negative but like if you look at the
power-ups here when when they come up in
a second there's like an eyeball there's
a boxing glove you know like all the
even the items look like they were maybe
a little too heavily inspired by risk of
rain yeah
so you hate it you hate it 3d Dot Game
Hearst I do I did I really did you
actually hated it that's the shocking
debate it's it's not that game had jack
written all over it it's not it's not a
normal kind of hate rich okay hold on
wait let's let's wrap up let's wrap up
anger video game nerd yeah before we
move its et game so that's the whole
premise of the movie is he's going to
Nevada to dig up the Buried et game and
he and the entire and credit sequence is
isn't it is a normal episode is him
masturbating oh because it's just him
doing a normal episode absolutely oh
okay okay in front about you meant that
literally Oh God no he but he's doing it
in front of a crowd of people as they
are cheering and laughing at all the
jokes even though they're all actors you
know yeah and they're doing this for you
know the tenth take pure masturbation I
saw in the chat briefly that someone
says like they weren't expecting it to
be great and it met those expectations
and yeah I I guess I we've talked about
this before like I've seen a couple of
them it's not really my thing
I mean no disrespect towards them
his videos just aren't my thing but the
movie like I think I can I can say for
sure I have some disrespect towards that
oh my god
oh I get it this is an ice level so when
I shoot my gun I go sliding back there
goes that controller aim right there
you'll see in a second I really I really
have fun aiming in general and specific
ad a thing I was specifically trying to
head whatever okay so 3d Dot Heroes we
are now we are now over AVGN nerd in a
moment I'll take a little break and
talk to you guys hey vgn nerd and how I
really hated the movie talk to us about
the lessons of life I will talk to you
about the lessons of life 3d Dot Heroes
if they would have if three down heroes
would have given me anything that wasn't
Zelda I think I think I would have been
much more comfortable with it you might
not have but yeah you know you skip all
dialogue in that game it does have like
a sense of humor that the Zelda games
don't sure okay then maybe look up I
don't know I don't know like it's just
so it was too much it was too much Zelda
it was too much Zelda for not a Zelda
game you know I like and I there's a
fine line between a homage and and just
making Zelda and we talked about that
somewhat on the stream but Jesus Christ
that took it too far edge took it too
far that's my line
that's right samurai co-op it gave you a
shark vomiting sword
that's true but only because that was
our job that was needs they liked
creating your own character sure that
was that was neat
I was all well Anita but not enough too
much too much as Elva blood sattvic says
Jeff's Jack skip the nun zelda parts and
complains about the lack of runs all the
parts which i think is true
it's true I don't here's my only defense
is that I don't think that would have
helped the case as I don't in general
care bots to her hey who the story is
different you know in my mind that
doesn't make much of a difference but
yes you're very clever for pointing that
out whoever that was that pointed that
out are not clever observant or whatever
you're something I don't know I'm gonna
die again I'm going to die again I'm not
gonna die
I gotta get out of here
okay I'm getting out of here I don't
like this level yeah I don't know I
don't know rich I can't a line needs to
be drawn Adam at home ahsha's and 3d dot
hero as I found it that's a question for
for all times
can you find your line and I found I I
enjoyed the game quite a bit yeah
admittedly I did enjoy it as a throwback
to the classic Zelda games sure as I'm
sure you're supposed to and I you know
even though the gameplay was
near-identical it it does have its own
style its own sense of humor yeah I know
oh and the art style is super great if
o+ it has the best tower defence mini
game I've ever played it has its Howard
offense mini game in 3d dot hero is that
I just love Howard offense
no it's like I I could have watched just
the just the the characters crumbling
apart after you hit them I could have
watched that all day
that was super brave I love that the art
direction of it was fantastic to see
just the everything is the Zelda thing
everything is as Elphaba yeah the oh oh
that actually makes it super badass I
just got to power up and bolsters aiming
ability and it's just some user scope
but it's very oh you have a controller
it's very helpful
whatever works for you check it's
working it's working for me rich
